  their idea of holy texts is to essentially redefine much of the text to fit the evolving societal norms . 
  on the other hand , most folks in is will not only have deep understanding of the holy texts of islam , but they commonly will cite specific parts of them as justification for their actions . 
  this is very common for them and one of the key aspects of their propaganda , and why it 's been so effective at `` radicalising '' educated muslims . 
  the proper term is more of a `` bringing them back to fundamentals '' , because that 's what actually happens . 
  that is exactly what folks in anatolia thought . 
  your denial of history is common among the regressive folks , who are in fact regressing specifically because they are unable to learn from history . 
  i really hit home with this analogy is seems :  i 've seen enough of it with young adults in the wake of brexit arguing against democracy , thank you very much . 
  you 're literally espousing the same utter disgust at any person that dares to hold opinion that differs from yours , democracy be damned . 
  all because of your own personal feelings on the issue , as demonstrated by the use of pejorative terminology when discussing those you dislike . 
  like the brexit youth protesters , you sorely lack perspective on the issue . 
  overwhelming majority of that shipping is to and from china . 
  i remember reading an interesting analysis on geopolitics reddit a few months ago about it . 
  essentially the only traffic that is n't going to or from china is traffic going to japan , and that can be easily rerouted to go through the more southern route at marginal expense increase . 
  that is why no one but us has a real bone to pick with china over navigation through the region . 
  no one sees china stopping it . 
  it 's the economic potential for the rest . 
  us on the other hand is very much interested in being able to maintain the lock down on chinese submarine fleet , because continental shelf is very shallow , leaving little room for submarines to hide . 
  that is what has blocked china from getting a credible submarine based nuclear deterrent to this day . 
  if china can push us and its allied militaries mostly off the continental shelf , their submarines will be able to get into pacific ocean untraced . 
  at least that 's the image i 'm getting from it right now . 
  there 's also another point of view that i heard lately , that somewhat differs from mine , but it might interest you because it 's an opinion of a long standing us navy officer with significant experience in the theatre : https://soundcloud.com/war_college/will-there-be-war-in-the-south essentially the issue being the way international law works , which is customary . 
  relevant international law is about `` established principles '' , and if china can establish a principle where it can build islands and get sovereignty over them and eez projected from them , it will become international law . 
  which is an anathema to us as a world power , because of its remote location and need to project force . 
  and there 's also issue of us credibility as a military partner , as its allied with philippines . 
  i think you have an image of `` ambassador '' that is about being nice . 
  historically , the best ambassadors have been the ones who were seen as scary enough to push the opposing party to cede ground , yet able to negotiate in a tough spot and read the situation correctly . 
  none of that entails being nice , politically correct and well spoken when it comes to media . 
  which is why bringing up `` gaffes '' as an object to such position presents an image of someone who does n't quite understand what foreign ministers of imperial states are actually supposed to be doing . 
  i think it being a consequence of the world and wanting to keep one 's independence . 
  i suppose it 's difficult for someone who could n't stand independent in the same time frame and has no nationalist self-esteem that comes from that to comprehend just how important independence and sovereignty is . 
  you simply lack the cultural basis to draw conclusions . 
  but as i stated before , i think you 'll eventually get there as a country . 
  it will take a few decades , but we 're culturally similar enough in this particular aspect for you as a nation to be able to reach the point where you actually respect your sovereignty enough . 
  enough to actually understand that working with both huge empires and slamming them against one another as we did ( recommended reading : pro-us actions during the same time period , like selling us-bugged spy gear among telecom hardware to ussr ) . 
  i 've seen enough of it with young adults in the wake of brexit arguing against democracy , thank you very much . 
  no , the exact opposite . 
  he was making these statements for two years , and in the end , even the most extremely pro war politicians viewed him as too unhinged and too dangerous . 
  that 's likely why he was forced to retire a few months ago . 
  his emails were recently hacked , and reveal that his words were calculated . 
  he was actively plotting against his own commander in chief and they were a part of it : https://theintercept.com/2016/07/01/nato-general-emails/, 
  you appear to think they had a choice in the matter . 
  when you have incoming paramilitary that just violently overthrew the president who was voted in by you , you do n't wait to find out if they 're going to just occupy , or start raping and killing you and your people . 
  you see the unconstitutional overthrow and you resist it any way you can . 
  here 's a good starting point : https://theintercept.com/2016/07/01/nato-general-emails/ now , if you clearly think that nato supreme commander in europe consistently lying to the press and public to get them to support full out war in europe is not dangerous , then i ca n't help you . 
  no , `` imperial past '' refers to golden era of british empire , when it was the strongest empire in the world . 
  it 's still an imperial state , it 's simply no longer the top one . 
  in fact , one of the key anti-brexit arguments was that uk would in fact cease to be an empire if it were to leave the eu due to reduction in its foreign influence that would result from it . 
  i would argue that like most brexit claims , it 's overblown , as they still maintain their foreign holdings and their military capability of force projection . 
  you know , like every single state that had to live near the borders of a huge empire while remaining independent ? 
  seriously , your inability to comprehend the basic terminology when it does n't agree with your extreme point of view is funny at times . 
  reuters reporter of several decades in russia `` is talking a load of bull crap '' . 
  because you say so . 
  i guess we have established that you do not in fact want to find out the reality . 
  apologies , i can not help those who can not read . 
  there is no eli5 spoken version . 
  recommended reading : islam 's expansion in middle east and turkey and how it occurred . 
  historically , islam is by far the fastest spreading religion of all times . 
  it has built in mechanisms to both coerce and force conversion into islam , is easy to convert into and is impossible to convert from without getting a death sentence . 
  your argument is essentially that of resident of anatolia 's christian who likely thought `` who cares about this invasive tiny minority religion '' about islam . 
  and saw his grandchildren adopt that religion within his lifetime under severe duress . 
  do you understand what secularism is ? 
  i 'm getting an increasing feeling that you in fact do not , because your odd claims have zero relevance to it , and yet you present them as if they 're debunking it . 
  commonly documented history . 
  pick up a history book on the relevant time period and start reading . 
  this is n't some kind of hidden history . 
  the exact opposite , ever since putin took reigns of power . 
  if you 're an oligarch , you could keep your freedom and your money , provided you supported the government and did n't interfere in politics in any significant fashion . 
  that was the deal he made with them . 
  the second wave of wealth that navalny talks about is about government official siphoning money off the state budget into their own pockets . 
  aka corruption . 
  but that 's like it in any corrupt state . 
  putin and his close circles are essentially the same liberal market economy believers as ones we have in the west when it comes to matters of economy . 
  there are simply far too many oligarchs from yeltsin 's era still in the money today to support your hypothesis . 
  the intercept has a pretty decent summary from his hacked emails : https://theintercept.com/2016/07/01/nato-general-emails/ or you can just google his name . 
  or you could try following the news . 
  granted it is possible that you actually think he meant it . 
  i guess we 're done . 
  you 're utterly unwilling to consider my point , and instead demanding that i abide by arbitrary limitations you set on the discussion and ignore everything else . 
  i guess that is what you have to do to have any ground to stand on , with reality being at odds with your view point to the extent it is . 
  good luck with that . 
  reality has a tendency of winning these arguments , and usually in painful ways . 
  in many cases , trafficked children are in fact sold by their parents or relatives . 
  you 're usually talking about folks living in abject poverty who have problems keeping children fed . 
  by selling one , you can invest in those that remain . 
  it was a fairly common tradition from middle ages among the poorest , one we largely defeated in north and west of europe with various social programs that kept people out of such abject poverty . 
  explain why western world needs to be involved . 
  be specific , and address their points related to our previous involvement in the region , which was so harrowing that it likely eclipsed nazi holocaust in horrors it caused . 
  in case you do n't know what i 'm talking about , look up `` opium wars '' and look at consequences for civilian population . 
  there 's a reason why china is pushing western influence out of its immediate periphery . 
  last time they failed to do it , they were almost utterly destroyed , and chinese people were systemically addicted to opium as a matter of western policy , causing what they now call `` century of humiliation '' . 
  few will sign the said letter . 
  it 's going to be the international justice version of reddit shitposting at best . 
  it 's the exact opposite . 
  the more they get in , the less non-military ships are going to be sailing . 
  and then the handful of military ships will stand out like sore thumbs , with everyone else staying away , which is the entire point of this exercise . 
  they 'll have the continental shelf under control , their submarines will finally be able to escape the us chasers and the region 's resources will be largely locked down and under control . 
  but sure , us and a few of its allies that it can strong arm into occasionally driving the ships through the region will keep doing it . 
  carefully . 
  recommended reading : opinions of former nato supreme commander of last two years who was finally displaced a couple of months ago after he went utterly off the rockers in his screaming about how nato must wage war in ukraine against russia . 
  seriously , your denial shows that you either spent last two years under a rock , or you 're intentionally ignoring reality that was broadcasted mass media extensively .
