  rich essentially never have to interact with migrants in uncontrolled environment . 
  their children do n't have to go to the same schools where migrants with troublesome background go in large groups , destroying classroom environment for everyone . 
  so they think everything is fine . 
  and then poorer parents see the damage done to their children and their education every day when they hear complaints at home . 
  they see their daughters be harassed on the streets . 
  and slowly , they start looking for a way to protest . 
  and since elites command the narrative and refuse to even entertain a thought that they would have to look at problems of those of lower classes , instead sticking to the same old `` but representation of women as ceo 's '' and other similar drivel ( try to talk to them about forcing women into jobs as sewage cleaners in the name of the same ideal and see the response ) . 
  essentially upper class problems are the only ones that get any real addressing in structures of state power across europe . 
  and hence , you have the response from the people . 
  that 's the power of democracy . 
  it 's not pretty , but it sure beats french revolution way . 
  but if elites keep rejecting having to face reality and problems of lower classes , and instead start to look for ways to just keep the status quo , as we appear to be seeing with the aforementioned `` let 's look to china to defend ourselves against trump and populism '' attitude , there will be blood on the streets in a decade or two . 
  and that is something i genuinely fear . 
   there 's a currently very prevalent school of thought that dictates that you ca n't comment on the issues of x class unless you 're a member of it yourself . 
  i am aware . 
  they are racists who simply like to pretend that their racism is benevolent and therefore acceptable . 
  i find them just as repugnant as neo-nazis and islamists who want to murder ethnic jews . 
  he was referring to actions , rather than religion . 
  he used religion as a descriptor for culture that drives specific highly negative course of action and that has a very large portion of people coming from that culture engage in such acts . 
  roma for example are also in that category . 
  but that depends on roma . 
  romanian roma ? 
  commonly form criminal gangs and do really nasty stuff . 
  finnish roma ? 
  highly unlikely to do the same . 
  same skin colour , different culture . 
  it 's all about the culture and the actions caused/correlate significantly with it . 
  there 's a reason why you will be hard pressed to find anyone having problems with vietnamese boat refugees . 
  they make great effort to integrate . 
  your relativism is insane . 
  `` but if you were this guy who just cut someone to pieces and ate him , you 'd do the same '' . 
  yes , and if he were like me , he 's say that such a person needs to be put away for life for safety of everyone else . 
  actions have consequences . 
  that 's why moral relativism like one you engage in above has no place in any discussion about reality . 
  no one but racists cares what colour you are . 
  what matters is your ideology . 
  why not ? 
  if he 's finnish support the party line , he 's in . 
  unlike the bs often being peddled here , party 's platform is not racist . 
  it 's nationalist . 
  beauty of nationalism is that it does n't look at race . 
  it looks at ideology . 
  i still defer to our respective posting histories should any observer have any doubts . 
  nothing else to say really , they speak for themselves . 
  i 've learned not to argue with this person , because you ca n't argue with a conspiracy theorist who follows you across various reddits just to post this drivel at random . 
   a large study conducted in denmark found that immigration tends to create upward employment mobility among nonimmigrants ( http://ftp.iza.org/dp8961.pdf ) , which increases their likelihood of moving in the pursuit of better paying jobs or as a result of a better paying job giving them the opportunity to acquire a better house . 
  denmark goes to extreme lengths to prevent migrant self-segregation . 
  there 's a reason why swedish pro-immigration organisations often cite it as racist and xenophobic . 
   this is garbage . 
  the opposite is true . 
  people who live in a situation where they hardly ever encounter immigrants in situations they do n't control , are most likely to become averse to immigrants . 
  regions with high immigration tend to be largely indifferent about immigration , while areas where immigrants are scarcely ever sighted , are the most likely to be opposed to immigrants . 
  citation needed . 
  citations to opposite are plentiful : france , uk , austria , etc. 
  do note the specifics of the case , i.e. 
  self-segregating islamic migration . 
  please do n't try to mix it with other immigrants who do in fact integrate just fine , such as for example vietnamese boat refugees in attempt to obfuscate the facts . 
  this is just more of the same line of arguing . 
  you make direct attempts to imply that i did not focus on debunking your numbers and argumentation , but that i attacked you for your personality and motivations . 
  you also continue to pretend to have facts , rather than misrepresentation of facts as demonstrated above . 
  i specifically and purposefully avoided discussing any potential motivation you may hold for your argumentation because i expected you to go down this route . 
  your type always does . 
  ** and then i get to finish the discussion by pointing out that you are targeting an argument that i never made and went to great lengths to avoid as irrelevant all together in what is essentially a copy paste `` but i 'm a victim here , because you hate my motivations '' argument . 
  ** i focused on your actions , and pointedly ignored your motivations as they are utterly irrelevant . 
  because personalities and reasons for acting are irrelevant for establishing the facts . 
  only the actions meant to obfuscate and misrepresent them do . 
  we are and have been for a long while . 
  problem is , a lot of people are invested in the current direction at this point . 
  when greek debt was effectively nationalised across eu , it put taxpayers like myself on the line . 
  so now i have to object to any debt relief for greece , because that comes out of my state 's budget . 
  which is already stretched thin . 
  nothing makes voters as pissed as `` your child need to sit in queue while sick because your city can not afford enough doctors due to budget cuts which are due to budget shortfall to subsidise greek debt '' . 
  in a way , it was a brilliant move by elites to make the case of greek debt from `` banks that took too much risks having to think about taking losses '' to `` taxpayers themselves having to take losses '' . 
  nothing will trump maritime access unless we invent some kind of new form of transportation that is more energy efficient than maritime transit . 
  it crushes everything in this category , including the second best option of rail by a huge margin . 
  all you actually need to disprove my points would be to not go through disinformation and obfuscation and present the numbers that support your point . 
  your direct admission of your being unable to do this underscores my point of your malice , as do your continued efforts to use the very same methodology to obfuscate and misinform . 
  a good example is your link of `` just this little pre-20 births '' which does the same thin you did with the chart . 
  pick the arbitrary number , pick a misleading comparison point of `` entire eu '' vs the far more logical `` countries in the same immediate region with similar cultures ( i.e. 
  nordics ) . 
  seal the deal with the extremely misleading `` also the migrant women bear less children after 25 years of age '' , using this phrasing to make it look like they are having less children overall . 
  when in reality , the issue is that swedish women , just like their nordic peers overhwhelmingly have their first child and all following children after this age , whereas migrants typically have several children before this age for cultural reasons . 
  meaning your comparison says absolutely nothing about these numbers . 
  i rest my case on point of your argumentation being intended to misinform a less-informed reader . 
  my personal fear is that this is bigger than just a geopolitical shift , but instead another chapter in the fight between the aristocratic elite and the mainstream populace . 
  trump 's election in spite of massive opposition from elites in his country , riding on the wave of populism exposed the depth of the chasm between the classes within us society . 
  similar chasms appear to exist in europe as well , as populist anti-establishment vote growth shows . 
  and with internet and social media , mass media 's role as a filter for reality for the people is failing , which means that elites are getting genuinely afraid of the masses . 
  whenever this societal rubicon was reached in the past , it triggers a significant reaction from the elites , which is often damaging to their own states and cultures , in the concentrated effort to restore their grip on power . 
  i fear that this `` china is our saviour from evil populism '' narrative is showing that this particular rubicon has been reached across eu . 
  we live in interesting times . 
  pun on the origin of that curse is intended . 
   would you defend mugabe if i called him a dictator , yes , because he was objectively loved by his people . 
  if you step out of the bubble of western media , and actually listen what people across africa , and do note `` africa '' , rather than just his own state say about him , you 'll note a remarkable change of tone . 
  he 's praised as a good leader , man of character who had the courage to stand up for his people . 
  he held multiple pan-african positions as a result of his popularity on the continent . 
  in my opinion , he is popular among his people , so he 's most certainly not a dictator . 
  on the other hand , his methods are distinctly african in nature , which i as a northern european find repugnant . 
  so i would go as far as to call him a tyrannical leader . 
  but most certainly not a dictator , because he objectively is not one .
