  if you are still unable to decipher the meaning and the line you mention above is all you get out of it , then i recommend english lessons . 
  which tells us a lot about the bubble you live in . 
  and nothing about the world itself . 
  because i am patently left wing , and your knee jerk reaction to suppress liberalist views on the spot through name calling is a standard progressive attack on liberalism . 
  `` we '' in this regard means people who are liberal , and who want a left leaning liberal party to vote for , rather than left leaning illiberal progressive one . 
  which tells us a lot about you and nothing about the world . 
   islam is always interpreted different depending on the person , sect and culture however all major sects agree on points i raise . 
  therefore we can conclude that single islam does in fact exist . 
  and no , i do not describe `` wahhabbi islam '' . 
  i describe `` all mainstream islamic schools of thought '' . 
  those schools are hanafi , maliki , shafi'i , hanbali and zahiri ( collectively known as sunni ) and ja ` fari ( commonly collectively known as shia ) . 
  these two school 's primarily differ in something that is irrelevant to their relationship with unbelievers like myself , in that who can be caliph of the islamic state . 
  they share all relevant traditions mentioned above in relation to apostasy and heresy . 
  it is fairly clear at this point that you do not understand this topic , as `` wahhabbi '' is not even a school of islam . 
  this form of islam , known as salafi falls within the school of hanbali . 
  your rather hilarious inability to comprehend written text does not in fact change the content of the text . 
  unfortunately it 's also factually true , and affects lives of real people . 
  i wish i had the answer for you . 
  i really do . 
  but it will take someone smarter than me with more resources than me to answer that question . 
  most of the muslims you list that are not religious fall into `` apostate '' or at the very least `` heretic '' category within islam . 
  islam is exceptional among religions in that it defines these terms with great accuracy , and codifies punishment for being such a person in law . 
  as such , pretending that their interests are somehow the same as that of `` moderate '' or whatnot muslims is very disingenious . 
  these muslims are the primary target for `` moderate '' and `` extremist '' muslims , as evidenced by simple headcount of their victims . 
  by far the most common victim of religious muslims are the muslims who do not want to follow ways of islam in some aspect . 
  violence is a punishment enacted upon them for breaking rules codified within islam by `` extreme '' muslims , who are supported in this by `` moderate '' muslims . 
  on the last note . 
  what you call `` brainwashing '' , is actually defined as `` religious '' . 
  as `` muslim '' by definition is `` person who follows religion of submission ( known by its arabic namesake of `` islam '' ) , recognises that mohammed is the profet and arabic god ( al lah ) as the only god , they are simply religious people . 
  if you ever study psychiatry , you 'll note that religious convictions are specifically exempt from defined as mental illness . 
  as such , your line of arguing is inherently self-contradictory . 
  the main difference between extreme and moderate in islam is the difference between willling to act , versus willing to support the actor . 
  as seen in places like molenbeek where terrorist was hiding in the open among `` moderate '' populace , which tried to stop police from arresting him when police was finally tipped off by someone who was n't a `` moderate '' . 
  they may not be the ones mutilating genitalia of captured hostages in the paris theatre before executing their loved ones in front of them , but they are more than willing to provide necessary support for these people . 
  traditional left has been liberal . 
  core tenet of liberalism is about treating people equally . 
  consider for example treating a person based on his merit rather than his pedigree . 
  this is an extremely novel concept in human history that has been brought in by liberals something between a hundred and two hundred years ago . 
  same thing applies to homosexuality . 
  treat people on merits , not their arbitrary characteristic of sexual orientation . 
  confusion come from the fact that progressive extremely illiberal fringe movement within left basically killed traditional liberal left off and is now wearing it as a skin . 
  their beliefs are the exact opposite of liberal views , in that people 's value should be determined by the arbitrary factors like their sexual orientation , ethnic origin and so on . 
  the only difference between them and far right is the direction of discrimination . 
  even their methodology is increasingly similar . 
  these are people with institutional power today , doing damage to society . 
  and as this traditional liberal left was murdered off , homosexuals who were in fact a target of discrimination and as a result have empathy for its victims increasingly flee the remains of the left completely controlled by the progressive movement . 
  because they empathize with victims of the progressive movement , as they were victims of the same institutional racism and sexism that average white man faces in much of european society today . 
  the same hardship of not being able to get work because `` diversity hire '' was hired instead even through he was worse on merits , got promoted past you because `` there are n't enough [ people of arbitrary progressive stack characteristic x in leadership positions ] '' and so on is the exact same mechanism that was used to prevent homosexuals from getting same kinds of positions in the past . 
  add to that the fact that muslims rank higher than gays on progressive victim stack ladder , which means that their protection comes before that of homosexuals regardless of threat they pose to homosexuals , and the reason to not vote for progressives if you 're homosexual are overwhelming . 
  the only reason for homosexuals to ever vote left again is if liberal left is resurrected one way or another . 
  and that is unlikely to happen before progressive movement is killed off , because it has infested the current political left across western europe far too thoroughly . 
  if allowed to survive when liberal people want a liberal left wing parties again in large enough numbers , it will likely come back like cancer does and kill liberal parties off yet again . 
  i did not quote you out of context , as you suggest . 
  instead , i specifically address your point on its patent absurdity above . 
  because we most certainly were not a puppet state by any reasonable definition . 
  see above . 
  sure . 
  point being that we were a neutral nation sitting on the largest european state border of ussr , but far away from us . 
  as such , we certainly presented far more risk to ussr than us , and as such had to threat more carefully around ussr interests than us ones . 
  but calling this state a `` puppet of soviet union '' is patently absurd and those were in fact ** your words ** . 
  that is what i called out , and i stand by that , because that is patently a lie . 
  if we were a `` puppet of soviet union '' , things like note crisis would never have occurred in the first place , because relevant policies would have been handled on puppeteer levels instead of public diplomacy . 
  you have n't read my posting history very far , have you ? 
  i 'm critical of all lies and obfuscation , be they about russia , us , west , china , japan or any other nation . 
   report : russia spread fake news and disinformation in sweden why are you posting in this thread with this kind of information , without providing details that clearly show that case you present has nothing to do with it ? 
  a 1916 sub ? 
  baltic sea and north sea are full of them from ww1 . 
  those things were basically surface torpedo boats that were watertight on top and could dive a couple of meters below surface for immediate strike . 
  even minor rough seas had a tendency to sink these things . 
  these are also considered war graves , so it 's illegal to disturb them . 
  though there are a lot of companies that strip them for valuable low background steel . 
  `` puppet of soviet union '' was actually equally influenced by us , to the point where you could just as well call us `` puppet of us '' . 
  a good example was the infamous large sale made by nokia to soviet telecommunications sector , where us basically forced nokia to insert spyware into network hardware sold . 
  there 's some amazing stuff to be found in archives that have been opened so far , and you can find quite a few stories on the topic from yle 's investigation on it a few years ago . 
  you should be able to find it by searching on google . 
  those who have n't figured it out yet , look up this poster 's history . 
  he 's basically here to fear monger about russia . 
  he has absolutely no clue about the topic he 's discussing , nor the relevant history . 
  he 's simply doing what he has been doing for a while on this reddit . 
  throw dung at the subject hoping something will stick . 
  that makes one of you . 
  the man who supposedly saw the submarine recanted the story , and the similar sighting in gulf of finland pretty much cemented the certainty that it was n't russians . 
  see , russians just like us and swedes know just how treacherous sea floor is in that area , and how it 's essentially impossible to sneak a mini-sub in , much less a full sized one as sea floor is peppered with hydrophone networks that are maintained from cold war times . 
  pretty much the only submarine users in the world that are n't used to operating in this area and would n't have easy access to this information are powers from other continents . 
  so our navy went and drop low yield depth charges on whoever was ignorant enough of local sea floor to inform them to kindly fuck off . 
   that is called party-based politics . 
   also , i 'm not a progressive . 
  and yet you project the extremist politics , which are endemic to extreme sides of political spectrum , such as the progressives , to all parties . 
  projection to such length rarely occurs among those who are not in that specific political bubble . 
   the core ideal for progressives is advancing our society by improving civil rights , worker rights ( societal conditions in general ) , by advancing science and being anti-war . 
  and any methods are acceptable in the name of progress . 
  we know . 
  history is choke full of examples . 
   those things sound pretty sweet to me . 
  it always does . 
  until you find yourself as obstacle to the progress because movement goes too far for you . 
  again , history is choke full of examples . 
   stuff like automatisation and basic income is also quite progressive/liberal . 
  again , progressivism and liberalism are largely antonyms . 
  and automation is generally treated as anti-progressive in many progressive circles , because it worsens conditions of the working class by competing with them .
