  that 's all it takes . 
  i 've been to narva several times . 
  those people do n't want to be a part of russia . 
  they 're certainly quite annoyed at estonian racism towards them , but they 're not interested in overtures from russia either . 
  heck , to most of them , russia seemed to be mostly `` that cheap place with lower quality of life from which you can get cheap groceries and fuel '' . 
  they quite liked living in estonia . 
  as a result , the fear you describe actually appears to be the main factor feeding the potential for scenario you describe to actually occur in hypothetical future . 
  frankly , clean up the racism ( which notably is n't limited to russians , or need i remind you of open racism against black us troops that recently arrived ? ), 
  and you 'll have no problem . 
  people are still people , and they still overwhelmingly prioritise having a good life over everything else . 
  in poor regions , russian pull is great because they have a higher quality of life ( think crimea , there 's a clear main reason for why people voted for russia , and it 's not cultural or ethnic ) . 
  but in baltics ? 
  not even latvia is bad enough in spite of getting slapped even on eu level for instutitional racism , and countries that have done well like estonia are very low on the risk assessment . 
  on your point on georgia , the question can be extended to russia to a far greater degree . 
  stalin carved up russian ssr and effectively gave chunks of it to other ssrs . 
  intention was that if these were to ever attempt become separatist ( from ussr ) , these chunks would hold them . 
  it 's obvious that he did n't envision a largely peaceful break-up of soviet union . 
  optimally they should have reversed most of the stalinist and destalinisation policies in relation to territorial changes within ussr upon break-up , but entire region was such a mess that no one could think beyond immediate future . 
  a good example of this is in fact crimea . 
  it 's well documented that ukrainian leadership made an offer to return crimea to russia at a time of breakup , but with all the overthrows and internal power struggle , this suggestion was never properly addressed . 
  if it was , chances are we would n't have the problems we 're having today . 
  essentially the problem is that break-up of soviet union was a mess in many places . 
  the rest of your arguments on territorial issues go beyond internal soviet issues , and typically address international warfare and conquest . 
  kurils for example are ethnically ainu , not russian or japanese . 
  japanese empire and tsarist russia took turns trading territory in military conquest over last two centuries . 
  claiming that one part has intristic right to any of those territories is not very differnt from suggesting that poland and lithuania have a legitimate claim to entire estonia , and in fact moscow . 
  why differentiate between war conquests of the past ? 
  we generally accept status quo not because it 's somehow `` more legitimate '' but because it 's simply politically easier to accept it , and because that 's what we did throughout the history . 
  if you got it and can hold it , it 's yours . 
  perhaps the biggest mistake that everyone in europe is making on all sides is thinking that war has somehow changed . 
  it really has n't . 
  you 'd think that examples of turkey/greece war over cyprus would keep people reminded that not even large military alliances can affect how war as a tool of conquest works . 
  we lost chunks of our own country in a war against russia , so i 'm not exactly neutral on the issue , but as a history buff i also recognise that `` give us back karelia '' folks are frankly ignorant of reality . 
  i also happen to remember that we were a part of tsarist russia for a long time , and it was lenin who granted us independence for the first time in our history . 
  it was a political gamble our leadership at the time to bet on lenin before he came to power , and it paid off . 
  that 's how realpolitik works . 
  you do n't get what you deserve , you get what you can actually secure for yourself . 
  a very important lesson to remember for any small country , and one that i strongly urge you as estonian to truly understand . 
  because betting on just one horse ( as you are currently doing with us ) and massively antagonising the big neighbour is rarely a successful long term strategy . 
  instead bet on both large sides , and maintain close ties with both to ensure that it 's beneficial for all parties to keep you around . 
  that is the biggest tenet of both internal and external staiblity and security . 
  on your third point , the actual agreement for russian peacekeepers was in fact ratified by all relevant parties in georgian conflict , and yes , that includes georgian leadership . 
  study the issue . 
  problem was that both sides had a tendency to shoot at each other every so often with mortars and try to buzz each other 's defences ( hence the need for peacekeepers ) . 
  this resulted in georgia annulling their part of the agreement just prior to military assault . 
  reminder : this is caucasus . 
  these are not nice people . 
  their cultures are different , but very much centered around war and violence . 
  as such , attempting to apply our values to them will result in catastrophic failures . 
  as for russia 's leadership being more popular , can i toss you a hypothesis as to why that is so that has nothing to do with invasions , or hostility ? 
  my take on it is that our leadership in the west gets more and more distant from normal people . 
  this has been worsening with the current situation in eu , where entire countries ' populations have been effectively thrown under the proverbial bus . 
  at the same time , russian leadership went for exact opposite route - both president and government routinely come for televised questioning by their own citizenry , and address even nasty concerns like specific incidents of corruption directly and head on . 
  you do n't see that in eu leadership , which likes to dodge these issues instead . 
  the difference for anyone that speaks enough languages to be able to see the difference between the two is honestly staggering . 
  i would suggest that our leadership took example from russia when it comes to actually engaging the population in highest echelons of power instead of the current `` isolated elite that talks at rather than to their constituents '' . 
  show the people that eu and its leadership can honestly meet concerns of the people face to face and takes them seriously . 
  stop talking at people and start talking to them . 
  that out to take out most of the shine out of current russian government 's ideological pull very quickly , at least for those that speak enough languages to get the unfiltered version of all relevant media outlets and are actually not intelligent enough to understand that most of it is fluff anyway . 
  on your point of `` no peaceful co-existence '' , i would simply point out that russians in general actually hammer in the necessity of it when it comes to ukraine . 
  i imagine they 'd face an open rebellion from inside if leadership there was to even imply that they could not co-exist peacefully with ukraine . 
  this for the same reason i mentioned before - blood calls to blood . 
  too many family ties across border to even contemplate it . 
  the current hysteria appears to be mostly top down on all sides , and on russian side it seems to focus more on `` ingrates '' and `` outsiders in ukraine '' rather than ukrainians themselves . 
  a rather crude propaganda as there 's a fairly significant portion of nationalists in ukraine today , but also markedly different to the equally absurd image that western mass media peddles . 
  which is also why i find comparisons to georgia et al absurd . 
  there are far fewer familial ties across borders . 
  those are genuinely different peoples with distinctly different cultures down to the very religion ( ossetians for example are majorly animist and are considered heathens in conservatively orthodox christian georgia ) . 
  well , considering that the current actions are not exactly for stronger institutions but against them through means of corruption of individuals within the system ( kohver , i 'm looking at you as a good example from estonian side ) , leaving them may certainly do some good . 
  on the other end , since it 's unlikely that other side would stop their actions which are equally corrupting , it would likely not get better either . 
  so leaving them would be bad . 
  there are no good alternatives here , but current actions are not helping the situation in any way . 
  that 's realpolitik for you . 
  big countries will always simply use smaller countries for their benefit . 
  all the smaller country can do is try to stay neutral and useful to all relevant parties , and not bow to suck one side 's proverbial dick while mooning the other . 
  that never leads to anything positive . 
  the video that was posted on liveleak shot by one of the georgian soldiers sitting on his apc as he passed through south ossentian capital as well as other evidence cited in eu report on the issue when related to events . 
  or are you disputing the ethnic cleansing part , which georgian nationalists routinely tout and which has already occurred on both sides of the border in both georgian conflicts , with both georgians and abkhasians/ossetians being largely purged from relevant territories ? 
  reminder : georgia is a part of caucasus . 
  they are also the country that gave birth to stalin and his crew and that still views stalin as one of its `` great sons '' . 
  the region known for being at least as violent and cruel as middle east . 
  these people are not nice , and their cultures are extremely violent from our point of view . 
  on all sides . 
  i love how you seem to think soldiers to be machines of war rather than people . 
  that 's quite a monstrous view . 
  you know what other countries are extremely cheap ? 
  those with similar levels of corruption and ease of armed takeovers . 
  there 's a reason why there 's no investor rush to somalia et al. 
  being cheap means nothing if you are almost guaranteed to lose your investment to local warlords if it ever gets profitable . 
  this is one thing that baltics really got right , something that most former ussr states including russia failed at . 
  building strong state institutions . 
  that is what roots out corruption and oligarchic control over economy from inside and stabilizes the society . 
  most former ussr states have weak civic society because their state institutions are weak . 
  this makes them weak to corruption and oligarchic takeover . 
  both russia and ukraine make for exellent examples of this . 
  no offense , but `` occupied territories '' in georgia , moldova , azerbaijan and so on broke away from their countries when ussr fell apart . 
  it always amazes me just how hypocritical baltic folks can be , `` yeah we should have a right to declare indepence , but the republics that are n't pro-west should be forced through violence to submit to the republic they were forcibly joined into as a part of stalinist policies '' . 
  and when it 's pro-russian ones , it 's `` fuck them with a big georgian cock '' . 
  but nagorno-karabakh ? 
  do n't give a toss .
