  they are specifically designed for small rural home and outhouse use . 
  we 're also not talking about `` depths of siberia '' here . 
  that 's a huge strawman . 
  siberia is overwhelmingly not populated at all . 
  most of the population is among the great rivers . 
  this is about rural russia , or really any sparcely populated state with rural populace . 
  besides the fact that you no longer have awful life expectancy due to modern medicine , some modern amenities such as sewage , electicity ( even if from a small local generator that does n't run 24/7 ) and fresh clean water ( chlorine pills have been invented and hygiene comprehension is far better nowadays ) provide for a much better existence . 
  no , you are an apostate . 
  you just committed heresy . 
  you should find out what life was back before the electricity , water , sewage , vaccines and antibiotics sometime . 
  fun detail : you do n't need to to experience this . 
  comment section is full of people noting in russian that a lot of russian villages look almost exactly like this today . 
  just add electric lighting and lamp posts . 
  so those russian `` datchas '' ? 
  they 're apparently a lot of this . 
  i 'm guessing you can just go there as a tourist and try it out . 
  i know there are similar places here in finland , simply because it 's really not worth modernising a well build wooden house somewhere in the middle of nowhere . 
  you just run electric/telephony wiring , install a few appliances and some kind of small scale sewage system if even that and you 're all set . 
  a lot of people around here have a house like that where they go to relax and get away from busy city life . 
  i can link you some brochures for similar tourism experiences here in finland . 
  even architecture is similar , since back then we used to be an autonomous grand duchy in russian empire . 
  thank you for not reading a word and assuming that i 'm the exact opposite of what i am . 
  and no , for overwhelming majority of those following monotheistic abrahamic beliefs , religion is not a personal matter , god is not your personal guru , and specifics of religious dogma matter . 
  strawman argument . 
  the claim presented here was that damage by a bomb in the crowd is far lesser than that of a trained gunman in the crowd . 
  a muslim that supports democracy is a murtadd . 
  a traitor to islam . 
  they are the most hated kinds of apostates in islam . 
  he committed an act of apostasy , for which he was punished in accordance with the hadiths . 
  in general , when taking a wide scope argument and wanting to argue on specific detail of it , it 's helpful if you state which part of the argument you wish to address . 
  as noted , we likely share much of our view on cia 's actions within the narrow scope you were talking about . 
  of course . 
  our society , by large is not only very secular , but also very pro-reason . 
  that by definition makes it difficult for religion to exist within such society , as reason tends to address problems through logic rather than religious dogma , largely removing the need for religion in the first place . 
  as islam advocates violent resistance to this process within its very dogma and demands active warfare against states that practice it , our society is left with two options : surrender to the dogma , or combatting the dogma by encouraging people leaving islam and supporting those that do . 
  considering the amount of persecution that is being committed against those who leave islam by muslims and muslim apologists within our societies , our most immediate goal should be enable support of these people by society and active criminal consequences for anyone supporting the persecution of these individuals . 
  in long term , islam should be either reformed or overwhelming majority should be societally pressured to abandon islam in favour of theologies that are compatible with a secular state . 
  this thread talks about ataturk and his legacy . 
  why you would choose to dismiss the overwhelming amount of it , including his lifetime in favour of very limited scope of history and yet say nothing of this arbitrary limitation mystifies me . 
  within your limitations , i would largely concur . 
  it 's not like cia of 1980s was a nice organisation , nor should it have been . 
  it had a job to do . 
  and with entire world being split into first and second world , every structure would be sought after for its value as a tool to be used against the geopolitical opponent . 
  but this is merely an application of already existing structures that have been in places for many decades for a completely different reason . 
   as for the first one , their attitude would n't be any different than the christians i know : their religion is the right one , so of course people should n't be encouraged to leave it . 
  you clearly belong in a very misguided subgroup of atheists , which thinks that all religions , regardless of nature of their dogma are equal . 
  christianity does not demand death sentence for converting away from it . 
  islam does , and is very specific in how such death should be administered , down to the timing . 
   my muslim friends are all female , so i know how strongly they 'd feel about your second point . 
  which i would note makes them largely irrelevant to this discussion , as their religion and their men will demand their obedience , and for all their complaints , they will overwhelmingly give it . 
  we have significant statistical evidence of this . 
  those who will not will be hounded by their families and communities . 
  one does not ask a slave what slave thinks of its freedom , for it has none . 
  and comprehend that this is a war between entire civilizations and stop pretending that measly airstrikes are going to get the job done . 
  and take the gloves off . 
  this is something that needs to be emphasized . 
  we live in a time when `` war '' for us first worlders is something that happens far away . 
  reality is , that when we wage war , the war is also waged against us in our cities as well , and we should stop pretending that this is not so . 
  stop pretending this is n't a war being waged against us . 
  comprehend that we are indeed in a war against islamic ideology , which specifically dictates that any good muslim should be conquering the world for his god . 
  i would . 
  journalists do it all the time . 
  `` interview with a mother of serial killer '' is a fairly common thing to do when some crazy thing happens . 
  supposedly , that 's their actual civic duty , as they are the fourth estate and their primary objective within the state is to gather accurate information for others estates to use . 
  talk to them about the following : 1 . 
  leaving islam is completely ok and should be encouraged by society . 
  women have all the same rights as men , and men have no right to command women what to do . 
  see their reactions . 
  comprehend that they are overwhelmingly not what you think they are . 
  unless of course you also hold the views that punishment for leaving islam is death and women should obey men . 
  but then , you 're not very norwegian , are you ? 
  this is the kind of attitude that racist and non-empathetic people take when is openly tells them what it 's going to do . 
  they deny them agency and pretend that they are just stupid or crazy . 
  and when is does what it says it will do , they deny that this was planned , blame `` lone wolves '' and spin other bs narratives . 
  only because they are so incapable of basic human empathy , that they are incapable of comprehending other people being very serious about their religion and very spiritual . 
  as atheists , we need to inoculate our population against this kind of belief . 
  we need to understand that there are different people in the world , and that just because they hold beliefs that are patently absurd to us does n't mean that they are n't highly functional , psychologically stable and very smart . 
  grant these people equal agency . 
  understand that they are often smarter than you , more capable than you and most certainly more determined than you . 
  that is why they have won so many converts across the world , while we are struggling to stop them from starting a civil war inside our own states . 
  of course it was n't . 
  military in most states fills a very specific security niche . 
  i 'm not going to even bother talking about cia , its role or the various hypotheses on its involvement . 
  while powerful , cia is not omnipotent and it most certainly did not have any significant impact on ataturk at the time . 
  as for the `` oh it 's your fault yoiu damn westerners '' , take a look at ottoman history some time . 
  it makes much of colonial age stuff look like a nice picnic . 
  thank for you continuing to assume things about me while remaining utterly ignorant of reality . 
  one last time , i would like to remind you that security professionals are far smarter than you , far more experienced than you and learned a lot from problems at controlling masses if an event that causes panic hits . 
  also thank you for moving the goal posts so much that it 's a different discussion entirely . 
  no one ever suggested that `` bomb would not cause casualties in the crowd '' . 
  that would be because in the deadliest bombings are n't the aspect of the bombing that does the killing . 
  bombs in those are simply tools of sabotage to bring a large structure or cause a large transportation system to crash . 
  when you look at the bombings where bomb itself was the main cause of the casualties , they are far less damaging that comparable shootings . 
  and it 's now known that in this case , they were planning to go for the shooting route for this reason . 
  they had to improvise because police got on their trail and they had no time to conduct preparations for shooting . 
  definition of which has become very loose lately , and getting off the books after you 've been added because priest sprinkled a bit of water on you is almost impossible in many countries . 
  i like how molenbeek calls on promo video are picked by the police who `` assure callers that this is not a slum '' . 
  well played . 
  funny how all those bombs so far did in fact do damage to people . 
  please do tells us of those magical bombs that do no damage .
