  so you do not even understand how punitive tariffs work . 
  step one : suspicions , findings and evaluations on subject of dumping taking place or not . 
  step two : decision on whether dumping occurred . 
  both parties passed it . 
  step three : evaluation of size of dumping , and exact targets for punitive tariffs . 
  step four : evaluation of the size of tariffs required . 
  step five : implementation of tariffs on customs level . 
  us is currently on step five . 
  eu is on step four . 
  both of them have passed steps 1 and 2 , and found chinese companies to be guilty of dumping steel . 
  reminder : your point of contention was the following :  can you give me some evidence that this particular case is dumping ? 
  otherwise please stop wasting my time mr. `` logic '' . 
  as we can see , both parties have clearly found that chinese are dumping steel . 
  us already have put tariffs in action , eu has found china guilty and are deciding on size of tariffs to impose . 
   a few more shit posts from you and you 'll be able to pat yourself on the back !, 
  that delicious irony that you are probably not smart enough to appreciate . 
   at this very moment , it is the russian airstrikes that areausing people to flee their homes in the aleppo province . 
  let us not pretend that there is no link between the russian actions and the migratory flows . 
  let us not pretend that there is no link between syrian civil war and migratory flows , including all of the combat that takes place in it . 
  where the combat intensifies , more people run away from it . 
  right now , combat is most intense in the immediate region of assault , so yes , right now the flow is great from there . 
  when is was advancing , flow was going from under them . 
  when iraqi were retaking mosul , they were causing it . 
  are you suggesting that no warfare should be taking place because doing it increases numbers of regufees ? 
  what a pretentiously noble , utterly ignorant , and utterly pointless suggestion . 
   your accusations that turkey is blackmailing the eu are unfounded . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/merkel-refugee-plan-faces-resistance-in-brussels-and-ankara-a-1077131.html#ref=rss  `` we can open the doors to greece and bulgaria anytime and we can put the refugees on buses , '' erdogan told european commission president jean-claude juncker and european council president donald tusk in november , according to a secret protocol of their discussion that was published earlier this week by the greek news site euro2day . 
  on thursday , erdogan confirmed the authenticity of the document . 
  please do not talk of things you do not understand . 
  thank you . 
  no , but kurds living on turkish side of the border are subject to turkish laws , whereas kurds living on the other side of the border are not . 
  i do . 
  which banned munitions are you talking about ? 
  cluster munitions , which you are whining about are certainly not , as the map of signatories to the agreement to not use cluster munitions clearly shows : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a1/cluster_munitions_convention.svg notably none of the major participants in this conflicts are signatories . 
  us , turkey , russia and syria itself are all outside of the treaty . 
  are you done posting bs ? 
  late last year for us , early this year for eu . 
  google `` china steel tariffs '' , it will bring you a massive amount of results , as this was a recent and very important issue as it was viewed as first shots in us-china and eu-china trade war . 
  these protests are about eu 's punitive tariffs not being high enough , and wanting tariffs like those in us . 
  us tariffs go up to 236 % . 
  i understand that chart starts at 50 . 
  it 's still about half of that of netherlands and less than 1/3 of that of belarus . 
  also , i had to make that freedom fries joke . 
  it 's old material and you do n't get to make jokes over stuff that old all that often . 
  the main reason why turkey wants this is to stop syrian government from retaking aleppo and in doing so sealing the corridor turkey had for supplying islamists inland . 
  if this happens , they will have a border with kurds on the west , syrian government in the middle and is in the east of aleppo , with no corridor to supply islamists south of aleppo , ensuring their encirclement and eventual surrender or destruction . 
  this basically means that they need to stop russian aircraft from being able to support syrian regime 's efforts . 
  that 's what the calls for no fly zone are about . 
  but they have no means of actually getting russians to comply now that they brought proper air superiority aircraft and sam systems in the region . 
  all they can do is try to force us to enter the fray , at which point the worst possible scenario would occur - us fighting russia in the air over syria . 
  us has no interest in doing this , so turkey is likely to try various things to up the pressure on all parties involved to get this result . 
  in this case , merkel likely has no choice but to agree because erdogan has already told her exactly what he will do if eu goes against his wishes . 
  threat of actually starting to bus syrian refugees to greek borders have been used in negotiations . 
  it 's going to be a one nasty mess . 
  frankly at this point , if syrians and russians actually manage to seal the islamists in , it might get this barrel of powder to defuse a bit . 
  this is because as turkey 's bid to resupply islamists fails , it wo n't stand to gain as much from trying to get us and russia to butt heads over syria . 
  relevant map : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template:syrian_civil_war_detailed_map basically , if syrian government ( red ) retakes aleppo , which looks extremely likely as long as russian air support is in place and morale remains high because of it , they will be able to complete the encirclement of turkey-supported islamists in the middle ( green ) . 
  not any more so than dividing other people into countries they inhabit . 
  and remember , actually reading the description of said arrow is for dumbasses outside it . 
  real hipsters do n't read rules before defecating on conversation topic . 
  as with all these recent hospital bombings , regardless of the party committing them , they were pretty messed up and it 's pretty difficult to understand if the goal is to get msf to stop providing support to local enemies of the bombing party , of militants were using it as a base that was bombed as such , or if it was a miss . 
  considering that they 're in a middle of massive push right now , `` militants were using it as base or made it seem like it '' seems like a more obvious answer . 
  syrians are really trying to seal the corridor to turkey to prevent resupply of islamists and critical bombing targets are likely far too plentiful for bombers to have time to spend on secondary targets in relation to actual ongoing assault . 
  sucks to be a msf medic recently . 
  russians now joined nato in questionable list of parties that hit their hospitals with devastating results lately . 
  now i 'm curious . 
  are you suggesting that people in germany had much more of a choice as to participate in events in their country of nazi germany as poles in theirs if they happened to disagree with hitler 's and his party 's policies ? 
  that sounds a whole lot like what you 're saying , and that 's exactly what he was making a point at being terrible for everyone involved . 
  never seen those descriptions on my travels . 
  i have seen other three . 
  do remember to minus this post as well , as you do with all the other ones i post . 
  you mean entire finland , surely ? 
  why segregate ? 
  actually , all three are used interchangeably in various regions with various english dialects : 1 . 
  ring 2 . 
  circle 3 . 
  orbit but no , i 'm apparently not well travelled and bad at english because i have pointed out that `` ring '' you see on the actual road signs is swedish . 
  actually , that 's swedish . 
  they have to print the signs in both finnish and swedish because there 's more than 3k or more than 8 % swedish or as first language residents in helsinki , vantaa and espoo . 
  sad . 
  that means that legacy of ussr and memory of what it was like when people censored stuff because folks on top wanted them to is starting to fade . 
  on the `` bright '' side , that means they 're westernising their print media . 
  that 's how it works here , you do what people paying you want you to do , or you are fired . 
  intercept is on top of it as usual . 
  always a good read on what big empires around the world do to make sure that their constituents think the way they want them to think . 
  usa and france outliers on the bottom . 
  what happened to freedom fries ? 
  fun detail . 
  there 's more enough refugees in russia for them to flood europe if they wanted to without any escalation in syria . 
   usage of banned munitions . 
  you know you 're looking at a propaganda shill when they have to result to bold faced lies because facts just are n't on their side . 
  how about you direct your question at eu and us officials who both slapped anti-dumping tariffs on chinese steel recently ? 
  they have quite a bit of it . 
  `` finland ends at circle road # 3 '' . 
  logic . 
  they have done it before and found guilty . 
  other states have done same thing before , including eu . 
  when it looks like a wolf , runs like a wolf and howls like a wolf , it 's probably not a sheep . 
  i still remember when my current home city of tampere was considered a village by eu rules because in spite of having over 200.000 people living in it and being 3rd biggest city in the country . 
  it was too big in terms of geographic size and as a result had a very low population density .
