  i suspect that is a different angle from one being pursued by those making this argument . 
  that does n't surprise me at all . 
  just the tip . 
  ignore the shaft behind it . 
  and the huge guy behind it . 
  false . 
  article 5 does not say anything about `` defence '' . 
  it merely states that attack on one is attack on all . 
  like most post-ww2 us treaties , it 's well written to maximize their mobility in terms of policy without conflicting with the language of the treaty . 
  so they could just as well do nothing after a potential attack , and still be in compliance . 
  we 've seen this in turkey-greek war over cyprus . 
  `` sure , we view it as attack on us , but we choose to do nothing to respond , because we are a sovereign state and we are not bound to produce a specific response '' . 
  nato presents a specific tool of value to us , that being a tool of imperial force projection through territories of its allies and armies of its allies . 
  trump represents the old , pre-ww2 us isolationism to an extent , where us focuses on internal problems before external ones . 
  this would be a major policy reversal since ww2 , but it would not be anything new for us and its relations with the rest of the world . 
  pretty sure the moment it tries to stand up , it 's going to be put down by a hail of bullets . 
  as has happened before to every pan-european empire . 
  interesting . 
  certainly anecdotal , but it 's still a one data point . 
  i 'll look into this further when i have the time . 
  thanks for your time . 
  i can tell you one thing . 
  if there is going to be a european government , it 's going to preside over a small handful of states . 
  that 's a result of urbanisation . 
  that is rural folks moving to the urban centres . 
  and folks who have lived in said urban centres are moving to other countries . 
  urbanisation is a major element in essentially all modern europe . 
  but people from rural regions generally do not move abroad , but to the cities of the same country . 
  it 's the same in france , uk , sweden , finland , austria and so on . 
  pretty much everywhere . 
  that 's why i 'm asking if you have any detailed info that would dispute this widely documented status quo . 
  it would among other thing demonstrate that rural people are far more metropolitan than they have been in the past . 
  for those interested , there is a way to largely avoid it by blocking most of the addresses microsoft uses to collect this data on your firewall ( you can use firewall on your router , or you can install a free software firewall like comodo and add addresses to block list manually ) . 
  one of the most up to date lists can be found here : https://forums.untangle.com/web-filter/35894-blocking-windows-10-spying-telemetry.html there are quite a few others , found with a google search . 
  but you need to spend the effort on blocking these addresses , and keeping an eye for updates as microsoft usually adds new servers to collect spying data as old ones get blocked . 
  and if you think this is nothing , people have found chunks of microphone recordings and webcam recordings in the `` telemetry '' being sent to microsoft . 
  better not say anything suspicious or accidentally walk in front of your turned on laptop 's webcam naked . 
  most likely reasons is the rise of tourism , more efficient tax collection and turkey basically shooting itself in both feet over last year . 
  there 's also the fact that shipping industry is slowly rising again , and the fact that chinese are investing heavily into greece , and they 're paying taxes . 
  actually you do n't have to . 
  most of your debt at this point is basically zero cost debt that does n't need to be repaid for another 30 years or so . 
  it would make little sense to start repaying it early . 
  greece can also beat turkey when it comes to tourism popularity . 
  it 's two birds with one shot . 
  and considering how well turkey is shooting itself in all relevant extremities right now , i think you can expect even better tourist season for remainder of this year . 
  i 'll drink some tea to you getting back on your feet using this . 
   those nurses you 've mentioned as an example are exactly `` poorer people from rural areas '' . 
  so that 's what i find contradictory . 
  do you have some special information source in this regard ? 
  overwhelming majority of gasarbeiter nurses , construction workers , plumbers and other lower education specialists we had coming here ( including from poland , through ours are mostly from baltics and spain ) are city dwellers . 
  condom sales from all thee 17 year old females with sex drive of sex hungry pumas and who can bang young men without being looked at funny by society ? 
  can you imagine the money our societies would save on cosmetic surgery if all those 40 + ladies would just get refugee status instead of going under the knife ? 
  could you expand on what you find to be contradictory ? 
  i never stated that poorer people from rural areas are leaving . 
  i made it fairly clear above that those that are leaving are specialists from city dwelling lower middle class . 
  that 's why i listed things like nurses as examples . 
  these people do not earn enough to be able to fly back to country of origin easily , and they 're usually young enough to not have family back home holding them either . 
  so the result is that they leave in great numbers . 
  we 're seeing this across eastern europe , and it 's one of their great challenges as countries today . 
  on the second point , if young people who are still in the country are `` more right wing then their parents '' , then poland is truly shifting to the right hard . 
  it 's common that people start off being leftists , and slowly gravitate towards the right wing ideals as they mature . 
  partly true , but . 
  places like us usually avoid openly sponsoring such programs nowadays . 
  it 's bad pr . 
  they live it to commercial independent organisations . 
  russia appears to have kept things official , and that bit it in the ass here . 
  before someone goes `` but they 're all doping '' . 
  they are . 
  all of them . 
  you 're not going into olympics if you do n't . 
  the issue here is that state did n't just tacitly allow this as it happens in places like us , but actually sponsored the program . 
  you win . 
  your second point appears odd . 
  it hangs on the assumption that english would be vastly interested in holding on to thier union with scotland . 
  and yet , poor english do not appear to care about scotland all that much . 
  it 's the elite that want to keep it , as well as brutal realists ( i.e. 
  uk 's sole nuclear submarine port , etc ) . 
  i can understand the rest of your points , if i 'm thinking to have rosy `` we 're not going to leave regardless , politicians are on our side '' glasses on . 
  you could be right however . 
  we 'll see in a year or so . 
  your `` evidence '' is a shitty reddit post from `` badhistory '' reddit and a random site made by a man who has been dead for a while . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  that said , it does say a lot about how you source your information . 
  makes sense considering what you commonly peddle . 
   because nazis rising to power democratically is a very common claim . 
  only among people like yourself . 
  even neo-nazis i know of do not warp history that much to peddle their propaganda . 
  the question list stands . 
  please do n't divert attention from them and answer them . 
   you 've got to be kidding me . 
  you mention the most surface , shallow elements of a culture . 
  religion is one of the most important and defining aspects of a people . 
  only for fanatically religious people . 
  in modern europe , your clothes will likely be more important than your religion for your culture . 
  most people in london will not care if you 're a buddhist , christian or atheist . 
  but they will care if your shoes are always dirty , and your hair looks unkempt . 
  same applies to people in paris , berlin , copenhagen , stockholm and helsinki . 
  again , you are projecting a completely different culture from across the ocean . 
   and , besides , the referendum was n't legally binding so they can sweep their asses with it if they want to and it 'd be still democracy no , that would be wiping one 's asses with democracy , and the nature of having a republic . 
  it would also be extremely destabilizing , as it would demonstrate to already heavily disgruntled populace that their democratic vote is not respected by governing elite .
