  that only applies to legitimate refugees fleeing from immediate warzone . 
  not illegal economic migrants , or legitimate refugees already in a safe state . 
  especially so if they also commit a crime by pay criminals to subvert measures preventing their illegal entry . 
  there are plenty of ways to legally migrate to europe . 
  you can be someone with expertise needed and come to work . 
  you can marry someone here ( genuine rather than fake marriage , so there are limitation here obviously ) . 
  you can invest enough money in some eu states to get citizenship straight up . 
  you can migrate back if you have roots here . 
  the rest is extremely naive `` world citizen '' bullshittery that does n't survive any kind of contact with reality . 
  i 'm seriously stating the fact that companies do everything to avoid doing both , and pro-business lobby happily helps them do it . 
  that 's why pro-business organisations routinely rank african countries as top investment environments in the world . 
  not surprisingly , those are also top countries when it comes to poverty numbers . 
  in other words , you will not live the way you preach . 
  fortunate for you . 
  living as you preach is not good for anyone 's health . 
  no , i 'm talking about * law of the land * . 
  international law is strictly not * law of the land * . 
  these people are overwhelmingly african , and no , neither us nor uk are bombing them . 
  one should not throw rocks around when one lives in a house of glass . 
  consider not talking about `` ignorance of others '' in the future . 
   no , you are lying . 
  people have options to vote themselves out of poverty , instead they choose to vote communists and socialists and what not instead of a government that focuses on business-friendly policies . 
  let me see if i get this straight . 
  to get out of poverty , people should vote for rights of business to strip country bare and share none of the spoils with the citizenry ? 
  you are the caricature of the extemist capitalist naivete . 
  may i point out that there 's a very easy solution to your problem . 
  migrate to an illiberal islamic country . 
  you will be saved the horrible problems of having to address factual claims that you disagree with , as regimes will largely protect you from them . 
  all you need to handle is much more terrorism . 
  but you already stated that terrorism is much lesser problem than criticism of your ideological position , so it should be an easy choise . 
   in finland we moved from institutions to `` open care '' ( avohoito ) where the patients do their own stuff as they can and few times a week they go/somebody comes to check that everything is ok . at the same time they help they do therapy . 
  it 's much better for the patient ( both mentally and therapeutically ) and cheaper for the state , too - keeping them locked in institution costs about 10 000 euros per week ( and this was few years back ) . 
  according to the friends i have in that area from my army days , with whom i stayed in touch , your description is between `` extremely rosy '' and `` just plain wrong '' . 
  old system allowed people who needed help to actually get help and if possible get on their feet . 
  new system is literally about `` we 'll keep you alive , the company responsible will cash in the profit and no one will care about you or your well being in reality '' . 
  same applies to elderly care . 
  institutions are often the best place , but they are expensive . 
  hence the policy to close them down across western world and privatisation of remaining services in order to trim the public sector . 
  i observed this with elderly part of care recently myself , as my grandmother who passed away recently suffered from severe psychosis due to chemical disbalance in her brain at the end of her life . 
  the avohoito people failed miserably , and that is a kind overestimation of their ability to actually perform necessary services . 
  you had literally people who would come in the morning to give her her medicine , not give a flying fuck about the fact that you could not give medicine with specific kind of food as it would not get properly absorbed , mark it as `` medicine taken '' , feed her at the same time with exact food that would prevent medicine absorbtion and be done with it . 
  when confronted , reason they gave was `` we have many other patients , so we can not stay long enough to do it properly '' . 
  once she was finally institutionalized after a long fight with authorities , she quickly got much better in terms of her psychosis because nurses actually followed up the proper procedures in taking medicine , meaning it could actually take effect . 
  sadly by that time , it was mostly too late and much of the damage had been done . 
  institutions are expensive . 
  but they are also far better at handling problem , and have a reasonably good chance of actually making person functional . 
  `` cheap care '' that keeps people ill and dependent for remainer of their lives is extremely expensive in long term , as costs accumulate rapidly . 
  they are not being blamed for * wanting * to come . 
  they are being blamed for * illegally migrating , ignoring state sovereignty and law of the land * . 
  want all your want . 
  no one will blame you for that . 
  but do not come here , breaking the laws of the land and complain that you 're expected to follow the law of the land . 
  what refugees ? 
  these are illegal immigrants . 
  another lie . 
  those left behind often do not have a choice in the matter . 
  that view is obviously not arbitrary in any shape or form , but a specific and coherent policy , which is largely shared world wide . 
  its absense in eu is in fact causing a huge human tragedy among those left behind , to the point where it 's an open secret that governments of said states are desperate for eu to do something , anything to help the brain drain . 
  at the same time , rules to avoid this problem are in place in overwhelming majority of the world . 
   you and commentors like you , are a bigger part of the problem than the actual terrorists . 
  i rest my case on subject of your lack of mental capacity to discuss this issue . 
  then you are lying , as i have no such views , and i never claimed to hold them . 
  which is a bad move . 
  people like this need to be treated , not left to rot in their own juices . 
  especially when their disorders are frankly this `` special '' . 
  no , my argument is based on reality . 
  terrorism , especially islamic terrorism is based on the geopolitical facts that are worsening and needs urgent counteraction to prevent explosive growth . 
  none of the things you compared it to are . 
  your argument is entirely based on emotion and false analogies . 
  you have chosen not to present a single fact , and you have chosen to instead attack me and not even interact with point i raise . 
  arbitrary ? 
  the damage is very specific . 
  and yes , societies tend to go to great lengths to restict individual freedom to reduce societal damage . 
  consult both civil and criminal law in your country for details . 
  so let me see . 
  her entire array of the problems is basically `` i 'm super special '' . 
  ca n't leave house , ca n't eat solid food , etc. 
  all because of `` complex mental problems '' . 
  put this person into mental institution and get her back on her feet . 
  that 's what psychiatrists are for . 
  you made a direct comparison between these causes of death . 
  i make a specific point on the fact that these causes of death have a dramatically different mechanism behind them , that makes them incomparable . 
  personal attack on me over pointing this problem in your argument out is uncalled for . 
  world is generally very , very fucked when it comes to governance . 
  get out of your country and visit asia , south america and africa to find out more . 
  i 'd also recommend middle east , but that trip is a bit too dangerous for a westerner today . 
  governance as a whole , not just political government . 
  the fact that their country 's governance is functional in spite of the fact that political government is a shitshow is a testament to good governance . 
  ignoring those risks does n't increase them . 
  ignoring terrorism increases its risk . 
  and eventually you arrive at a point where risk of dying from terrorism is in fact greater than these , as is the case in many countries already . 
  going to be interesting considering it was never a part of it in the first place . 
  i just want to point out , by this logic , any preventative actions taken toward individuals hurting the society is bad . 
  which is why that logic is rather silly . 
   it 's not . 
  give doi or a full citation referencing the exact page where the cited claim is on claim is too wide to be referenced by a single page . 
  and no , `` i could n't be bothered to read relevant text because there 's too much of it '' is not an excuse in academia . 
  well , maybe it is in some shitty unaccredited university . 
  tell you what . 
  i 'll agree to answer that slur of yours masquerading as a question if you address my points so far .
