   yeah , if well-calculated is having one of the worst images in the west and even in the world , sanctions imposed on them , and more and more enemies in their neighbourhood , then maybe . 
  also , how come if russia is so well-calculated , why do they have problems with neighbours arming themselves ? 
  oh , right , that 's all us to blame , nothing to do with russia . 
  another case to point to above . 
  this is continuation of the same knee-jerk reaction , and is essentially a copy-paste of propagandist drivel . 
  i made it fairly clear to you above that i do not view russia as a net positive . 
  i merely view it as just another state we have to deal with , that also happens to have a mutual border and imperial interests . 
   yet another 1:1 element from russian propaganda . 
  yes , we 're part of the west and willingly so . 
  yes , our voice is very small and uninfluential , but it 's still there . 
  this part is actually 100 % factual . 
  you chose to serve an imperial master . 
  nato is overwhelmingly about extending reach of us foreign policy to sovereign allies . 
  and then some people in your country have used this servant contract for their own political gains . 
  if specific part of `` russian propaganda '' aligns with the reality , does that make reality into `` russian propaganda '' ? 
  your views appear to suggest so , as you consistently turn away from reality when it matches with `` russian propaganda '' , systemically using the `` but it 's russian propaganda , so it should be ignored '' as justification . 
  the most glaring example of it was the issue of judenfrei - a well established historic fact , that you went to systemically belittle and deny , just based on the fact that it happened to align with `` russian propaganda '' . 
  that alone was sufficient for you to react the way you did . 
  one of the things you 'll get as you mature as a state is comprehension of importance of truth regardless of the identity of one saying it . 
   no , that 's not it . 
  but how do you think some today 's russian , or separatist dnr-lnr flags are felt by estonians ? 
  not positiviely , i tell you . 
  and i completely agree with these estonians . 
  but when you first institute massive systemic discrimination , and then march us tanks through the region that is overwhelmingly anti-nato , what other means do these people really have to get the message of `` we disagree with your policies '' to the rest of the country ? 
  i would argue that your solution of crackdown is the exact opposite of `` civilized '' approach you argue for later in your post . 
  i often call upon estonians to consider the finnish model instead . 
  large scale autonomous regions , with two official languages across the entire state and if necessary third language locally that entire state bureaucracy must accept in all their interactions with citizenry . 
  that helps people understand that no matter what their ethnicity and native language , they are people of their nationstate first . 
  that 's how we quelled most of the swedish separatism after our independence . 
  not by cracking down , but by giving them rights to be swedish in finland . 
  and yes , they have a largely parallel society in the west of the country , and humorously refer to themselves as `` better people '' . 
  but they 're still finnish swedes , and not swedish . 
  they 're our people . 
  and that is probably the most important thing of all . 
  your russians need to be accepted as `` our people '' by ethnic estonians , just as much as they need to view themselves as `` estonian russians '' rather than `` russians '' . 
  and cracking down does n't let this attitude emerge - instead it drives division . 
  i wo n't tell you that our model would work verbatim in your country . 
  that is frankly naive to the extreme . 
  but i think there are things you could learn from our approach to our similar problem . 
   it was in the third largest city of estonia and it was the independence day of estonia , where it is a tradition to show military equipment , and which is also known to switch between estonian towns . 
  then perhaps you should have paraded with estonian troops and not foreign ones that you knew were overwhelmingly opposed in the region ? 
  see , when people see foreign troops they oppose , they do n't see a `` friendly parade '' . 
  they see an `` occupation '' . 
  that is universal among people . 
  you can see the same thing across the world if you look around , ranging from soviet troops marching in places that were looking to secede from warsaw pact to us marches in some of the more hostile client states . 
  in fact , us largely gave up on such marching in most places for this very reason - it breeds hostility among locals . 
   no , you do n't . 
  your politicians might do for reasons we discussed , but finns in general are even more against putin 's russia than baltics . 
  just take a look . 
  and the finns i 've had contact with only displayed disgust when they talked about russia . 
  you just suggested that these things are the same : 1 . 
  people of the state . 
  state . 
  leadership of the state . 
  i 'll just assume this is a result of being thoroughly propagandised and not an intentional act of malicious arguing . 
  i also want to point out that your consequent outpouring on the topic of :  you have a history of doing just this with the nazi germany , with which you clearly have n't come to terms to this date . 
  is well demonstrated in your followup . 
  for example , judenfrei is not an `` invention of russian propaganda '' . 
  it 's a real thing . 
  look here for a good primer : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judenfrei estonia was proudly presented as the first ever judenfrei state by estonian ss . 
  that 's a major historic issue , and one of quite a few that you clearly have n't come to terms with yet . 
  make no mistake , it is a major issue , especially to anyone who finds policies of holocaust to be a problem , which is a lot of people world wide . 
  the fact that you genuinely have n't heard about this from other than `` russian propaganda '' demonstrates just how much your state is still in public denial of its own actions . 
   there 's much estonia needs to learn , and attitude towards russia might be also to improve . 
  but when we look at estonia 's and russia 's international positions , i feel very confident that we 're the ones being more civilized here . 
  that is a very loaded word to use . 
  if by civilized you mean `` civilizationally mature '' , russians have a clear lead . 
  they are far better at statecraft than you are , not only because of their long term imperial status , but because of them having maintained their relevant bureaucratic staff responsible for setting long term , well calculated foreign policy . 
  if on the other hand you mean more `` westernised in its approach '' , then you most certainly are . 
  thing is , being western in foreign policy is not `` better '' . 
  it simply puts you in a different camp with a different master to whom you are subordinate . 
  and if you mean `` tries to follow civilizational developments like human rights , rule of law , low corruption and so on '' , then you are most certainly correct . 
  this is the point in which russia has serious problems , and you most certainly lead them on these fronts . 
   i hope you are right , but i 've also got personal experiences that were far worse . 
  i advise you to come on 9th may . 
  you could n't distinguish it from russia in any way . 
  you 'll also find some lnr and dnr flags , soviet ones etc. 
  sorry , but at such times , you ca n't sense an inch of ` estonian-ness ' in them . 
  so you think that defeating nazi germany and ending a brutal war was not a good thing ? 
  ooooooookay . 
  we fought on the other side , and then we had to eject the german troops , and even we wo n't go that far . 
  i am genuinely flabbergasted . 
  and if you 're worried about `` flag waving '' , consider the point below one more time . 
  there 's a reason why folks in crimea were overwhelmingly for rebelling against ukraine and joining russia to the point where annexation was essentially bloodless - something almost unheard of in human history . 
   i 'm sorry you met such idiots , but it 's a huge stretch to generalize it to the entire nation sadly these `` idiots '' were very smart , wealthy people in upper echelons of power . 
  as such , even if they are not representative `` of the entire nation '' , they are most certainly representative of the leaders , and those that set policy both on state and private level . 
  the unfortunate reality is that there was * zero * controversy about it . 
  even russians were generally accepting of it , because they had no choice . 
  it 's a problem you as a nation will have to eventually deal with , because if you do n't , you 'll never integrate those they discriminate against . 
  and when you have a large minority of those that experience systemic ( as opposed to individual/random ) discrimination , you get folks like crimeans . 
  who start looking for grass that is greener on the outside , because they ca n't realise their dreams inside . 
   hyperbole squared . 
  estonian-russian border is , in most part , just a lake and a river , a natural obstacle . 
  the southern part used to be a plain forest , with some dated signs telling you 've crossed border . 
  yes , narva river . 
  the one us main battle tanks were marched along a couple of years ago . 
  and the bush , one on which the estonian security agent was `` picking berries '' with a loaded gun and several thousands of euros in cash . 
  it was a really funny case . 
  our papers were full of `` picking berries , estonia style '' satire at the time , since the official line had to be of support . 
   and for the last part , i do n't have anything against having good relations with russia .
