  former 's borders can be secured , and elite will actually have a meaningful chance of controlling them to an extent due to natural barrier presented by the ocean . 
  latter 's borders are effectively impossible to secure , regardless of elite 's actions . 
  this is especially well demonstrated in egypt , which is unable to control it 's own borders in spite of massive army which is effectively a `` state within state '' and has been completely bribed by both us and eu and is a longstanding ally to both to bring some semblance of control to its borders . 
  even in those circumstances , it 's simply unable to do so . 
  because porous ground borders drawn by a ruler are almost impossible to secure when poor , aided by criminal elements want out . 
  all that pressuring elite in such a country further will do is cause elite to attempt to clamp down , which results in more oppression , which results in even more poor fleeing the country . 
  now i know that you 're either lying about your merits on the case , or you did n't read the thread . 
  i specifically identified two items : 1 . 
  rosneft 2 . 
  railways . 
  1 is a holder of massive amount of oil and gas fields , both current and future . 
  considering that we 're having a massive lack of investment in oil today , it means that in half a decade to a decade , we 're going to have a massive hydrocarbon price rebound , making the investment attractive . 
  2 is the key in the modern silk road , essentially anything you need shipped between europe and asia within a week that is too heavy for aircraft is going through russia 's rail . 
  not to mention that anything you need to ship to and from landlocked nations in the middle has to go through those when it 's not piped oil and gas . 
  importance of this is not going away unless you 're considering that either europe or asia are going to completely economically collapse in near future . 
  because it 's already happening right now ? 
  or are you suggesting that our problem is solely with migration of the wealthy ? 
  as i note , that would simply worsen rather than improve the problem . 
  you seem to assume that people of the ruling class have control over the situation , when in reality elites mainly control big cities and some stretches of the border , and rest is largely uncontrollable . 
  so their ability to control illegal migration , especially in north africa where borders are drawn with a ruler and barely exist for locals is non-existent . 
  sure , you can penalize them for that , they will crack down even harder on their poor fleeing masses who in turn will respond by fleeing in even bigger numbers . 
  the problem with your logic is assumption of europe-style control of elites over citizens of their countries . 
  there is no such thing in north africa . 
  reminder : it 's not just that they do n't accept repatriations . 
  many of the people being repatriated can block repatriation by simply making a fuss when they are being taken on the plane , resulting in captain refusing to take them on . 
  or they can vanish as they commonly do today . 
  even if you got countries like morocco to accept their repatriated citizens back , most people would simply resist harder during repatriation , and the moment they got back , they would simply leave to try again . 
  all you would get is even more migration , even more violent resistance to repatriation and even more conflict in countries from which people are emigrating . 
  kindly point it out to me . 
  i like how you repeat all the same debunked arguments , and then end your post with a threat . 
  classy to the end . 
  very light in comparison . 
  katyn was minor in comparison to massive purge that stalin orchestrated among soviet elites on multiple occasions . 
  you 're looking at at least two orders of magnitude smaller . 
  current inflow is n't about people with visas either . 
  they do n't actually travel just in boats . 
  large migratory stream goes overland through turkey . 
  you seem to imply that rewards for walking in tallinn are different from rewards for walking in mosul . 
  this would be necessary for the analogy to make any sense . 
  reminder : investment activity is about getting appropriate profit for risk you take . 
  not about walking on the street . 
   because : regardless of a person 's actions , the person can not sign a contract in a legal way . 
  the contract is illegal and not legally binding . 
  that is fully correct . 
  however , he signed it . 
  he just did it . 
  illegally , but he did it . 
  you seem to not understand the fact that signing a contract you have no right to sign has no impact any more than a criminal on the street signing order for government to allow him to mug people . 
  there is no contract in this regard , because no one who could actually form a contract was a party . 
  in the exact same way , there is no consent in child and adult sexual situation , because there is no party on behalf of the child that could give consent . 
  your mindless refusal to accept this fact and continuing with your debunked argument is pointless . 
  this is the last time i will make this point . 
  ** when party has no ability to give consent , no consent can be given , regardless of actions of party that can not give consent . 
  as a finn , i 'm on board . 
  shame we 're not as egalitarian . 
  no , you share borders with a lot of countries , and there is no large mass of cold water separating you from everyone else . 
  as a result , it 's much harder to control your borders against illegal immigration . 
  a very good demonstration of the differences between quality of borders and government ability to secure them can be found by looking at ww2 . 
  uk 's reasons why it wants to `` fuck off '' are alltogether different . 
  they are not in shengen in the first place , and there 's really only one good point of entry from mainland europe to uk . 
  you must have never actually done any investing research outiside first world if this is somehow surprising enough to be worth noting after my initial post . 
  to reiterate : that risk exists in every country in the world . 
  that is why you balance risk and reward . 
  as already stated above , if person is not of age of consent , signing a contract that requres consent can not be done , because said person * can not consent regardless of their actions * . 
  you are attempting to suggest that * such person taking various actions means that this person can consent * . 
  again . 
  ** regardless of person 's actions ** person underage can not consent . 
  using actions of said person to suggest consent is patently stupid , because these actions do not change the fact that said person can not consent regardless of his/her actions . 
  your pretentious bs about it being completely possible for children to sign away their sexual consent and even organs to adults is abhorrent to any decent human being . 
  seek help . 
  then you get even more inflow from said country and problem gets bigger . 
  your move . 
  effectively that is the case right now . 
  laws address specific people , and people who arrive presenting fake papers and able to change identity on demand are effectively outside the reach of the law , as their new identity , unless successfully linked to previous one is innocent of anything they did under their old identity . 
  and since even if caught , they can not be deported , you get a situation where people feel that they have effective legal immunity . 
  how would changing the laws help if people in question effectively operate outside the reach of the laws ? 
  does n't work for citizens . 
  just for people already registered on fake papers who were n't registered in any way in the country before that . 
  `` do n't argue with an idiot . 
  he 'll take you down to his level and then beat you with his experience '' . 
  staying in line with your argument , factually , if you get a child to sign away his kidney , liver , heart and life , in your consistent opinion , that was consentual because child was of the opinion that he should do that . 
  your point of view on children and consent is abhorrent to any reasonable human being . 
  it 's monstrous . 
  this is not an interpretation of the law . 
  this is the law . 
  age of consent is a universal term and means the age at which person can give consent to specific actions . 
  other similar age barriers exist for various other actions , such as signing legal contracts in their own name , being able to make personal decisions in relation to things such as medical condition of oneself and so on . 
  for one last time : you can not give consent to sex before you are of age where you can give consent to sex . 
  just like you can not donate your kidney with just your consent before you are of legal age to be able to give consent . 
  just because you talk the child into it does n't make it any more consentual of an act . 
  again . 
  you can not give consent when you are not of age that lets you . 
  the only thing that changes is amount of coercion used by the adult . 
  what you appear to be thinking of as `` consent '' is actually `` minimal amount of coercion '' . 
  i genuinely wonder where this recent `` practising pedophilia is fine because child can consent to sex '' bs comes from . 
  it 's not hard , but impossible . 
  locking them would require actually getting them convicted which is nigh impossible due to identification problems and their ability to simply change identities . 
  deporting them requires target country to actually accept them , which they generally do not . 
  who came to state that court has no jurisdiction because it does n't among their main arguments . 
  relevant statement from your article : `` russia is not obliged to abide by the decisions of the echr , adding that the enforcement of decisions is ` goodwill ' on the part of a member country of the council of europe '' .
