  merely reminding of it and using it as a case to point . 
  i 'm not seeing any significant problems of this nature among the right wing . 
  they have always been more individualistic , which inoculates against this particular influence . 
  they certainly have to pay lip service to an extent , as otherwise the islamophilic mob would descend and destroy as it does to everyone else . 
  but they 're not actively pushing for such policies . 
  left is . 
  it does n't make them an ally of us leftists who are not structurally marxist and islamophilic . 
  they still diverge on important issues such as state 's role in ensuring well being of its people for example . 
  pew research is gold standard of doing studies and that particular study focused on european muslims , which is what makes it even more worrying . 
  when you go wordwide , there was a study for that too . 
  iirc we were looking at something between 80-90 % of people supporting death penalty for apostasy . 
  major outliers were not turks . 
  they were islamic former soviet states . 
  turks were outliers on rule of secular law . 
  likely because of ataturk 's legacy , which is being erazed by erdogan as we speak . 
  actually that line has been overwhelmingly spearheaded by the left . 
  churchill had strong left leanings in his youth . 
  hence his famous `` if you have n't been a communist in your youth , you have no heart '' quote . 
  you should always expect horniness . 
  it is . 
  this is about tallinn-helsinki route , which is overwhelmingly filled with booze tourists and construction gastarbeiters . 
  if you go on a cruise , the crowd is completely different . 
  iceland is the only country in the world where bankers who caused the meltdown in 2007 went to jail . 
  this guy is fucked . 
  that 's not what treaty says . 
  treaty has specific milestones . 
  increasing the number of warheads between milestones for modernisation is not in breach of it . 
  treaty was specifically written in this way to allow for modernisation of arsenals , in hope that more modern weapons would mean less weapons in total . 
  which is what is happening . 
  the article attempts to obfuscate this fact and paint russia as being in breach , but in fact states very clearly , through only as a conclusion after long tirade over `` evil russia '' topic :  the 2010 treaty requires both sides to reduce deployed warheads to 1,550 by february 2018 . 
   hans kristensen , a well-known arms control researcher at the washington-based nonprofit federation of american scientists , attributed the uptick in russian warheads likely to a third new model ballistic-missile submarine that went into service last year . 
   `` but russia is nonetheless expected to reach the treaty limit by 2018 , '' he wrote in a blog post . 
  so basically white house runs the official propaganda line of `` evil russia in breach of yet another treaty '' , which is not supported by neutral parties looking into the subject . 
  practice critical thinking when reading press releases of any state 's official pr arm . 
  do n't be a sucker . 
  you are grossly misinformed . 
  us is importing iraqi oil to this date in large numbers . 
  official us energy information administration figures below : https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/hist/leafhandler.ashx?n=pet&amp;s=mttimiz1&amp;f=m, 
  no , remnants of weapons of mass destruction are no more weapons of mass destruction than foundation under the ruins is a liveable house . 
  we know they had chemical weapons in the past . 
  anfal campaign showed that , and much of the materiel supplied for the was supplied by western companies . 
  that was never in doubt . 
  what was in doubt , was lied about by our leaders and used as excuse to start the war and was found to be lies was the claim of presence of wmds in iraq before the second iraq war . 
  that was a bold faced lie . 
  there were n't any . 
  all they managed to find was the old artillery shells without payload that had some remnants of the payload in lab tests still on them . 
  this is actually about modernization . 
  they roll out new models , then scrap the old ones . 
  you see initial increase in numbers as you ca n't dismantle old models before new ones are in place . 
  then once new models are in place , you scrap the old ones . 
  as for ins , that has been dead and buried since us unilaterally tore it apart by starting its work on ballistic missile shield . 
  conclusion : based on your suggestions so far , we see a clear pattern of military conquest of europe by islamic states through methods you describe above practised in volumes that eclipse those you mention by over thousand times . 
  by your logic , should be not be taking action against this act of war ? 
  sorry but no . 
  essentially entire south-eastern europe hates turkey and islam it tried to push upon people there by sword with burning passion . 
  consult history for relevant reasons . 
  losing tens of thousands yearly to massive slave raids , having a state policy where your firstborn child is taken away from you and forcibly converted to islam and conscripted into turkish shock troops and other similar policies does that to people . 
  actually , that decision was likely the standard `` attackers are villains and defenders are good guys '' assumption . 
  there 's very little doubt on who started this particular fight in the long conflict over the region . 
  most of the european countries on the map never took part in any kind of colonisation . 
  if anything , they were `` colonized '' or more specifically conquered by other european states at the time , or were n't even born yet . 
  which is why they are the premiere sex tourism state in the world . 
  they may not be `` broken '' , but they sure bend over a lot for the folks from other states in comparison to any of their neighbours . 
  is this the time when we once again link that pew study on the fact that overwhelming majority of muslims supports death as punishment for apostasy ? 
  because i 'm getting tired of `` not all muslims '' bullshit . 
  not all , certainly , but an overwhelming majority . 
  because it is an issue on the left . 
  it 's the left that is currently been usurped by useful idiots who are more than willing to criticise all religions except islam for not sharing secular humanitarian values . 
  but the religion that violates those rights more so than any other by a huge margin , islam , any critique of it is off limits . 
  any critic will be slandered as racist , islamophobe and similar name calling . 
  this slander is n't coming from the right . 
  it 's coming from the left . 
  and that is the problem . 
  left has gone from being a progressive force to a regressive force . 
  and this is something that we on the left need to work on fixing . 
  they are rational in that azerbaijan is still an islamic state , and as such should be protected from attacks from unbelievers . 
  logic of is dictates that in situation where lands of a califate , which by definition means any land that is or was occupied by islamic entity are in danger from heathens , they need to be protected from said heathens . 
  heretical shias can be killed after their usefulness as vanguard against unbelievers has been exhausted . 
  it had a mandate signed by georgia among other parties to be responsible for peacekeeping for the region . 
  georgia unilaterally violated this agreement when it attacked south ossetia . 
  i once again urge you to try this concept known as `` reading the actual argument , and not inventing one and then trying to address it '' . 
  because doing what you are doing just makes it look like you have no counter argument and compulsion to somehow deny reality . 
  which considering the topic and your attempted reasoning is a likely scenario . 
  i 'm yet to meet a muslim apostate that did n't get royally fucked by his supposed muslim peers when they found out about his apostasy . 
  it 's eastern europe . 
  if you think that is bad , visit russia or non-eu eastern european states sometime . 
  eu has tried to purge some of the corruption and have been in part successful . 
  that 's why these countries are a lot less corrupt than their more eastern counterparts . 
  but there 's still a ton of work , and likely several generational changes to be done before it can really get to the level we have in western and northern europe . 
  if ever . 
  perhaps you should try reading what you 're replying to next time . 
  religion of apostates ? 
  perhaps you should ask for confirmation from overwhelming majority of those you imply share it with you . 
  their reaction should tell you everything you need to know whether or not you are a muslim or an apostate . 
  warning : depending on state in which you reside , you may not survive the experience . 
  regardless of state you reside in , you should expect severe consequences , ranging from direct violence to hounding and percecution from local muslim community and their supporters . 
  it helps with maintenance if you have a populated region . 
  some have obviously been abandoned due to urbanization . 
  you 'll find abandoned villages and small towns pretty much everywhere nowadays , across the globe . 
  you are apparently unaware of existence of chemical sewage systems .
