  the main difference between russia and us is that russia is at the end point of capitalism - oligarchy . 
  us is just on the path toward it . 
  so is eu , but at far further away stage . 
  if anything , it was the eu-russia alliance was that the scary part for us . 
  that was likely the main reason to pop the ukraine poison pill . 
  eu and russia were getting too close for comfort , and when you combine russia 's diplomatic and geopolitical know how with economic power of eu , you would actually get a peer competitor to us 's position as world 's only superpower . 
  when you consider that eu and us do in fact share very similar cultures in many aspects , and old tradition of liberal democratic values ( only partially shared by russia ) , the us-eu alliance is in fact the most natural one . 
  but that 's a geopolitical alliance , that does n't stop cut throat economic competition . 
  again , it depends on your point of view . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a universal good by any stretch of imagination . 
  the number is likely in three digits per year , as usual . 
  i have n't heard that hellenic air force is doing anything different than before . 
  russians also made a point of flying there like dicks after it happened too , especially after they put that s-300 coverage in range to light up anything that would even try that again like a christimas tree with a fire control radar and routine anti-air patrols with their heavy fighters . 
  ask turkey how that act worked out for them , and why entire world was shocked when it happened . 
  no , it 's an act of border violation . 
  if you want to reply by destroying the violator outright , you can certainly do so . 
  in doing so , you will be branded the aggressor . 
  that 's why greek-turksh border violations that have been ongoing for decades after their war has n't resulted in re-ignition of said war . 
  neither side wants to start a shooting war . 
  so they poke each other 's defenses to map out the weaknesses in case the war does start . 
  but they most certainly avoid actual aggression . 
  we 're talking about makers of these statues . 
  that 's no longer arrogant . 
  that 's just plain stupid . 
  imagining that our people operating these organisations do not need to be paid , nor that infrastructure projects are not going to be very expensive , nor that you will need to pay local war lords for their safety demonstrates incredible arrogance . 
  hint : look up the origin of the word `` technical '' to see what happened to people who thought like you decades ago , except they actually did know that highly skilled people do n't work for free , and building organisations is costly . 
  that is an awful option , because it involves significantly damaging the other party . 
  as such , it 's a significant act of aggression . 
  at the point of first contact , you want the least amount of aggression possible . 
  the goal is to just say `` we know you 're here , get lost '' . 
  not start a shooting war . 
  among allawites and druze , mostly yes . 
  among inland sunni and kurds , no . 
  that 's why there is this civil war going on . 
   we have literally just thrown money at dictators for the past few decades . 
  mostly as bribes as we just described earlier . 
  we have done little else . 
  if this is what you think we have been doing , it 's no wonder you 're spouting the ignorance that we have seen you spout in this thread . 
  in reality , we have done nothing of the sort . 
  overwhelming amount of development aid came with significant caveats to try to prevent dictators from getting their hands on the money . 
  every time it has come to light that they did in fact get their hands on the money anyway , we usually cut aid and introduced new limitations and attempts to stop the embezzlement . 
  you pretentious stipulation that `` we could just do better '' , which is what your silly attempts at analysis and conclusions can be summarized as demonstrate two very bad character flaws : inability to learn from history ( we can solve it anyway , because we 're just that good ! ), 
  and arrogance ( we know how to do it better than locals ! ), 
  overall , you 're espousing ignorance of the actual situation mixed with a disturbing amount of arrogance . 
  this is the exact combination that resulted in outcomes we got for last half a century . 
  i reserve judgement until i see results . 
  right now , our fleets are still serving as means for people smugglers to give illegal migrants even less fuel for their boats . 
   do you see `` give them money to develop '' in that list ? 
  i do in fact see it :  it 's create the sort of socio-economic conditions which wo n't see the country send a bunch of unskilled labourers and their families our way the moment the situation goes to shit . 
  this requires funds . 
  a large amount of funds . 
  usage of which needs to be carefully monitored , and expertly managed . 
  this means that you not only need to sacrifice money , but also very talented people into the said shithole . 
  these people have to be pulled from your states to contribute , as does the money . 
  so i think it 's time you took your own advice :  have a brain , not a heart . 
  right now , you 're all heart and zero brain , as you refuse to see the fact that we have been trying to do your approach for over half a century , and we consistently keep failing . 
  the main driver behind this is blind compassion , coupled with incapability of seeing that true change must happen as it happened in our states . 
  from within . 
  and that requires allowing these countries to actually retain their best people . 
  which are currently fleeing because they know that we are going to give them an easier life . 
  which is true , but also condemns their far more numerous countrymen to torturous existence . 
  that is the dream world . 
  reality is that what you are suggesting is patently stupidly altruistic , because no amount of money you sink into various african utterly corrupt shit holes is going to do anything other than feed the corruption . 
  we have in fact poured money into the region for decades now . 
  corrupt shitholes are just as corrupt , and just as shitty for their people . 
  and with best people leaving , they have no chance of improvement . 
  i do n't dismiss it `` out of hand because it 's altruistic '' . 
  i dismiss it because we have decades of this experience , and we know it does n't work . 
  to argue that stepping on the same rake for tenth time is `` for our own good '' is masochistic to the extreme . 
  `` new routes '' are established by domestic and foreign crime syndicates . 
  double down on cracking down on human smuggling , and there 's soon no one to establish such routes . 
  that 's what intelligence agencies exist for , and they should be put to the task to a much greater degree , and with much stronger mandate to operate abroad in secrecy than they currently have . 
  if necessary , declare human smugglers `` terrorist '' to take advantage of existing regulations and budgets , as they are in fact working to sabotage our states and our people 's wellbeing . 
  the rest of your points can be summed up as `` be altruistic '' . 
  this is an utterly irrelevant point to make . 
  this is not about altruism . 
  this is about reaffirming our sovereignty and commitment to controlling our borders and protecting our people against damage being caused by uncontrolled migration of people that culturally share very little with us . 
  you always pay in some ways . 
  sometimes with money , sometimes with lives , sometimes with bombs . 
  it most certainly does n't have to be cold hard cash . 
  simply saying `` no more aid ( which we know you pocket lion 's share of dear leaders of african shitholes ) '' is going to do wonders to get gears of repatriation going . 
  see a. 
  in case they still disagree , install a government in exile , recognise it as legitimate and make a deal with it . 
  history is choke full of precedents of this . 
  in fact , this is what we 're essentially doing with syria right now in large part , recognising entities like kurdish leadership as legitimate leaders and making deals with them as if they were such . 
  if migrant crisis is like obesity , all you need to do to cure it is to stop being lazy and start jogging off those kilos . 
  flair on that guy is german . 
  get a deal with any of the governments or install a `` government in exile '' . 
  use this deal to drop people off in secured parts of the coast line . 
  history is choke full of precedents for such arrangements . 
  libyans do not have the hardware to police their own borders against such operations . 
  note how i did n't say a word about secularity of the government . 
  i merely pointed out that your quip about `` democratically elected '' does not mean the same thing as it means in the west , because west has liberal demoracies , whereas syria is distinctly illiberal . 
  as a point of comparison . 
  dprk is also an illiberal democracy , and yes , north korean government is legitimate government . 
  you can actually . 
  make a deal with locals to do so . 
  or just install a `` government in exile '' and make a deal with them . 
  i can point you to a dosen historic precedents of doing things like that to get things done in a country torn apart by civil war . 
  turkey is the harder one in this regard , but we have a similar deal with erdogan already .
