  i would expect to see writeups like this in daily fail . 
   there is no one islamic culture or one homogenous muslim entity for goodness sake . 
  no one claimed this . 
  i 'm getting a bit tired of common islamist narrative of `` islamism means all muslims '' . 
  it does n't . 
  islamists do dream of this however , and it 's pretty disturbing to consistently see supposed moderates agree with them on this point with such great level of consistency . 
  no , you did n't . 
  in fact , you intentionally missed the entire point , and invented a completely different one , and then attacked it on a basis of your own prejudiced projection . 
  read the statement again , and try actually comprehending the message . 
  hint : what is the difference between islam and islamism ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , i present to you , the supremacist fanatic , who genuinely believes that democracy is apparently only valid if outcome agrees with his opinion . 
  brexit outcome really did bring out the fringe left insanity right in the spotlight . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  we need left to be taken back by the sane people . 
   actually , the guardian runs as a loss making enterprise from a foundation . 
  correct , which is why they are increasingly desperate for money and moving to the extremist fringe as they are losing their market share . 
  hence their post brexit `` if you like coverage like this , fund us '' ads . 
   `` automatic '' ?!, 
  we 're talking about breitbart here . 
  zero self awareness . 
  thank you for projecting your narrative upon me , and pretending you are a telepath with intimate knowledge of my own thoughts . 
  if you actually bothered to get off the ivory tower and read the rest of posts on this topic , you 'd find that i make long and eloquent statements that do not match the narrative you 're desperate to peddle , long before you started peddling the said narrative . 
  you may want to tell them that , since they are clearly under a mistaken notion that they are in fact a limited liability company with no non-profit status . 
  they even release public annual financial reports of their company on the guardian 's own website : https://www.theguardian.com/gmg/2015/jul/27/guardian-media-group-annual-financial-reports, 
  can we stop this open demonstration of how ignorant some of us are on topic of how democratic government systems work and actually study the issue before we make ignorant statements like one above ? 
  being `` in government '' does n't make you the sole person who can make huge policy decisions on your own . 
  within democracy , decision process is a combination of getting elected on a platform , and then negotiating with people elected by others on different platforms on what kind of compromise is acceptable enough to get voted by majority of the elected people . 
  your interpretation assumes `` if we get into position of power where we can actually do it '' , does n't it ? 
  are they ? 
  because there are plenty of straight up pledges , not dodgy interpretations like yours but straight up `` we will do this if we get elected '' that can not be passed because that 's how democracy works . 
  you first convince voters that your issue is important and they vote for you to advance the said cause in the structures of power within the state . 
  then you advance this issue in power structures you got voted in , and try to convince the people elected by other people that they should agree with your views and support your pledge . 
  only if both criteria match does the pledge actually become a reality in democracy . 
  and that 's how it should be . 
  honestly , this lack of even basic comprehension of how democracy works that has been unearthed by brexit result and the post-result talks is far scarier than prospects of brexit itself even if we were to assume the worst of the outcome . 
  you are continuing to project your own insecurities and fears , and continuing to utterly ignore valid concerns you mention and then dismiss as unimportant . 
  which is exactly why your point of view is moving from centre of society where it was just a few years ago and into the fringe . 
  first step to convincing other people is understanding their points of view . 
  you are pointedly revelling in your inability to even understand the arguments and basis for point of views of those who are your political opponents . 
  and in democratic society , advancing your goals is about convincing your opponents to come to your side . 
  you are doing the exact opposite - demonstrating to them that you have no understanding of their views and you are fully willing to vilify anyone not sharing your viewpoint , just for having a `` wrong opinion '' . 
  that is how causes lose in democracies . 
  tensions are a part of normal interaction between people . 
  problem with islamism is its exceptional supremacism that is baked into the very basic tenets of this culture . 
  this is largely absent in almost all cultures still present today . 
  essentially , one could say that it 's not the tensions themselves but * culturally accepted methods for addressing tensions * is what makes cultures move along the continuum of compatible/incompatible for purposes of co-existence . 
  a good example is uk , which has many hindus , sikhs , jews and other large minorities that co-exist with english majority just fine , because all these cultures accept methods of addressing intercultural tensions that are not supremacist . 
  are there tensions ? 
  sure . 
  do these tensions commonly lead to violent outcomes ? 
  islamism is exceptional , having problems with both english majority and the aforementioned minorities , as its tools for addressing same intercultural tensions are supremacist in nature and aim at subjugating those that they have tensions with . 
  that is why they have so many problems when it comes to co-existence everywhere from europe to asia to africa that are unique to them , and why there are no islamist-ruled countries that can accept even un basic declaration of human rights ( they have cairo declaration instead which specifically denounces any human rights that are forbidden in islamic law , such as freedom of religion ) . 
   there 's a regular stockholm-riga line . 
  i wonder why there 's no masses of booze tourists considering the price difference . 
  because swedes have very different relationship with alcohol . 
   excuse me , but why did you need to emphasize the soviet part anyway ? 
  because you went to great lengths to deny it . 
  i like to hammer the obvious historic points home , especially when it comes to people like you . 
  until people like you start to doubt their extremist ideological position `` our eastern neighbour is evil , and our history with him is history with evil '' , no normalisation of relations between those states will ever be really achievable . 
  and instability that comes from it concerns me , because we do have universal conscription , and if current coalition of baltics , poles and us hawks manages to get what they want , i 'm the one who 'll have to go into armed service . 
  essentially , i like my life and i 'd rather you did n't ruin it with your revanchism . 
   finland and norway are nordic countries , rather similar societies with 50 + years of continuous cooperation . 
  estonia is not that . 
  but it 's gotten beyond that in last two decades in many aspects , as we have a lot of economic investment in estonia . 
  as i said , finland went all out ( as far as economy of our size allowed ) , which generates very strong ties . 
  and money influences politics , which would mean that policy holders were likely satisfied with eu doing the trailblazing on relations , but should eu vanish , they would very likely take the reigns themselves . 
  relevant relations simply require it . 
   i would n't use as courageous statements . 
  firstly , finland did n't dare to recognize our restored independence before several other european countries , including sweden . 
  now you do n't need to explain me all the finlandization excuses ( which , as i remember , you strongly support even today ) . 
  this has nothing to do with finlandization . 
  it has everything to do with how our own independence was recognised . 
  we are generally proponents of getting recognition from the state from which you gain your independence , because that 's how we gained ours . 
  that 's how current customary law on the issue worked at the time , though kosovo and crimea coupled with breakdown of bipolar and unipolar world of cold war and post cold war era have changed it . 
   i know and i 'm not blaming finland , but u/luckyio likes to believe they have some very high moral standards that estonians ca n't reach . 
  ( i 've had my number of arguments with him already . ), 
  and you continue to maliciously misrepresent my point on the matter , which again is nothing new on the issue . 
  you are projecting your own biases onto entire population . 
  i recommend stepping back and attempting an objective look at the situation after taking off your own personal pro-eu anti-uk bias lens , and look for objective reasons why people would reject your point of view . 
  you will find plenty none of which revolve around `` fear '' , such as `` low price of oil in long term '' , `` sovereign viability of scotland as an actual state '' , `` long standing relations with neighbours '' , `` trying to fix something that works '' and so on . 
  it 's truly sad that talking about importance of freedom of information and importance of impartiality of media ... results in automatic implications of racism from specific part of regressive extreme leftists within our society . 
  no attempt to argue the point is ever made . 
  just accusations of racism and demonisation of the other point of view as `` not worth making '' . 
  `` all '' does n't matter in a democratic society . 
  you 're strawmanning my entire point . 
  my point was that `` relevant majority '' has in fact rejected it . 
  and in spite of fiery professions from relevant leaders , polls increasingly suggest that they are continuing to reject it after brexit vote . 
  that was my point . 
  the people who think `` they were cheated '' as you put it so well are the ones that would buy into `` pay us for this extremely one sided reporting '' . 
  and the guardian is a commercial project that aims to make money . 
  christianity adopted many pagan cultural items as their own when they needed to spread across europe and were resisted by pagan cultures . 
  perhaps the most known one is the fact that single biggest christian religious holiday is celebrated on a major pagan celebration day . 
  difference being that many cultures are fully capable of coexistence . 
  polish and lithuanian for example . 
  or even english and polish . 
  you 'll get occasional economic tensions , but ideologically , neither one is supremacist and therefore can coexist . 
  this is not true for islamist cultures , which are specifically required to reject other cultures and attempt to crush them . 
  it 's the very basic tenet of islamism - extreme supremacism . 
  as a result , all you can get from islamists is tolerance while they are too weak to attempt conquest . 
  no actual co-existence beyond this is possible .
