  yes , all vokswagens are cars , but not all cars are volkswagens . 
  all progressives are leftists , but not all leftists are progressives . 
   does it mean british labour intentionally promotes policies that increase discrimination ? 
  not in the least . 
  yes is does . 
  patently so . 
  to the point where they successfully lobbied for positions within the state that you can not apply to if your race or sex happen to be the wrong one . 
  that is the definition of discrimination according to universal declaration of human rights . 
  the way progressive mind goes around it is by dismissing `` male '' and `` white '' as `` people that can not be discriminated against , because if you could , then we 'd be clearly discriminating against them based on race and gender . 
  and we 're not . 
  because we say so '' . 
  again , this is false . 
  take current us secretary of state john kerry . 
  he 's fluent in french in addition to english , and he speaks several other languages on less than fluent level . 
  remember , people on top go to the best schools , and these schools commonly teach foreign languages from young age as mandatory . 
  `` hackers '' are computer experts . 
  they do not need to know english . 
  they need to understand their specific field in it and nothing beyond that . 
  modern mass media likes to conflate all security breaches into concept of `` hacking '' , mainly because it makes it look much scarier than it is . 
  for example in dnc `` hack '' , they did a standard fishing scam , which has nothing to do with hacking . 
  or do you call someone calling you to ask for your private information at random `` hacking '' when it 's not computer-related ? 
  because that 's what mass media really tries to peddle today . 
  no , but i provide no guarantees that any sovereign nation will respect your rights . 
  you 'll have to go full frontiersman . 
  should n't be the problem for a red blooded american !, 
  ah the infamous `` well , you just have n't studied quran on university level in proper arabian schools , in original language , and your race is just wrong anyway '' . 
  argue on merits of the arguments presented . 
  if you can not , consider focusing on reading what others are saying instead . 
  that is a problem of inherent bias , which has little to do with language skills . 
  world is choke full of examples of leaders who spoke fluent language of country being conquered severely misjudging the zeitgeist in it at the time . 
  hensingin sanomat is misreporting as usual . 
  nothing new there , it has been one of the least accurate mainstream media sources in the country for a while . 
  we 're not going to be anywhere close to `` best artillery in the world '' . 
  that post is taken either by south korea ( from whom we 're planning to buy some guns ) , north korea , us or russia . 
  our task it to get artillery of the kind that fits into our country . 
  works in the middle of large swathes of forest and works well ( i.e. 
  remains predictably accurate ) in both extreme cold and extremely hot weather . 
  that goal is likely going to be attained . 
  `` i asked to get me dick , and all i got was this baby boy foreskin '' . 
  sounds like a proper title for one of those small time shady docudramas . 
  yes , that is private sector senior executive corporate work , where executives generally need direct understanding of the market and local culture . 
  story and discussion is about * intelligence and diplomacy * specifically in reference to decision making at top level . 
  comparable role here is that of senior analyst and diplomatic attache . 
  these are the people who do the collation , and typically need to have training in local culture and language skills . 
  role of people deciding on policy is typically on the level of board of directors in corporate world . 
  these people do not need understanding of local culture , or local language . 
  it can be beneficial to some extent , but it is far less relevant for them than it is for people working below them , who actually need this kind of knowledge so they can collate relevant information and pass it up to the top level leadership . 
  aging women need their facial skin treatment , so nope . 
  i jest , but it 's a pretty hilarious fact that much of that foreskin ends up as base from which new skin is grown for cosmetic treatments . 
  i 'm intrigued . 
  can you specify the field you have experience in where leadership needed to speak the language in spite of one collating the data sufficient control of it ? 
  i 'm talking about nordic socialist model as in the ideology , not social democracy , which incorporates it alongside several other ideologies to form a specific state model . 
  this model is typically considered more liberal than us model , as it is less nepotistic and allows for greater social mobility . 
  social mobility is key tenet of liberalism , due to liberalism 's advocacy for equality of opportunity and then judging people based on outcome . 
  difference you cite is irrelevant . 
  people who collate information are the ones that need to understand the details . 
  people making decisions merely need to comprehend the material that has been collated for them . 
  and no , high level leaders are rarely monolingual . 
  they tend to come from better schools , which commonly teach at least one foreign language , and typically more . 
  consider for example the current us secretary of state john kerry , who speaks fluent french and has some knowledge of several others . 
  that would be the extreme left communism which is indeed illiberal . 
  even socialism still incorporates significant portions of free market ideas . 
  citation : nordic socialist model . 
  author really sells us and uk intelligence and diplomats short , which is kinda understandable considering the language and name calling he uses in the article . 
  his agenda is clearly fear mongering about `` foreigners whom anglophones can not understand who plot against them '' . 
  in reality , us military intelligence and cia have a long standing tradition of having analysts that speak the language of the region and often draw on people who have roots in the region but are americans by birth or naturalized citizens to do so . 
  it 's one of the biggest strengths that both us and uk have - they drew and keep drawing talented people with relevant knowledge due to their reputation worldwide . 
  frankly if you think that cia lacks people who speak fluent russian or that uk diplomats do n't speak french or german , i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  as i recall , in medieval era biggest cities had lamp bearers who would move through the city with lamps . 
  mainly due to technology limitations , as oil - and gas-based lamps of the kind that would be needed to stand lit in outside weather without supervision were n't invented yet . 
  actual oil and gas based lamps fixed on the streets only started appearing in late 1700s and early 1800s . 
  looking at his age , i would n't be surprised if it 's a cheap side job for a pensioner , or even a pr position . 
  that could be paid by municipality , or even by tourist trap businesses around the place . 
  got ta say , it looks quite amazing . 
  very 1800s . 
  medieval , no so much . 
  you are not my friend by any reasonable definition of the word . 
  you have patently and clearly demonstrated that you wish to force a certain role in world upon me , based on your own views , against my wishes . 
  merely so that you can paint me in a specific light . 
  that is a definition of an ideological foe , and such actions are common among both extreme left and extreme right . 
  both soviet communists and german nazis practiced this method of ideological attacking people routinely . 
  i do in fact perfectly align with what is considered to be left wing . 
  i am liberal , believe in equal rights , believe in judging people on merits rather than arbitrary factors , and so on . 
  your problem is that you appear to be a picture perfect image of a progressive , who 's so far in the edge of the left , that anyone who 's in the left looks to be `` not left wing '' . 
  it 's a common problem that extremists on both ends of political spectrum experience . 
  regressive left is a leftist term , specifically to differentiate the ultra-leftist progressive form of left which seeks to judge people based on arbitrary factors , as differentiated from the traditional liberal left , which does the exact opposite . 
  to right wingers , we are all left wing , and as such they do not need to differentiate between us . 
  this differentiation is of as little interest to a right winger as differentiations between different kinds of right wing are to most left wingers , as patently noted in your disparaging use of `` conservatives '' to mean everyone who is `` right wing '' . 
  immediately off the top of my head , british labour , which openly advocated and pushed through dicriminatory quotas based on sex and race of applicant for government bureacracy positions , schooling and so on . 
   shia , alawi , sufi or moderate sunni are generally not a threat for europe i rest my case of sheer depth of ignorance you have on the issue . 
  it is fairly clear that you live in a fantasy world where iran 's religious elites do not empower and finance terrorism that is aimed in part against europe for ideological reasons , among many other similar issues which you choose to dismiss . 
  i deal with real world , and am unable to interact with such complex fantasies to any significant degree . 
  as such , we will not be able to find any kind of common ground . 
  the analogy you chose tells us even more about you . 
  and still nothing about the world . 
  that is the core difference . 
  my argument addresses the world and its state . 
  yours does n't even begin to interact with it . 
  as a result , we end up speaking past one another . 
  i welcome you to attempt reading the text again , * in its entirety * .
