  quote me doing this . 
  should n't be hard , since i 'm `` mentally unhinged '' . 
  of course you ca n't as i never did such a thing . 
  all i did was specify why islamic dogma is specifically fitting to enable religious death cult consequences of which are visible world wide and specify details why christian dogma is far less suitable for similar process . 
  so your premise works if : 1 . 
  this is 1991 . 
  ussr collapsed in 2015 . 
  you do n't understand the premise of `` helping the state to uplift it after major upheaval '' . 
  pick your poison . 
   if , say , in a population of 5,000 , only 100 are represented , then it is n't really representative democracy it is . 
  google the term . 
  you clearly do not understand it . 
  your entire argument hinges on false premise of you not understanding the specific nomenclature you 're using . 
  in most systems people are free to choose not to vote . 
  it is their inherent right , just like it is their right to vote . 
  representative democracy does not take any position on specifics of this . 
  it merely dictates that decisions are made by representatives that are elected by the people . 
   you 're a fuckin racist idiot . 
  race : something you are born into and can not choose . 
  religion : something taught to you and that you can choose . 
  one should not throw stones when one lives in a glass house . 
   could also be that we 've bombed the living fuck out of one of the highest concentrations of islam and most of the christianity we pay attention to is western . 
  your ego size is amazing . 
  they clearly have no agency , and they should not be believed when they tell us why they are doing these things . 
  instead we should treat them as your exotic pets , and you should be the only one who gets to tell everyone what their true motivations are . 
  and of course , their true motivations all revolve around your ego . 
  as you are so happy to inform us . 
  when compared to other former ussr states ? 
  you most certainly are , even if your main sponsor , poland , was a state recovering from being a vassal of ussr itself . 
   you are hiding that you are a russian emigrant . 
  you talk about how `` we the europeans should tell those dirty ukrops to fuck off because we the europe are pragmatic like that '' while in / r/russia you refer to russia and russians as `` we '' . 
  do you realise that anyone can click on my name to see my profile and realise that i have a grand total of zero posts in that subreddit ? 
  your desperate character assassination attempts remind me of screeching `` wolf '' about tanks in kiev in 2014 . 
  they 're still not there , and i 'm still at grand total of zero posts in that subreddit . 
  but apparently i referred to myself as `` we '' in there . 
  i must not only be psychic , but also a royal !, 
  get back to me once you 've reached puberty . 
  you have to remember that woman 's rights to terminate her parental obligations do not end even at birth . 
  woman can always void her parental obligations ( and privileges ) by simply giving the child away for adoption . 
  she is not expected to pay for the child 's costs after this occurs . 
  to reach equal grounds , man would have to have the same right to renounce parental obligations ( and privileges ) after birth . 
  not at all . 
  nothing in the bible tells people to murder anglicans . 
  bible also doens ' t make the claim to being the final religion . 
  finally , and very importantly , bible does n't provide a very specific and detailed religious law designed to cover all civil disputes . 
  such dogma simply does not exist in christianity . 
  it does in islam . 
  that is why islam is so massively overrepresented in violence perpetrated based on religious dogma . 
  it 's dogmatic specifics make it uniquely suited for being a death cult , and until it is reformed ( which is inherently extremely difficult as any critque of the texts is considered herecy with specific punishments outlined in the sharia ) we 're not going to see change for the better . 
  apologies , i 'm tired . 
  i was obviously referring to herecy . 
  any person is capable of apostasy * upon * islam however , for example by denouncing the holy texts through different interpretation as ahmadi muslims do . 
  you do not need to be a muslim to commit this form of apostasy . 
  case to point : burning of quran . 
  the problem of formerly/supposedly muslim apostates is that they are treated even more harshly in accordance with the hadiths , as they can be seen as having converted from the faith which carries an even harsher penalty ( mandated death sentence that even religious leaders can not halt within auspices of dogma of islam ) . 
  i would actually argue against that . 
  child is hosted by the mother , and as such only she has any say in how her bodily functions should be regulated by external medical intervention . 
  equality of sexes can not trump personal right to freedom from what effectively amounts to assault on right to one 's own body and control over what is done to it . 
  it 's a case of sexual dimorphism making case for equality of sexes impossible . 
  i would instead argue that just like mother , father should have an innate right to void all paternal rights and obligations until short time after birth . 
   how does this make us `` mindreaders '' ? 
   i claim , that a lot of people voted no to spite the eu there is no way to make aforementioned claim without claiming to be a mind reader . 
  even if organisers did say what you claim they did , they do not represent people who actually cast votes . 
  i 'm not making an assumption . 
  i 'm presenting evidence and making a conclusion based on it . 
  i 'm not suggesting that my numbers are perfect . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that in light of evidence , it 's self-evidently not an `` urban myth '' , unless you 're here to suggest that birth control does n't in fact prevent significant amount of unwanted pregnancies . 
  we can argue about specific numbers , but i think it 's easily evident that it would not be 1/50 in situation where birth control was not available . 
   ahmadis are viewed as apostates because of it . 
  quaran and hadiths are the final word of god and can not be changed . 
  it 's apostasy to claim otherwise . 
  that was quote from my initial premise . 
  i 'm guessing we 're in agreement and your post in the middle was some kind of failed attempt at a joke ? 
  i think you should not drop your daily job for new career as a psychic . 
  also character assassination attempts are the last refuge of someone desperate not to lose an argument . 
  being a muslim is irrelevant on this point . 
  no one is allowed to criticise the hadiths , believers or unbelievers . 
  hadiths specify that apostasy is punishable by death , and specify with great detail how such death should be administered if at all possible . 
  this is why is has so much pull among muslims . 
  when a supposed `` moderate muslim '' and `` extremist muslim '' meet to discuss theology , the holy texts are on the side of `` extremist muslim '' . 
  they do n't need to interpret anything . 
  they merely need to quote the texts . 
  that is a major problem that exists in islam which explains a major portion of why is is able to attract recruits from all strata of society . 
  you quoted it . 
  it 's first or second link depending on your ordering of search terms . 
  i would have voted for kicking down the idiots organising the putch and trying to polarize the country . 
  i never made such a claim . 
  you shifted the goal posts . 
  poland . 
  but greece is n't a former warsaw pact state . 
  i 'll take that over not knowing what google is . 
  it 's literally the first or second link depending on how you order the search terms . 
  i 'm still waiting for those russian tanks in kiev you were promising us back in 2014 . 
  tanks or go away . 
  your mindless screeching `` wolf '' got tiresome over last two years . 
  so in your opinion , religous dogma had nothing to do with it ? 
  yes . 
  they 're all claiming to be mind readers of the same kind . 
  i 'm sorry , i thought this is 2016 and not 1991 . 
  i must have looked at my calendar wrong .
