  do n't repeat the same mistakes . 
   fortunately the opposition to nato is n't a strong opinion , but rather a result of politicians refusing to take any stance on the subject . 
  this is a flat out lie and if you 're actually finnish , you know this very well . 
  we 're looking at similar numbers we have been looking for last 20 years . 
  this has been cofirmed both by eva and yle : http://www.eva.fi/blog/2015/02/03/evan-arvo-ja-asennetutkimuksen-ennakkotieto-nato-kannat-muuttuneet-myonteisemmiksi/ http://yle.fi/uutiset/3-8408558 this is one of the main reasons why i really dislike the pro-nato minority in finland . 
  they are distinctly anti-democratic , as they know very well that no fearmongering they do will budge the people on the topic , as happens in a proud nation with standing army in which every family has a stake in . 
  so instead they attempt to subvert the will of the people through weasel words , pushing the politicians to vote against their constituents and making deals with nato that people do not support using this pressure . 
   secondly ; there is a world of difference between the soviets our proud veterans fought during world war 2 and the russia that we would face now . 
  we would n't stand a chance against them . 
  the same russia that could n't conquer chechnya and had to buy out the locals ? 
  conquer us easily ? 
  when we 're one of the most armed countries in the world that spent decades specifically preparing for this kind of war , preparing positions , storing weapons , training all capable males of arms bearing age ? 
  i think it 's time to quote you :  first of all ; get off your high horse you pretentious idiot . 
  you 're not impressing anyone . 
  though you 're probably impressing folks in here who are unaware of these details . 
  rest of us finns who are n't in your particular minority , not so much . 
  i 'd be more worried about nato nukes considering relevant doctrines ( tactical strikes on nato territory to stop soviet tank rush and usage of infrastructure by soviets ) . 
  it makes little sense for russia to actually drop any kind of nukes on eastern europe - fallout goes back into the most populated areas in russia . 
  and i was actually making a joke about the location . 
  pretty sure nuclear shelter can withstand a lot of lightning strikes :d . 
  do note the timings . 
  at the time this was posted , user in question was posting the drivel with no warnings . 
  and if you had any knowledge of history , you 'd know that this was a follow up of event known as `` heimosodat '' in our history , where among other things , we joined forces with british military to attack petrograd in 1920s . 
  commander of defense of the city back then was a man known as stalin , who did n't forget the said lesson . 
  and neither should we . 
  joining big foreign military to attack russia results in russia hitting back after it gathers its strength . 
  i would really appreciate it if you would stop spitting on graves of veterans , and telling the rest of us how awful of an army we have . 
  thanks . 
  if you can not do that , would you mind taking the flag off your flair ? 
  you 're wiping your ass with it right now . 
  that 's the flag i , among overwhelming majority of finnish men took an oath to during mandatory military service . 
  how about c ) remain independent ? 
  why is that not an option ? 
  this is what bothers me about your types . 
  you do n't care about our country , its accomplishments , nor the people who are willing to stand and defend it again should the need arise . 
  to you , this is about geopolitical grandstanding and getting to be a part of geopolitical block , an empire . 
  we had people like you in 1920s . 
  it resulted in stalin having to defend petrograd against them , and then remember it in 1939 . 
  you did n't actually score the winning goal , but fuck it , i personally forgive you because you 're just better than us at statecraft . 
  that is patently false . 
  we have a conscription army , and long standing tradition of living next to russia peacefully . 
  1920s-1940s and our end time as part of swedish empire being the exceptions . 
  overwhelming majority of population are against nato ( typically around 60 % ) specifically because we know how to live next to them , and we know that if things really go south and there 's a war , we have longer land border with russia then rest of eu combined . 
  and being a conscript army , it 's pretty much all of the men from every family that will have to go into service to defend the state . 
  it 's not an remote `` war somewhere far away with professional paid army '' that many in the west think wars are . 
  so being a part of anti-russian alliance is not in our interests . 
  for the small amount of self-proclaimed ultra-nationalists that spit on the graves of our war veterans who fought so we could remain independent of large foreign military powers . 
  over 60 % of population remains against it however , so most people are quite more reasonable . 
  you 'd be pissed if we did , as last one to violate our airspace before this was a polish aircraft . 
  in case god really decides to try to smite you ? 
   we do n't care about the context this actually explains a lot about why this reddit is infamous for its moderation . 
  as someone who had some experience in actually arguing out points and moderating live events , comprehending context is the key factor when it comes to being a good moderator . 
  that 's why you choose erudite people with significant experience in the field being debated as a moderator as opposed to just grabbing a person off the street . 
  thanks for being straight with me on this one . 
  i appreciate the blunt honesty , even when i severely dislike the result . 
  i like how this guy openly advocates ethnic cleansing via medieval methods , and i 'm the one to get warned for calling him up on it . 
  well done dear leader . 
  shall i be thankful for not being sent to a labour camp for `` re-education '' ? 
  seriously , did you at all read the content of the post that i 'm replying to and his reply to it , or did you just blindly go `` this looks bad , just warn user for it '' , without seeing * why * it is as bad as it is ? 
   i do n't think so because most these rules are not set in stone . 
  what ? 
  seriously , what ? 
  do you at all understand that not a single human-created rule in the world is `` set in stone '' ? 
  which has absolutely zero relevance to the fact that rules do in fact bind people . 
  which is the only relevance rules have to people . 
   while parties may change their opinions over time , through changes in general opinions . 
  ( i.e. 
  more socially progressive policies becoming widely acceptable ) . 
  i still maintain that they do not change their stances organically ( ie . 
  since everyone in the higher structure of parties get to decide the line of the parties , and everybody got the the higher structure of the parties by agreeing with each other ) . 
  this argument is distinctly anti-democratic . 
  your argument is that of an activist and can be summarized thus : `` why wo n't the people listen to me ? '', 
  people in this case can describe everything from demos to governing people to upper echelons of power . 
  the answer to it is quite simple : to ensure that system functions properly and does n't get hijacked by random activists with agenda that is against the interests of the state and the demos as a whole . 
  and activists like this are dime a dosen . 
   thanks for agreeing with me that non-list systems ( uk ) are superior . 
  reading comprehension is not your strong suite , is it ? 
  you figured out the basic concept of this debate . 
  i am for a true representative system , while you defend our current electoral system . 
  i 'm taking the gloves off . 
  this angle is beyond idiotic * on your own merits * . 
  you literally just complained that list system does n't allow you to vote for specific candidate and know your vote will be used to put him into power ... and then you actually said that uk system , that does n't even allow you to vote for anything but a single candidate , which is essentially `` a list system where the only one you get to vote for is the first person on the list '' is better ... `` for representation '' . 
  i rest my case on your utter ignorance of the topic . 
   no matter how popular you are if you are not in agreement with the `` establishment '' of the party you wont get on the list . 
  so you figured out that marxists probably wo n't get on the list of a party that promotes capitalist values , nor will nazis get on list of parties that promote diversity . 
  and to you , this is a clear example of * bad * parts of the current system ? 
  do you at all understand what the actual purpose of grouping together with other people who * share many of political goals * even is ? 
   we are getting new parties rise , but not the old ones change through their own means . 
  again , this is absurd statement . 
  almost every single party that currently exists in europe has shifted it 's political stance on many issues significantly over time . 
  this is how to affect politics - you enter the party , and you popularise dissent within your own party until it becomes mainstream . 
  we just had brexit , which is the very literal embodiment of this particular phenomenon existence of which you 're trying to deny . 
  tories shifted from overwhelmingly pro-eu to overwhelmingly anti-eu as a response to the internal pressure that came from electorate electing people who were against brexit in large numbers , resulting in pressure to hold the plebcite and now policies to exit eu . 
   my argument is that we do n't live in a democracy , because the list system does not allow for true representation or sufficient separation between legislative/executive . 
  you figured out one of the most basic concepts of western governing systems . 
  we live in * democratic republics * , not * democracies * . 
  governing system is that of a republic , with representatives being chosen by a democratic polling of enfranchised citizenry . 
  welcome to basic understanding of political systems . 
   tell me about it , in spain we have been without a government for a year now , and the current electoral system played a big role . 
  yes , and while bureaucracy can to an extent govern , lack of ability to push necessary decisions starts to pile up .
