  you make an utterly absurd assumption that `` to be extremely religious , you must have detailed scholarly knowledge of holy texts of your faith '' . 
  the example of the very person this topic talks about shows a concrete debunking of this absurd assumption . 
   all of the mainstream 4th generation twin engined fighters can sustain ... 
  answered with , and i kid you not :  the f-16 can fly mach 2 with maximum external fuel tanks for about 15 minutes before you run out of fuel . 
  that is not a sustained speed . 
  how do you recognise a really bad shill ? 
  he ca n't count to two . 
  except that these aircraft can not replace the typhoons . 
  typhoons were also pennies on what f-35 is ending up costing . 
  right now , you 're looking at utterly ridiculous maintenance costs even if you ignore the purchase price . 
  these things require far longer on the round per hours in the air , and those hours on the ground require more costly kind of maintenance on top of it . 
  which drains the same budgets , causing retiring of functional , cheap hardware for reasons of lack of budgets because the dud bought for political reasons is sucking up the budget , and dud can not be dropped for same political reasons . 
   chernobyl model powerplant with all the safety features ( none ) . 
  ignorance in this statement is quite astounding . 
  you actually seriously think that rbmk reactors have no safety features ? 
  please tell me you 're just trolling and not actually this ignorant . 
  wall of ignorance . 
  reality is that it 's a switch from zero atmospheric emissions plant to a natgas burner and imports from poland . 
  poland is a major coal burner . 
   in addition to financing the decommissioning of the ignalina nuclear power plant the international donor fund has also financially supported energy sector projects in lithuania in line with the country 's energy strategy . 
  these include updates to lithuania 's power and gas sectors strategies , the flue-gas desulphurisation facilities for environmental upgrade of the lithuanian power plant , the construction of a new state of the art 455mw combined cycle gas turbine power plant , and the development of the power interconnection project between lithuania and poland . 
  so basically , you moved from nuclear to natgas and polish coal ? 
  wonderful . 
  more pollution , and more co2 in the atmosphere . 
  just what we need . 
  do the same science experiment the other way . 
  do other religions produce such people with such `` identities '' in similar numbers , or is `` identity '' you use here is simply a fig leaf for religiosity , and expression of problems within islamic dogma ? 
  because that 's my thesis . 
  anti-abortion movement is the expression of problems within christian dogma . 
  which is similar to modern islamic terrorism being the expression of problems within islamic dogma . 
  problem being that f-35 , due to its enormous cost is in fact marketed as `` replacement for all of them '' . 
  which is an obvious lie , as it 's capability simply not on part . 
  it is in fact marketed as primarily air superiority fighter to us for our upcoming f-18c / d replacement . 
  issue is essentially that of costs . 
  it 's simply far too expensive for what it actually can do , and it 's bound to hit relevant budgets of other aircraft , such as typhoons . 
  i see your opinion on `` let wilderness be '' and raise `` this is not how apex predators function in natural habitat '' . 
  humans as species are apex predators with capability of adapting habitats to suit them . 
  your ignorance of this fact in spite of your statement of your supposed expertise in the subject is astounding , as this is pretty much the basis for our relationship with the ecosystem at large . 
  and no , having no wolves `` does not fuck up the country '' . 
  you also forget that we have a long period of time in europe when grey wolves have in fact been exterminated , with no `` fucked up country '' as a result . 
  the exact opposite in fact - when dangerous peer competitor is exterminated , we can interact with ecosystem in more efficient ways . 
  what you 're seeing here ladies and gentlemen , is the lockheed martin paid shilling in action . 
  they need to sell the dud that is f-35 , desperately , and for last few years , these absurd talking points have been creeping up across the media . 
  these people will literally deny the capability we had for decades , because f-35 does n't have it , whereas current aircraft do . 
  they will misuse terminology ( as noted above with categorical misuse of `` supercruise '' ) , they will lie about existing capability ( `` no we really do n't have  mach 2 interception capability when we had it for decades at this point ) and they will typically end their bs spewing with implication of `` well you just read enemy media which wants to reduce our capabilities '' . 
  the fact that lockheed martin needs to engage in this kind of bs , rather than compete on merits as its main competitors in europe and russia have done tells you all you need to know about quality of their product . 
  in case of aim-120 , extremely likely . 
  rafale 's main selling point has been it 's unique intergrated electronic warfare suite that gives it ew self defence capabilities comparable to those of a growler . 
  radar guided missiles will have severe problems engaging it even with powerful ground based fire control radar illuminating the target . 
  weak air to air radar on aim-120 with no assistance from f-22 stands very little chance here and is highly likely to be jammed off . 
  f-22 would have to fire its own fire control radar to give it any reasonable chance of success , and at that point , it loses its main advantage of stealth . 
   also , given the deadliness of the meteor , you only need one to take down your enemy . 
  this is an absurd statement on merits . 
  jamming exists . 
  terminal maneuvering exists . 
  air to air missiles are quite unreliable , which is why you typically need several for each potential target . 
  correct . 
  unfortunately it 's also a question of stationing aircraft , as you still need to have an acceptable interception vector from base that is n't too far away for such a vector to be possible . 
  f-35 program , being as costly as it is will likely end up impacting typhoon placing , reducing their interception capability . 
  and for the cost that is being paid for f-35 , which is supposed to serve air superiority role among others and is being marketed and sold as such , it remains utterly incapable of doing the job . 
   that 's not cruising speed yes , it is . 
  please get off wikipedia . 
  it 's extremely obvious to anyone who is versed in basics of how strategic bombers work that : 1 . 
  overwhelming majority of operations is conducted at high altitude to conserve fuel . 
  you do n't even need to know about military in this regard - civil aviation uses exact same logic . 
  cruise in hostile territory is high enough speed to enable preparation for penetration while remaining fuel efficient enough to finish the mission and go home . 
  penetration speed is maximum speed achievable . 
  all of the mainstream 4th generation twin engined fighters can sustain a  mach2 speed . 
  that is in fact considered one of the key requirement for aircraft to be considered a true 4th generation aircraft . 
  one of the main advances from 3rd to 4th generation has been incorporation of interceptor capability into fighter aircraft , so a 4th generation air superiority fighter could perform both fighter and interceptor roles . 
  it is also considered one of the worst failings of f-35 . 
  in spite of having `` air superiority '' as one of its stated roles , it 's interception performance in this is actually on par with 3rd generation air superiority aircraft , and strictly inferior to 4th generation . 
  this is completely uncontested by anyone that is n't massively shilling for f-35 . 
  we have vast amount of actual real life interceptions of tu-160 by modern western 4th generation air superiority aircraft . 
  looking for explanation as to why , and explanation why all of the aforementioned planes have in fact intercepted tu-160s before . 
  then clearly you are right , logic and facts be damned . 
  international observation 's goal is not to watch every polling station , because catching small problems is irrelevant in a huge country . 
  their job is to establish the facts about system as a whole , and see if there are systemic problems with the elections . 
  which is far more important , and far less media sexy than `` but there was a poll stuffing at this particular station '' . 
  you are wrong on merits . 
  this crisis is n't a crisis of money , but a crisis of geography and demographics . 
  putin 's rule is more of a necessity than anything . 
  when country is under severe existential threat from outside , it tends to circle the wagons and go increasingly nationalist and protectionist to survive . 
  it has no relevance to this point whatsoever . 
  point being that time it would take to essentially rebuild a government service from scratch would likely last a good portion if not entire presidential term . 
  and there 's nothing that really stops it from happening . 
  when under severe threat , states do things they see as necessary for their survival . 
  establishing border controls is not all that hard , it 's just time and effort consuming , not to mention that it slows down the trade . 
  you 're spoiling the experiement by adding variables that do not exist in the original experiment . 
  try the other side of your scientific experiment . 
  how many poor people of other faiths blow themselves up with a goal of maiming and killing as many civilians as possible ? 
  first of all , `` supercruise '' refers to capability to cruise at supersonic speed * without afterburners * . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  second , tu-160 can not in fact sustain mach 2 + for long time for a fairly simple reason . 
  it still needs to fly back home on the same fuel . 
   mach 2 speeds are air defense penetration speeds . 
  it 's highest cruising speed at reasonable fuel consumption is documented at mach 1,5 . 
  essentially it flies to point of interception at up to mach 1,5 , and then if needed it will accelerate to top speed to attempt to prevent interception . 
  most modern twin engine fighters ( both gen 4 and gen 5 ) are capable of matching speed with better acceleration . 
  that means that they can in fact intercept it .
