  it 's going to be interesting times , if establishment in eu will actually willingly support a communist dictatorship against western democracy . 
  the spin currently in the media will have to be increased further to keep population under control , and they 're already losing the grip on the narrative . 
  somehow , i do n't think it 's going to work out all that well . 
  also , please continue selling us treaty ports across eu . 
  thanks . 
  anyone who does n't know what treaty ports are , look it up . 
  and that 's what chinese bought ports across the world are very much starting to look like . 
  and there 's quite a few of those across europe now . 
  those who do n't know how the statistics are fudged above to make it look like he makes it look : 1 . 
  stack as many islamic migrants into the `` green pillar '' . 
  many have been in the country for two generations at this point , and statistics are specifically gathered to classify them the same as people that are ethnically and culturally completely different , such as swedes themselves , ethnic finns , other nordic peoples , sami , vietnamese boat refugees and so on . 
  spread the `` foreign born '' across as many separate pillars as possible , while stacking all of the categories in the green pillar into one . 
  if you look at actual numbers of three other pillars , you 'll notice a dramatic total growth as a portion of population , and that 's over just a decade . 
  that 's less than a generation . 
  and the trend is accelerating . 
  spread the time period as wide as possible to make the growth that is visible as small as possible . 
  in actuality , the only highly relevant numbers are first and last . 
  others are only useful for establishing a trend and looking for potential changes in it . 
  it 's pretty much the basics of what they teach you in statistics course in university on how to make statistical outcome meet the preset criteria in graphic presentation . 
  edit : and before i forget , the juiciest part . 
  the end point is the most telling . 
  chart cuts off before the migrant crisis starts . 
  welcome to the narrative . 
  edit # 2 : in case you think that poster is not doing this maliciously , his reply to this post below establishes the malice rather than ignorance very clearly . 
  i quote :  sweden 's population grew by about a million in the time period while the ** presumably ethnic swede column ** remained the same chart he provides patently has no such column , as specifically described above . 
  it does n't even mention ethnicity , for a good reason - sweden is very censorious on the issue of ethnicity `` because racism '' , but also quite ethnically diverse - as noted above , the green pillar is anything but `` ethnic swedes '' no matter how you interpret it . 
  there are simply too many other ethnic groups in that pillar . 
  yet there 's a pressing effort on poster 's part to intentionally misrepresent it as such . 
  i did ? 
  i said he 's fulfilling his campaign promises . 
  i made specific examples . 
  you tried to contest them . 
  you failed as i provided specific citations . 
  so you went for the last refuge . 
  you tried to peddle a narrative that `` not fulfilling everything he promised , 100 % in full in less than a month means that he 's not fulfilling his campaign promises '' . 
  i wonder , how strong must the cognitive dissonance within your mind be for you to go that far to deny reality ? 
  first of all , not a single quote you listed meets criteria you yourself chose to set :  he tries to present himself as the only authority on the truth and legal matters . 
  if that 's not authoritarian , then what is ? 
  not a single one of those quotes did he set himself as `` the only authority on truth and legal matters '' . 
  so you already managed to fail before we get to your quotes . 
   `` the fake news media ( failing @nytimes , @nbcnews , @abc , @cbs , @cnn ) is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the american people ! '', 
  factually correct . 
  they are peddling a point that populism is anti-democratic . 
  populism by definition is listening to the populos , the people . 
  which is core of democracy - rule of all of the people , the demos . 
  the opposite of populos is arestos . 
  the elites . 
  together the two make the entirety of demos . 
  i 'll let you finish the logical chain of what `` opposing the populos '' means for democracy , the system of rule of all people , as opposed to aristocracy , the rule by elites . 
   `` any negative polls are fake news , just like the cnn , abc , nbc polls in the election . 
  sorry , people want border security and extreme vetting . '', 
  many of them factually are . 
  the spin is utterly ridiculous at this point . 
  i literally read several polls on cnn stating that his popularity is down . 
  when i went to the actual poll to see the numbers , they show it was up . 
  they would interpret things like `` more people in this specific category we arbitrarily select are against him '' to justify the headline . 
  so literally , the headline was the exact opposite of what the facts are . 
  and all you need is to go to the source they will actually provide and read it . 
  nothing more is needed to debunk the narrative . 
   `` the opinion of this so-called judge , which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! '', 
  which part of this statement is incorrect ? 
  decision of the judge factually blocked a law enforcement action by the executive , and is extremely likely to be overturned in us supreme court . 
  which part do you contest as not factual ? 
  or is it that you just do n't like the style he 's communicating in ? 
  that does n't make what he 's saying not factually true . 
   i could go on , but you decided to invent a fictional trump to adore . 
  sad . 
  fake love . 
  you could make me defend trump some more against your obvious false quotes . 
  i 'd rather not do it , because i 'm not a huge fan of many of his policies . 
  but if you want to peddle more quotes that either spin a narrative that is the exact opposite of what source material suggests , straight up lie , or try to engage in lie of omission , as you have done above , i will call you on it , as i have done above . 
  are you tired of making sock puppet accounts to pointedly ignore the fact that this is literally the first anonymous google source for me that * cites that specific study which is the source * , or are there actually more than one person who is just that openly disingenuous and intellectually dishonest ? 
  his `` facts '' are actually claims presented with no merit . 
  you are thinking of a war scenario , and make an absurd conclusion that `` killing machine '' is `` a good tool for border control '' . 
  now , if you even for a moment think he is right , here 's a question for you . 
  what are the differences between a war and border control ? 
  list them in your head . 
  now list merits of tools being suggested for use in border control , vs the current tools and methods . 
  suddenly , you will realise why tools that enable effective killing of large amounts of people are among the least useful tools for border control in case of central european borders . 
  and why current border controls across the world do not actively employ systems designed for war , * even on borders separating states that are in active state of war against one another , such as south-north korea demarcation line for example . 
  no , i 'm asking you to put your faith in sources they cite . 
  i understand that you made a concentrated effort to avoid noticing them . 
  that was literally the first article i found in anonymized gooogle search . 
  there are at least a dosen articles linking to the same study on the same page . 
  i will state it one last time and then stop pretending you are a reasonable person . 
  do a google search on these three words : sweden , white , flight . 
  pick an article on the study from a source you like , that will describe the same study and quote the same researcher . 
  * that is the source * . 
  if you wish to continue pretending that this is too hard , then good luck with your demagogy . 
   i think embezzling funds is enough justification for calling someone a corrupt bureaucrat . 
  considering that you do n't even comprehend the fact that embezzling funds is overwhelmingly done by people other than bureaucrats , i think we can safely say that you simply do not understand even the basics of the subject . 
  do i really need to post a damn lmgtfy link ? 
  i already linked it in another post in this thread . 
  your choice whether you want to go look for it , or google . 
  but your extreme level of laziness combined with incredible sense of entitlement to my time that you radiate certainly does not make me want to give you the link directly . 
  no , i 'm saying your entire society has largely purged people who are willing to speak truth to power in relation to problems with islamic immigrants and their descendants quite a while ago . 
   their numbers are the most objective statistics you can find about sweden . 
  they just collect the data and present it . 
  as someone who had to take in depth classes on statistics as part of his master 's degree over a decade ago , i laugh at your implied `` data ca n't lie '' statement . 
  one of the things we learned in advanced class was specifically how to formulate questions to produce desired results and how to avoid it when we actually needed objective numbers in spite of desire of people being asked to divulge them , because that 's what employees often want for specific studies .
