  and in every case where decision was against eu 's interests , a new referendum was called or result was ignored alltogether . 
  citations : ireland , greece . 
   if you mean until article 50 is triggered , well they are the rules that the uk was well aware of when it ratified the lisbon treaty . 
  no chats until a50 is officially done . 
  yes , that 's exactly what he said . 
  `` you 're still a member , we know your people voted to leave . 
  but fuck you , we 're not talking to you about it . 
  but we are going to talk about how great it 's going to be when you 're leaving amongst ourselves '' . 
  rest is rather oddly intentional misunderstanding of points made to deflect attention . 
  answering my question would be quite sufficient . 
  yes or no will suffice in fact . 
  you can of course also elaborate . 
  pointedly refusing to answer my question and pretending really hard that question was not  did you just seriously compare supposed humanitarian refugees to convicted criminals ? 
  but something akin to `` what is the security situation like in security camps compared to prisons '' will certainly buy you some internet points with the local `` anyone who opposes mainstream narrative is [ insert namecalling here ] '' , and no one else . 
  who 's `` they '' ? 
  you did n't answer my question , and decided to pretend very hard that a completely different question was asked , so i 'll repeat my question :  did you just seriously compare supposed humanitarian refugees to convicted criminals ? 
  do elaborate . 
  please . 
  you 're literally the first person ever with that particular claim , if you discount the qatari slavemasters . 
   is it merkel 's , junker 's and schultz 's inability to stop migrant crisis ? 
  what do you know , you actually quote a relevant and on topic item . 
  now then the question becomes : did you ignore it the first time out of ignorance or malice ? 
  so basic reading comprehension is no longer assumed , it must always be the person that typed out the subject ? 
  swedish schools sure went downhill . 
  did you just seriously compare supposed humanitarian refugees to convicted criminals ? 
  `` people smuggling '' = `` crime of solidarity '' ? 
  oh , it 's qatar 's propaganda outlet , publishing their standard `` europe is racist '' propaganda . 
  guess how many migrants they 're taking . 
  `` eu will crack down on this '' [ lists specifics on why it will in fact not crack down on this ] `` the eu is not your mommy ! '', 
  self-awareness = zero . 
  biologically humans still have n't caught up with agriculture . 
  the scientific advancement is biologically so out of our reach as species , that our current scientific model of peer review to ascertain correctness of facts used in studies is awful . 
  it 's just the best that our species has invented so far . 
  least worst system of awful systems . 
  so basically nothing happens , as these `` statements of intent '' have been ongoing for at least a year with no results materializing , because all of these people are globalists , and actual measures they 'd need to take would be protectionist in nature . 
  also , absolutely nothing is said about the main problem - people that are already here . 
  those are the ones that are interacting with local population , creating the massive dissatisfaction with politicians who care about their high ideals over dissatisfaction of their people with results of these high ideals on the ground . 
  local militias will love that `` development money '' . 
  in fact , you can just straight up call it `` technical assistance '' as red cross does . 
  it buys a lot of technicals . 
  and you get to look good in front of your friends for your benevolence , while your aid money is used for warfare and slaughter , as it always has been . 
  populism in general is core concept in democracy . 
  the entire point of pressure on politicians in democracy is that * politicians must pander to populace to be successful * . 
  which is the very definition of populism . 
  the only reason why it got supposedly negative connotations recently is massive propaganda campaign against vast unpopularity of established politicians who largely stopped pandering to their electorate and are getting punished for it at ballot box . 
  `` why post truth when it contradicts narrative i support '' . 
  also known as being a propagandist . 
  he already got called out on this and several other attempts to get his support to be more broad than `` muslim communities '' . 
  he 's pretty much an `` uncle tom '' and whatnot to many in those communities . 
  it 's a fairly interesting power dynamic that maajid nawaz talks in sam harris ' podcast . 
  essentially as a politician , you start with a narrow support base - in case of khan , that was obviously islamic crowd . 
  you peddle to their needs to rise . 
  but if you want to get to higher posts , you start needing support from larger voter base , because muslims as a voting block are inherently limited in numbers ( their growth as a portion of population notwithstanding , that will not occur fast enough to compensate for someone who wants political power in the mainstream ) . 
  so you start to spread out . 
  you start listening and peddling to needs of others . 
  and in doing so , you start alienating your original support base . 
  this is the phase khan is in . 
  he appears to be a shrewd politician , and wants to keep climbing . 
  and at this stage , it means addressing the needs of others , which in turn means addressing severe problems within his original constituency . 
  one of the big problems within mainstream muslim communities is their severe regressivism , including things like severe persecution of jews , homosexuals , islamic apostates and so on . 
  as he goes on about doing that , the standard multikulti crowd starts seeing him as an enemy , as he betrays their core value - to never criticize those that are considered a protected class . 
  that makes him personally invested in actually tackling the problem and it makes him hostile to his own former support base . 
  it 's going to be a very interesting political show for next couple of years to follow him . 
  will he manage to politically survive shifting his voter base from the islamic voter block and multiculturalists to general populace in significant enough numbers to stand for re-election . 
  grab your popcorn folks , it 's going to be one interesting case study . 
  and who knows , maybe and just maybe people like him will actually manage to provide for an alternative islamic culture within the west , and survive the overwhelming traditionalist majority 's and multiculturalists ' attempts at destroying this agenda . 
  i 'll drink a cup of tea to his success in this particular endeavour . 
   edit : well , not annexing since 1812 against canada ( loss ) and 1848 against mexico ( win ) . 
  backpedaling like a pro . 
  hawaii just joined us on its own in your little world ? 
  malicious misrepresentation of the very quotes you typed out yourself above it is . 
  you continued refusal to fact check relevant points starts to point toward malice as motivation rather than ignorance . 
   you think that he fails at the very basics . 
  false . 
  i objectively demonstrate the very basics he fails on , down to very details . 
  again , i welcome you to stop this charade and fact check my points . 
  i was referring to progress in the socio-political context because that 's what it is . 
  while most of modern neo-progressivism is extremely detrimental to human development , much of the old school progressivism drove very societally important points into the society , such as ability to select one 's own spouse . 
  in general , people are n't adapting faster . 
  speed of adaptation is largely a function of biological age , which has in fact increased . 
  what we are doing faster is layering multiple changes at once in larger number . 
  so we get more of a sort of `` break points '' where specific issues become acceptable across all issues , but adaptation to any single issue remains fairly slow . 
  that 's why it 's important that issues are n't pushed on people too quickly , as to create a rejection reaction . 
  the way these changes were pushed in were through a slowly increased pressure , which generates tolerance toward issue . 
  it 's a function of generational change combined with limited time when person 's opinion is easily malleable on large societal issues . 
   generally , marriage was not between `` equals '' , it was between a man and what became his property once a wedding took place . 
  which was one of the main changes brought in with the enlightenment , which was in fact mostly global . 
  this concept spread across from western world and into latin america , much of africa , and of asia . 
  essentially the only states to truly reject this part of it were islamic states , as their law codifies women as strictly inferior , down to specifying the exact value . 
  that proved to be almost impossible to work against . 
  value there is determined too specifically . 
  as a point of comparison , even in places like china , where world 's worst mutilation of women took place until middle of the previous century , literally crippling the upper class women preventing them from being an equal partner , the concept of `` marriage of equals '' has been largely accepted . 
   if you argue that homosexuality , or at least its acceptance , is a strange modern invention , my riposte would have to be that so is the modern , romantic heterosexual relationship . 
  we are in agreement . 
  we 're also appear to be in agreement that they are positive developments . 
  and the change in balance within heterosexual marriage has been successfully exported and stuck . 
  it 's safe to say that majority of the world at the very least accepts the moral concept of `` equality within marriage '' . 
  same is not true for homosexuality . 
  and the way we exported the successful standard was not through essentially doing idiotic things like being done in this story , but by doing the exact opposite . 
  slow , gradual change of opinions of people as generations changed , making sure that no generation had a massive rejection reaction , instead chipping away one generation at a time .
