  islam as a religion has a duality concept . 
  word of god is perfect and never wrong . 
  however god can improve on his perfect word to make it even more perfect . 
  at that point , if you recognise someone as prophet of god , he can abrogate . 
  overwhelming majority of abrogation is claimed to have been done by muhammad himself and based on his words , and the entire declaration of islamic faith says that he is the prophet of god . 
  the entire reason for millenia old sectarian civil war within islam comes from the fact that shiites dared to suggest that someone else could abrogate teachings . 
  that alone was so offensive that to overwhelming majority of muslims , shiites are apostates and not muslims . 
  that is why your claims are extremely offensive and heretical to faith of islam , and demonstrate complete lack of understanding of core tenets of islam as the religion , which you yourself state to be complex . 
  you are twisting the facts to fit your agenda now . 
  it 's obvious that slavery still existed under christianity . 
  your attempt to misrepresent my position as denial of this fact is frankly malicious to extreme . 
  what i said was nothing more and nothing less than that christianity has a doctrinal problem with slavery of a person that is christian , and that this was what started the process through which we reached the current concept of human rights . 
  and i most certainly spoke nothing of china , which is a completely different issue , irrelevant to doctrines of christianity and islam . 
  notably rights we 're talking about are still largely not accepted in china to various degrees , and were most certainly pushed upon them at the time of their conception . 
  see : basic human right to freedom of speech . 
  she reserves the right to speak her mind . 
  we as people reserve the right to not vote for her if her opinion does not match ours . 
  actually , exact opposite . 
  first stage of abolishing slavery , that being serfdom happened because of slavery 's doctrinal objectionability for christian dogma . 
  see here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4oekas/study_large_number_of_turks_in_germany_put_islam/d4d6s6a, 
  doctrinally speaking , christianity was what started the process that resulted in what we now call human right . 
  it is unique in that on doctrinal level , it states that every human holds within himself a part of god . 
  that is why we have the holy trinity on doctrinal level . 
  there 's a great god the father , there 's the holy spirit which resides in all christian people , and there 's jesus that allows human soul , guided by holy spirit to go through jesus to enter god . 
  in fact , the systemic change from slavery to serfdom happened example because of above doctrine . 
  it was extremely offensive to christianity on doctrinal level that human could own another human , because that meant that human could own a part of god . 
  so instead system was changed so that land was the thing that owned the slave ( who was now called serf to show the difference ) , which also for the first time in history gave certain rights to the slave and imply that such a thing as a basic , unalienable right actually exists . 
  we then developed on the concept until we reached enlightenment . 
  no thank you . 
  islamists are known to physically assault and even murder people who dare criticise their faith and their actions . 
  you 're mentioning laws that can be followed at the same time and completely ignoring the large amount of laws which are in fundamental contradiction to one another . 
  not all laws fundamentally contradict one another for obvious reasons . 
  however many laws are in such fundamental conflict with one another , that they can not be followed at the same time . 
  for example , persecution of apostates . 
  if someone leaves the islamic faith , any righteous muslim must persecute and kill that person . 
  there 's no way to follow both secular law and islamic law at the same time . 
  you have to break either one . 
  this is widely accepted and practiced even in europe . 
  you can go to / r/exmuslim to see people write countless horror stories about realities in their lives such as having to `` stay in the closet '' because their families would have them killed if they found out the truth . 
  another example is mandatory persecution of openly gay people . 
  orlando shooter simply resolved this internal conflict by following islamic law and breaking the secular us law . 
  any righteous muslim must kill gays should he encounter them . 
  and those are fairly basic aspects of life . 
  problem being that this portion is huge when compared to similar numbers among other parts of the population , and that significant numbers among those that do not act on it both passively support the actions of lawbreakers and often feel guilty for not following their examples . 
  this is exactly the toxic combination that got so many well established , educated and integrated people leave western countries to help is . 
  variation is irrelevant in the way we 're discussing the subject , and all schools agree on at least 3/4 of the material , including overwhelming majority of the objectionable material relevant to oppression of women , killing of apostates , killing of homosexuals and so on . 
  variations are mainly in technical aspects , such as who can be caliph . 
  for example sunni as the name implies consider anyone who follows sunna can be caliph , whereas shiite school thinks that only people of specific bloodline can . 
  all schools have had people condemned as apostates and killed for denying it for example . 
  what did i deny in above sentence ? 
  we are talking about doctrinal aspects of religions . 
  not about personal opinions . 
  it seems there 's a desire to portray them as victims , combined with genuine fear of having to deal with them once they come back if they are condemned . 
  these folks are scary , even to the police . 
  you once again appear to miss the fact that `` god first '' in christianity does not mean `` our laws first '' , because christianity does not have and self contained legal system within itself . 
  again . 
  entire system of life . 
  not just a religion . 
  there 's a massive difference . 
  woosh . 
  considering we 're talking to religious doctrinal objections to abortion , how are you in any way relevant to the discussion ? 
  `` former '' minister of interior , who tanked her party with those idiotic things and quickly lost her position within the party . 
  hint : freedom of speech is a part of our civilization . 
  what matters is popular support of such claims . 
  here , that 's below 5 % . 
  considering the shit they do in their home countries , they 're not really encouraged as a matter of policy . 
  it 's just that it seems that they got scary and organised enough that police are giving them wide berth whenever possible . 
  which encourages them to an extent . 
  unfortunately when totalitarian belief system contradicts reality , people who point that out tend to die . 
  violently . 
  kindly tell me , what did i deny in above sentence ? 
   i 'm not saying that it 's racist . 
  i 'm saying that you are racist , and that ** your racism stops you from even considering the fact that ethnicity means exactly nothing when it comes to western political unions . 
  **  ** you 're literally raising the least relevant point you could - `` why is n't your ethnicity preventing you from joining political alliances '' . 
  ** i can not make it any more clear than quotes posted above . 
  it 's clear from your utterly nonsensical response that you are either incapable of comprehending what is being said above , or are unwilling to do so . 
  i 'm not saying that * it 's * racist . 
  i 'm saying that * you * are racist , and that your racism stops you from even considering the fact that ethnicity means exactly nothing when it comes to western political unions . 
  what matters is having civilization on the same level of development . 
  you 're literally raising the least relevant point you could - `` why is n't your ethnicity preventing you from joining political alliances '' . 
  hint : ww2 is over . 
  you and your nazi allies that shared your opinion on ethnicity mattering for political unions lost . 
  deal with it . 
  same reason why turks need to be out . 
  civilization . 
  you know , like not thinking that discrimination based on racial features , such as for example suggesting that one 's presence in a political union should be dictated by one 's ethnicity . 
  which is indeed known as `` racism '' in civilized world . 
  no , but you have to be a proponent of a specific religion that insists on life being sacred in the womb to significant extent . 
  usually claim of soul entering the body at specific stage , which in christianity is at conception , creating the problem with abortion of the said fetus . 
  islam is actually in the clear on this one . 
  islamic doctrine states that soul does n't entire child 's body until a few weeks after birth ( exact week depends on which hadith you follow ) . 
   just because you may find something to be more important to you personally does not mean you are prepared to break the law to follow through with your preferences . 
  you seem to be missing the fact that you are forced to break the law regardless of what you do when there 's a conflict . 
  the only choice you get is * which law you break * . 
  it 's worth noting that currently consequences for breaking islamic law tend to be harsher in numerous cases , even in secular european states , due to persecution by the muslim community . 
  the only person who did that was you . 
  he merely stated that they were islamists . 
  they are , by their own admission . 
  it 's their core tenet . 
  racism .
