  this is the main reason why stable grid is a fairly recent phenomenon in developed countries , and a dream in developing ones . 
  having a stable grid with balanced input and output is really hard . 
  danish policies resulted in the current situation where they had to implement legislation to block coal plants they legally penalized into unprofitableness from closing just to keep grid up long enough until swedish and norwegian hydro can kick in when their wind power cuts off to a significant extent . 
  essentially dk grid is on the constant brink of blackout because it lacks spinning and cold reserve ( power genetators that kick in quickly and slightly more slowly in case of significant lack of input of energy into the grid to balance it out ) for events when wind power cuts off due to weather conditions . 
  that means that if you ca n't get power from elsewhere for those times , you 're going to have a grid collapse . 
  to avoid this , they basically pay both you and swedes to store water in your lakes when they 're overproducing , and run it through turbines and ship them the power when their wind cuts off . 
  it 's not a cheap thing to do , especially with needing all the expensive high voltage interconnects and having to pay for power when it 's more expensive due to more demand ( wind is n't overproducing - spot price on electricity spikes ) , but they have no choice in the matter due to aforementioned error in policymaking . 
  and over a long period of time , their power consumption looks balanced , because when their wind produces , it overproduces by a large margin , so they dump it outside their country on the cheap . 
  and when it 's not , they have to import more expensive electricity - and pay even more to ensure that this electricity is available fast enough on demand in the first place . 
  we finns really got to feel results of this policy last year . 
  we usually get extra power from sweden if necessary if we have too little during coldest winter periods ( our grid was supposed to have one 1600mw nuke we currently do not have running yet ) . 
  when swedes ca n't produce , we can usually get some from russia . 
  sadly last winter during cold spikes we had one day when a major plant had a failure during the coldest weather , sweden could not sell us almost anything because of their need to just keep danish grid up at all costs and russia was severely troubled with supplying crimea and had power shortage because of it as well . 
  it was a historic moment , our grid company announced that for the first time in a very long time they had to use all spinning and cold reserve they had to keep the grid up and running . 
  essentially due to the fact that dk swallows almost entirety of your surplus you used to sell to us just to keep their grid stable , we are now close to starting to suffer power shortage of a kind we did n't have in decades . 
  we 're not risking the grid like they are , so our need is lesser , but for grid designed as well as ours , situation like this is very much out of ordinary , for reasons we really can not affect ( areva , danish grid failure , russia 's troubles with supplying crimea ) . 
  not the way energy works . 
  your and swedish hydro is pretty much used up just keeping danish cluster fuck or a grid up . 
  whatever is left over is fed to us during winter since we 're down one 1600mw nuke and other baltic net importers . 
  we did . 
  we cleaned up their energy a lot . 
  they used to have old soviet age plants doing the same kind of burning . 
  now they have plants that are up to eu standards , and no longer pollute with so2 and nox . 
  most young people seem to have never learned or already forgotten that so2 and nox were the biggest environmental problem related to burning fossil fuels until very recently . 
  they literally killed nature in a large radius around them by acidifying rainfall . 
  it 's actually smart . 
  they get a solid source of hard currency as they export a lot to us finns during winter , as norwegian and swedish hydro is all tied up keeping the disaster that is danish grid up and running . 
  estonia 's emissions are mostly from burning their shale rock . 
  it 's basically local fuel which consists of about 70 % rocks , soil and so on and about 30 % oil-like substance that burns . 
  they have several plants that burn this in eastern estonia right on russian border that generate enough electricity for entire country and are also exported to their neighbours . 
  this fuel is really cheap as it 's locally sourced and ca n't really be burned outside those specialist plants . 
  we and the rest of eu invested a lot in modernising those plants to from soviet times so they do n't pollute quite as much as they used to . 
  as a point of comparison , the toxic ash that comes from these burners ( mass they burn is basically about 70 % of non-burnable compounds that become ash ) is dumped into nearby area which is now big enough to be seen from the iss with no magnification . 
  they 're a whole lot less polluting now , though the ash it still an issue . 
  at least they do n't shit on the locals with so2 and nox since they have been built to eu standards . 
  but they 're still emitting co2 obviously , since they 're still burning what is essentially oil to get energy . 
  those of us who are not communist can in fact afford to buy dictionary when needed , and not just once a year . 
  we also have the freedom to get more relevant and in depth books on the topic without going to gulag . 
  shocking , i know . 
  falsehood often spread by modern anarchists . 
  left as its political definition is not anarchist in any way . 
  modern anarchists do however have many elements on leftist ideology , which causes the misunderstanding . 
  one thing i like about the guardian . 
  when it reports on a factual event , no matter how desperately its reporter wants to spin it , no matter how brazenly he lies in the topic about `` the week '' , he has to at least shove the factual information in somewhere , even if he then spends far more time in the same article writing opinionated drivel on why facts are in fact wrong :  despite fears of a blackout , the lights stayed on for a record 107 hours between 6.45 am on saturday 7 may and 5.45 pm the following wednesday . 
  so a whole lot less than a week , and tethering on the edge of a blackout . 
   things may have been helped along by the fact that a good chunk of the 107 hours fell over the weekend -- when demand is lower -- and by an ** unusually co-operative mother nature , who saw to it that the sun shone and the wind blew favourably . 
  ** in other words , extremely rare event of fully favourable weather for entire week . 
  makes all the `` let 's aim for the same in uk '' notes funny . 
  good luck getting stable weather patterns in uk . 
  that 's going to be a challenge far greater than tackling global warming . 
  communism 's key tenets are tenets that define far left . 
  so yes , literal definition . 
  let 's see . 
  in national socialism , your individual genetics matter . 
  in communism , all that matters is that you 're one of the people . 
  internationalism is the key tenet of communism . 
  in national socialism , one is supposed to do his best to serve his nation and rise in ranks . 
  in communism , one is supposed to be one with the people and be satisfied with his lot in life . 
  they are literally the exact opposites . 
  which is why their methods often end up very similar , as it tends to happen with political opposites . 
  communism is the literal definition of far-left . 
  the ending brought a tear to my eye . 
  well done . 
  you quoted me out of context . 
  we 're done . 
  pretty sure many of the tens of thousands of arrested also used social media . 
  that 's a one misleading topic . 
  i 'm not accusing you of `` falsifying or polishing numbers '' . 
  that is a strawman . 
  i 'm saying that you are making claims based off such numbers , which is a factually correct claim . 
  your doubling down on these false numbers in spite of being pointed to in your last reply suggests malicious intent rather than ignorance . 
  so i will merely restate the other fact : your initial statement was purely about whitewashing apologism for religious intolerance and naked and completely unsubstantiated attack on secularism , specifically by falsely accusing secularism of producing results produced by tolerance of religious intolerance and extremism . 
  to summarise : 2015 called . 
  it wants its long debunked fallacies back . 
  success stories of britain and germany are based on falsifying or `` polishing '' the relevant numbers . 
  refer to child sex rings , attacks on british citizenry and military in muslim areas in britain and general migrant crime under reporting in germany for more details . 
  canada 's success story is based purely on blocking anyone they do not approve from getting entry into the state and carefully vetting anyone that wants to come . 
  it 's a situation that is completely incomparable to that of european countries due to geographic realities involved . 
  the `` secularism evil , tolerance and acceptance of religious intolerance good '' narrative you 're pushing here is a well documented failure . 
  it is in fact one of the key factors responsible for very problems you 're listing in france , as it was exactly that narrative that won over enforcing secularism in the troubled communities in french and belgian surburbs and jails . 
  hint : forced conversions to religious extremism in prisons and strict maintenance of same religious extremism within certain muslim communities is the exact opposite of secularism , the very ideal you have the audacity to blame for these failures . 
  on the last note , perhaps your biggest factual dishonesty so far is the claim that language equals culture in your false assertion that algerian culture was the same as french by any reasonable definition . 
  it is n't . 
  your logic is warped . 
  eu was instrumental in establishing the current methodology of securing the borders , and as such as in fact directly responsible for failures in it . 
  your argument is directly analogous to `` this particular attack is not actually an islamist attack , but a truck attack . 
  this is because islamists in general did not control this specific truck , but only one particular islamist did '' . 
  search google images for `` trump 's hair '' . 
  or in this case : the clock is not broken , you 're just looking at it only twice a day at specific times . 
  literally : `` he 's saying the truth . 
  but because he 's russian , it 's actually a lie '' . 
  the only thing that 's missing : mentioning of `` fake news '' . 
  in other news , water is wet , sun is hot and trump has weird hair . 
  problems being that it would have worked some five years ago . 
  if anything , it shows just how much worse things have gotten recently , as you can no longer be sure that other people are sufficiently aware of reality as to be sarcastic and not actually mean something like that . 
  please let this be a really bad attempt at sarcasm . 
  read the announcement . 
  this is exactly what is being created - a center of defending against `` news that is n't acceptable to government '' . 
  you appear to be giving a lot of faith that this will not be abused in any way . 
  i present that in light of evidence of current media behaviour pretending really hard that `` if truth is said by someone we do n't like , it 's actually a lie '' ( i.e.
