  everyone else is a loser there , and has been for quite a while . 
  lower middle class is increasingly falling into poverty as migration , both legal and illegal increases competition for work , all while automation and globalisation erode the amount of work available . 
  out of sight , out of mind only works for those who can afford it , and increasing amount of population is unable to afford it any more . 
  as a result , what you are completely missing is that the current course is the last hope for improvement these people have . 
  the course you like is a known entity to them - a path to utter misery . 
  you need to equally understand that when you start splitting hairs over terminology to make a point , you have likely lost the argument . 
  i have a boring day job that does n't require much attention and a good education base from university . 
  so i just have various educational videos and texts roll on my second screen while i work . 
  combine that with relatively high iq allowing for complex information collation and very good long term memory , and by the time you hit your mid thirties , your head is choke full of complex factual constructs like one above on how steel is made on wide variety of topics that concern things like engineering of various kinds and human history . 
  and what i do n't know on such topics , i can usually make sense of by searching on the internet for specific details relevant to the case and then collating the new information with what i already know to make sense of the whole . 
  which makes you a really interesting person to go out drinking with , but really boring to listen to when sober or not specifically interested in that subject , because you tend to go on these highly specific tangents that bore sober , less-than-interested people out of their minds within minutes . 
  for example , i knew most things about metallurgy above from the start , but i had to quickly fact check steel quality advancement in europe from the internet , as well as reference the dates on which longswords became common in europe . 
  that 's also why i enjoy typing out these long winded articles on variety on topic in places like reddit . 
  i often learn something new as i go as well . 
  you seem to think that i was debunking your post ? 
  i was merely continuing with the narrative you started and fleshing it out with specific examples . 
   early christianity is typically the period preceding the first council of nicea ( roman patricians , including the emperor constantine had already adopted it ) , and it was largely peaceful . 
  i have no idea where you get your alternative history , but in real world , the only times christianity was not violent before the values of enlightenment became popular was when it was not in position of power to spread through violence . 
  he 's saying the exact opposite . 
  he 's saying that they fucked themselves up , and he does n't have to care . 
  and if you look at african problems today , they 're the result of issues with african societies , and their utter lack of development , as well as extremely backwards cultures . 
  and before you go on `` but colonialism '' idiocy , here 's a hint . 
  these cultures were even more backward before it . 
  and much of the current worsening of situation is specifically about `` decolonisation '' , where african societies increasingly shift towards their originally backwards cultures , stunting the society in the process . 
  and he 's absolutely right . 
  you may not have noticed , but natural state of people is tribalism . 
  only a sorry excuse for a human being would pretend that suicidal altruism you espouse is somehow `` humane '' . 
  it 's the exact opposite . 
  because fuck the european people who have happy lives now because they worked their asses for it . 
  they should just accept the imported african misery because you say so . 
  and fuck the people in african societies suffering because of migration . 
  the fact that it does n't help african societies but actively hurts them , as they keep losing the most tenacious people they have that could have stayed and tried to use that tenacity to actually build up societies does n't matter to you even one iota . 
  because you genuinely do n't care about any of those people , european or african . 
  you just want to look good by showing off how `` humane '' you are , an fuck the people who are going to be your victims . 
  you could n't care less about africans you doom to misery , and you could n't care less about europeans you doom to misery . 
  all you care is looking good in the eyes of people similar to you . 
  to quote you :  you \u00b4 re a sorry excuse for a decent human being . 
  it 's far easier to see parallels between merkel 's `` everyone needs to share the burden of illegal migrants i invited to europe or i 'll use germany 's power within eu to penalize those who do n't '' and hitler 's `` europe should do as its told by me or i 'll punish them '' . 
  both parallels are absurd . 
  but mine is less absurd than yours on merits of the argument . 
  yeah , that 's the popular narrative among the mainstream left globalist movement . 
  it 's not that people are against their ideas , it 's that they voted thinking it 's just a protest . 
  that narrative was objectively demonstrated to be another piece of fake news in wake of both brexit , where may 's popularity is soaring on her insistence of brexit at all costs , and trump who 's voters are clearly very happy with him doing exactly what he promised to do . 
   academics have been building on them for decades i recommend reading on what academic intersectional feminism is . 
  that 's one of the main academic schools that was `` building on them '' , and `` training people that go work there '' . 
  i would call ussr style communism the lesser evil at this point . 
  at least ussr communism did not permanently assign you apartheid style permanent and irrevocable second class citizen status based on your race and gender , as intersectional feminism does . 
  you could still climb to the top in spite of being a jew , as evidenced by people in power in ussr . 
  there 's still some sanity left in those papers , as evidenced by their short bout of self-reflection after trump was elected in spite of their concentrated campaign of shrill screeching spinning anything and everything about him to look like he 's a cross breed of darth vader and adolf hitler . 
  which ended in less than a week as they doubled down the the said screeching after the election results were announced . 
  recent `` pewdiepie is a nazi '' debacle is actually an excellent microcosm of what was done to trump . 
  they literally took footage from video where he was ridiculing the same `` respected mass media outlets '' making a joke that if he dresses up in a military uniform and films himself watching adolf hitler , while making it crystal clear that it 's a joke about mass media 's clickbaity nature ... and they spun it into `` pewdiepie is a nazi hitler supporter '' , linking that very footage out of context as evidence . 
  that 's the very definition of fake news . 
  you take the footage , and you spin the narrative into the exact opposite of what it actually is . 
  this is something that was done to trump systemically for last year . 
  but the news with that is not that it 's something new that they do this . 
  the new was the fact that someone actually took this much spin , lie and defamation , and punched clear through it to be elected to the highest post in his country . 
  that is news . 
  and that is what has your holy cows in panic . 
  they see their choke hold on narrative is no longer holding , as people can ignore them and go straight to the source . 
  as in when someone spins the narrative based on words , people can just go and watch what he actually said instead on youtube . 
  so yes , your beloved holy cows of journalism ? 
  they are objectively and factually fake news . 
  and been that for a long time . 
  just as much as those conservative outlets you hate so much . 
  also overwhelmingly fake news . 
  both lie , spin and defame people routinely as a tool for attracting audiences in modern age of clickbait journalism . 
  the only difference is that conservative outlets need to do it less because hilariously , left has gone so extreme in the last decade , they are now further away from reality than right is . 
  to someone that grew as a leftist like myself , and is used to the exact opposite scenario , this is indeed a new thing . 
  and as such , left 's need for spin and lying to maintain narrative is greater . 
  so no , mainstream press is n't a victim here . 
  it 's the perpetrator . 
  victim is the truth , which is increasingly hard to find if you 're unwilling to do the legwork yourself and go to the original source , instead of just relying on the mainstream press to process the narrative for you and tell you what you should believe . 
  this shows just how far vilification in media has gone . 
  you do n't even know that he signed it back in the end of january . 
  he did almost everything he promised at this point that he possibly could have at this speed . 
  and media is dead silent on anything they can not spin and lie about to make it look like he 's evil . 
  he asked you a question how he 's authoritarian . 
  you stated that he 's populist , and did not answer his question at all . 
  in fact , you did n't even interact with it . 
  he 's obviously pointing out to the fact that extreme left that is used to commanding narrative and now seeing it slip is hammering on people calling them names and conducting character assassinations on regular basis . 
  his words had nothing to do with politician and everything to do with criticism presented . 
  shulz has zero hope of doing that . 
  when everyone is shifting in one direction , going in the exact opposite direction is a * dividing * factor , not a * unifying * one . 
  when you add to it his history with eu , and his views on eu , his policy would likely be the classic harder clenching of the fist to prevent sand escaping through it . 
  which will do nothing more but turn people even more against germany and eu than they already are . 
  and trends of division will accelerate sharply . 
  that said , there are just no good options for eu in european elections . 
  all mainstream candidates are extremely pro-unionist and have demonstrated preference of calling their opponents names instead of actually addressing their concerns . 
  which means that concerns currently pushing europe to the right will remain unaddressed , and current trends of nationalism will accelerate . 
  metallurgical problems . 
  they did in fact control for carbon content accurately in european crucible steel , because iron used in the crucible was almost pure . 
  so no need to hammer at it , you could just accurately add specific amounts of carbon . 
  that 's why it was harder . 
  japanese could not . 
  the iron they had to put into crucible was full of impurities , so while you could control steel for carbon content accurately , you could not control for impurities in the steel to the same extent . 
  that means you still needed to use hammering to get impurities out of steel after it was smelted . 
  hence the need for folded steel , rather than just hammering ingot into shape as europeans did . 
  and when you hammer out impurities from essentially thin folds of steel , you also lower their carbon content . 
  which means that you 're constantly between a rock and a hard place as a smith .
