  citing one of yours false equivalences as evidence for another is simply circular logic , and demonstrates nothing about either statement being correct . 
  in case of religion and law , it 's exceptionally self evident that religion and law are two extremely different things . 
  the entire concept of secularism , on which all modern western societies are built would be inherently impossible if you were correct . 
  essentially the only people i ever saw suggest this were either hard line islamists arguing for their cause , or hard line marxists when arguing against any and all forms of religion . 
  again , not even close . 
  look at the numbers : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chaebol samsung family group 252 trillion 348.7 shinsegae + cj + hansol groups samsung group 221 trillion 317.5 electronics , insurance , card , construction & shipbuilding samsung electronics 121.2943 105.3 electronics , lcd , tv , mobile phone , semiconductor entire electronics unit is barely over half of samsung group , and less than half than the family holdings . 
  the burn is real . 
  well done . 
  point being that samsung is both structured very differently to nokia and the fact that relation of mobile phones economic activity to size of entire comany is very different . 
  that makes direct comparison almost impossible to make . 
  what happened to nokia in the end was essentially surgical removal of mobile phones unit . 
  as a separate unit , it had limited impact on the rest of the company . 
  in case of samsung , i would expect that biggest impact would probably be political , as samsung competes with other chaebols for political influence . 
  you 'd likely see a bloodbath when lg , hyundai and others start fighting for political influence vacuum that would be left by samsung 's shrinkage . 
  and mind you , samsung electronics has barely over half of revenue of samsung group , and forms only about a third of it 's value . 
  and that is entire electronics unit . 
  this includes their phone unit , lcd and led panels unit , semiconductor manufacturing unit , tv manufacturing unit and other items like printers , computers , digital cameras , storage media and so on . 
  it 's major advantage is that it 's one of the few companies that holds experise in so many fields that it can make complex items like mobile phones , television sets and so on almost entirely from in-house components . 
  nokia mobile phones was about 2/3 of entire nokia . 
  rest of it is still around in form of nokia systems and networks , the network company . 
  it recently bought alcatel-lucent and is very much an industry leader in its own field . 
  it was saved from microsoft 's hug of death by the fact that it had little to no synergies with mobile phones unit and did n't carry strategic interest to us intelligence . 
   a christian would live his or her life according to their religion , as would a muslim or a buddhist , for that matter false equivalence ** again ** . 
  you are now trying to pretend that living your life in accordance with your religion is directly equivalent with having a comprehensive law code . 
  those are completely different things . 
    it 's not some kind of strange `` discrimination '' as you appear to be trying to sell it . 
   i have made no such claim either , of course many people around here seems to have this reverse persecution complex where they assert discrimination to claim a point of oversensivity , it is fairly ironic . 
  and yet , just in the previous post :  yes , i must be using `` the taqiyya '' , initial racial passive all middle-easterners have , it seems you could roll a saving throw however so the check failed . 
  i am annoyed by people who prefer to use `` scary arabic terms '' i rest my case on all points . 
  i will simply no longer respond to your ridiculous claims on akp topic . 
  it 's extremely self evident that they are islamist . 
  your denials are absurd to the extreme . 
  on the other topic . 
  one last time . 
  using specific terminology to refer to specific things is not a new thing , and it 's not some kind of strange `` discrimination '' as you appear to be trying to sell it . 
  and yes , we have specific cases of sunni using the exact same term to describe the exact thing , in recent history no less . 
  yasser arafat for example , used it to explain his peace dealings with israel and his talks with western media on the topic . 
  wikipedia article on the issue cites three relevant sources that say that you are lying : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taqiya  this practice is emphasized in shia islam whereby adherents are permitted to conceal their religion when under threat of persecution or compulsion . 
  however , it is also permitted in sunni islam under certain circumstances . 
  sources listed are :  abdul-raof , hussein ( 2013 ) . 
  schools of qur ` anic exegesis : genesis and development . 
  routledge . 
  isbn 9781135240967 . 
  in p. j. bearman ; th . 
  bianquis ; c. e. bosworth ; e. van donzel ; w. p. heinrichs . 
  encyclopaedia of islam 10 ( 2nd ed . ) . 
  isbn 978-90-04-11211-7 . 
  encyclopedia of islam . 
  considering you are also on record lying about akp not being islamist , i will take these sources over one person who is clearly pushing a very specific agenda and has been caught lying on the topic prior to making the claim . 
  i 'm talking about the obvious self-contradiction in your previous post . 
  and frankly , you think too much of yourself if you elevate yourself to a position where you think that your ignorance can `` hurt other people 's feelings '' . 
  at best it causes surprise at depth of ignorance and potential stupidity demonstrated by making two statements that are in direct contradiction with one another . 
  no , we do not . 
  the only counter claim you managed to find was referencing a completely different period in time , back when roman empire still existed . 
  there 's no `` we do n't know when it started '' issue . 
  we know exactly when it started - when canonisation occurred . 
  no , it 's an islamic term , and as such applies universally across all relevant islamist schools of thought . 
  shiites simply have to use it more than sunnies because of sunni persecution of shiites . 
  it 's not specifically lying , but lying in specific way under very specific circumstances . 
  it 's easier to use the specific term than type out `` lying to an apostate about one 's faith or committing blasphemy with permission from islamic teachings under auspices of pursuing islamist agenda '' . 
  same reason why you would type `` gravity '' instead of `` force of attraction that scales with mass of object and inversely with distance from the object '' . 
  when necessary , taqiyya is obviously applicable . 
  that said , their platform however is undeniably islamist , and quite a few in the party are openly islamist . 
  not entirely sure how you can deny that akp is an islamist party with a straight face . 
  i do n't invent terms either . 
  unlike propagandists such as yourself , i do n't need to . 
  i use the commonly accepted definition of islamism : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamism, 
  `` you 're racist for calling us racist . 
  no wait , we really are racist , but those other guys that have never been mentioned in this discussion before , they 're even more racist '' . 
  seriously , it 's rare to see someone deny something in first sentence , and then do a complete 180 in the second one . 
  old news , to the point where author does n't even know that labour reform deal has already been done . 
  it literally looks like she just copy pasted an old article from about a year ago . 
  that is false equivalence , which you appear to be aware of , as you specifically clarify that you are comparing `` god vs law '' to `` law vs law '' . 
  and then you appear to be drawing direct equivalence between the two , which is utterly absurd . 
  as has been pointed out above , islam contains a comprehensive legal code among other things within itself , because it 's not a religion , but a way of life . 
  christianity is a religion that has no comprehensive legal code within it . 
  so you can certainly draw a comparison that there are people in many faiths , not limited to abrahamic ones that do in fact think that god is greater than civil authority . 
  what makes islam unique is that in addition to this , it also has a comprehensive civil law , which is considered utterly barbaric by modern standards , which is revered to be perfect in islamic way of life . 
  and then , when as a part of islamic way of life people put * islamic law * above * secular law * is when we have a problem . 
  bible is not a law book . 
  again , this is false equivalence . 
  islam is a whole system of life , that includes a comprehensive civil law code . 
  there is no such thing in bible . 
  wrong time frame . 
  canonisation of christian faith with the deep study of doctrinal aspects of the faith only happened in 600s . 
  this is another misrepresentation of my point . 
  if you actually read my thesis spelled out above , it specifically states that christian dogma was the starting point , and the * process itself * progressed on its own . 
  it 's even more absurd to talk about * my christianity * . 
  i 'm not christian . 
  again , i talk about doctrinal issues within faith enabling specific societal elements . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  that is why i two starting words of the initial post were , and i quote , `` doctrinally speaking '' . 
  you are projecting many things upon me and my texts that are simply not there . 
  your thesis also implies that societal forces at the time where overwhelmingly anti-slavery . 
  this is patently false , as evidenced by the fact that non-christian people were still able to held as slaves , as they had no holy spirit within them . 
  correct . 
  sacred as defined in doctrinal religious terms . 
  if you choose to have different definitions , you are referring to different meaning of the word . 
  abrogation by its nature ensures that religion is not set in stone . 
  however the argument that anything can be abrogated in islam is what gets you death sentence in islamic states .
