  stick is letting people get used to it , as is the case right now , and suddenly stopping the gravy train . 
  air support does very little unless you have complete dominance in the air and willing to spend months bombing , while opponent has no anti-air capability to cause significant attrition . 
  even us air force failed miserably in first iraq war when it came to suppressing iraqi artillery ( there was little of it left in the second ) . 
  for all the pr about `` smart bombs '' , one of the main advantages of us in first iraq war was that its artillery outranged iraqi counterparts by approximately 10km . 
  that enabled us to lay consistent counter battery fire on iraqi artillery positions with impunity before each stage of the assault . 
  your angle is literally `` but if this was a superpower vs a third world shithole , we could do this '' . 
  it 's not . 
  detour you mention makes little sense . 
  we may as well ship them straight to polish and german ports . 
  maritime logistics are cheaper than rail . 
  and as for military , that information is very much counter-intuitive , but in reality , germany stumbled badly on long resupply chains that could n't just be shipped easily via rail due to different gauge . 
  fixing rail on the other hand is fast and relatively easy . 
  and with modern military engineering , you can replace large parts of railway rapidly . 
  essentially you 'll be shooting expensive rockets to damage what is essentially a bit of gravel , wood and steel , something that will be repaired within hours for a tiny fraction of cost it took to damage it . 
  having a different gauge on the other hand ensures that same locomotives and wagons can not be used for resupply . 
  i can understand cooperation with poland , but what do we have to do with financing it ? 
  we 're using russian gauge , and this seems to make it worse for us if baltics switch from our gauge , unless i 'm missing something , as now you ca n't ship via rail to russia and then to baltics using the same rail gauge . 
  for poland advantage is self evident , and for baltics , my understanding is that main concern here is national security . 
  it 's far harder to handle resupplies of invading forces over a different rail gauge , as was demonstrated during operation barbarossa . 
  if there 's someone with inside knowledge on this one , i 'd love to know the reasoning for our financing here . 
  yes , i know that finland and russia have different loading gauge since our rail system was only connected to russian imperial rail rather late and was standardised differently . 
  that does n't preclude from having load size that can accommodate both loading gauges . 
  not news , but a very old story from mid 2000s where this analysis was made mainstream in field of economics ( pre-credit crisis ) . 
  macroeconomically the main advantage germany gets from having weaker south european states that traditionally had high inflation currencies in euro is to artificially compress euro 's value making its export based industrial base more significantly more competitive . 
  dm would be far higher in value if economically weaker eu states were n't pegged to it as they are now . 
  it 's very high level currency manipulation however , and generally not considered targetable by currency manipulation measures . 
  if you do n't believe me , listen to less pro-german economists on topic . 
  folks like varoufakis have been calling euro `` basically deutsche mark '' for a long time . 
  how does this hold in light of romania 's assurances to eu over its attempts to tackle corruption ? 
  i 'm fairly certain it made significant concessions to eu on tackling corruption as a part of membership acquisition process . 
  are these no longer binding ? 
  i would recommend holding political violence as a last resort . 
  it has a nasty tendency of escalating rapidly into situations where all involved parties start wishing for status quo being restored . 
  parliament 's entire point is to make legislation . 
  that 's why they are called legislative branch of the government . 
  problem here is that people who actually support this kind of legislation were voted in . 
  so the question becomes : is this a problem with election system , or is electorate genuinely in favour/ambivalent on these laws and are protesters on the street a minority whereas minority just does n't care enough ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  we know well enough from snowden 's leaks that no privacy as explained was ever actually afforded . 
  we had a fig leaf of a deal in place before the current one to allow our politicians to pretend really hard that we had some privacy , it was ripped up in court , then same politicians concocted a new fig leaf of a deal in which is currently in place . 
  neither deal protected privacy of eu citizens from us spying in any meaningful way . 
  so this is media once again discovering the old policy that is bad `` because trump is evil '' . 
  and then pretends really hard that very similar or same negative was already present before . 
  `` privacy or modern social media and other us based it services - choose one '' adage was true for a very long time for eu member state citizens . 
  the actual problem is that both sides have significant amount of artillery along the frontline , which makes any push largely impossible without silencing opposing artillery . 
  artillery is what stopped both catastrophic failures of frontlines in last two years , one when ukraine almost managed to collapse the separatists , and one where separatists went on massive counteroffensive which almost collapsed ukraine 's defensive lines . 
  tanks can only push so far before they need resupplying , and artillery can utterly decimate any attempts of resupply within their range . 
  tank fuel and ammunition burns and explodes quite well you see . 
  it can also inflict significant damage on advancing tanks themselves if advancement paths are properly pre-sighted and artillery crews are experienced . 
  both of which are true at this point on both sides . 
  actually he just said the the story is 100 % fake , * and ended his thought on that * , moving to the next thought of `` you guys are discussing it as if it 's happened '' , clearly * referring to the narrative of the story * . 
  you decided to add the `` there 's nothing going on in the city '' to his thought on your own , to make it sound like he did n't just debunk the story , but actually tried to peddle something that was n't true . 
  essentially , * you added a lie to his quote to make it sound like he said something completely different from what he actually said . 
  * thing is , we can read the original post . 
  it 's just a few posts above this one . 
  so literally , `` enough of other sovereign states support it , so it 's ok '' . 
  thanks for at least agreeing with me on that one , even if you did n't even understand that you did so . 
   the eu is not stopping anyone from holding additional referenda to the contrary . 
  the eu is n't even allowed to hold such referenda , so why do n't you blame the ones who are responsible for these choices : the national governments ? 
  you seriously suggest that referenda on topics that are forced by eu on nation states are in fact the fault of nation states ? 
  i think we 're done pretending this is a coherent discussion . 
   the treaty was amended as a result of the irish no , and the same goes for other noes . 
  so i do n't see why any referendum has to be final unless of course , it 's the result eu wants , in which case it 's very much final . 
  citation : all referendums that ended positively from eu 's point of view . 
   `` the eu '' ? 
  or just the commission ? 
  appointed by the member states ? 
  the same member states that were represented again in the trojka ? 
  that hold extensive veto rights about financial matters in the eu ? 
  none of this whitewashing even begins to interact with statement you quoted :  as for statement of `` it has nothing to do with eu '' , i 'm sorry but just how stupid do you take everyone else for ? 
  are you seriously suggesting that eu as the key part of troika did not strong arm greek politicians after referendum for example ? 
  yes , the bought and paid for version of the story . 
  best that arab money can buy . 
  in reality on the other hand , we have open statements by ministers of same countries who provide detailed explanation on why their countries will not take any refugees . 
  my favourite one so far has been by qatari foreign minister , who explained that `` culture shock that poor migrants would experience from arriving in rich gulf states would be so distressing for them , that they want to spare them the suffering it would cause '' . 
  gulf stream appreciation thread . 
   did i committed a fallacy or am i factually incorrect . 
  neither . 
  you made an absurd analogy . 
  and now you 're offering a false choice . 
  hence the tantrums being thrown all around about it . 
  `` we have to listen to the people ? 
  fuck that . 
  we have so much history of not giving a toss about them , why do we need to start now ? '', 
  extreme example , but it portrays the general mood in that camp all too well . 
  whitewashing you engaged in does not remove the point of contention : that referendum going against the will of eu never resulted in any negative consequences for eu , as it always walked over the result . 
  only positive results were acceptable . 
  as for statement of `` it has nothing to do with eu '' , i 'm sorry but just how stupid do you take everyone else for ? 
  are you seriously suggesting that eu as the key part of troika did not strong arm greek politicians after referendum for example ? 
  really ? 
  we have first hand accounts of this from these people themselves , and you just openly call them liars here and now because it suits your agenda ? 
  except that i did n't get `` offended by language '' . 
  i pointed out the clear cut fallacy in your analogy , because humanitarian refugees are patently not treated like criminals . 
  even though in most cases , they certainly start as criminals , as they break the law entering the state illegally . 
  painfully good satire . 
  almost too on point . 
  expect hate for posting it here . 
  people do n't like themselves being ridiculed like this . 
  are you implying that uk must be tied down in terms of sovereignty to a larger entity , or else it will not be a viable state ? 
   that 's plainly and demonstrably untrue and not anything that an eu country has stated - there have been many across the eu on the eu .
