  as people lose the core reason for the conflict , new reasons will ( and have been ) invented to keep those invested in the conflict to keep staying invested . 
  but those reasons do not inspire the same fanatical fervour , which makes them less and less compelling as time passes and more and more commonalities eventually emerge . 
  in this regard , time heals all wounds once root causes diminish . 
  the fact that you and others attempt to list other reasons as main reasons for the conflict demonstrates that the core reason and fanaticism it invigorated in the people is largely gone . 
  it 's all about material , `` human realm '' issues now . 
  and those can be fixed with time , unlike the imaginary `` celestial realm '' grievances . 
  while soviet tech is known for extremely advanced automation is has , in general purpose built aircraft is designed to be as easy to operate in its normal operational envelope as possible . 
  major part of be-200 's normal operational envelope is in fact making these touch and go water surface landings . 
  therefore it should n't be very difficult to make these landings , if the aircraft was built in accordance with standard soviet doctrine of designing and building this kind of technology . 
  the fact that these aircraft can perform that particular maneuvre in a tight formation as shown in the video underscores this point . 
  if this was a difficult operation to perform , pilots would not massively increase the risk by doing it at the same time , on essentially the same surface this close to one another . 
  remember , that video is n't a publicity stunt . 
  it was a normal operation for the aircraft in question filmed by enthusiast on his phone . 
  they were fighting yet another forest fire . 
   now , you are confusing how countries choose to `` sanction slavery of foreigners '' vs islam itself sanction slavery in the modem age . 
  are these countries using the islamic text explicitly saying that they are slaves and having it written into the countries law ? 
  generally all states that accept sharia as a law . 
  a good list of such countries can be found by looking for countries who signed cairo declaration of human rights in islam , the islamic version of universal declaration of human rights which was rejected by the same states . 
  cairo declaration of human rights in islam clearly states that no human rights can be granted that are in conflict with sharia . 
  sharia codifies specific events in which slavery is acceptable , such as for example slavery of non-muslims . 
  it also codifies rights of women to the point where it 's very close to modern understanding of slavery . 
  a good example of this is saudi arabia with large amount of foreign workers who have no basic rights and are de jure property of their owner , as they have no rights of leaving their owner and their owner may use their labour as he sees fit . 
  and legal system will support owner should his slaves rebel and attempt to flee him . 
  women have similar limitations , to the point where richer saudi men plant tracking chips in their women so they can know where the woman is at any given time . 
  you could make correction stating that initial tenets of muhammad , from his meccan period before he became a conqueror take precedence . 
  those were largely peaceful and lacked much of the militarism , statism , imperialism and just sheer oppressiveness of his later teachings . 
  problem being that people who try to make this argument are being put to death in islamic states for apostasy even today . 
  the difference being that slavery that occurs in thailand is in fact illegal , and you will be prosecuted for it if light of publicity is shone on the slaver . 
  it 's a clandestine , illegal affair that must be hidden . 
  same will not happen in states where slavery is legal , such as those i cite above . 
  slavery in middle-eastern states is in fact legal . 
  many forget that they do n't even accept universal declaration of human rights , which requires you make things like slavery illegal , specifically because it contradicts core islamic tenets to the point where islamic states ended up having their own declaration of human right known as `` cairo declaration of human rights in islam '' . 
  that one specifically states that no human rights can ever contradict anything in sharia . 
  sharia codifies slavery as legal and acceptable in specific scenarios . 
  it 's actually not . 
  this is what aircraft is designed and built for , and it 's supposed to be very stable doing the water collection . 
  remember , it 's supposed to do a lot of these water collection runs in a single flight . 
  you ca n't make it a hard process requiring a lot of pilot skill , or you 'll have a lot of crashes . 
  linguistics actually play a decent role in crimea , in that crimea is essentially fully russian speaking , drawing a significant amount of ire from ukrainian nationalists who demand ukrainian in state institutions . 
  it 's one of the key disagreements between east and west in that country nowadays . 
  in current political climate , quite a few people will take you seriously , as noted by the voting behaviour . 
  these aircraft do n't launch filled with water . 
  they launch filled with concentrated retardant , and then fill their water tanks over any nearby water surface . 
  but hey , let 's bitch about evil russians . 
  eu has no comparable planes , so this is far more than double help . 
  be-200 are very much unique in how they are built for this task . 
  three comparable aircraft that exist in the world are far less efficient in firefighting task due to weight differential . 
  the aircraft sent by italy is most likely bombardier 415 , which has about half the carrying capacity , in addition to far less speed , which means far less water delivered to the site in same time frame . 
  not the biggest , but the best . 
  soviet union ( where these planes were designed ) has huge swathes of forests with no civilization within hundreds of kilometers , so they had to design aircraft that can perform firefighting duties as its main role with minimal local support . 
  so these aircraft literally make a speed glide on any water surface with scoops open . 
  they fill the water tanks in a few seconds of essentially gliding over water surface at high speed with scoops open pushing water into the tanks , then take off and go dump the load . 
  they can do this consistently as long as fuel lasts , unlike most firefighting aircraft in the world that has to go back to the base for refill . 
  even those with scoops that try to emulate this aircraft are far less efficient as they are not purpose designed for this kind of duty , or are so much lighter that they can not carry anywhere near comparable loads . 
  that makes them ridiculously efficient to fight forest fires , but such aircraft end up very much one trick ponies that are n't efficient for other tasks due to sheer weight of mechanisms needed to allow for safe `` scooping '' of water into the tanks with this level of efficiency . 
  the aircraft that italy sent for this task for example is less than third as efficient , as it has far less airspeed and around half the water carrying capacity . 
  old testament is another holy text in islam , and is overwhelmingly not tempered by new testament which is not recognized by islam as anything other than heresy . 
  instead there 's quran , hadith and sunna , which are inherently extremely resistant to changes ( minor changes in hadiths have kept islamic religious shia-sunni civil war going on for over a millenia at this point ) . 
  these also include fully codified and working civil law among other things , as well as specific claims to political power with no theological tools to temper these political ambitions . 
  that is why secularism is acceptable and was born out of christianity , but is heresy and punishable by death in islam for example . 
  it is also why those small sects that actually attempted to reform islam to the point where it would n't be an early iron age death cult aimed at conquest of anything it does n't yet hold to a more temperate , spiritual form of religion are violently persecuted by mainstream schools of islamic thought to this day , including in our own countries . 
  false . 
  islamic states to this day effectively sanction slavery of foreigners ( see working and legal conditions of gastarbeteiters , legal conditions in which their women reside ) . 
  the last major islamic empire in existence before they were crushed , ottoman empire legally mandated slavery all the way until its ultimate destruction last century . 
  not only did it legally mandate it , it specifically codified specific mechanics which required conquered regions to surrender certain people as slaves to the empire . 
  your time frame on the main holy book is also factually wrong by almost 700 years , and one on hadiths by about half a millenia . 
  i am once again suggesting you look * beyond * your age on the causal factors of the issue . 
  i recommend looking at history beyond your age . 
  not really going to work . 
  you 'd have large pr agencies just rule the roost . 
  individual messes would be quickly buried . 
  the only thing you really have is history of each publication and trust in the fact that they do n't want to torpedo their hard earned reputation . 
  deport locals , replace with immigrants . 
  are you a supporter of some kind of strange african/middle east/central asian lebensraum or something ? 
  influx is anything but a `` bulk phenomenon '' . 
  it 's an ongoing event that is not looking to die down any time soon . 
  right now we basically have flood gates on balkan route borders that are holding . 
  italy is leaking massively . 
  not sure about spain 's current status . 
  the horde of africans displaced by droughts that is headed to europe is not going to turn away easily . 
  reality as it actually occurs , rather than ideological mythos where your ideology commands the actual events . 
  would you like a list of events where countries assault their own territories ? 
  i can pull a fairly long one right out of my head . 
  it 's not even hard . 
  yugoslav war for example was full of such events . 
  so we 're talking about military assault that occurred , you decide to talk about events leading up to said military assault pretending you 're still talking about the assault itself using weasel word `` escalation '' to intentionally blur the difference . 
  then you proceed to claim otherwise . 
  as noted in the original post , this is what pr shilling that breedlove talks about in his leaked emails looks like . 
  a rapid twist if it 's a real one . 
  still , one has to wonder if it ever can be a deep one . 
  erdogan and his ruling clique are deeply islamist , and russia 's experience with islamism is a brutal one . 
  that sets very unmovable barriers to how deep a relationship this can be . 
  here 's to hoping that increasing secularism and reducing religiosity within our societies as it occurred over time especially in recent decades helps here . 
  the report implicated one side in the attack . 
  it 's was n't russia nor south ossetia . 
  you 're using weasel word `` escalation '' to dodge this . 
  it was n't just an escalation . 
  it was a full all out military assault by georgia . 
  probably not , because us geopolitical efforts took a massive hit just because the coup occurred . 
  cia is many things , but it is not stupid .
