  referendums are a terrible tool to take decisions , as the most vulnerable in any society become the victims of populism and misinformation . 
  same logic is easily applied to democratic election of leaders . 
  therefore , we clearly need dictatorship . 
  if anything , it shows that hitler was right in how he gained power . 
  or is it perhaps that your point of view is severely flawed on merits ? 
  it has to with rise of social justice movement , which works on `` we know what 's good for you '' platform . 
  my point is that czech diplomat backed the request . 
  that makes it essentially one sovereign nation representative asking another sovereign nation 's leader to apply nepotism to select its next ambassador . 
  even in us system , where ambassadorial posts are given based on political donations , that 's a bit over the top . 
  and frankly , it 's a completely different issue of nepotism in public office . 
  nepotism within private companies is to an extent acceptable . 
  it 's your company , you get to choose if you want to give a post in it to your family . 
  but running a state is not like running your private company . 
  in this regard , trump 's children made a very good call by stating that they will not be taking roles in trump 's administration . 
  it 's a part of having a warrior culture . 
  frankly , we could have more of that across european states . 
  warrior culture is important to have to ensure steady supply of good quality soldiers for nation 's army . 
  in other words , you have no evidence of your claims about trump , only evidence of someone else which you choose to project on trump because you have a desperate need for some dirt you 're flinging to stick and that is the best you can do . 
  electroshock therapy , or ect as it 's currently known is not `` barbaric '' . 
  it is used widely to this day in treating severe depression . 
  you are just as ignorant in this field as you are in the topic we are discussing . 
  such a person needs help desperately , because naive people get taken advantage of very quickly . 
  i have no suggestions . 
  the problem is simply too big to be fixed by any singular suggestions in the first place . 
  if it was , it would have been fixed by now , and smaller eastern european states like those in the baltic would not be suffering massive population upheaval they are going through right now . 
  the point of erasmus is building connections in other countries . 
  you go study for a while , go back , get your degree , and then use the connection to secure a job , apartment and basic necessities to move to the rich country to work and live there . 
  it acts as enabler for the brightest among young people to leave their native country for a richer one . 
  which is a huge problem in eu today for the poorer countries , which lose their best and their brightest . 
  and in case of smaller states , lose huge chunks of entire generations entirely . 
   so let them opt-out of the program if they really feel the need for it . 
  they ca n't . 
  it would massacre them in local elections . 
  people want their children to have better ability to migrate to a richer country . 
  even if it diminishes their own country in the process . 
  that 's why it 's an open secret that eastern european leaders have been asking western and northern european leaders to limit immigration on their end somehow to at least slow down the massive drain . 
  you can ask the baltic folks here in this forum - their nations are straight up getting depopulated with huge amounts of young people leaving the moment they get their degrees . 
  that 's a first . 
  a country asking for nepotism within state structures of another country openly . 
  what exactly can europe do at this point ? 
  turkey is a sovereign nation and its leadership enjoys wide popular support in the country . 
  if anything , asking for foreign intervention of some kind in your own domestic politics is just damaging yourself in the eyes of people of your state . 
  last option being the alliance between current eu and russia , with eu providing the economic muscle and russia providing geopolitical expertise currently provided by us . 
  we got pretty close to it in 2014 when us neocons triggered the poison pill of ukraine . 
  us does n't tolerate peer competitors , and eu is not one without geopolitical expertise , which it sorely lacks . 
  it 's not even about nato . 
  russia has its hands full with its current borders . 
  having to conquer and subjugate resisting people is simply not something it has resources for for foreseeable future even if political will was there . 
  he 's talking about federalizing around eurozone . 
   he suggested the eu could only be saved by focusing on its `` beating heart '' , the 19 countries inside the eurozone . 
  i would say that if you want demise of eu , that 's a good way to go about it . 
  le pen would get easily elected on platform of resisting submission to such a system , and then put a referendum in france for leaving the eu , which is currently easily winnable . 
  which would essentially terminate the eu as a political and economic union entirely . 
  that is his platform . 
  he distinctly says he opposes the direct democratic referendums in the story . 
   he condemned referendums as `` instruments of distortion and massive disinformation '' , adding that `` each time a referendum on europe is called , the answer is no '' . 
  this is essentially an outright panic among the elites who slowly come to realise that their carefully constructed propaganda machine is less and less efficient at controlling the people who can still in fact vote against them even when under massive media assault . 
  erasmus is not really all that cheap when you consider what it achieves . 
  but it 's exceptionally good at bringing young people to study in other eu countries , and hence allowing them to network outside their own state . 
  it 's a very valuable experience , that is generally a large net positive in terms of economic activity for state where student later chooses to stay after graduating . 
  problem being though , that it also causes brain drain in poorer countries . 
  erasmus student goes to spend his time in richer european country , and then stays there to work and live . 
  that means that poorer european country just lost the entire investment into that student so far , whereas richer country essentially got a worker without supporting him throughout his childhood and adolescence . 
  in this regard , poorer eu nations like slovakia are in fact getting shafted , and richer ones like mine are benefiting . 
  so there is logic in trying to prevent the brain drain . 
  they have been rumbling about it in eastern europe for a long time at this point . 
  the sheer amount of ignorance of how world works and general naivete on show in this post is staggering . 
  frankly , if you 're older than early teens , seek help . 
  or reality of how everyday life works among humans will destroy you when you actually encounter it personally . 
  desperate attempt to shift onus of evidence . 
  you are the one making the accusations . 
  onus of evidence is on you to prove the accusations . 
  as you have systemically failed to produce any evidence at all to your claims in spite of being asked several times , i 'm forced to conclude that you have no evidence whatsoever , and you 're just making baseless accusations . 
  a common feature for trump opponents . 
  so your entire platform is `` some quotes i ca n't source at all , and the fact that racists endorse him '' . 
  okay . 
  name me one major politician in us that has never been endorsed by people generally found immoral . 
  you 'll forgive me if i do n't hold my breath . 
  his own party leader is swimming in deep shit after dropping him in the middle of election process . 
  at this point , he 's one of the few people that actually have a reason to fear trump taking vengeance upon him . 
  trump is known for being vindictive towards those that betray him . 
  did you have anything that trump himself said , or are we just taking words of trumps enemies as gospel about him now ? 
  because there are quite a few people that tell us that he 's worse than hitler . 
  like most such people , they are delusional . 
  he literally says he will protect them . 
  and people cheer . 
  loudly . 
  are you implying that he will only protect them from one foreign ideology , and not in general ? 
  i 'm quite intrigued to see the evidence of this . 
  judging by your tone , you must have heaps of evidence of him saying that sexual minorities must be punished or worse . 
  citations please . 
  would you like some meat so you can cook it using tin foil left over form making that huge tin foil hat of yours ? 
  okay so the sleigh is wood , as is the attachment minus the belts . 
  and they 're not even using a rope to do the attachments . 
  you can see parts of some kind of plant fibre poking out of the part where the arch above the horse connects to the wooden piece that is attached to the sleigh . 
  talk about organic living . 
  russia is in fact quite friendly today . 
  just visit as a tourist , you 'll be surprised if you think they 're xenophobic . 
  if anything , russians are well known for their hospitality , especially in rural regions . 
  the bone you have to pick is with their government at best and your own propaganda machine at worst .
