  also , people generally like living in conditions similar to where they are born . 
  indians for example often prefer getting expensive electronics and keeping archaic toilets when they enter higher earning professions . 
  and of course , not everyone just wants to be a metropolitan city dweller . 
  essentially three main factors can be identified : 1 . 
  significant solidification and increase of power of state structures , allowing for far greater control over corrupting and criminal elements on systemic level . 
  exodus of men of working age to work in eu , which is the highest risk group . 
  substantial increase in wealth and reduction in poverty . 
  basically , eu integration has been a major positive for estonia ( and baltics in general ) in this regard , through one could argue that # 2 also carries a lot of negative connotations . 
  no , i 'm just pointing out the obvious fact that you have no clue on even recent history , much less distant one in your blind hate of russia . 
  as such , the accusations you level should be taken with appropriate level of seriousness . 
  which is relevant to my post because ? 
  i usually convert to them when i go to 3rd world countries , because these often trade at better exchange rate with small local exchanges to local currency than smaller bills ( and far better rate than you would get at your bank ) . 
  you just need to know to ask for it when you ask about their rates . 
  this is in part because they are so wanted by money launderers , so the intent of the ecb is right on the money . 
  single biggest issue in steel production is energy cost . 
  as you may know , china has a huge electricity deficit and energy is expensive and mostly based on really smoky old coal technologies . 
  the issue is mostly about state support to the industry to let it take the necessary market share before letting them compete on equal terms . 
  that 's how globalization works . 
  they have done it in many industries , and they want to do it in steel as well . 
   russia will never give up any conqured land how do you recognise a stupid shill ? 
  he 's one that does n't know his ass from his head when it comes to subject being discussed . 
  hint : yinglong ( tarabov ) island , heixiazi ( bolshoi ussuriysky ) island , july 21 , 2008 . 
  facts . 
  they really suck when they do n't agree with your agenda . 
  you appear to not have even read the contents of links i provided , as you are arguing as if the facts presented in those do not actually exist . 
  we know enough to the point where bbc had to apologise officially for becoming nothing but mouthpiece of security apparatus openly dispensing lies to population in order to turn public opinion on the side of starting a war on a sovereign state and destroying it . 
  and we also know that they did in fact know that there was no threat . 
  read the content of the links . 
  notably this was the second such event in recent history with such a gravely severe goal . 
  first was in afghanistan , which resulted in the same thing . 
  the actual main source of the supposed `` state terrorism '' that was the official objective of these two wars was and remains in saudi arabia and it 's consistent efforts in spreading wahhabbist militant islam worldwide by any means necessary , which as a close us ally and it 's main ally in middle east is obviously exempt from being featured on the said hit list . 
  if what is happening now is `` hybrid warfare '' , then actions undertaken in 2003 are full blown `` hybrid assault , blitzkrieg and military offensive '' at the very least , as disinformation was : 1 . 
  spread far more aggressively . 
  featured far less factual truth and far more factual lies , often being outright lies with no kernel of truth at all . 
  had far more militant and severe goals . 
  `` misleading '' flair . 
   so the statement that they did n't have it is false . 
  the statement is objectively false and any claim otherwise `` because they used to have them '' is an obvious and factual lie when talking about what i was talking about . 
  you are attempting to lie by talking about a completely different issue from a different war and then intentionally confusing it with second iraq war . 
  iraq did no have chemical weapons , nor did it have capability to strike with them in 24 hours in 2003 . 
  this was the lie spread by us and uk intelligence through the mass media before the invasion of 2003 . 
  suggesting that their claim was true `` because they had them in 1988 '' is akin to suggesting that libya is currently a stable state because it was one 12 years ago . 
  it is both stupid and an obvious lie . 
  * reminder : the topic of discussion was that intelligence services affecting mass media to peddle a specific narrative is an act of `` hybrid warfare '' . 
  my claim is that if this is correct , then us and uk were committing acts of hybrid warfare on their own population and population of other western countries in 2003 when they spread the lies of vast capability of iraq 's capability to strike with chemical weapons within 24 hours . 
  * these were objectively and factually lies , which came to light after the invasion . 
  iraqi kurds coming to finland were the same . 
  they would use funds gathered here to send help home , they 'd go home and they 'd view iraqi kurdistan as their home . 
  same applies to somalis , with some of the folks who came as refugees and ended up with finnish citizenship becoming policians back in somalia , going as far as becoming presidential candidates . 
  when you come from a culture so different from local one that you ca n't really integrate without losing most of your own culture , you fail to integrate and instead either go back or bring problems you had before into your new country of residence . 
  i 'm always mystified by people who think that people just forget their own cultural issues when they come here as refugees . 
  they never do . 
  some manage to bury the problems deep enough for them to rarely surface outside direct contact with their antagonists , but most continue to carry a chip on their shoulder for the rest of their lives . 
  source : i grew in the single most foreign-dominated neighbourhood in \u00c5bo back in 1990s . 
  that was back when there was n't the antagonistic feeling toward them that we have today . 
  still back in school somalis would overwhelmingly stick with other somalis , kurds with kurds , albanians with albanians and so on . 
  the only ones who would integrate and let locals into their circles were those from nearby cultures : russians , estonians , swedes , etc. 
  another interesting group was children of vietnamese boat refugees , but those were sort of half and half . 
  they integrated , they 'd work hard and you could make friends with them , kind of . 
  they did n't have the same `` fuck off '' attitude towards locals other kids from far away places overwhelmingly did . 
  but they always were a bit impenetrable , and never let you get too close . 
  luckily there is n't enough of them to really start causing significant problems , or be able to completely slummify neighbourhoods yet here in finland , so when they grow up , they 're forced to at least accept local culture if they want to live in it . 
  it 's not like some of the m\u00e4lm\u00f6 neighbourhoods , where they can just live their entire lives in what is essentially a miniature turkey . 
  that looks like a far more feasible explanation for these actions than the shocking headline posted . 
  what about it ? 
  we 're talking about second iraq war . 
  seriously , this is not new or interesting . 
  it was known for a long time , and it exploded long ago when uk officials lied to bbc and after it managed to information before the invasion that they were lying , it was pressured into not releasing it and sticking with the lie . 
  here are some of the references : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/september_dossier https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bush%e2%80%93blair_2003_iraq_memo http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8377492.stm the scandal was big , because unlike private news corporations that can lie with no consequences , there are specific expectations from bbc to stick to the truth regardless of what military tells it , especially after their actions in falkands war . 
  on a final note , massive downvoting of relevant facts and massive upvoting of pro-propaganda claims that have been debunked is very telling of confirmation bias caused by said propaganda . 
  remember the hammering in of the point `` iraq has chemical weapons and is ready to strike in 24 hours '' that was spread through mass media by us and uk intelligence officials and latter rebutted as complete and utter lie after iraq was defeated ? 
  apparently we were in a hybrid war against us and uk back then and their intelligence services were conducting acts of hybrid warfare on their own citizens . 
  or is that called that just when it 's someone that those two do n't like ? 
  a very good move . 
  get the people rehabilitated , not let them and their addiction continue in jail , corrupting those around them in the process . 
  their locations were never secret from those who wanted to know . 
  what is secret is what 's happening inside them . 
  these are basically industrial complex bases more so than cities , with living spaces integrated . 
  think us military base that has personnel living on site . 
  another equivalent is the european nato site : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supreme_headquarters_allied_powers_europe#life_at_shape, 
  once you graduate from virginity , you 'll realise that fucking does n't actually take hours in most cases . 
  and that in many cases , it does n't make you sleepy . 
  and now i know i 'm talking to a truly ignorant propaganda peddler that lacks both desire and means to comprehend complexity of the subject . 
  after first accusing me of not understanding what index means and offering the most idiotic definition one could offer , you are now completely off the rocker suggesting that all the points raised are moot because the index puts russia low . 
  of course it does . 
  it 's designed to measure the * specific form of oppression that needs to be used in russia to dispence propaganda because the means used in the west are not effective due to traumatic past in ussr * . 
  do you even understand that you just agreed with half of my point ? 
  of your intellectual capacity apparently . 
  you are unable to even comprehend that `` stated purpose '' does not mean `` actual results '' . 
  in case of press freedom , it 's a * simplification of best effort study of specific criteria and attempt at quantifying it in a simple number . 
  * that is all these studies that attempt to quantify the complex criteria into simple number are . 
  suggesting this as absolute measurement of intent is not just against the very idea of what they are doing , it 's also a paramountly idiotic idea in general . 
  in context of my previous analogy , you now stated that farmer saying his vegetables are still growing in the field is an absolute measurement of stability of the planet 's entire ecosystem . 
  as for the rest , centralization of control over major mass media is well documented . 
  all you need to do is google for it . 
  in fact , folks advocating for press freedom continuously expressed their massive reservations because of the said issue occurring and them not being able to accurately quantify it like they can with easier issues such as government oppression . 
  for example , press ownership is far more diverse in russia than it is in us , owing mainly to severe experiences they had during ussr . 
  that is why more direct oppression is necessary there - centralization is simply too difficult because motivated people who grew during soviet era and do not want to go back are plentiful . 
  at the same time , there is no such traumatic experience in us , which made it far easier for the big six to lobby for repealing of relevant legislation and centralization of control . 
  this is not new and shocking information , it 's quite well documented : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/concentration_of_media_ownership,
