  if you force such aircraft to take such maneuvers , it will still fly home safely , but it will likely need long checks on the ground to see that there is no damage to internal structures and it will reduce the life span of the parts that have to eat the significant and sudden g-force load from these maneuvers . 
  you forgot to deny my very existence for the full bouquet of `` how to not argue against points '' . 
  it 's normal to fly spy planes without transponders . 
  one of the major points of such flights is to put economic strain on the opponent , forcing him to scramble his aircraft . 
  fighter/interceptor aircraft have engine lifespan that is less than tenth of that of a spy plane , and typical scramble usually needs at least two aircraft for the interception . 
  as for the `` oh noes , they 're flying without transponders '' , that is what you call propaganda . 
  it 's necessary to trump opposition against the intended opponent , and you do this by describing to the normal procedures using adjectives that sound extremely negative such as `` dangerous '' , `` unusual '' and other negative sounding buzzwords . 
  the `` flying close '' is essentially the only real answer that interceptor aircraft have to these operations . 
  airframe fatigue on the long haul spy aircraft is one of the main limiting factors of lifespan , just like engines are on the interceptors . 
  by forcing the spy aircraft to make evasive movements , they put extreme levels of stress on airframes of these aircraft that over time generates metal fatigue and reduces useful life span of the airframe . 
  obviously . 
  but it 's hard to get full lists . 
  on the other hand , if we set precedent that if you manage to get inside data on tax evasion from companies built around creating tax evasion , we 'll buy it from you for tax checking purposes , you 're going to get neutral agents on the job , instead of just the agents representing interests of soros and his ilk . 
  this is one crime that any sane person that wants maintenance of modern western states would support . 
  we need information on these systemic state-demolishing tax evaders , and it appears that they and people on their payroll have effectively penetrated the government systems designed to keep them in check . 
  with governments being thus rendered helpless against this threat , we need other means . 
  if you 're against this because you 're right wing , consider this the privatisation of tax monitoring . 
  if you 're on the left , consider it the replenishment of society 's ability to keep it 's richest from corrupting the system . 
  people that get to observe the future damage of globalisation first leave in spite of all the bones globalisation movement throws them . 
  shocking . 
  how dare these dogs refuse the treats of their masters and demand better status for themselves instead ? 
  you appear to have completely missed the argument :  children are literally the base form of social security . 
  you also appear to utterly miss the discussion that followed it , which clearly outlined this to be a base evolved biological driver in our species . 
  we do not `` think about it '' any more than we `` think about '' satisfying our other basic biological impulses . 
  that is utterly irrelevant , simply because that 's pointing out something that everyone in russia and outside of it is well aware of . 
  there 's a reason why russians make so many jokes about just how corrupt their leadership is . 
  heck , a large portion of putin 's `` yearly address '' videos that i 've seen so far has been about russian people complaining to him about local leadership corruption citing very specific examples and him openly acknowledging it and promising to look at cases being listed in the addresses on national tv . 
  you really do n't get any more accepting of this being a fact on high leadership level than that . 
  you are in stark disagreement with our history as species , as we had plenty of children before farming was invented . 
  it 's my understanding that while they 're increasingly uncommon in the cities ( destruction of nuclear family is in large part due to urbanisation and mobility it brings ) it 's still prevalent in rural areas . 
  problem being that urbanisation has in fact depleted rural areas of people quite severely , so rural folks having more children has less effect on overall population numbers than before . 
  study you link appears to discuss morphology rather than genetic adaptation . 
  biological impulses are driven by genetic adaptation rather than morphology . 
  the amount of facepalm needed here would need a good portion of human population of the planet . 
   and the simplest alternative solution to anything is to dump money on it . 
  the only reason this is considered actually functional is because most people are utterly incapable of thinking on scale grander than a few years and bigger than `` immediate and concrete project that is feasible '' . 
  example : how much money would you need to make sustainable fusion power generation possible ? 
  how much money would you need to make universal antidote against all illnesses ? 
  how much money would you need to lift our species out of the gravity well of our current stellar body and propagate it onto others ? 
  reality : pumping more money into problem that is an extremely high hanging fruit is generally not beneficial , and often downright harmful ( natural tendency of wanting to prolong the progress to milk for more money steps in ) . 
  not to even mention the fact that there are simple cases where laws of nature dictate that no solution exists and no amount of resources our species would spend on solving the problem would help it . 
  our current progress has been almost entirely due to picking low hanging fruit in science . 
  we 're already peaking out in many fields where combination of our natural inefficiency due to the way our brain is built and is able to process information is effectively blocking our advancement in many fields where advancement is still possible using the limited resources that exist on our planet and can be realistically tapped by our species . 
  sustainable power generation through nuclear fusion on the surface of our planet is an excellent example of such problem . 
  literally our very existence is owed to this process on our star , but laws of nature essentially dictate that to get this reaction , you need conditions of a star . 
  which is extremely difficult to control on planet surface . 
  that is why fusion power generation has been a `` problem that we 'll solve in 50 years '' for well over 50 years at this point , in spite of all the money pumped into the problem . 
  and on a far higher level , severe long term existential problems are not solvable by pumping more short term intraspecies resource into them . 
  they are solved by dramatic changes in social and biological structures of species , or extinction of said species . 
  i recommend a dictionary . 
   bad economy is used as an outlet because it is the only thing that can change to improve the situation for those who do want to have children . 
  and yet , we are not observing this in states that do support their children more , which would be a requirement for your hypothesis to be true . 
  problem with hitting replenishment rates is universal among developed states that have gotten rid of nuclear family on sociological level , regardless of their economic realities . 
  remind yourself that problem with replenishment rates started long before the current crisis . 
   you ca n't employ collectivist solutions in an individualist society . 
  humans as species are utterly dysfunctional in an individualist society on biological level , and inability to even sustain population in such societies is one of the symptoms of this reality . 
  reminder : nature applies only one test to viability of species . 
  we are on the peak , and as replenishment rates in states that are on peak of individualist sociological development show , it 's an evolutionary dead end on biological level . 
  the exact opposite . 
  they have not adjusted , while social norms have destroyed the basic family unit they were evolved for . 
  again , you are looking at normal biological impulses reacting to severe sociological destruction of nuclear family and now to large extent even immediate family . 
  same as happened before with any event that resulted in child not supporting his parents , due to dying , moving away or any other reason . 
  you got enough children to ensure that replenishment rate was sufficient regardless . 
  that 's why relevant studies talk about `` replenishment rates '' . 
  you make it sound like our development has n't compensated for lost children . 
  if it was so , we would have gone extinct as species long ago . 
  our biological impulses have n't even adjusted for early farming , much less to the advanced age of plentifulness we 're living in . 
  by that logic , out entire existence is a pyramidal scam , because that 's exactly how it works . 
  limited to essentially all species within biosphere of this planet . 
  reality is that this is not how it worked throughout most of our existence as species . 
  this is further reinforced by the fact that biggest breeding events for our species occur immediately after major disasters , when our ability to support offspring is at its lowest . 
  you can distil this to the very lowest instinctual level , where people in severe and immediate danger get significant desire to sire progeny/get inseminated . 
  the major factor here that is generally not politically correct is destruction of nuclear family . 
  in the past , it did n't matter that your society was hitting a major economic upheaval because your parents and grandparents would provide material support for continuation of legacy , and as such continuation of social security . 
  this is largely destroyed in the developed countries outside the rich circles , which means that you often do n't even have the couple to support the children , much less a nuclear family . 
  this , far before the economic issues is the main problem here , but it 's very politically incorrect of a problem to discuss . 
  so `` bad economy '' gets used as a politically correct outlet , even through there 's massive evidence throughout history that bad economy typically triggers the exact opposite reaction to bearing offspring in our species . 
  idiotic argument on principle . 
  people need children to continue the legacy and support them when they 're old . 
  children are literally the base form of social security . 
  that 's why developing countries have a problem with too many children . 
  here in developed countries , we share the burden of social security to help those that need it but would n't be able to get help . 
  but problem is that it results in the current culture of expecting government to pay for social security , not recognising where the government raises the funds for said social security . 
  the actual argument here is `` people want social security for themselves , but are unwilling to produce children who will pay for it in the future '' . 
  there is no pretending here , other than your pretending that word `` opposition '' means something completely different from what you want it to be in this context . 
  ldpr is a party in parliamentary democracy that is not in government but is in the parliament . 
  therefore it 's in opposition . 
  again , by your logic , there is zero opposition parties in finland . 
  in fact , there 's zero opposition parties in most western states , because most parties do in fact agree on most major policy points nowadays . 
  the difference in advanced western democracies typically lies in minutiae of policy . 
  by very defition of the word , ldpr is in fact opposition . 
  you would have to redefine the word `` opposition '' completely to suggest otherwise . 
  your definition appears to be `` any party that supports some of the policies of the government '' . 
  by that definition , there are no opposition parties here in finland . 
   the french , the english and we here in sweden must join and reocognize that more restrictive solutions are necessary it is not that easy to change opinions of people who have been programmed by specific propaganda to an extent that we have seen so far when it comes to islamic migration . 
  as noted in example of france , the best tool against this programmed response of `` cry racism '' is direct fear for one 's own well being . 
  that is pretty much the only tool remaining that can override the programmed response and result in corrective action . 
  and to get that , situation must become even worse , to the point where it starts to truly impact upper middle class , and not just lower middle class and working class who have to live next to these people and actually see what they are like in everyday lives . 
  in essence , realistically situation will have to get much worse before it can get better . 
  we 're nowhere near the bottom yet .
