  notably , this is something that islamists themselves openly profess . 
  recent `` why we hate you and why we fight you '' article penned by islamists in the is 's official magazine explains this issue very well . 
  ottoman state was successful because it peaked during the time when all it 's major european neighbours were at their worst . 
  russia was suffering from barely surviving the invasion of golden horde , which also damaged european nations . 
  uplifting from dark ages and ottomans severing silk road also harmed the rest of europe severely . 
  ottoman rule itself was utterly brutal . 
  they had policies in place which would literally mandate theft of first born from every family that was in conquered european lands , train them into soldiers , forcibly convert them to islam and then use them as shock troops against their people . 
  it was these shock troops that made them able to conquer , and it was rebellion of these shock troops later on combined with age of sail breaking ottoman blockade on silk road that sealed their demise . 
  ottoman empire legal system and rights granted based on it were still based on islamic law , which dictates the rights of women very rigidly to a position which is progressive ... for an early iron age culture . 
  in europe on the other hand , women could even rule entire countries ( victoria , catherine ) , and if they owned property they could vote when parliamentary systems were established later on . 
  their rights were n't as rigidly fixed , and as a result while islamists did in fact start out as progressive in terms of women 's rights back when islam was created , they were hopelessly backwards by the time of ottoman empire , simply due to the fact that islamism has internal mechanisms that completely block any progress . 
  there was religious freedom to much wider extent especially in northern europe which eventually did get transplanted into rest of europe . 
  it got effectively enshrined some time after 30 years war , which basically established a point to the rulers that if you push too much religiosity on people , results are utterly devastating for the country and its population . 
  so leaders still used god to help motivate people , but religion was no longer used as primary reason for wars . 
  experience simply dictated that as a tool for creating war , it was too unstable and uncontrollable . 
  the result was far greater relious freedom which eventually developed into modern secularism in the europe . 
  islamic world has nothing even remotely comparable , as its own religious civil war is on low burn and still ongoing as it has been for almost a millenia at this point with complete support from relevant leaders . 
  it also helps that on ideological level , islam is an ideology of conquest and subjugation , while christianity is an ideology of self betterment . 
  both can be used as motivator tools for warfare , but only one requires it on theological level . 
  it 's just how media works . 
  people are getting more and more certain that they do in fact want to leave , even scots are sticking with the decision as they are now appearing to reject new referendum on leaving uk as sturgeon was so quick to threaten after the brexit results . 
  so now the regressive part of media that needs to keep up the narrative . 
  guardian was literally advertising `` if you like our ( extremely one sided ) reporting on brexit , give us money '' a few days after brexit vote . 
  they need to stick to their pledge . 
  hence these stories . 
  you always get a bunch of people , including in here that get on these bandwagons when they 're going . 
  be they anti-russia , anti-us , anti-uk , or whatnot . 
  but most people in actual countries are not usually like that . 
  they 're far more neutral and they resist getting on the said bandwagons very strongly . 
  this site is basically a demonstration on `` the more you clench your fist to prevent the sand escaping , the more it will flow through your fingers '' . 
  information in internet age is like that . 
  the more mass media doubles down on not reporting or misreporting things due to its biases , the more popular the sites that will deliver the other side of the story get . 
  and those sites will not have any qualms about peddling biases of their own . 
  that 's why actually neutral media is important to have . 
  and there 's really no such thing left in europe . 
  even der spiegel went full regressive lately , as they double down on the narrative pushing over factual reporting with their reporting on afd 's victory , which focused on everything but afd 's achievements . 
  it 's my understanding that for too deeply catholic people , there 's anal . 
  you forget the most important part . 
  that 's what you do at weddings of other people . 
  meet those that are n't taken yet , and test drive the chemistry . 
  and over three thousand random internet people now that it 's been posted here . 
   they 're not doing that by ship . 
  yes , because there 's no port infrastructure in riga that was built in tallinn to service leningrad just before the collapse of ussr . 
  as a result , infrastructure is just not there for massive travel . 
  so they just bus people and their alcohol trolleys . 
  busses are good in that they just need decent road infrastructure , and can go basically anywhere as long as that is present . 
  passenger ships require maritime support infrastructure on land which is complex and expensive to build . 
  no baltic state alone could hope to get resources to build up such infrastructure due to inherent lack of demand due to small population base , and complete lack of political will for extension of infrastructure network to the large states that could potentially be serviced by such a port . 
  that 's why we have huge port facilities aimed at servicing that market all around the south-eastern finland instead . 
   i am not aware of soviet union building any great passenger port facilities here . 
  nothing new there . 
  every time we discuss historic facts , you demonstrate astounding depth of ignorance whenever it 's something that does n't paint russia and soviet union in extremely negative light . 
  such as `` i will completely ignore the fact that they built massive amount of port infrastructure , which was later built on to expand it into passenger port facilities , and pretend that these things are completely unconnected . '', 
  pretty standard fare for you . 
  and no on eu being important to bilateral relations . 
  finland went all in on uplifting estonia after independence . 
  it 's that investment that drove the relations . 
  if one of us was to exit eu in a year or two , we 'd likely have fast track agreements in style we have with other nordics , which would likely guarantee more rights than we currently have in bilateral relations just like the agreements among nordics typically grant citizens of other nordics residing in them . 
  there 's simply too much invested in bilateral relations for something like eu membership to get in the way . 
  case to point : our relations with norway , which is not an eu member , but i have greater rights in relation to going to live in norway than i have in eu states , because of our bilateral relations and pan-nordic agreements . 
  maritime shipping of people is extremely cheap nowadays . 
  a couple of hundred kilometers means nothing to modern maritime logistics . 
  as long as you can get people loaded into the ship , extra distance is mainly about the extra hours they have to spend on the ship . 
  the biggest obstacle is probably the fact that the great port facility built by soviet union , like one in tallinn is not present in latvia . 
  also , i 'm extremely confused as to why you think we would n't have significant links without eu . 
  massive state sponsorship of estonia from finland started long before we became members of the block . 
  actually the main reason for the visits is cheap boose . 
  it 's called `` viinaralli '' ( booze rally ) in finland . 
  it 's also my understanding that at least some of it shifted to latvia after estonia upped their alcohol tax , so folks started going slightly further to latvia instead . 
  so the booze rally to estonia is actually in decline , not on the rise . 
  suggesting this is about `` closer relationship due to eu '' is silly . 
  even a single visit alongside the booze tourists would immediately dispel any notion of this . 
  it 's not at all strange . 
  experienced activists specifically target vulnerable people they know they can provoke in order to maximize publicity . 
  it 's not the jet fuel . 
  it 's the engines . 
  again , interceptors use turbojets that have useful lifespan that is typically tenth or less of that of engines of an average spy aircraft . 
  they literally burn out . 
  and jet engines are extremely difficult and costly to manufacture and replace . 
  especially high quality turbojets used in high speed fighter/interceptor aircraft . 
  that 's why china still ca n't make them in spite of massive investment in that area . 
  they are simply too difficult to manufacture to required tolerances just to get them to last that tenth of duration of that of long haul civilian turbofan and turboprop engines used by spy aircraft . 
  these identification criteria assume best case scenario and typically still have huge error margins . 
  in real life , you have this thing called `` atmosphere '' that makes such identification have reliability far below that of a coin toss alone . 
  the unpredictability of atmosphere and it 's nasty relationship with radio waves is well known among anyone who has done any work with radio . 
  add to this the fact that aircraft are often very similar and most spy aircraft are in fact civilian airframes with civilian engines modified for specific mission package , and your `` i can recognize this engine type with likelihood of around 20 % '' identification is utterly useless without eyes on the target . 
   why not just light up a fire-control radar and track the intruder ? 
  because radar is literally `` radio detection and ranging '' . 
  it has no ability to tell you what it is you 've detected and know range to . 
  it just tells you that there 's something out there in this specific direction at this specific distance that is bouncing back the specific radio signal on the radio frequency you 're shooting at it . 
  if you want to figure out what you 're looking at on the radar screen , you need to actually identify the target . 
  so you first try to raise it on the radio on commonly used communication frequencies using commonly used communication protocols . 
  if that fails , your only remaining option is to get visual feed on the target , which is why interceptors are scrambled to intercept . 
  interceptors get into visual range and pilots use their eyes to identify the target . 
  you read it wrong . 
  not the fighters . 
  the spy planes . 
  you fly your interceptor close enough to the spy aircraft that it has to do hard evasive maneuvers . 
  spy aircraft are typically long haul civilian airframes with significant mission modifications . 
  they 're not meant for maneuvers that put significant stress on the frame , but they are certainly capable of them .
