  so let 's see the comparison . 
  hitler ran against 2 other candidates . 
  he lost in the first round , gaining 36,8 % of the vote : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_presidential_election,_1932 to gain power his party secured similar result in parliamentary elections a year later , which let him become chancellor , at which point he committed a mass murder of his political opponents , disbanded the republic and pronounced himself `` the fuhrer '' . 
  now , let 's see what toreon peddles as directly comparable case , shall we ? 
  putin ran against 4 other candidates . 
  he won with 63,6 % in the first round . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_presidential_election,_2012 he continues to strengthen the federal republic as a matter of his long standing policy . 
  now i 've crossed swords with toreon about his utter ignorance of history and vastly opinionated desire to peddle his ignorance as historically factual and make absurd and nonsensical comparison between modern russia and various points that he imagines to have existed in history . 
  this case is pretty awful even by his propagandist standards though . 
  he literally demonstrated that he is utterly clueless on the very basics on how hitler came to power - something that is according to my knowledge taught to all school children in eu . 
  what is even more sad is to see the voting behaviour on reddit , which demonstrates that he 's not alone in his utter ignorance of history , and that peddling a narrative , no matter how false , is more important that historic facts . 
  are you sure ? 
  news reports from poland , and frankly the last election results point in the opposite direction . 
  i suspect this is in part due to exodus of the educated , urban class to western europe , which shifted the balance of populace towards the rural and lower educated people that tend to be more religious . 
  waiting with baited breath for you to define this non-existent defensive policy towards non members . 
  i 'm sure high level nato officials would be extremely interested , as they are utterly ignorant of existence of such a thing . 
  as for `` democratic values '' , can i recommend you actually educate yourself on what you 're talking about . 
  i recommend starting with switzerland and their history of pushing through universal suffrage , their democratically imposed limitations on practice of certain religions and so on . 
  unless of course you think that switzerland is also a `` democracy on paper '' . 
  and so is every democracy on the planet , except for ones who 's actions agree with your own values . 
  aids is not a virus . 
  it 's a combination of symptoms that is commonly lethal . 
  the virus which we 're talking about is hiv , and it effectively annihilated explosive population growth in africa at its peak , as it killed people with aids . 
  and hiv is a real risk in everyday life , even in us . 
  it 's increasingly bad because until retrovirals got to where they are today , it was a death sentence with extremely terrifying way to go . 
  aids literally makes you slowly go insane while being in extreme pain . 
  it 's an awful way to go , and all you need to contract is is accidental blood contact with infected person , like when doing sports , or visiting a hospital . 
  in other words , you 're out of arguments , but you need to peddle the narrative . 
  which means the only tool left at your disposal is to attack the messenger . 
  what ? 
  most of the war on aids was done in africa . 
  us was a tiny portion of it . 
  i do n't even . 
  that 's not the only thing you do n't understand . 
  that 's just the most glaring one . 
  for example , in the same post , you also demonstrated that you have no clue what nato actually is and how it operates among other things . 
  the only ones who call putin a `` dictator '' are those who are pushing a very specific agenda . 
  i 'm yet to see any one of them not balk and admit to him not being a democratically elected president when their beliefs were put to scrutiny in a serious debate . 
  let 's see how this amazing logic holds : aids death formed just a tiny portion of total mortality . 
  all the resources put to combat it were a waste of money . 
  child leukemia is almost statistically irrelevant . 
  it just seems more widespread due to overexposure in our media . 
  georgia 's recent attack on south ossetia had a very small mortality rate . 
  clearly , it was pretty much irrelevant on world stage . 
  wow . 
  this works for ** everything ** . 
  so less so than russia . 
  that 's one of the things i find to be worst about modern russia . 
  the newfound , widely overbearing religiosity . 
  it 's the same reason why i 'm not a fan of poland 's doing the same thing . 
  i guess you dodged that bullet considering your words . 
    democratically elected president that enjoys massive popular support in his country is a dictator  do n't want to bring here the world 's most over-used comparison , but that 's exactly what hitler , for example , was . 
  i do want to bring out just how amazingly ignorant your statement is . 
  hitler * lost * the presidential election , with crushing numbers . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_presidential_election,_1932 he had to stage a coup and a massive and violent purge of political opponents to get to power and he had to disband the republic to stay in power . 
  i 've seen you spout a lot of ignorant bs here , but this one takes the cake . 
  i mean seriously , i knew that estonia likes to gloss over nazi history , but ignorance of the basics of hitler 's rise to power is surely taught in schools across entire continent ? 
  edit : putting the full quote of your post in for future reference , in case you choose to edit it out . 
  why not ? 
  are you seriously suggesting that people do not have the right to vote for party they support , because you , a foreigner , do n't like that party 's ideology ? 
  and there 's plenty of choice . 
  as you nicely passed on the third major opposition party , which does in fact represent this choice , because it derails your spin completely . 
  nothing i love more than supposedly `` oh he 's a dictator , i 'm so pro democracy '' people openly admit they do n't actually understand what democracy even means :  he is even very popular . 
  modern russians have grown up going from one de-facto dictatorship to another . 
  they do n't mind and are quite content that it is that way . 
  i also never said he is n't popular , just that he is a dictator . 
  that you associate that with unpopularity amidst the russian people , that 's on you . 
  so any strong , popular democratically elected leader is a dictator to you . 
  excellent logic . 
  coming up next : black is in fact white . 
  nato = less than half of eu 's land border with russia . 
  and if you think he 's not popular in the country for his actions as a leader , i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  even his harshest critics admit to this fact when pressed . 
  name me the main opposition parties in russia . 
  hint : they 're large , and their members are not going to jails . 
  but they 're not pro west , unlike the tiny one percent ones that you get to hear about in local media . 
  shut down was impossible . 
  denmark is critically dependent on swedish base power due to their extreme failures with their energy policy over last two decades . 
  finland is also quite dependent on swedish imports during a few months of winter , as russia is still struggling with supplying crimea during the same time , which is a more recent , but likely enduring phenomenon . 
  considering that you were planning to shut them down just a few years ago , i would n't be too surprised if in a decade , you 'll be planning new plants . 
  these things have life times of half a century or more , so a decade is n't all that much when it comes to their planning . 
  but it 's an eternity when it comes to political side of energy policy . 
  or well , we can hope . 
  til : nato equals europe , and democratically elected president that enjoys massive popular support in his country is a dictator . 
  do you want to redefine any other words while we 're at this ? 
  a very interesting take on modern church . 
  is lithuania significantly religious nowadays btw ? 
  did it get hit by the same wave of religiosity that russia did after the fall of ussr , or did it largely avoid it like estonia did ? 
  it 's going to be one hell of a shit show if a region of 5 million gets to override the entire country of over 65 million on a matter decided in a national referendum . 
  scenario you propose is feasible , but consequences might be utterly disastrous for uk as a state . 
  the sheer level of hostility you 're going to have within the state is going to likely blow up in a very violent way . 
  somehow i do n't think a politician as experience in internal politics as may would take this bet . 
  but i could also be underestimating the desperation within uk political class . 
  did you miss all the terror attacks , the rise of is and other relevant factors ? 
  because no alternatives to relevant airfields exist , and the only way to reliably cut off support to is as much as possible is to work with those who support him , and convince them otherwise . 
  and in most cases , you get more flies with honey than vinegar . 
  `` high risk high reward '' describes a very specific situation where both chance of risk being realised and amount of reward are high . 
  so yes , it is in fact just a degree of probability . 
  what you are talking about is `` low risk , severe consequence '' scenario , which sounds a lot less scary , as we run into such scenarios routinely in our everyday lives . 
  i 'm aware that swedish closures of nuclear power plants have been halted for now , but has there been any change in the policy since ?
