  and these are just a handful of improvements in the world of wind turbines that require rapid advancement across multiple fields in science and engineering . 
  but to understand the improvements , you need to have a fairly good understanding of challenges involved with using wind as a source of power generation . 
  so make no mistake - we 're advancing more rapidly than ever before . 
  it 's just that much of that advancement is now deeply specialized , and as such , much harder to comprehend without specialized knowledge base . 
  because same applies to many fields of science and engineering , and even medical field . 
  did you know that just about a year ago , we found that specific tissue in our body which looked like a general connective tissue is actually a distinct new organ ? 
  and a few years before that , we discovered that microbiome within out intestines actually has significant input in many bodily functions ranging from digestion process to mood swings . 
  or remind yourself of the fact that hiv is no longer a death sentence but a chronic disease you can live decades with . 
  or that cancer no longer kills fairly quickly with no recourse , but in many cases because either curable or at least controllable to the point where it is no longer fatal ? 
   did you read the part of this discussion where multiple people dissected his speech ? 
  did you read the post you replied to ? 
  because having people that share one world view dissect commentary of another person they do n't like , and all agree that he 's a nazi is not a new thing in these circles . 
  read up on latest `` pewdiepie is a nazi '' brouhaha for the most recent example of just that . 
  three supposedly reputable journalists came together , watched some pewdiepie 's content and all came to a conclusion that he is a nazi supporter that hates jews . 
  unless you went to look at original content they looked at . 
  at which point , you 'd shrug , file it under `` yeah , more fake news , again , and wow did they they have to lie to spin it like that '' and be done with it . 
   you did n't cite anything , you gave me your opinion on contemporary academia and hypothesized what life was like for a poor roman slave re-read the long post . 
  unless you 're insisting on specific scientific paper grade citation on the internet , in which case , good joke , citations i provided are good enough . 
  and better than `` but this guy on that internet forum said '' , which is your citations . 
   yes , when you 're arguing a point the burden of proof is on you . 
  actually , the one making the claim is the one with burden of proof . 
  * you made a claim * that christianity was peaceful until a certain point . 
  i merely went to debunk the point , using citations of better quality than `` this guy on the internet '' . 
  as such , my argument and evidence merely need to be on par with yours . 
  they do not need to be any better . 
  that means that if i were going for truly adversarial approach , i would just debunk the entire idea that `` i cited this random person i do n't know on the internet forum '' and be done with it . 
  anything beyond that was a courtesy from me to you out of respect for the fact that you did go to significant length to elaborate your view on the topic , and attempted to cite what you thought to be reputable people . 
  respect you 're rapidly shedding with your current line of argument . 
  this is the part i really dislike about people . 
  `` but this other person said things about the person we 're discussing , therefore it must be true '' . 
  go to the source and find out yourself . 
  do n't rely on opinions of people . 
  in modern environment , where everyone in politics and media is out to spin a narrative , expecting to find truth second hand is naive . 
  best you can hope for is to find something that will lead you to the source , where you can find out what was actually said/done . 
  reserve judgement until that moment . 
  and willingness to get outraged on behalf of other people is even better . 
  best part though is that you managed to collate `` gays , jews and muslims '' into one offended group . 
  here 's a hint dear . 
  the main source of antisemitism and homophobia is that third category of people you listed . 
  hold on . 
  are you of opinion that your opinions or mine are not narratives ? 
  i cited sources of quality comparable to your sources , suggested better sources as well as debunked one of your sources in detail . 
  what more do you want ? 
  for me to do all of the legwork for you ? 
  reminder : current academia is in the grip of culture war due to penetration of intersectional ideology , with extreme views being peddled as a norm in many fields . 
  this ranges from denial of human biology ( everything is socioally constructed , biology does not matter in humans , even though it matters in all other animals ) to denial of human history ( especially in relation to faiths of islam and christianity during their early days and establishment ) when it does not reflect one 's ideological biases to sufficient extent . 
  the reddit you cite is one of the best examples of this , as it 's mainly populated by younger representatives of the field , and moderated accordingly . 
  my recommendation is to hit the older pre-intersectional ideology penetration of academia historic literature on the topic . 
  go to your nearest university library and ask a librarian for books from 1990s and earlier on early christian history . 
  you 'll find citations of peacefulness alongside citations of violence . 
  essentially its fairly safe to assume that while persecution of christians during the early days of christianity was massive , christians most certainly had their own violent schisms even back then . 
  extreme pacifism as we know today simply did n't work back during those times , as there were no values of enlightenment to make people feel guilty . 
  remember , rome was a strict slave run empire , and as such an apartheid system where people were trained from young age not to feel that `` these lower people doing the menial work '' are same kind of people as free romans were . 
  strength of christianity in the early days was its simplicity and focus on suffering being the path to salvation . 
  it 's far easier to understand that there 's earth , there 's heaven , and believing in prophet and following certain instructions is a path to the heaven . 
  especially if you 're a slave in rome , and faith tells you that your misery is actually your path to salvation . 
  contrast this with complexity of roman gods , with large amount of gods who had mutually contradicting agendas , and who most certainly did not offer salvation for misery and poverty . 
  as a result , christianity stared as a religion for poor and those in misery . 
  and now , a dose of reality . 
  those who are poor and miserable are the ones most likely to result to extreme violence , as they have little to lose . 
  so for every christian fed to the lions , you likely had a christian who saw their mommy fed to lions and go exact a bloody revenge on the world . 
  it 's base human nature to do so , and to find items in your faith to justify it , even when it does n't . 
  as evidenced by christianity after it progressed to power . 
  you 'll note this in one of your own linked posts , but with the nice touch of denial and accidental failure to notice the internal problems with the argument , common for people engaged in ideological conflict i described above within academia :  christians as pacifists : yes , you 're impression is generally correct . 
  for the first three centuries the almost over-whelming witness of church documents is that military service was considered an inappropriate occupation , much like prostitution and acting . 
  converts from these fields were encouraged to find new employment , and in some cases supported by their community while they did so . 
  tertullian in particular writes about this . 
  now remind yourself that in roman empire , slaves did n't pick their occupation and christianity was overwhelmingly a slave religion due to aforementioned focus on misery . 
  consider the facts like that prostitution of slaves was common in rome ( read on villas in pompeii that had back doors specifically because large rich romans overwhelmingly prostituted their female slaves for additional income ) . 
  and finally , consider the source of provided citations . 
  `` church documents '' . 
  now collate what you know to form a conclusion of your own . 
  you 're looking at a citation of a source that is likely extremely biased in a obviously predictable direction , that contradicts other facts known about same people at the time , and that clearly aims to paint itself in a good light . 
  and yet , historian in question takes the citation , ignores the problems with it and just presents it as solid evidence for his claim . 
  funniest part is that you followed my initial post to the letter . 
  i just did n't assume you were one of the staunch proponents of lying about your ideological opponents and spinning the facts to the point where your narrative would describe them as the exact opposite of what they are . 
  i honestly for a moment thought you were willing to discuss the topic , rather than just do the standard media spin on me . 
  i guess the joke is on me . 
  it 's pretty horrifying that some people think that people rising up to demand their actual problems being addressed is a bad thing , and stopping this uprising and oppressing people into silence is a good thing . 
   you are , just like trump , saying you disagree so it must be fake . 
  literally the exact opposite of my statement , and yet that is what you spun my text into . 
  you did the exact thing i pointed out media doing to pewdiepie as a microcosm of what was done to trump . 
  no wonder you defend it so staunchly even on indefensible points . 
  you really , really need to read the post and consider what i 'm saying in light of your own previous statements again . 
  and you did n't read a word beyond the first line , did you ? 
  i contradict the point that christianity was peaceful even during those early times of persecution . 
  it was n't . 
  it merely was n't in power to practice violence on large scale . 
  it was still violent however . 
  now when it comes to inherent values of christianity , i will have to agree with you on merits . 
  unfortunately christianity as it was until 30 years ' war went from its basic dogmaic theses to authoritarian system of rule over masses . 
  it took the horrors of 30 years ' war and trauma that followed it to force the values of enlightenment upon it , and forge it into a far more peaceful force that it is today . 
   schulz , at this point in time , to me , stands for more action and taking clear stances . 
  which would be actions and clear stances against european mainstream , * increasing division * . 
  merkel 's `` i 'll do it , but i 'll first test the water ten times '' is exactly what allowed her to control massive dissatisfaction with germany 's actions for last few years across the eu . 
  keeping the course but increasing rapidity will accelerate the growth of dissatisfaction . 
   reminding people that without action , without a common perspective european nations are at risk of losing the peace and prosperity they 're taking for granted . 
  this assumes people are n't losing it today because of the actions taken before the current course shift began . 
  this is true for those that are winners of globalisation - upper middle class and upper class urbanites . 
  the people who do n't have to live in neighbourhoods with migrants , who are n't facing massive competition for shrinking pool of jobs , and so on .
