  especially considering their internal prejudices , we had a major scandal when sami from the north wanted people from a slightly different area got excluded from having sami council voting rights . 
  people get split in all kinds of groups . 
  but you 're still bound by laws of the country you 're in in the end , and in our case , they had to go to our courts to figure out if these people have to be recognised as sami or not . 
  and they lost and they whined a lot about it , but they had to accept it . 
  because it 's our country and our laws . 
  then mouseover on your flair needs an update to `` liberated heterosexual ... '' :d, 
  there is actually a pretty good talk back at / r/geopolitics on background of this topic . 
  basically it appears that erdogan and saudi bet big on islamists they supported defeating assad , so they went all-in on them . 
  now that islamists are collapsing and assad looks like he will soon retake effectively all of syria that is n't held by is , is willing to make a deal with kurds in the north and druze in the south , this is backfiring on them hard . 
  turkey clearly wanted to get us involved with shooting down of su-24 . 
  instead us not only stayed clear but sees that turkey 's position is weakening rapidly and plays hard ball likely aiming to get maximum concessions out of erdogan . 
  at the same time they changed russian 's priorities to get them to focus on severing turkey 's connection to syrian islamists asap . 
  on a good side , if this goes as syrian government and russia are planning , they 'll have to focus on is next after they smash or force surrender on the islamists inside the encirclement . 
  but saudi and turks have too much at stake to give up on grabbing control in syria , so we can expect a serious fight on some level . 
  i doubt they 'll actually go for ground assault , as turkey would effectively nullify its nato article 5 protection by doing so . 
  that said , with erdogan 's dream of neo-ottoman turkey dying in front of his eyes , he may be desperate enough to do something really stupid . 
  but i doubt it . 
  he does n't strike me as someone who is that foolish , regardless of circumstances . 
  foolish people like that do n't manage to survive being turkey 's leader in conditions he had to endure early on . 
  well , it would be nice if he was n't quite as hell bent on the whole idea of neo-ottoman turkey for starters . 
  that does n't even have anything to do with russia . 
  remember , this was and remains the main point of contention between turkey and us and eu . 
  erdogan makes no secret of his desire to raise turkey it 's ottomanic glory again , which in turn is the main driver for the support he provides to turkic tribes in places like syria . 
  should this support vanish , syrian civil war would burn out rapidly due to lack of replenishment of main antagonists such as is , and various islamist groups . 
  you ca n't fight without weapons and supplies and turkey is the main supplier and supply route . 
  `` supporting nazis '' does n't just mean going around killing people . 
  it can also mean working at a factory . 
  doing a desk job as a clerk . 
  being a truck driver delivering things to concentration camp ... do you see where i 'm going with this ? 
  you can be very much against what 's happening , and still be an active supporter of the regime through your actions . 
  in germany , just being conscripted into the army and getting posted at a concentration camp as a guard is enough to get you convicted . 
  considering the amount of input a conscript has on where he 'll be stationed , that 's a pretty hefty punishment . 
  his point is that by the same standard , quite a few poles are guilty of supporting nazi regime , yet there are no such convictions in poland . 
  erdogan is the de facto leader of turkey to this day . 
  and no , document made it clear that this was a threat . 
  there is a reason why he is the one people go to for the last word on turkey 's policies . 
  no white washing this one away . 
  sadly it is . 
  marketing made it widely accepted . 
  it 's in fact one of the main tools used in marketing nowadays . 
  `` look at how much better our product is than our competitor '' . 
  two vertical bars , one looks about 5 times taller than other . 
  actual difference between two : 5 percent , because bars start at arbitrarily high number . 
  sometimes they get slapped for this , but mostly , it 's become accepted . 
  that 's why the first thing educated people look for when seeing a graph is `` what 's does zero represent in this graph '' ? 
   excuse me mr. `` logic '' , please link me to where i have said that . 
  right here :  the convention on cluster munitions ( ccm ) is an international treaty that prohibits the use , transfer and stockpile of cluster bombs , a type of explosive weapon which scatters submunitions ( `` bomblets '' ) over an area . 
      either you do n't understand what `` prohibits '' means or you are being intentionally obtuse . 
  pick one . 
  it 's fairly obvious that since treaty does not bind those not signatory to it , they are not prohibited from being used by such states . 
  the only way your claim makes any sense is if we assume that it binds them regardless of their status as signatory . 
   link me to one article about americans using cluster bombs in syria then , because the fact of the matter is they have n't ... of course they have n't . 
  they have n't had to support direct assault of a large land force , because they do n't have such a force in the region , and using cluster munitions requires solid ground commanders that know to avoid bombed out areas . 
  they use them in places where they do have large force , such as iraq and afghanistan . 
  frankly , you may as well ask why russia and us are n't using nukes in syria . 
  the answer is the same . 
  they are not fit for specific purpose of combat taking place in the region . 
  and no , us are still not a signatory to convention on cluster munitions . 
  the reason for the desire to make me go away . 
  it 's called `` cognitive dissonance '' , that moment when you realise that your held beliefs and reality are in conflict , and you do not want to let go of your beliefs . 
  so instead , you attack the messenger . 
  but that was the original poster 's point and his question was about his great uncle , and his lack of actual guilt , and you started your answer to him with `` no , he can not be cleansed of responsibility '' . 
  and yet now you 're saying that he should be `` treated as a hero '' . 
  i 'm confused even more now . 
  great uncle went from `` someone who shares the guilt of which he can not be cleansed '' to `` hero '' . 
  remember , drink and drive . 
  also , speeding is for the cool . 
  actually do n't . 
  you may take someone else 's life . 
   to suggest that russia has nothing to do with the migratory flows , and all the blame lies with turkey , is an equally `` pretentiously noble , utterly ignorant , and utterly pointless suggestion '' to use your own words . 
  where have i ever suggested anything like that ? 
  my statement in fact suggests the exact opposite :  let us not pretend that there is no link between syrian civil war and migratory flows , including all of the combat that takes place in it . 
  where the combat intensifies , more people run away from it . 
  * right now , combat is most intense in the immediate region of assault , so yes , right now the flow is great from there . 
  * when is was advancing , flow was going from under them . 
  when iraqi were retaking mosul , they were causing it . 
  on your other point :  if turkey wanted to deliberately flood europe with refugees , it would not be building huge refugee camps on its territory as the bbc has covered here . 
  so juncker , tusk and erdogan are all lying ? 
  or could it simply be that flows are great enough that they actually need those camps , and that having those camps does not in any way , shape or form dispute the fact that they are threatening eu with unleashing massive wave of refugees upon us ? 
  i will have to repeat myself . 
  read up on findings of us chamber of commerce or relevant eu body . 
  as we have both established , and as you have quoted yourself from guardian , both have found china guilty of dumping . 
   does that make the treaty non-existant then ? 
  you actually think that agreements bind states even if they are not signatory to the said agreement ? 
  i 'm honestly flabbergasted that someone could be just that ignorant of reality . 
  * as far as country in question is concerned , of course it does . 
  * states are not legally bound by treaties they are not signatory to under international law . 
  that is why essentially all powers operating in the region that have n't signed the treaty use them actively . 
  they 're quite effective at what they do . 
  you get massive area effect for a cost of a single bomb or shell . 
  also :  or the fact that russia ( and only russia , nice of you to miss that part ) are using them any less bad ? 
  did you even bother to look at the map i graciously provided ? 
  literally the only party operating capable aircraft in the region actively that is a signatory is france . 
  everyone else is a non signatory . 
  at least us is documented to be using them actively . 
  turkey is generally not as closely watched , but i 'd be surprised to find they do not for any reason other than lack of access to stockpiles . 
  of other regional powers , saudis routinely bomb yemen with cluster bombs even today . 
  guess where those come from ? 
  honestly , i used to think you a troll . 
  now i think you 're just naive and ignorant , but strongly driven by sense of righteousness that stems from specific prejudices .
