  it 's the job of those harmed by his actions to attach cost to them , that would make it detrimental for him to leave , and instead make it preferable for him to stay and build up his own country instead . 
  just as we have done throughout our history . 
  understand that i 'm not against personal desire to want a better life . 
  i 'm against enabling of those desires in a way that is destructive to both societies he leaves and one he parasitises . 
  a cost needs to be attached to such actions to dissuade them to significant extent . 
  and if you think that macedonia is badly off , we have several places in africa where this kind of migration condemns hundreds of millions of people to abject misery . 
  their states can never improve because after spending significant effort bringing the children up , they do n't stay and build up the country and help to raise the next generation . 
  instead they pack up and leave hoping for better life elsewhere , because that 's just easier to do on a personal level . 
   or i walk . 
  this option is the problem . 
  modern people tend to walk away at the slightest sign of discomfort to themselves . 
  marriages , countries , even their own children . 
  with disastrous results for the society . 
  and in the end , overwhelming majority is worse off for it . 
  fact is , extreme freedom of movement in its current form is a very recent thing , and is proving to be extremely destructive because of reasons outlined above . 
  and no , if you were n't given an option to easily leave , you would have found a way to earn a living . 
  it would have been less comfortable , certainly . 
  but in process , the state and its people on average would have been better off . 
  and someone would have been trained in your place in us to be a skilled worker . 
  so net positive there as well , as long as you look from the point of view of the society , rather than the rich , who got to enjoy a cheaper worker who is n't as demanding and drives the quality of life for locals down . 
  this relationship is parasitic in nature , not symbiotic as you seem to suggest . 
  all relevant parties are worse for it but the parasite . 
  by definition , that is parasitism . 
  this is a huge problem , that has a lot to do with ideal of free movement of people . 
  young do n't stay in their countries fixing them if something is broken . 
  instead they take the path of least resistance and go somewhere where things are fine . 
  that is extremely destructive on societal level . 
  country of origin gets worse because there are n't enough people to correct the problems . 
  country where they go gets worse because of influx of underpaid gastarbeiters who lower quality of living for working class in the country and effectively parasitise and slowly drain resources from their middle class . 
  which eventually results in country becoming yet another broken state . 
  this process can only end with all decent states eventually succumbing , or freedom of movement being curtailed to an extent . 
  it is . 
  most people in the state are muslims , and fully support islamist theocratic government , that is democratically elected as they are indeed in a majority . 
  islamic theocracy is not in direct conflict with democracy if majority of people are muslims who support it . 
  it 's in direct conflict with human rights , which is a completely different topic . 
  indeed . 
  if they lose , and it seems likely that they will as every mullah is screaming for akp supporters to come onto the streets and stop the coup from their minarets , this is going to be the swan song of secularism in turkey . 
  looks like erdogan did n't disempower army enough , and they are going to try to perform their key role in turkey as envisioned by kemal ataturk . 
  that is , prevent islamists from grabbing power and bringing in islamic theocracy over secular republic . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see if it 's too late , or if they can still get the job done . 
  it 's undemocratic as heck , but from european point of view , they 're the ones fighting against the darkness that is a savage islamic theocracy supported by majority of population . 
  i merely pointed out the lie in your supposed debunking of my point . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  rapid back pedalling from your point that you engage in above is quite telling about the fact that you knew to have been lying . 
  the fact that you clearly can not comprehend the difference between `` fact '' and `` your opinion '' is fairly obvious from your last post as well . 
  another point of confusion you share with aforementioned uk youths . 
  i do n't quite understand your complaint . 
  we had no one recognise our independence until russia recognised it . 
  that 's modus operandi for becoming independent . 
  most want the one you get independent from to recognise you first to avoid diplomatic problems . 
  as for the rest , we 're been there with you . 
  it 's not that you ca n't understand the point . 
  it 's that you pointedly do n't want to . 
  i would argue that he was wildly successful . 
  he got a lot of people to believe his lies , and was instrumental in turning the situation in europe to be as explosive as it is today . 
  i happen to know about kharkiv , as that 's where the daughter company of my relative 's workplace is . 
  so yes , there were rapings and killings . 
  in fact , they ran the kiev 's stooge and his paramilitary rapists out of town for just those actions twice or thrice . 
  see , when nationalistic young men overthrow a government , they start seeing where ever they 're told to go as their own private fiefdom . 
  that 's universal , and an element into which all military forces run into . 
  in case of being just after the overthrow , and getting put into the region where people who 's president you just overthrow massive voted for said president , you 're going to have a good motivation to get some more reckoning . 
  and with young men with guns , reckoning usually comes in form of raping and killing . 
  again , not something limited to that specific country . 
  you see it in the most disciplined armies of today , such as us invasion of iraq and afghanistan , with infamous leaks of covered up cases of soldiers breaking in , grabbing the teenaged girl and raping her while her family is kept at gunpoint . 
  after an overthrow , with rag tag paramilitaries who did the overthrowing , and who now get to rule over the ideological enemies who voted said president in power ? 
  you 're going to see a wave of that . 
  surely even someone as propagandised as yourself can not deny this ? 
  in the end he came with apcs and basically turned his residence in a fortress . 
  so locals could n't toss his bandits out any more . 
  ca n't fight armoured autocannon platforms with just small arms . 
  it was a cause of significant disappointment for the locals that they simply were n't prepared for it . 
   not to mention that finlandization is particularly despised among estonians . 
  and yet , you surrendered far more sovereignty than we ever had , and to an empire far away . 
  reminder : sovereignty in eyes of internal law is the sole right apply and use force within specific borders . 
  as you still do not `` despise '' your own policy over this , and yet `` despise '' far lesser concessions simply based on racist criteria , it shows a significant amount of hypocrisy . 
  that is quite an extreme interpretation , specifically designed to limit amount of people allowed to read the quran . 
  it reminds me of `` well they drank alcohol , therefore they are not muslims '' argument often used of islamist terrorists . 
  accurate translations have existed for a very long time . 
  this is where parallel to bible is accurate . 
  it 's true that the only `` true '' bible is in latin , as canonisation was done in that language . 
  but accurate translations exist and bible can be read literally from those just as well . 
  same applies to all holy texts . 
  notably , quran is just one of the three foundational texts of islam . 
  other two being the hadiths ( the commandments of the prophet ) and the sunnah ( the story of muhammad 's life that every muslim man must aspire to emulate to his best ability ) . 
  it 's the two latter ones that are actually the worst - much of ideology of jihad for example is straight out of sunnah , how muhammad waged his wars against unbelievers , and requirements of muslim men to emulate him . 
  all of these have been accurately translated to major languages , and are easily available . 
  then we 'll talk after you outgrow that phase . 
  clearly whatever it is you read is not material provided behind the link . 
  link clearly stated that his main sin was n't `` providing support '' but lying about facts on the ground to everyone , including the public , even in the face of nation leaders who already knew him to be lying . 
  and then consistently ignoring their warnings , and conspiring against his own commander in chief . 
   stop telling me irrelevant shit about anatolia those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . 
  regressivism has a specific definition - regressing into past state . 
  the fact that we are sliding back to early iron age religion 's ideas of society , such as lower human value of women than men , violent anti-semitism that is coming from islam , challenges to freedom of speech , acceptance of extreme violence of its religious tenets ( i.e. 
  `` we ca n't call it islam , lest we radicalise other muslims '' movement ) . 
  all of these ideas radiate from islam and it 's apologists , and all are inherently regressive . 
  they regress our progress as society . 
  as you clearly tell me that you should not be told about the past , because it 's in your own words `` irrelevant shit '' . 
  there is no greater demonstration of just how regressive you are . 
  you literally do not want to hear specific historic examples , because they would shatter your self image , and force you to admit to your own ideological regressivism . 
  that is the angle peddled by the said apostate mullahs .
