  they are well documented to have instigated quite a few revolts during cold war era only to drop the support for revolutionaries when it got hot . 
  opposite is also true for kgb . 
  still , it 's obvious that these suggestions are n't going to go well among the hungarian nationalists . 
  in canada , centre-left is dying or dead . 
  in its place there 's extreme left , wearing centre-left as a skin , pushing for extreme left values mentioned above . 
  centre-left was utterly crushed in canada in last elections , largely by extreme left . 
  it 's a revolution from within rather than from without . 
  none of these values are those of centre-left . 
  those are values of the extreme left , one of the three movements which centre left was torn apart by . 
  more like he 's shedding tears for the fact that interests of those who would happily vote for centre-left are no longer met by any single party . 
  where is the party that advocates for meaningful resistance to income inequality while largely agreeding that market forces need to be given some power , but kept in check , and that would advocate keeping immigration in check ? 
  this is the movement that has been torn to pieces . 
  and that is a movement that many people would genuinely want to vote again for , instead of the extremes you mention that tore it apart . 
  centre-left is the movement responsible for ensuring we did n't go the path of post-soviet russia , with overwhelming majority of profits going to the rich few . 
  instead profits were distributed reasonably evenly among the population , enabling the long lasting growth of both economy and prosperity . 
  wait , are pigs supposed to be creeps or player characters ? 
  this thread went places , fast . 
  lenin is for russia , trotsky for ukraine and stalin for georgia . 
  pretty fitting for that trio of big bolsheviks . 
  stabbing , that universal language . 
  that is normal juncker ? 
  on one hand , it 's really hard to make deals with that many parliaments involved . 
  on the other hand , considering how this was negotiated , it needs to crash and burn . 
  that 's the only way eu elites will learn to allow these deals to pass genuine discussion on goals and limits , rather than try to impose awful terms on the populace . 
   so you 're basing your argument on us , eastern europeans , just being damn inferior , man . 
  false . 
  i have not said a single word about `` eastern europeans '' , or their `` superiority/inferiority '' . 
  i merely quoted your own argument as a valid reason for actions being taken . 
  everything else is your projection , and nothing more . 
  i 'm sure we can address the problem you have . 
  stabbing can be done without speaking . 
  yes , that was in fact my entire original point . 
  thank you for agreeing . 
  former is a norm among companies . 
  welcome to western capitalism . 
  latter on the other hand is indeed a problem , as i mention in my other reply in this thread . 
  the issue here being that there was an actual war vet who knew exactly how to operate a tank that got into a tank and got it running very quickly . 
  that is not really possible with a `` war monument tank '' . 
  you 're going to need significant amount of time in the shop for that to happen . 
  well , i guess we know why poles are so into banning abortions . 
  after all , there 's always anal . 
  i can understand that to an extent . 
  banking system 's stability is very important to a working state , and having all your banks being foreign-owned exposes you to certain kinds of instability . 
  china would like a word with you . 
  as would eu and us . 
  an interesting point . 
  especially considering the potential ecj appeal creating a huge conflict of interest within the court system itself . 
  fun detail : the platform sounds almost exactly like one of the current pm party in finland minus the already existing regulations that meet many of these points . 
  can you expand on `` exploitation of clients by scandinavian banks in lithuania '' ? 
  this one is something i have n't heard much about , beyond the cursory `` scandinavian companies buying out local competition and becoming quasi-monopolist '' . 
  the factories coming back from china are a sum of multiple factors as i understand it : 1 . 
  cheap enough robotics to price out the chinese worker . 
  working civic state and regulations - less fear of nationalist government problems , copying , illegal competition , problems with local bureaucracy and so on . 
  control over the producing company - china requires majority stake by a local company . 
  i do in fact know better . 
  we had zero problems with gas and oil deliveries specifically because we have no middle man that treats one of the parties of the deal as and i quote `` our historical boogey man '' . 
  we have a difficult history with russia , but one of the main reasons why do not have your problems with them is because we do n't treat them as such . 
  we prepare ourselves for this potential event , but we do not go screaming `` you 're the enemy , we want to punish you in any way possible '' as you do . 
  as such , bypassing someone like you is a sane policy in any kind of a deal . 
  untrustworthy middle man is the worst kind . 
  it 's missing greece milking the pigs to be honest . 
  no , that is abc of old school capitalist economics . 
  more modern economics long evolved to recognize specific limitations placed on human consumption : 1 . 
  limits of technological advancement ( consult difficulties with fusion power production as an excellent example of `` perpetually 50 years away for over half a century at this point '' ) . 
  the further science progresses , the more effort is needed for the next leap as low hanging fruit is exhausted . 
  at some point , our very brains and their ability to collate data and make conclusions based on it becomes the insurmountable obstacle . 
  limits imposed by habitat : there 's only so much resources we have on the planet that can be extracted for use . 
  same problem as in problem number one applies - the more we use , the harder it becomes to get more , as low hanging fruit is expended . 
  limits imposed by our physical form . 
  increasingly science is pointing us to the part that there is in fact a hard limit on our cognition capabilities , ability of usable data collation and so on . 
  this is one of the key causes of slowdown of scientific advancement as pointed out in problem number one , but also results in other problems , such as lowering birth rate in all advanced economies leading to innate reduction in human consumption due to dwindling numbers . 
  the economics you cite were popular during the peak of capitalism in 1970s-1990s . 
  their popularity has since dwindled as far too simplified for their models to match reality . 
  hilariously , one of the main causes of this was in fact our advancement in computerization , which allowed us to apply models on far greater scale and test them to see if they are accurate . 
  unfortunately , as noted above , problems number one and three limit ultimate usefulness of this . 
  i literally presented you with the source in the link - a finnish writer who has long lived in g\u00f6teborg . 
  question : why do you think that current transit countries have a natural right to remain transit countries , and why do n't parties have a right to route around these countries to save on costs and protect themselves against political instability created by them ? 
  a transit country produces no value . 
  it merely collects a toll for happening to be geographically in the middle . 
  bypassing the middle man is the normal market force acting to save costs , which is prevalent in the modern world . 
  what you are demanding here is some kind of `` natural right of taxation over russia-germany trade '' . 
  considering the hatred toward one of the relevant parties you demonstrate , and intense dislike of the other , it 's quite obvious why both parties would seek to eliminate those like you from being the middle man in their transaction . 
   week of cleaning it was up and running . 
  key words . 
  it 's not actually `` cleaning '' , it 's `` repairing and replacing damaged parts '' . 
  a week 's time is what it usually takes for specialist team to restore an older engine to working order , should the relevant replacement parts be available . 
  even the simplest reciprocating internal combustion engine will rapidly rust into uselessness and it 's piping and pumping get clogged with dirt and oil residue should it not be maintained routinely . 
  you can still restore it in many cases , but that requires significant maintenance and repair work after the fact . 
  monuments are not in working condition . 
  museum pieces that are loaned for exhibitions sometimes are , specifically to be able to move on their own power . 
  this usually involves significant routine maintenance of engine , gearbox and other relevant moving parts . 
  war memorial tanks are not operable . 
  tanks need routine maintenance to be in any way functional . 
  they 're very complex machines that will break down rapidly once they are a memorial . 
  as i recall , that one came from exhibition , and was a maintained unit that could move on its own power to exhibitions . 
  that 's why they could get it to work with minimal effort . 
  you would need significant repair work to get any of the tank monuments operable . 
  just follow the parties who receive transit fees from current pipelines , vs those who will be receiving them from new ones . 
  glideer put it best here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/58xz6n/russias_gas_pipeline_threatens_european_unity/d944t2n/, 
   it 's why countries go through three phases .
