  problem being that said arbitration court and echr had no jurisdiction over particular case and case had no one arguing for defendant because they simply ignored the court with no jurisdiction over the case . 
  so your capabilities ignore laws of physics , and your own military is utterly unaware of these capabilities , burning massive amounts of resources as a result . 
  cool story . 
  you should watch less hollywood movies and pick up a book on elementary physics sometime . 
  that risks exists in every country in the world . 
  that is why you balance risk and reward . 
  rosneft and railways look attractive from investor 's point of view . 
  but uncertainty due to corruption will impact the value of these assets severely . 
  risk factor will depress the value of privatization . 
  russia in early 1990s after collapse of ussr was effectively in free fall to the point where citizens had to queue up for food . 
  that is on one of the biggest producers of staple food in the world that controls one of the most fertile lands on the planet . 
  most people who do n't understand why putin is so popular in russia or think that putin is going to become unpopular because of economy shrinking a few percentage points per year should just look at the economic facts from the decade of 1990s . 
  russians survived that , and they sure as hell remember it . 
  as noted , stalinism was monstrous for most of its victims . 
  it 's telling that eastern europe actually got off light in comparison to what happened to dissidents in ussr . 
  i imagine the main reason for the shock comes from the fact that eastern europeans did n't have to live with stalinism before ww2 , as ussr citizens did . 
   ussr occupation , followed by the execution of every single person capable of free thought . 
  this claim is patently absurd . 
  almost every human being , barring a few severely mentally retarded ones is capable of free thought . 
  these were persecution of political dissidents in meaningful positions , similar but far smaller in size to persecution of same people in ussr proper . 
  reminder : stalin was not a nice guy . 
  least so to people of ussr , and even his own georgian comrades . 
  if you were under ussr after ww2 , stalinism fucked you in some way . 
  so in other words , you share the point of view of most ( supposedly ) practising pedophiles that age of consent has no impact on child 's ability to give consent . 
  this is factually false . 
  age of consent specifies the age at which a person can give consent . 
  before this time , ** regardless of what he/she says or does ** child * can not provide consent * . 
  what you are talking about is amount of * coercion used by adult to get the person of under age of consent for purpose of committing a sexual act * . 
  `` consent '' is not present in this formula , because relevant party * can not provide consent regardless of his/her actions * . 
  no , you 're merely incapable of understanding the basic physics involved . 
  behavioural mechanics of low flying spy satellites are very well understood and are actually quite simple . 
  locking on certain small area on the ground from low orbit and seeing details on the target you found is quite easy . 
  all you need is optics , optical stabilizers and a good dsp . 
  the main reason why satellites have the optical quality they have today capable of `` seeing licence plates '' does n't come from some sort of magical capability , it simply comes from the fact that in last three decades computerization produced dsps that are multitudes of orders of magnitude better than what we had before that . 
  problem with spy satellites is targeting . 
  your targeting accuracy on ground targets comes from easy fixed background , which also provides for altitude calibration and the fact that targets have low speed relative to background , making them easy to track . 
  finding an aircraft in the sky is far , far harder from the same point of view . 
  you have far less relative accuracy , you need far greater speed adjustment , you have no easy altitude calibration capability for searching and lack wide pov necessary for actual search of the area , you have serious issues with the fact that target is actually using optical camouflage and so on . 
  that is why optical spy satellites do not look for such targets . 
  even in the narrow window where they would be able to perform such a task , and if they had hardware necessary for such a task , they would still have significant problems executing the task . 
  which is why they are not built for that purpose in the first place , but for ground level survellance instead , at which they excel . 
  aerial identification and surveillance is what radar and interceptor aircraft are for . 
  most people genuinely seem to believe hollywood bullshit when it comes to spy satellites , ignoring the reality in which spy satellites are awarded a very minimal role due to their severe limitations dictated not so much by technology , but by simple laws of physics . 
  that is also why much of the investment for anti air is in awacs aircraft and interceptor aircraft digitally linked to them for guidance , which are actually designed for task you seem to think spy satellites capable of . 
  on a final note , i would remind you that should the capability to talk about actually exist , this would be a massive strategic advantage to one with such capability for a very simple reason . 
  the current `` buzzing of defences '' both on part of nato and russia is done in large part to force wear and tear on fighter engines of the opposing side . 
  this is because fighter engines are extremely delicate and have an order of magnitude of lower usable time that than of engines on aircraft actually doing the buzzing , those being reconnaissance and strategic bomber aircraft . 
  if you did not need friendly aircraft to identify targets , you would be able to save enormous amounts of resources right now on not having to burn down fighter engines as they go on interception missions to identify buzzing aircraft . 
  `` age of consent '' specifically requires to age at which a person can * give * consent . 
  question : how can you give something you can not give ? 
  i would , but my wife is n't portugese . 
  nordic women tend to stand their ground . 
  that actually sounds like an amazing experience . 
  also , remembering how spanish and portugese exchange students handled our winter , i think i 'd only need to run for a couple of minutes . 
  after that , i 'd be too busy helping these guys back to warm interiors of their homes as they freeze :d, 
  indeed , why take the man who had the balls to stand up to the single most powerful entity on the planet that was actively pressuring it and its allies , when you can instead just take a word of bunch of victim-playing sycophants instead . 
  life is full of choices , and you 're entitled to yours . 
  to be fair , this was n't exactly taken by us as much as swedes bringing it in on the blades of their swords . 
  we were shamanist until well into last millenia , probably among the last to get hit by crusaders and converted to christianity . 
  actually yes , psychiatric evaluation in case she needed help after that kind of an ordeal would be a good idea . 
  you seem to think that psychiatric evaluation is a punishment of some kind , when in reality it 's a way of seeing if a person has significant mental health issues they need treatment for . 
  to be fair , we were pretty far away from statehood back then , so that 's more of a compliment than anything . 
  which is relevant because she 's going to be over age of consent in a year after the event , which took place some time after the events we 're talking about ? 
  could you please open your logic a little bit here . 
  you do not understand the difference . 
  requirements for reading a licence plate and requirements for finding and identifying an aircraft are completely different . 
  according to the story , she 's in psychiatric hospital getting treatment . 
  frankly , psychiatric evaluation should be mandatory for any woman falsely reporting a rape , as such a woman is likely to present danger both to herself and her surroundings . 
  in this case , such intervention is likely to be a massively positive thing for the girl , considering that she already admitted that she previously had sex with turkish men in their 20s , having serious trouble at school and apparently coming from a really shitty family which enabled that behaviour . 
  hopefully she comes out of it better than she went into it , and hopefully findings about the folks who had sex with her lead to necessary investigations about their actions as well . 
  or getting psychiatric treatment over the issue . 
  which is what is happening . 
  which was released : 1 . 
  before the magnitude of the refugee crisis was understood . 
  during the period where extreme political correctness was still holding and when stating the truth about migrant crisis meant losing one 's job . 
  i will simply conclude that you are still pointedly ignoring the topic , the fact that legal immigrants and locals are overwhelmingly not homeless and whereas almost all illegal immigrants are , and that this discrepancy most certainly hits both locals and legal immigrants severely due to preferential treatment of illegal migrants . 
  you can keep dancing around this issue all you want . 
  it 's still here and it 's not going away . 
  neither is the fact that extreme political correctness is gone as well , and while you can cite reports from early 2015 to support your world view , that is likely gone for good and few if any more modern report will be made under the same pressure . 
  that does n't look like a nordic cross to me . 
  no , instead they are going to point out to the fact that during the course of investigation , they did in fact find out that she previously had sex with several turkish men in their 20s . 
  just not on that particular night . 
  which considering that she 's 13 and remembering the cases of pakistani grooming gangs in great britain raises all the same questions . 
  when pointing this out , i already got some serious hate from folks who actually told me right here on reddit that this sex was in fact consensual . 
  after pointing out to them that this is an impossibility due to the fact that she 's nowhere close to age of consent , i got called an idiot . 
  original article was posted previously on reddit and appeared on der spiegel , which is far more trustworthy than any magazine i know of , especially guardian . 
  guardian as a news paper went down very quickly after greenwald and others left after manning cables debacle . 
  basically the people who earned it the name as objective reporting are now overwhelmingly gone , replaced mostly by sycophantic ultra-progressives who are all about victim complexes . 
  limitation of freedom of speech on specific topics is very much in line with that . 
  edit : in case you actually want to see where guardian 's investigative journalists went , many of them now work for independent news site called `` the intercept '' which was formed by them after leaving guardian with help of an unknown sponsor : https://theintercept.com/, 
  close enough . 
  we have a cross on our flags after all . 
  i stand corrected , but hey , close enough :d, 
  so basically you pretend very hard that immigrants are not priviliged because well , everyone who would be in a comparable situation would be equally privileged . 
  but that is circular logic . 
  locals overwhelmingly do not have these problems for a wide number of reasons . 
  as a result , by default locals will be disadvataged by the system in favour of these migrants . 
  it 's also important to note that legal migrants ( from the start , not post asylum claim ) are also equally disadvantaged before these originally illegal immigrants . 
  as a result , we can conclude that system does in fact favour these immigrants . 
  all you did was list reasons why it does so .
