  and that takes generational changes . 
   as long as russia pays chechnya , there will be no islamist threat from their side you are utterly unaware that chechnyans form only one , tiny portion of islamists in russia . 
   also , there was n't [ almost ] any kind of islamist threat to russia before them joining syrian war . 
  chechnya . 
  just to list a few off the top of my head . 
  islamist threat is very real in both regions , with state representatives being routinely kidnapped and assassinated . 
  i think we 're done demonstrating that you have absolutely no idea about the subject of this discussion . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  you make extraordinary claims and provide zero evidence . 
  this is an easy and visible issue to focus on . 
  issues you list are far harder to quantify and address . 
  so they go for the easy route . 
  `` go join the army they said . 
  find the pokemon they said '' . 
  considering the current situation in the country , there 's not really much eu can do . 
  whatever pressure could be put on turkey through accession talks is clearly gone to zero now , and turkey 's political direction is out of europe rather than to it at this point . 
  that said , us will still never allow eu to drop turkey . 
  us 's strategic interests in the area dictate keeping turkey within their sphere of influence , and eu is an important part of this vision . 
  not really . 
  the message is still the same . 
  it 's just that after screaming bigotry at people that have another opinion for last months , they finally realised that it 's costing them , so they 're not shifting to `` it 's just the campaign that was bad , staying in eu is still a really good thing '' . 
  it 's the same people , singing the same tune , but trying to rid themselves of the stigma they put on themselves by pretending that `` it was just the campaign , we did n't actually mean it , really '' . 
  and then they usually demonstrate that yes , they still very much mean it within their next story . 
  `` if you do n't agree with me , you are an ignorant bigot '' . 
  a good example of a person ignorant of their own bigotry . 
  the most hilarious part is that the uniformity of world around europe compared to massive amounts of shades within europe is a very good demonstrator of islam 's tolerance of other religions compared to christianity . 
  you seem to utterly ignore the fact that russia has a huge problem with middle east 's islamism literally threatening it 's very existence . 
  did you already forget chechnya ? 
  they have far , far more interest in stable middle east than us ever could have , especially in face of current oil situation where it 's importing almost no oil from middle east . 
  that is mostly going to china nowadays , due to fracking . 
  finland and sweden are not in nato , and `` defense pacts '' did not cover any kind of collective defense . 
  nato `` northern flank '' is norway alone , and their only common land border around kirkenes is basically impossible to have any kind of invasion over due to terrain . 
  except for all the rights guaranteed under german law ? 
  that they are all gulenists , terrorists , pedophiles , and just plain evil people . 
  eu is a nation . 
  oooooookay . 
  by your logic , germany should have almost no population then . 
  fact is , it 's actually quite fine from population perspective to kill off a large amount of men . 
  as long as enough women are available to replenishment , you will have full population recovery within one-two generations . 
  actually late 1930s was mainly about gulags . 
  ussr was a mess after civil war , and uplifting required essentially slave labour . 
  so he worked millions of people literally to death in prison slave camps . 
  mass shootings were a small thing in comparison , and were mostly related to specific purges , usually either of `` hostile ethnicity '' or `` hostile group '' . 
  stalin , being georgian took the whole caucasus style blood feud really seriously . 
  one in your family spoke badly of comrade dzhugashvili ? 
  your family and friends get shot in front of everyone if you 're lucky . 
  or you vanish into prison to be worked to the death if you 're not . 
  will take many lifetimes at current speed . 
  stalin 's repressions killed tens of millions . 
  started from the left , second and third are not obese . 
  could not be bothered to look further . 
  also , they are carrying sticks , not assault rifles . 
  the only `` militarization '' visible here is the vehicle on the right , which police departments basically get for free . 
  you 're a physicist , not a lawyer , politician or legal specialist . 
  slice of autumn . 
  most civilian harbours forbid entry from nuclear powered vessels that do n't belong to the state harbour is in . 
  reasons range from lack of relevant service infrastructure to problems with insurance . 
  some regions codify this specifically , like russia does , some have this as a natural outcome of insurance policies like most harbours in europe . 
  it does in fact , due to access to things like medical care . 
  not at all . 
  they are very much for forced distribution of wealth on the basis of equal outcomes rather than equal opportunity . 
  equal opportunity is what the centre-left pushes for . 
  everyone gets as similar as possible of an opportunity , and they can make what they can out of it . 
  equal outcome is what modern extreme left , including one currently ruling canada is pushing for . 
  this is visible in the various programs aimed at the mythical `` wage gap '' , which is actually a difference between amount of time worked and job type . 
  by equalizing regardless of amount of time worked and type of job , merely based on gender and race of the worker is extremely leftist . 
  it 's just one step above straight up communist wealth distribution model . 
  un , not unesco . 
  same problem . 
  works really well , but ca n't enter most ports because nuclear propulsion is banned . 
  if you 're a merchant vessel , you 're far worse off than a military one . 
  you are actually supposed to ferry things between ports , and being banned from most of them is quite a snag . 
  one of the best radar test beds too . 
  first time they could hook a naval radar to essentially as much power as wiring and antennae could take . 
  un one . 
  nuclear subs are noisier than diesel because reactor 's cooling system can not be shut down . 
  and that means that even when you 're still , you 're still pumping coolant to avoid reactor melting down on you . 
  diesels just shut down all pumps and go full electric off batteries , becoming much quieter . 
  they do actually . 
  for example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_bainbridge_%28cgn-25%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_long_beach_%28cgn-9%29 they do n't do it any more though . 
  nuclear propulsion severely limits the amount of ports ship can visit , because many ports outright ban any vessel with nuclear propulsion . 
  there are also various maintenance issues specific to having nuclear propulsion . 
  interesting read . 
  cursory read through suggests that this was exactly what reasonable people suspect , that ukraine uprising is more or less about natives fighting a war with command and control structures provided by russian intelligence . 
  not really anything interesting sadly , other than confirmation of basic facts . 
  there 's no big debunking , or big conspiracy - it 's pretty obvious after the 2014 overthrow that russia would have plans for counter-overthrow of their own of some kind . 
  question : how do you expect society to change if party that stands on platform you support does n't get your vote ? 
  in our democratic republics , there are only two other ways of enacting change . 
  lobbying the elected officials directly and armed overthrow of the government . 
  false on merits . 
  by your logic , us is in a great shape , as most people are on average earning a decent wage . 
  reality is alltogether different , with massive poverty , and oligarchic control having wrestled democracy from any kind of political control over the state and its structures to the point where they barely serve the citizens at all . 
  i will readily agree that left and right need one another to balance out the more fringe parts , and in this regard , centre-left and centre-right make good counterweight to one another . 
  that 's another difference to extreme left and extreme right , who not only do not counterweight one another , but actually worsen the problem . 
  dicrimination based on race . 
  discrimination based on sex . 
  centrist parties do not do this . 
  extremist do . 
  canadian government distinctly discriminates both against whites and against men as a matter of policy , down to selecting members of government based on their sexual and racial traits and bragging about it . 
  to be fair , it is quite likely that at least some instigation was work of cia .
