  it 's the very definition of a circle jerk . 
   this is the young generation telling everybody we are different than our parents who didnt know how to manage democracy . 
  and in the end , you appear to openly admit that there 's genuine disagreement with your position , and that you just do n't like them or their ideas . 
  if you have a genuine cause , acting like this does n't help it . 
  it hurts it . 
  severely . 
  citation : this is how occupy protests died out with no results . 
  do you realise that there 's an embedded video right in the article ? 
  evidence : video in the article linked . 
  `` but there 's a photographer who 's closer '' . 
  who is also not punching through the security line to scream questions in vip 's face . 
   clearly not screaming . 
  you 're wrong . 
  desperate attempts to redefine meanings of words is a tell tale sign of someone who knows he lost the argument , but is unwilling to admit it . 
   again , you 're just simply wrong . 
  he 's clearly grabbed from behind . 
  excellent . 
  now tell , me , if you successfully rushed through the security line , are security personnel in front or behind you ? 
  thanks for managing to confirm that you do agree with my facts completely in the end , even if in such a hilarious freudian slip . 
  i 'm not a `` dude '' and i 'm factually correct . 
  all you did was state your opinion on whether action should or should not be taken . 
  this discussion is about what actually happened . 
  you did n't contest it at all , yet you for some reason stated that i 'm wrong . 
  explain why . 
  you clearly have n't watched the video i linked . 
  i recommend doing so now . 
  it will answer much of what you 're asking . 
  whereas much of what we talked about , and what i recommended is understainding trump 's actions , the integral part of understanding them is understanding the current situation and future geopolitics as far as us is concerned . 
  that speech does a fairly good job outlining the reason why bretton woods is unlikely to last much longer , and what interests us has in relation to this future . 
  first of all , read trump 's book , `` art of the deal '' . 
  it describes very accurately what he 's doing today on state level , alongside with explanations why . 
  this is pretty much mandatory , as it covers much of trump 's methodology . 
  next , you need to comprehend the overall situation us is currently in . 
  i think perhaps the best source here would be this keynote speech by peter zeihan . 
  it 's quite watchable as it 's streamlined to focus on basics , without going into specifics . 
  https://youtu.be/lppnali1ig4?t=1h7m10s next , i recommend looking into techniques trump uses routinely to convince his target audiences . 
  i personally had that awakening reading scott adams ' blog ( the man who created dilbert , but is also a professional hypnotist ) . 
  he goes into significant detail in explaining specific techniques of persuasion trump uses as he 's using them . 
  it 's a bit of a long read as relevant posts go back almost a year , and he 's a fan of inserting self-promotion , but it 's very informative nontheless . 
  finally , after having covered the first three points , i strongly recommend looking into his nominations for various posts in administration , and trying to understand why they were nominated in light of what you now learned . 
  you 'll find that what looked idiotic , chaotic etc before actually makes perfect sense in light of information above . 
   in the us they just elected trump . 
  if thats not `` burning everything down '' i dont know what is then you do n't know what burning everything down is . 
  if you step out of the hallucination that is mass media narrative on trump , and actually look at relevant geopolitics and trump 's policies in relation to them , he 's the exact opposite of that . 
  he 's the necessary correction to growing problems , such as the fact that bretton woods is slowly collapsing as us is continuing to lose interest in international order mostly due to its energy independence from the world , which makes its people unwilling to endure hardship because they have to underwrite the system itself . 
  trump 's policy is specifically pre-bretton woods style disengagement from the world . 
  there 's nothing idiotic about that from us point of view unfortunately . 
  it 's very scary from european point of view however , mainly because we actually depend on us underwriting security guarantees for the system we need to maintain our way of life . 
  my recommendation is to sit down , and do some reading on relevant geopolitics as well as psychology involved . 
  at which point you 'll likely change your mind from `` they are idiots '' to `` oh boy , was i being an idiot '' . 
  it 's an experience all of us who are even remotely self-aware share . 
  famous churchill 's quote on young versus old and their political ideologies comes to mind as a good example . 
  well , you eviscerated him better than i ever could . 
  ouch . 
  do you know what 's one of the most tell tale signs of someone who knows he 's losing the argument ? 
  he starts to split hairs over definitions of words used to describe actions . 
   i think he was remove because of his question and you think we was violent , therefore we have a disagreement . 
  this is more of the same denial of reality . 
  you 're now attempting to attribute reasons to his removal by security to avoid having to address the very topic you started discussing earlier , which is what actually happened . 
  it 's literally irrelevant what he was asking . 
  he may as well have been screaming at her why she 's killing children and drinking their blood , or asking her what she thinks about the weather . 
  he rushed her and was trying to get through security screaming at her and shoving him microphone in her face . 
  anyway , i am not naive enough to think you are in a position to change your opinion . 
  it 's fairly clear at this point that you are suffering from severe cognitive dissonance on this issue , and when people with this problem are presented with more evidence that does n't agree with what they think is reality , they will consistently reject it in favour of hallucination they 're experiencing in their rejection of objective reality . 
  it 's a well documented psychological phenomenon . 
  have you actually watched the video ? 
  if you have , your ideas of what constitutes `` not screaming and asking a question in a normal manner for a tv journalist '' is consistent with maybe the folks who drove princess diana to her fate . 
   or maybe i ` am not a native english speaker and worded the sentence wrongly ? 
  word of advice : do n't debunk your own argument of what happened within the same post . 
  your line of counter argument that you did n't actually mean that video evidence presented is n't a good evidence would be convincing otherwise . 
  but alas , you went on to say :  as we only have a couple of seconds of footage to make a judgement we might all make the wrong conclusion . 
  the entire event lasted a few seconds . 
  it does n't take minutes to charge through the security line to mob an individual . 
  you 're once again showing typical signs of cognitive dissonance . 
  when presented with facts , instead of taking facts at face value , you 're looking for any reason to dismiss them instead . 
  first it was `` well maybe someone will write that this video is wrong '' . 
  now it 's `` well maybe someone will release a video that will show something different '' . 
  common factor - denial of reality . 
  actually as far as i know it did n't . 
  his security was far tighter . 
  the few events where people actually managed to punch through it , their actions were so egregious that there was simply no way to spin it in a negative light for trump . 
  not at all . 
  our views are clashing on what is reality . 
  your view on reality is clearly `` what will be reported '' , which you made very clear in your previous post :  alas it was done in a press room full of journalist , let 's see how this is reported later today this stands in stark opposition to my position . 
  * i want to see what actually happened , and draw my conclusions based on that * rather than on what * someone else 's opinion on what happened is * . 
  as a result , it 's irrelevant to me what is the opinion on what happened of a random reporter . 
  i saw clear video footage of the actions . 
  i find that to be sufficient to describe the facts of the event . 
  i genuinely find it amusing that so many people nowadays suffer cognitive dissonance so significant that they are willing to refuse to treat what they see with their own eyes as reality , and instead prefer to hear a narrative by someone describing the same event instead and calling that `` reality '' instead , and argue that what happened in the video is `` alternative facts '' or `` fake news '' . 
  it 's not about proximity , but about actions . 
  you can stand close to someone and be non-threatening . 
  you can be severely threatening even from a significant distance . 
  actions matter . 
  best part about it though ? 
  you saw a video of the event , and yet you 're gleeful about , and i quote , * how this will be reported * . 
  in other words , you know this will be misrepresented , and you support it . 
  remind me , what was that about `` alternate facts '' and `` fake news '' that i got accused of across this thread ? 
  because they are not mobbing the politician . 
  there 's a significant difference in actions . 
  you can certainly stand behind the security cordon .
