  a bit early to be this drunk , do n't you think ? 
  so you are suggesting that we should go to war with them over this issue ? 
  yes/no ? 
  i 'm sorry , are you at all aware of what i 'm talking about ? 
  matters on the case already revealed quote men in their 20s already having had sex with 13 year old . 
  the new information is that in addition to those , that specific night she apparently stayed with a 19 year old man who is presumably unrelated to those men she had sex with . 
  this scenario is in fact very much similar to the grooming gang cases in great britain , where girls in early teens from troubled families ( which typically includes problems at school ) were groomed by men in their 20s and 30s for practising paedophilia and prostitution rings . 
  i answered a question asked of me . 
  i seriously doubt that anyone sane , including both person asking the question and myself answering it assumed that i am the person who will make the call on the issue for the media and the police . 
  you just agreed on facts , and then you stated that `` it 's not supported by facts '' . 
  what ? 
  this has nothing to do with spine . 
  what you suggest is an act of war . 
  it 's also a remarkably stupid action that would lead to severe problems for the state doing said action world wide . 
  at this point , far more important for `` the world '' is prevention of more victims if possible . 
  if you 're looking at actual grooming gangs , they need to be broken up , as during their existence , more and more boys and girls end up as their victims . 
  really now . 
  the massive marketing of weapons for `` personal defence '' , laws allowing people to carry and even use these weapon against other people and the overwhelming abundance of gun crimes in us are all lies ? 
  your argument hinges on this . 
  this is freedom of speech and demonstration . 
  it should not be curbed . 
  it also presents a great opportunity . 
  if state power structures are functioning , they should be there in the crowd taking identities of those most active in the demonstration and following up on them . 
  this kind of a demonstration is a great source for information on potential terrorist networks , as people participating are likely to be active supporters or at least know active supporters . 
  deportations are pr bs . 
  der spiegel explains why here : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/germans-ask-if-country-is-still-safe-after-cologne-attacks-a-1073165.html#ref=rss relevant quote from the article : but even more difficult than registering new refugees is the deportation of rejected asylum-seekers or immigrant criminal offenders . 
  even as the government has announced its intention to make such deportations easier , the situation is unlikely to change much . 
  for years , german officials have been complaining about 28 `` problem countries '' that continually refuse to allow the return of their citizens facing deportation from germany despite their obligation to do so under international law . 
  they include the maghreb states like morocco , algeria and tunisia , which have shown little willingness to cooperate , especially in cases where those slated for deportation are known criminals . 
  when german authorities , for example , notify the moroccan embassy about a candidate for deportation , officials say they often get answers like , `` we ca n't find that person in our database . '', 
  or they will point to alleged humanitarian reasons for making the return trip unacceptable . 
  one german government document states that around 5,500 algerians , moroccans and tunisians were `` subject to deportation '' as of the end of july , but officials only managed to deport 53 nationals from those countries during the first half of 2015 . 
  in recent months , officials in berlin have complained repeatedly to officials in the maghreb countries . 
  in a joint letter , de maizi\u00e8re and foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier , of the center-left social democratic party ( spd ) , recently demanded greater cooperation from their counterparts in those countries when it comes to repatriation . 
  as of last week , they still had n't received a response . 
  the german government has so far avoided acting on the threat of cutting development aid to the countries if they do n't cooperate , but the warnings are there . 
  over the weekend , deputy chancellor and spd boss sigmar gabriel admonished the maghreb states and threatened that future funding may be tied to cooperation on deportations . 
  the consequences of not being able to deport have become apparent in places like cologne . 
  or in the state of saxony . 
  an interior ministry report from the end of 2015 notes that a quarter of all foreigners suspected of committing crimes in the state were tunisians , despite the fact that they comprise only 4 percent of all immigrants in the state . 
  so far , authorities haven only succeeded in deporting very few . 
  after months of pressure , the tunisian embassy recently sent the german government a list of 170 nationals the country would possibly be willing to take back -- a token gesture of goodwill . 
  still , it is anything but certain that the 170 tunisians will actually leave germany . 
  for years , the german government permitted a situation in which those who behaved the most brazenly were able to prevent their deportation . 
  those who concealed their true identity , went underground at the right moment , got a doctor 's note saying they were incapable of flying or caused such a ruckus in the deportation aircraft that the pilot refused to take off , often succeeded in staying in germany . 
  starting to sound pretty similar to the stories we heard about grooming gangs like those in great britain . 
  starts with complete denial , slowly evolves to `` voluntary stay '' and eventually comes out as a organised grooming of underage girls for purposes of group sex and prostitution . 
  as these folks typically target vulnerable girls and boys coming from really shitty families , it 's not really a huge surprise that girl in question is also a runaway . 
   however i said the culture is similar , not the same as noted above , the only commonality is the amount of firearms owned by people . 
  essentially everything else , from how ownership is acquired and handled to where they are used and with what intention they are typically acquired are completely different , in many cases being diametric opposites . 
  diametric opposite does not equal , nor is in any way shape or form definable as `` similarity '' . 
   for the most part gun culture is similar to finland . 
  factually false . 
  this is the same argument as people in us arguing that switzerland has similar gun culture to us . 
  both these claims are bold faced lies intended to pretend that us gun culture is not unique in its nature and has some sort of comparability to other western countries when it does not . 
  the major difference in us is that guns are considered a line of defence for citizenry against their state . 
  in finland and switzerland ( who do in fact have similar gun culture , and one that is very different from us gun culture ) guns exist as a means of defending their state against outside attacker . 
  major differences arise from these diametrically opposed points of view , such as right of a person to defend himself on the street or even in their home with firearms unless in immediate danger of greater scope ( strictly illegal both in finland and switzerland outside very narrow scope that as far as i know never occurred for a civilian in finland ) . 
  tl ; dr : guns that we have are for defence of the state . 
  not for defence against the state , or the people of the state . 
  in us , it is the exact opposite . 
  seems to me that our difference appears to be mainly in nomenclature rather than reality , as opposed to the people who started arguing against this point of view of mine who were opposed to the very notion of international law being largely non-binding and highly amorphous even when codified and even less applicable when not . 
  my point by large is that codified law has several significant advantages over customary law by benefit of being codified and as such specifically ratified by all parties of the conflict resolution to which is sought . 
  that limits mobility of legal position of parties to interpreting the letter of the law , instead of interpreting customs and cherry picking which customs they wish to emphasize . 
  considering the weakness of internal law , these strengths are extremely important in making international law an actually usable tool rather than just a tool of propaganda with no actual relevance on the conflict resolution . 
  a good example of such propaganda is the throwing around of propagandist nomenclature such as `` rogue state '' , which has no actual meaning other than to make it sound like state is doing something it is not allowed to do , when in fact international law does not allow for such interpretation . 
  international law is purely a tool of conflict resolution between sovereign states , because in dealings between sovereign states , there can be no concept of guilt . 
  this is because such concept would require states to surrender sovereign rights to specific legal framework , which international law by definition can not accomplish . 
  i 'm not talking about `` waving the gun around or pointing it at somebody '' . 
  i 'm talking about actually carrying the gun with you on the street . 
  difficulty you have in comprehending the difference is part of the cultural chasm between frontiersman culture of us vs long term established state culture of european states . 
  problem being that customary law , as you put it , requires all relevant parties to accept it . 
  that is why only treaties of which all relevant parties are signatory are even remotely enforceable in international law , and why while icj likes to claim wide jurisdiction , it has almost none in reality . 
  in case of international law , it quickly becomes a matter of jurisdiction . 
  as international courts effectively need legal systems of all relevant courts to accept the ruling for it to have any meaning , they require all relevant parties to submit to its jurisdiction . 
  in this regard , icj has never been functional as an actual court with power to compel , as evidenced in the ruling of 1986 over covert us war against nicaragua . 
  after icj ruled against us , us simply withdrew from compulsory jurisdiction . 
  that is likely the best legal precedent on just how weak of jurisdiction icj actually has in reality , over hypothetical bs often peddled by those that like to quote its overly broad mission statement . 
  by logic used by proponents of your point of view , this would make us a `` rogue state '' , as it specifically contravened actual established international law . 
  in reality , international law , even when codified is extremely weak unless state can be compelled . 
  mechanisms that compel the best are treaties and agreements to which each state is signatory - that is * codified international law * . 
  even that , as evidence above is still very weak , but it 's far stronger than amorphous `` customary law '' you keep referencing . 
  this is because customary law is indeed based on cultural customs , and when arbitrating a conflict between two very different cultures , attempting to apply customary law of one of the parties will put court in direct conflict with customary law of another , effectively voiding particular legal argument attempting to reference it . 
  overall , i feel that many here keep forgetting , or are simply unaware of the main purpose of any court . 
  that being solely to seek solutions to conflicts . 
  and when the issue is conflict between states , any arbitration will need to take all relevant parties and their interests in account . 
  in this regard , claiming `` civilized arguments '' implying that one of the parties is not effectively voids any jurisdiction such court would have over international law case , as it aptly demonstrates that court is incapable of considering relevant legal system of the `` uncivilized state '' and as such is incapable of its reason of existence - of arbitrating the issue . 
  claim of customary law accepting gay marriage is common among gay rights activists . 
  latest instance to my recollection has been in relation to outlawing of sodomy in uganda , and claims that homosexuality is `` un-african '' which was followed by claims of many activists that homosexuality was in fact commonly accepted in pre-abrahamic africa . 
  obvious problem being that you are confusing the legal definition with common language definition . 
  b. refers to local legislation being accepted by all relevant parties as law in their respective sovereign states when handling conflicts between said states . 
  it 's still very nebulous , and in case of a dispute , argument based solely on this would be easily torn down by even a half-competent lawyer . 
  reminder : to be binding , international law must be recognised by all relevant parties in the case . 
  there is no mechanism to compel a sovereign entity , other than it being signatory to a specific treaty and penalties laid out in and/or resulting from breaking said treaty . 
  which is why actually enforceable cases in international law are highly specific cases based on codified law , whereas nebulous , amorphous cases related to `` unwritten law '' are generally either tossed out , or end up irrelevant due to lack of basis and capability to enforce potential rulings . 
  perhaps i should have been clear that i was referring to actually enforceable international law , rather than the wishy washy common language definition you chose to use . 
  this is why north sea continental shelf arguments ended up non-binding for actually relevant parties ( i.e. 
  those with major stakes in the area ) , and the region is in a legal limbo to this day , as relevant codified internal law , admiralty law does not cover it . 
  the actual negotiations over it are in progress as we speak . 
  it is extremely self-evident that in case being discussed here , any court rulings based on `` unwritten law '' and `` civilized bs '' would be just as unenforceable as current deportation rulings in german courts .
