  it 's a continent that hosts many countries with very divergent cultures , based on millenia of interstate warfare . 
  whoever wrote this one up in who needs a map . 
  tajikistan is not in europe . 
  it 's in asia . 
  same applies to kyrgyzstan , armenia , azerbaijan and uzbekistan . 
  relevant : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#/media/file:europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg, 
  the lady protests far too much . 
  just how many animals has he slept with ? 
  this was long in coming . 
  islamisation and islamophilia in academia has been progressing to this point for a while now . 
  state of uk student body has been something of a mix of a horror and comedy for those of us not residing there . 
   turkey implies the turkish republic , which was founded in 1923 . 
  false statement . 
  turkey 's history includes it 's predecessor states built on the same state structures , such as ottoman empire . 
  this was clearly outlined in the premise . 
  you have to be intentionally obtuse to miss the mention of this three times in the short post , including the second sentence . 
   and key players in continuing on science when the europeans could n't even wipe their own ass ( dark ages ) dark ages were largely caused by massive invasion of militant islam onto the continent , and much of the horrors of dark ages , such as for example concept of witch burning is directly traced to books brought in by islamic scholars during the occupation . 
  when you throw off a regime that is specifically designed to improversh people to cause conversions to your militant religion as outlined in islamist dogma and people overthrow it before they convert and normalise relations , the immediate consequences are obvious . 
  but they are also localized to the immediate people , and as people regain wealth and rebuild their culture , you see the actual contents and value of their cultures and religions . 
  christianity has many problems in its dogma , but it also has several dogmaic points that make it objectively better for civilization building that islam , such as separation of church and state which eventually lead to secularism , concept utterly impossible under islamic dogma which is inherently political in nature as outlined in hadith . 
   they did have slavery , yes . 
  do many condemn it ? 
  yes . 
  you make no point . 
  ignoratio elenchi . 
  that was n't the argument . 
  you 're strawmanning . 
  the argument was that slavery done by ottoman empire was exceptionally brutal and institutionalised and codified under civil law to an unheard extent . 
  this is a favourite argument of islamist apologists . 
  `` everyone is equally bad '' . 
  this is patently false . 
  both mass murderer and family father that hides his bottle of brandy are bad . 
  extent of their vices however is vastly different , as is the need to address the issues . 
  there is a reason why once christian empires threw off the islamic yoke and started to rebuild the devastation it caused , we got reneissance , age of enlightnment , universal suffrage and other modern concepts , whereas islamic nations to this day can not even agree to premise of un declaration of human rights because it 's against their religious dogma even when offered to them in form acceptable to most other major religions and cultures in the world . 
  they literally had to have their own convention , that makes specific exceptions for methods used in sharia trumping human rights . 
  again . 
  not all religions , cultures and empires are equally bad . 
  contents and actions matter . 
  in case of ottoman history , contents were far more horrifying that those of european empires , especially when it came to institutionalized slavery . 
  that would be because they 're coast guard and not navy . 
  their resources and capabilities are quite different . 
  if you give navy free hands to blockade , their methods would be quite different . 
  you can netting over key areas to destroy the propellers on any boats , you can use drones and interceptor boats to chase down anything above water with ease and other similar methods . 
  there are several other methods . 
  none of them are easily available to coast guard . 
  all of them are available to navies of the developed countries . 
  that 's the entire point of blockading hostile territory . 
  it 's not coast guard 's job . 
  you chose to draw clear false equivalence , and then you are complaining that it was ignored . 
  it 's false equivalence . 
  why are you expecting it to get addressed ? 
  you do n't even understand that most of blockading is not about shooting . 
  it 's about not having to waste ammunition . 
  with no respect to white washers such as yourself , the premise was clear and your drawing of false equivalence fools no one other than your friends . 
  more generalist babble , that ends in a typical islamist accusation of :  so let 's end the conversation here because this is n't about history , it is about current politics and you only use history as justification . 
  translation : i have no historic arguments that are relevant in the context , i will not concede my point regardless because i 'm religiously invested in it , so i 'll accuse you of being a bigot instead . 
  standard regressive ideology at work . 
  no , i 'm dead serious , and you have gone down the standard regressive left path of drawing false equivalences . 
  the migration wave that is currently ongoing is almost purely because of the open invitation and the death toll is overwhelmingly due to the sheer amount of people trying to get in . 
  this is a unique feature that did not exist prior to this point . 
  the blood is on your hands and those that stand with you on the open border policy . 
  everyone else is innocent . 
  stop projecting your guilt on innocents . 
  i like how i called the entirety of your post 's content in my previous post , and you delivered :  cherrypick , ignore large systemic problems and talk about people rather than ideas . 
  predictable to no end . 
  we do n't need to defend our border . 
  we need to blockade theirs . 
  there 's a limited room for boat launches , and paths are fairly easy to map out with modern technology . 
  this is a problem that was solved during ww2 at the latest . 
  funnily enough , in large part by the kriegsmarine , who needed to blockade russian fleets and prevent us from resupplying russia through european routes as much as possible . 
  whining about `` embarassment '' and about 400 people dying because merkel invited everyone here in a public speech and our leadership still has no balls to cancel that invitation and make it clear that it 's pointless to take the risk because you are n't getting in regardless . 
  people that are dying in mediterranean ? 
  their blood is on your hands , and your friends , who advocate open borders , ensuring that poor masses get a massive incentive to risk their lives to get in . 
  she should have brought a small goat plushie to accentuate the point . 
  it 's not even hard to do . 
  military blockades are something we knew how to do before the modern logistics and radio . 
   i am not romanticizing anything , you are . 
  i said they were brutal and bloody but not exceptionally so , you are the one assuming that everyone else were n't somehow brutal and bloody , i am guessing especially europeans ? 
  this just shows that you have romanticized view of history but selectively so . 
  generalised platitudes again with zero specifics . 
  i provided specific points of history . 
  you provided inane general babbling , and then proceeded to shift blame to victims . 
  this is common to those that romanticise ottoman empire and islamic civilization . 
   besides `` child theft '' and forced conversions were the vast minority of the conversions but that 's irrelevant . 
  they were codified within civil law , and said children were then used as shock troops for further conquest as they grew a bit . 
  i fail to remember anyone being that brutal in europe . 
  codification of this barbarism in law over centuries is what allowed ottoman conquest to be as powerful as it was , and as exceptionally brutal as it was . 
  and eventually it broke down largely because said stolen children started to turn against them as they overextended . 
   you see , if you had an actual knowledge about ottoman history , you could make a very good argument here about individually exceptionally bloody and brutal leaders more inane babbling about individuals . 
  i 'm talking about codified civil law . 
  difference is that individuals come and go and their life spans are relatively short for biological reasons . 
  law remains far beyond life span of any given leader and demonstrate a presence of a systemic , rather than an individual issue . 
  the fact that you have to consistently attempt to derail the argument from long standing facts and large concepts such as legal structures of empire that spawned many centuries to individual leaders and events that lasted decades at most shows a remarkably shallow understanding of history , which is also consistent with being an islamic apologist . 
  cherrypick , ignore large systemic problems and talk about people rather than ideas . 
  actually , we deep freeze them . 
  one of the key demoralizing factors in winter war on the northern front was blowing up mobile kitchens , leaving soldiers without warm food . 
  finland : cooking people . 
  good to know . 
  tampere got hit really hard by mobile phone nokia 's effective dissolution . 
  i still remember doing that to a bunch of exchange students .
