  freedom to move goods , workers , services and capital . 
  last exists in large parts to disempower states against the rise of capitalist oligarchy that is eating democratic republics in europe from inside . 
  in this regard , leaving eu may not be such a bad idea if you want to start bringing back the main part of leftist world project - sovereign rights that include right to control punitively anti-democratic flows of capital . 
  i do n't think jail time would be helpful here . 
  far more important is the message to average people that this is indeed illegal and you should not do this if you want to be a law abiding citizen . 
  activists will always push laws to the limit and eventually break them as they test the system . 
  to an extent , it 's a necessary process that provides precedence on how law should be exercised in these cases , and where boundaries lie . 
  sovereign rights . 
  nothing we can do , except draw conclusions on our supposedly `` friendly '' western neighbours intentions and prepare for possible upcoming problems of similar nature . 
  yes , this is the same story that says that bombers flew at above speed of light . 
  it also does n't mention that the distance is actually three times the minimal recommended distance , and military aircraft conducting secret operations generally do n't go around screaming on radio `` here we are '' to every civilian aircraft passing . 
  it 's also the same story that pretends that icelanding territorial waters apparently stretch almost to norway and so on . 
  seriously , quoting this story as something other than `` what the fuck ? '', 
  kind of an article is silly . 
  that ' not how radar works . 
  he 's likely talking about civil aviation transponders , that have nothing to do with radar . 
  you better wear ear protection if they 're at altitude you see them clearly . 
  those contra-rotating turboprops actually have their tips go above the speed of sound , which makes the extremely loud . 
  merkel will rule it out until she actually has to do it . 
  at which point she 'll authorize it . 
  seriously , we 've seen this dance before . 
  racist to whom merits do not matter , but ethnic origins of the one expressing specific opinion are of paramount importance spotted . 
   okay , so , let 's backtrack . 
  when this guy shouted at the neo-nazis he `` picked a fight '' with them , and it is somehow an appropriate response to kick him to the ground ? 
  i 'm sure i 'm maliciously misrepresenting your views again correct . 
  i never stated anything that was acceptance . 
  i merely stated that this kind of scenario is far less egregious than that of trying to burn people who were n't in any way part of the fight alive . 
   or alernatively , and preferably , just say that only the neo-nazi that killed him is to blame . 
  which is a patently pointless statement in light of this argument . 
  we are here to try to decipher which movement represents more danger to which parts of population and why . 
  your statement does nothing to address this argument in any way . 
  it does n't even begin to interact with it . 
   this `` ethnic enemies '' thing . 
  i know that that is hhe way the far right thinks , the interesting thing is that that is how you communicate your own message . 
  you 're of course right that `` ethnic enemies '' are statistically fewcin finland , ** my problem is that tou do n't count them as members of the general population . 
  ** surely that is a mistake . 
  another blatantly malicious lie . 
  original statement :  an no , overwhelming majority of people in finland are not `` ethnic enemies '' of the far right . 
  to be a coherent statement , it must assumes majority that is not the target and minority that is . 
  therefore , statement is clear on the fact that they are in fact part of the population . 
   as for sweden being the outlier , come on . 
  as i said , i do n't have access to a computer , but come on . 
  norway , bro . 
  demographics of sweden : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_sweden demographic of norway : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_norway demographics of finland : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_finland two of these are similar in terms of ethnic representation . 
  one is a clear outlier . 
  former group includes norway and finland . 
  latter is sweden . 
   finally , this talk about animal rights groups being categorized as marxist according to political theory . 
  i literally just outlined the specific relation for you . 
   should n't the animals organize and fight for themselves according to marxist conflict theory ? 
  marxist theory ( what is a `` marxist conflict theory '' ? 
  are you talking about derivative social conflict theory perhaps ? ), 
  does not actually suggest that oppressed are the only ones that can organise . 
  modern animal rights activism views this specifically through the maxist theorethical lens , by assigning status of oppressed to animals and oppressor to humans , and then fighting against oppressors for the oppressed . 
  just as marxist movements generally do . 
  compare to for example bolshevism in soviet union , a patently left wing extremist movement that sought to protect oppressed workers against oppressor owner class and were presenting themselves as the agents of this process , while being hated by both to the point where they were crushed in popular elections in 1917 . 
  frankly the ease with which you twist my every word , and often attribute views that are diametric opposite to ones i present in writing is disturbing . 
  again , greece is not a point where border is defensible due to geographic realities . 
  open any world map and look at the greek islands spread across the aegean sea . 
  this is not defensible from mass migration . 
  and greece is obviously not the source of illegal immigration , as greeks can legally migrate , live and work across the eu and have done so in large numbers since the beginning of current crisis . 
   i think we have geopolitical opponents . 
  none that can seriously destabilise the west economically though . 
  china - exports , banking , lending processes , investment limitations , activities in third world . 
  us - `` free trade '' deals , geopolitical sabotage ( i.e. 
  ukrainian crisis ) , potential reduction of interconnection policies ( trump 's old school isolationism ) . 
  russia - geopolitical destabilization ( syria , ukraine ) , activities in third world , severe economic sanctions ( energy ) . 
  this just off the top of my head . 
  i can not comment on minutiae of swedish situation due to my ignorance of those , but i would like to point that demographically sweden is in a very different place from finland , and as a result , ultra-right would likely be far more active than ultra-left in sweden , when compared to finland . 
  this is simply due to stated goals of these movements . 
  ultra left 's interests are represented in power structures in sweden , and not only ultra right , but just plain right is completely sidelined . 
  those with less way of affecting political process through political tools available to them are the ones that do more extremism . 
  that 's in fact one of the driving forces behind modern islamism - as islamist dogma makes it very difficult to participate in a secular democratic statehood process in the first place . 
   let 's begin with this feud between this `` known ultra-leftist '' and the neo-nazis . 
  you write that he attacked them first , which he did . 
  if you count verbal abuse and spitting on the ground as assault . 
  patently bullshit . 
  i said he `` picked a fight with them '' . 
  not `` assaulted them '' . 
  the word twisting you engage in is beyond the pale in its maliciousness . 
   you proceed to write that the far right , on the other hand , target their political enemies ( as in leftists that shout at them ) or , and here comes the million dollar expression , `` ethnic enemies '' . 
  that is the objective goal that defines far right movements throughout history . 
  you are trying to present a factual description of a movement as something that is n't factual and beyond the scope of the reasonable argument . 
  again , this is beyond the pale in malice demonstrated by you to simply try to twist my views into something they are patently not . 
  an no , overwhelming majority of people in finland are not `` ethnic enemies '' of the far right . 
  that is a simple statistical fact . 
  note the difference between demographics between sweden and finland and stop the mindless projecting of your state upon mine . 
   i do n't care what political agenda you have . 
  in the future , avoid this mistake . 
  this is not a mistake . 
  this is a factual description of the problem on merits . 
  the fact that you choose to utterly misinterpret , switch words , draw false analogies just to demonise my position is * your mistake * and * your mistake alone * . 
  perhaps this is where you should consider looking in the mirror on the topic of `` avoiding mistakes in the future '' . 
   third , you conclude that both the far left and the far right pose a threat , but that the far left is the greater one to the general population . 
  i ca n't answer for finland , but for the rest of scandinavia , this is just plain false and backwards . 
  this is actually the second point already addressed above , and no , you are still massively projecting . 
  the only state in entire fennoscandia ( and by exension scandinavia ) where my statement is untrue due to demographic realities is sweden , which is a massive outlier in the region . 
  everywhere else , the situation is exactly as i describe it . 
   finally , i know that you want to categorize militant animal rights activists as left wing . 
  just like with everything before , i judge them on merits rather than lies , platitudes , misunderstandings and misattributions that you have been so keen to practice .
