  thing with civil wars is that they do in fact tend to burn themselves out once external support channels for losing faction are severed . 
  sri lanka makes for a good recent example of this . 
  i would point out that while government is indeed legally democratically elected , it 's not a liberal democratic election , but an illiberal one . 
  us government is very much for removing assad . 
  and as clinton 's election seems increasingly likely , they will double down on it even harder in the near future . 
  save him , then ship him back to libya/turkey . 
  you 're required to save the drowning man . 
  not to give him residence in your country . 
  much less give him free money after saving him . 
  or you just do n't take them to italy , and take them back to libya instead . 
  and then sink the boat . 
  one who 's official 's we 'll bribe to accept you by threatening to withhold aid if they do n't . 
  aircraft actually do work , as do boats . 
  you do n't need parachutes when airports exist in target countries . 
  `` popular '' ? 
  on the finnish subreddit we had trouble finding people who would even know of existence of this rag , much less actually bought and read it . 
  and the rest of us that live in post-snowden world on the other hand ... 
   greek authorities reacted to the presence of the turkish submarines by dispatching six greek ships but vessels can not be chased off in the same way as fighter jets are , sources said . 
  yes , they can in fact be chased off . 
  you use low yield depth charges to let them know they have been spotted . 
  problem is that they are really hard to spot . 
  is it just me , or does that look like a giant , serious looking man carrying a coffin of soviet union on his left shoulder ? 
  statue of liberty is french . 
  i do n't think most of europe think that . 
  problem is that the minority that does happens to be in the power structures right now . 
  though for how long that will last is anyone 's guess . 
  there are quite a few elections in major european states in upcoming years . 
  that 's actually one of the supposed benefits of free market . 
  it kills off the inefficient companies by forcing them to compete with more efficient ones . 
  that 's the goal . 
  whether that 's a goal that serves the good of the state and people is a far more complex and difficult question . 
  for example in case of uk , people have clearly said `` no '' to at least some of it . 
  this is n't a dick-measuring contest between the states , but a show how much bang for a buck eu is getting for its development funds . 
  essentially it 's a metric for people like myself , who 's taxes are paying for it , to show that my money is n't being flushed down some corrupt shithole . 
  as a counter point , we had a pretty big scandal where we found that huge portion of development aid sent to a specific african state was basically embezzled by local corruption in its entirety . 
  so if you think you have it bad . 
  you may have it bad . 
  but you 're a way better investment than many other targets of development aid . 
  by a huge margin . 
  uplifting is a time consuming process . 
  you have to build up the state , its institutions , it 's infrastructure , all while being careful not to inflate the economy too much . 
  this will obviously create a dependency . 
  but weaning nation off it is going to be hard before it 's strong enough economically to stand on its own . 
  that 's likely how it goes . 
  they have to follow the law of the land only in the land . 
  not necessarily outside of it . 
  judging by your response , you finally looked up the meaning of the word . 
  glad we 're in agreement on that one . 
  the obvious counter-point would be that `` even non-islamic parents who love their child would still try to explain away what their child did if they loved him , even after he did something awful '' . 
  that 's why we have an exception in our legal systems in the west that allows close relatives of the perpetrator to not give evidence that might incriminate the perpetrator without any punishment . 
  this really is n't about religion . 
  it 's about parent-child relationship . 
  yes , they are his parents . 
  they are supposed to try to explain his behaviour in any way possible . 
  it 's called `` loving your child even if he does something horrible '' , and it 's why we allow people to not give testimony that might incriminate their relatives . 
  frankly in the position of his parents , i 'd do the same . 
  first do whatever you can to get him as little jail time as possible . 
  everything else comes later . 
   whatever your opinion of this is , the actions were in no way extreme or even revanchist . 
  former was never claimed , and that 's your victim complex speaking . 
  latter is simply factual . 
  again , look up the meaning of the word . 
  the entire point of border agreement is to demonstrate that you have no further claims or problems with borders agreed upon . 
  inserting previous historic agreements into the border agreement demonstrates that you have unresolved claims that you will raise in the future while techically remaining within the scope of the agreement . 
  which is why no sane party that is agreeding to concede all future claims in its part of the agreement would ever agree to this kind of post-signing addition done by the other party . 
  that is why this factor were not present in the agreement when it was signed by both respective governments , and it was only added by your parliament as a part of revanchist agenda currently prevalent in your country . 
   they had quite heavy casualties , so stopping with the buffer zone seemed logical allright . 
  i 'm sure they 'd have taken all of finland if given the possibility , though . 
  the possibility was there . 
  they were winning both times . 
  the only problem was that we would have made them pay significant price for the victory . 
  however as stalin 's priority was to secure leningrad , based on his expriences from 1920s and 1941-1944 , once that was achieved , negotiations were possible . 
   but on topic , the only thing estonia did in 2005 was add a reference to peace treaty of tartu 1920 . 
  the borders have been agreed on and estonia has withdrawn any demands for pre-annexation borders . 
  that was actually the parliament adding these demands after it was signed by both respective governments . 
  thank you for agreeing that your parliament is revanchist . 
  you may want to look up that word - you do n't appear to realise you just agreed with me . 
  that has always been a key feature in us policy . 
  to them , wars are something that happens far away , and consequences do n't really hit back home . 
  that 's why 9/11 was as traumatic for them as it was . 
  it fractured that feeling of disconnect between geopolitical wars and everyday reality . 
   i meant the tribal wars ( which you pointed out ) being used as an excuse for invasion of finland in 1939 . 
  so that it was n't just a land grab , but a response to earlier aggression . 
  that 's what 's very convenient for them , to use it to whitewash their actions . 
  yes , so convenient that they were convinced to stop the war once they got the buffer zone they wanted , both times . 
  seriously , reality . 
  connect with it sometime . 
   and well , i do n't know if i even want to know what ` advocating historic revanchism ' means in your mind . 
  i mean , if nato supporters are all nationalist extremists , and well i forgot , so am i in your mind . 
  quite a crazy world you live in , extremists around every corner . 
  you could start by having your rada actually ratify the border deal with russia . 
  so far , it 's been extremely revanchist , inserting additional claims * after * the deal was agreed between respective governments . 
  just one of the most obvious examples . 
   i know very well about `` securing leningrad '' and how finnish border being close to the city was considered a threat , but linking it to wwi era events when empires collapsed is ... let 's just say very convenient from russian side . 
  what ? 
  if that was convenient , they would n't fight two wars to move the border further and then stop as they did . 
  reality . 
  try connecting to it . 
   so what is that ` significant offensive ' , i 'd ask . 
  no , really , i 'd like to know .
