  the `` winnin lottery ticket '' in this case is likely about guessing hundreds , possibly thousands of numbers out of millions of balls . 
  the number of total criteria needed for any kind of meaningful organic life similar to that on earth is mind boggling . 
  do n't forget the still hot and active planet core , which is not only the apparent requirement for the magnetic field , but also necessary for plate tectonics . 
  there are quite a few others . 
  at this point , this is mostly a demonstration of how we 're improving our ability to see smaller and smaller objects in other solar systems , and not much else . 
  your entire tirade actually makes my point about the sheer mindlessness of your hatred . 
  i 'll simply re-iterate my main point . 
  there are plenty of people that do not share your mindless hatred . 
  these are also people who live on the actual border , and have to handle day to day actions of russians for many decades . 
  the fact that you choose your own mythos instead of their experiences as basis of the discussion is the very reason why you will consistently fail to comprehend how world works , and will instead insist that actions of those you demonise are not logical , predictable , or even human . 
  because once you made that evil caricature of russian in your mind , and decide to view all of their actions through it , you end up with same conclusions hitler had with jews . 
  that they are irredeemable , and need to be destroyed for the common good of humanity . 
  and the fact that your there are people who view russians as they actually are , and because of it , their relationship with russians is just fine as the story very clearly spells out , it 's not that your mythos is wrong . 
  it 's just that in spite of decades of living on the border , `` they just do n't know the real russians as well as you do '' . 
  which is literally the argument hitler made in 1930s about jews , and later on about slavs . 
  and until you drop the mythical caricature you built in your mind , and actually face the reality as it is , alongside the fact that you are in fact simply wrong on much of it , you will never be able to take your place in the world as you should . 
  it 's unfortunate that people like you will continue to hold your nation back . 
  you 're still weaseling . 
  you made an indefensible point . 
  you are now trying to weasel out of having to defend it . 
  would n't go that far . 
  in rome , they used to have a tradition where a dictator would rule for a time of crisis to solve said crisis and then step down and give power back to the senate once the problem was solved . 
  it was unheard of that anyone would use this position for personal gain instead until this institution eventually crumbled . 
  only to the elites . 
  ordinary people appreciate hungary holding the border , and poles have a right to have government that represents them even if it 's against our interests . 
  that 's the nature of democracy . 
  not at all . 
  russia is quite predictable in terms of border relations , as long as you do n't have irrational fear of them , and do n't think some kind of inhuman force , but actually grant them normal human aspects projected through the lens of their culture . 
  nope . 
  no weaseling out of this one . 
  your whining was specifically about winter war , which was even before actual ww2 . 
  if you ca n't argue the point on its merits , do n't make the point . 
  your comparisons demonstrate quite well just how mindless and illogical your fear and projection really is . 
  are you planning to set up a wahhabbi caliphate and start raiding russian schools and kill their schoolchidren by hundreds , after ethnically cleansing your entire country of non-poles ? 
  i suspect eu and us would actually be a bigger threat if you 're going down the chechen route . 
  do you have contested territories from breakup of soviet union that were traditionally russian , but stalin or khrustchev gifted to you that did n't join you when you went independent of soviet union and where you have an armed standoff and you 're planning to just go in killing people to retake them ? 
  then you 're not a georgia . 
  are you a neutral country at a key juncture which sits at a key geopolitical fault line for russia that they need to stand neutral to have any chance to defend their heartlands against potential attack from the west ? 
  then you 're not ukraine . 
  get over yourself , get over irrational fear and projection , and comprehend that your fear is in fact the main reason why you can not get working relations with russia , when their long standing neighbours that are far less populous while having far longer borders with them can . 
  frankly to me , the current state of poland is a tragedy . 
  you have a formerly great nation , that has a very distinct , old culture , and significantly imperial outlook of itself - and then it has the reality that it was utterly crushed and controlled by by surrounding nations for last century and a half at least . 
  which leads to the projection that to show that you are indeed imperial , you need to at least crush the ones who had you subjugated , otherwise you 're not going to restore your honour and your greatness . 
  fact is , you 're already quite great , and you just ca n't see it . 
  russians are the people who line up to come to work in your state . 
  you already beat them where it matters - in the economy . 
  and yet , you still feel inferior , apparently until you get to pillage and conquer moscow again , and make your eastern neighbours your servants and slaves . 
  which is the main aspect that is still holding you back from taking the place in the world that you really should be occupying , not only as a part of eu , but as a nation with distinct culture that gave significant amount of inspiration to modern western culture . 
  different cultures . 
  as i understand it , they 're actually required to be stone-faced . 
  they have really weird rules on how to behave when in official position representing their government . 
  the funniest difference i personally found was the one we have in military conscription . 
  we both use universal conscription . 
  but our conscripts marching is basically normal walking , just at a specific tempo . 
  russians ? 
  they have to march with those weird ass straight legs , heads turned at a specific angle and stone-faced . 
  i have no idea why , but that 's the way it is . 
  i imagine as a us citizen , you 'd find a whole lot more commonality with them there - weirdly specific codified or unwritten traditions of behaviour when representing state in specific scenarios . 
  overall , living as neighbours is about accepting that it 's a different culture at some points and you work with commonalities you have instead , like our fucking awful weather , winter darkness , drinking and so on . 
  hint : get 500ml of vodka into the most stoic russian in the world , and he 'll be your best friend for life . 
  have you tried reading the article , rather than projecting your mindless fear and inferiority complex upon others ? 
  there 's a reason why you can not find a post ww2 example . 
  and by your logic , everyone should live in abject fear of germany , as they were by far the worst offenders of the time . 
  we do n't , because we 're sane people , not ruled by illogical fear . 
  because we have working border relations with russians , and russians have working border relantions with us . 
  largely because we do not suffer from inferiority complex , nor are we afraid of them . 
  which lets us work with them in a way that all parties find acceptable . 
  only if you 're a crazy polish revanchist . 
  both finland and norway have no such plans , so we have working relations with them , especially when it comes to managing the border region . 
  as you can see in the story . 
  terrain is awful in that region . 
  you really do n't want to get lost by wandering too far away from the roads , because there 's nothing but freezing wilderness that is very hard to move in . 
  that 's why norway never even put any significant defences in place there during cold war . 
  no sense . 
  you ca n't really mount a credible ground attack over that terrain . 
  it only opens up on russian side . 
  nope , not swallowing the weaseling . 
  this was your exact claim :  the phrase `` people there support their leaders '' assumes americans still support those who `` fucked up the middle east . '', 
  as you and i both agree , this is n't the case . 
  i presented a specific case in recent history that demonstrates that such people enjoy significant enough popular support to get elected into highest office in the state after doing just that . 
   and he based his views on reflection on russian views he met . 
  see ? 
  we could go on and on with this . 
  not really . 
  if i based my opinion on americans based on my experiences with assholes who were their army soldiers , i 'd think them monstrous people . 
  luckily i also met many who were of significantly different social status that were starkly different people , and learned that they are far better people , and far more like myself and less like thugs . 
   for some reason , none of these countries have politics similar to russia . 
  i was rather hoping that you would attempt to comprehend my point rather than just attempt to fight it regardless of factuality . 
  i guess i was far too charitable . 
   this is whataboutism . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  this is a term invented and used by propaganda shills to justify why their propaganda grants special status to one state over another . 
  you are using it very much in this context , suggesting that international law should apply to some state differently than to another , because your point needs it to do so . 
   oh boy , i was about cruelty , not numbers . 
  because as we know , death toll does n't matter . 
  hitler was such a nice man , as was mao . 
  it 's all about the feels that they give you with you , is n't it ? 
   and was sentenced to death and executed . 
  polish were sent to russia as well . 
  i wrote about it earlier .
