  let me throw another curveball at you . 
  did you know that finns from eastern finland are ethnically closer to russians in karelia than finns on the western finland ? 
  so here 's the question : are they less finnish ? 
  should we treat them like you treat your minorities ? 
  heck , their variation of finnish is almost impossible to comprehend to someone that comes from west of the country like myself . 
  does that make them any less finnish ? 
  their opinions on how our country should be run any less valid ? 
  why ? 
   the profits are being privatized , the costs are transfered over to the citizenry and to the world . 
  co2 indirect costs and water waste costs amount to more billions of eur than one might think . 
  and those costs are accumulating . 
  welcome to globalization and capitalism comrade . 
  ussr had its problems , we westerners have ours . 
  and yes , your shale is incredibly nasty stuff . 
  i actually worked on plants that burn it without the soviet tech , so we could burn it for more than two weeks without having to shut the plant down and clean out the burner from all the crap that sticks to its walls . 
  it 's still a key energy source for your country and a good source of hard currency . 
  without it , winters in estonia would get pretty cold , considering that you could n't import from russia , us or poles , since russians already have a massive deficit in their south during winters as they have to supply crimea , and we are still fighting it out with areva over when they are going to finish building the nuclear plant that was supposed to be ready and producing over half a decade ago . 
  and poles would rather sell theirs to germany at a massive premium as they are doing today , thanks to energiewende . 
  that 's one heck of a one sided description . 
  i suppose that was to be expected . 
  if you stuck to your guns and claimed actual colonialism on part of current owner , you 'd have to claim that estonia is the colonialist , as population is overwhelmingly not estonian . 
  which is obviously just as untrue as your description of russia above . 
  the reason why estonia will not give it up , and should not give it up is energy . 
  power plants running on local oil shale in the region not only supply estonia , but also provide important source of export via the cable to finland , generating significant profit . 
  i actually owe you an apology for spelling the region name in finnish . 
  your language is sometimes just not similar enough to mine . 
  funny how just a few years ago , this was sold as a grand success story of a new state in europe . 
  relevant : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cairo_declaration_on_human_rights_in_islam this declaration is widely acknowledged as an islamic response to the united nations ' universal declaration of human rights ( udhr ) , adopted in 1948 . 
  it guarantees many of the same rights as the udhr ( cf. 
  liberal islam ) , ** while at the same time reaffirming the inequalities inherent in islamic law and tradition in terms of religion , religious conversion , gender , sexuality , political rights , and other aspects of contemporary society at odds with islamic law and traditions . 
  ** examples : article 19 : `` there shall be no crime or punishment except as provided for in the sharia . '', 
  article 24 : `` all the rights and freedoms stipulated in this declaration are subject to the islamic sharia . '', 
  do tell us what you call the situation in it\u00e4-virumaa if that 's your interpretation of russia . 
  it 's not . 
  buzzing defences is not about cold war . 
  it 's about maintaining readiness . 
  us utilizes defence buzzing for the same reasons that russians , chinese , british , french and all others do . 
  you want to maintain understanding of radar installations and their coverage , readiness times , interception patterns and so on . 
  at the same time you keep up wear and tear on interceptors ' engines . 
  there are telltale signs of submarine getting detected by a surface ships that can be found , such as detection hardware usage increase , signal analysis of traffic on board the ship and so on . 
  these kinds of runs are usually done with recon aircraft monitoring from distance to detect these signs . 
  the obvious answer being `` and liking brandy too much ends you up as churchill mr. zeman - unlectable drunk even after winning a world war as a head of state '' . 
  the intercept is the new media created specifically for investigative journalists like greenwald to continue working after uk government cracked down on guardian hard post-snowden and manning . 
  after that guardian basically died as a investigative journalism outlet and instead because a paper for spreading extremist left wing message under the guise of investigative journalism . 
  it would be sad if people who currently report for guardian would come to poison the intercept . 
  it 's one of the premier sources of investigative journalism on the internet right now . 
  and as with guardian , getting infested with radical extremist left wing demagogues typically leads to death of investigative journalism . 
  i think you summarized a large portion of my argument there . 
  especially during his young years , where instead of getting education and valuable job experience he 's stuck behind bars . 
  at that point , even a gilded cage would chafe most sane people . 
   i do think this guy should not be returned to society and made to work for a decent life in prison . 
  i revise my earlier assessment . 
  for someone to be so pathological as to suggest that slavery is acceptable in modern europe ... 
  frankly i 'd rather live next to this guy before he was rehabilitated . 
  reasoning is quite simple . 
  this guy killed someone close to him as a premeditated crime of passion . 
  you on the other hand are actively looking for complete strangers to ruin their life . 
  for a stranger living next to you , he 's a far safer option . 
  good to see this sort of thing happen . 
  notably , this applies to all european societies to extent . 
  i recall that germany still allows homeopathy treatments to get state funding for example ? 
  i would not mind as long as he was rehabilitated . 
  why would you mind a rehabilitated criminal as your neighbour ? 
  once a person has settles his debt to the society and been rehabilitated , he should be allowed to re-enter society and contribute to it . 
  what you are demonstrating is a mix of prejudice , sadism and desire for vengeance for act that was n't even directed at you . 
  personally i 'd much rather have a rehabilitated criminal as my neighbour than someone as dangerously unstable as you . 
  you keep saying this , and yet you present zero evidence for why these men would have such a high treat of recidivism . 
  do you even understand what prison is ? 
  he 's going to spend what should have been best days of his life , his youth behind bars . 
  seriously , what is wrong with you ? 
  please explain why you think recidivism is inevitable in this case . 
  clearly , russians are cannibals !, 
  c'mon , move with the times . 
  on the case , 2.5 tons is a pittance in comparison to the massive flow of eu approved contraband going through belarus . 
  did these guys forget to pay off the right person ? 
  indeed , those damn mysogynists , demanding that we actually demand to be informed on the facts of the case . 
  clearly , anyone who suggests that cologne was about a bunch of arab men doing things that find significant acceptance in their own culture to women that our culture finds unacceptable ... * is about hating women !, 
  * what the fuck ? 
  actually this is a consistent issue throughout modern feminism which should not be confused with old wave feminism which fights exactly this to this day in developing countries but is largely ignored by modern feminists in developed countries . 
  unfortunate reality today is that many of the universities have been utterly penetrated by such people in teaching positions , and as a result journalists that graduate with appropriate degree and go to work practice journalism with very specific political agenda . 
  this was extremely visible in news coverage of events in cologne , to the point where the old school feminists ended up openly calling up the modern feminists on the feminist forums to talk about it with no results . 
  there was a video released by modern feminist group with `` questions for men '' that featured things like he mentions in the story , like `` how does it feel to be the same sex as donald trump ? '', 
  that appears to be the first half of the complaint . 
  second part is about men who have been societally pacified into believing that as long as they take care of their immediate family , society will take care of the rest . 
  which in this case appears that our society is incapable of doing . 
  i can understand the former complaint , but i have no tolerance for the latter one . 
  taking justice into one 's own hands leads to lynch mobs and street justice , which is the diametrical opposite of justice . 
  teacher did something . 
  he punished the one claiming to be a victim for being tardy . 
  dark humour is about the only way to handle these cases sometimes . 
  that said , there 's a lot of `` alleged '' in the story . 
  i 'd like to see evidence if possible before making a final call . 
  due process and presumption of innocence is there for a reason . 
  it 's not about belief , but lack of horrible collusion due to similar goals of media and private prison sector , both of which directly benefit from higher crime rate . 
  free market claim is bs , for a very simple reason . 
  free market naturally leads to monopoly , because tendency of capital is to consolidate its assets and use it 's efficiency of size to destroy and buy out competition until monopoly is in place . 
  that is what happened in us during trust era , and why state intervention was a norm during golden age of capitalism . 
  now that state intervention has been removed through corrupting government structures by capital , and `` free market '' sold as a positive rather than negative through corporate media , people like you are unwitting `` useful idiots '' pushing the agenda which is in direct conflict with their natural interests . 
  sure . 
  applicable example .
