  why would i ? 
  however , i 'd like to point it out again that we 're having extremely good relations with all our other neighbours , except for russia . 
  but in russia 's case , you 'd really have to look which neighbour gets along with them . 
  we do . 
  keep them at arms length , but make a point of keeping all their competitors at arm 's length too . 
  same applies to all but one of their central asian neighbours . 
  estonia 's policy on the other hand is openly `` we ca n't wait for you to collapse and we 'll help your competitors at any and all junctions of history to accomplish this '' . 
  you have a history of doing just this with the nazi germany , with which you clearly have n't come to terms to this date . 
  that leads to situation where you feel only victimized , even though you did your share of victimizing . 
  estonian ist judenfrei , i 'm looking at you . 
  again , this is something that will likely come to you with time . 
  we were just as stupid back in 1920s . 
  the only thing we can hope for is that you do n't do too much irreversible damage while growing up as a nation state . 
  `` the guardian spin '' is real . 
  junker has already tried to peddle this angle about uk negotiations . 
  the guardian is spinning it as usual as if junker 's opinion is the one that matters in these negotiations , and completely ignoring the reality . 
  reality is different . 
  junker effectively self-destructed on political level because of these opinions ( they 're now talking about `` letting him retire for health reasons '' for a while which is euphemism for throwing politician out ) , and council basically told him to go fuck himself over the issue . 
  merkel is in charge as usual , and she is singing an all together different tune : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/brexit-triggers-eu-power-struggle-between-merkel-and-juncker-a-1100852.html#ref=rss, 
  very much true . 
  to the point where many young people in developed parts of europe can not buy their own apartment any more . 
  london is an excellent example of this . 
  in this regard , i would imagine that if you were to instead examine `` how many people own the house they live in '' , you 'd get a far less one sided statistic . 
  this is a good first step . 
  a very common scenario in modern world is that company developing it infrastructure takes a contract on the cheap , and then charges and arm and a leg on maintenance . 
  this is because they are the only ones with source code and people with relevant know-how . 
  if source code is required to be open , you could contract other parties for maintenance , which would significantly reduce maintenance costs . 
  a very smart move . 
  bulgarians , you get to be proud of your state - in this regard , it 's far ahead of the rest of us . 
  cherry on top of the cake is that this also reduces corruption by reducing incentives to corrupt officials responsible for procurement of it infrastructure . 
   and when i tell my neighbour i ` have to react ' when they party too loud in the night , that 's also not a threat , it 's just ` stating an obvious fact ' ? 
  a softer word for the same thing . 
  correct . 
  glad we 're on the same page . 
  shame you had to go full retard in the last sentence . 
  next time , you should try your very approach , call the police and then inquire with them if what you told your neighbour is a threat or not . 
  their answer will shock you . 
   so here a historical nazi invasion plan is a totally relevant thing for russia , but baltics pointing out to soviet occupation is some stuck-in-history warmongering ? 
  you are utterly silly if you think that policies toward a small state can be compared to policies of an imperial state . 
  there 's a reason why us still holds guantanomo bay , there 's a reason why brits and french still have their colonial holdings , why french went into the car guns blazing and so on . 
  not comprehending the difference simply demonstrates just how young and naive your nation still is at statecraft . 
  that is fine though . 
  statecraft is something that comes with experience . 
  i think you 'll start getting there in a generation or two , just like we did . 
  it 's just important that you do n't do too much damage while you 're still in your proverbial `` teens '' and see the world as black and white . 
   hate to break it to you , but it 's not like there are that many people living in so up north , which means there 's less to conquer , there 's less to protect etc. 
  norway is also in nato and yet i do not see russia being too hostile to them . 
  you are utterly clueless . 
  norway and russia had huge problems in the arctic , in large part due to their participation in nato . 
  essentially entire russian presence on our borders is aimed at countering potential nato strike from norway . 
  but at least you understand the relative lack of value in the northern europe , which is why we can be independent , and not become a vassal state as you did . 
  for you , the situation is far more precarious , as you are effectively the anvil against which kaliningrad will be attacked , and the main platform to launch an attack on russian heartland . 
  we here in the north are somewhat less strategically shaky , as we are mainly important due to st. petersburg - murmansk pathway lying next to our borders and our relative proximity to st. petersburg . 
  on your last point , the reason why i call it `` hysterics '' is because i actually have personal experience on the issue . 
  i used to do some summer work on the plants you have in narva , specifically the units that were built to basically meet the environmental standards to sell the power back to us via the submarine cable . 
  during this period , i saw the attitudes of the locals first hand . 
  it was utter hysterics , with not a shred of sanity or realism . 
  96 % of that region are russians . 
  i got to talk to a lot of them , as i did to the estonians who formed the leadership at the plant . 
  russians were genuinely happy to be estonian , but they were worried about discrimination . 
  estonians ? 
  they literally tanked several deadlines by giving leadership to estonian who had zero skills , over several specialists who were russians who were the ones who got the job done in the end . 
  their reason ? 
  `` we 'll never let a russian enter a position were he can lead over estonians '' . 
  this was the reply of the boss on site , verbatim , to my face when i inquired upon the second breaking of deadline . 
  and this attitude was prevalent among the estonians . 
  around here in finland , few would care if you put a russian or estonian in the lead if he had the skills necessary . 
  at worst you 'd get some grumbling in the pub after work . 
  that 's why both russian and estonian minorities in finland are by far the best integrated minorities in spite of our traditional insular culture . 
  and as for the costs they spend on military , do this : pick a map of russia , and go around its borders . 
  count the amount of peer competitors , and hostile nations . 
  you now understand why they have to spend so much on military . 
  they are surrounded . 
  that 's why they do n't want us in nato . 
  our border is literally the most peaceful one they have . 
  they do n't want it to become another hypermilitarized estonian border . 
  if we become a vassal state of us , it would eventually get there . 
  we know , they know , and if you look deep down inside , you probably know it too . 
  overwhelming sense of self importance is another sign of lack of maturity in statecraft . 
  again , you 'll get there in a couple of generations . 
  we had the same problem back in our teens , which resulted in things like tribal wars of 1920s with us attacking russia in the name of ideal of great finland . 
  understand that you are in fact just a small nation commanding a fairly small chunk of their border . 
  and then you 'll stop being the proverbial chihuahua who thinks that it 's the most important thing to the guard dog guarding the neighbour 's lot and so spends most of its time barking at it hysterically . 
  and then runs away to its owner whining when guard dog barks back . 
  i was crystal clear what i was talking about . 
  your prejudices to directions are yours , and yours alone . 
  also , am i disliked on / r/suomi ? 
  if i am , that 's news to me . 
  i have a  5k karma on / r/suomi . 
  it 's the reddit i have most karma from on the site in fact . 
  which is notably 3 times more than you have in total . 
  which would bring you to asking yourself why are you disliked on reddit ? 
  how about you quote the post before that , to which i was sarcastically answering to ? 
  resorting to quoting out of context is demonstrates well that you have no arguments . 
  name calling and more identity politics , and zero numbers or facts , in spite of me specifically presenting with numbers and facts . 
  childish to the bitter end . 
  yes , that 's what i read in the english speaking news . 
  the peddling of same idiotic narrative . 
  it 's quite funny how that was twisted . 
  hint : that 's not what was said .
