  ahmadis are viewed as apostates because of it . 
  quaran and hadiths are the final word of god and can not be changed . 
  it 's apostasy to claim otherwise . 
  as i 've noted to several people in this particular thread , this is an issue you 'll have to take up with women 's rights movement . 
  current situation where man is legally mandated to pay for the child but has no say in whether child should be born while woman has all the say in whether child should be born but complete ability to absolve herself of any costs is created by women 's rights movement . 
  at least in britain you at least can have a paternity test . 
  in france , they managed to outlaw even paternity tests , so man can not even contest the claim of him being a father in court of law . 
  is it really so bad that food security is actually threatened ? 
  last i checked , pretty much the only communities with any real risk of hunger in eastern europe were roma , and even they had enough social help to not be at any significant risk . 
  the statement is completely sane in light of islamic religious dogma . 
  this shopkeeper was an islamic apostate from mainstream islamic point of view and hadiths specifically demand death for apostates . 
  between 80 and 90 % of mainstream muslims support death penalty for apostates according to pew research . 
  this particular shopkeeper was a muslim apostate . 
  they live in constant fear because of aforementioned fact and need our support . 
  unfortunately , instead of it they get derision , as our mainstream is firmly islamophilic to the point where they had the gall to ask the members of local sunni islam to represent this poor man to the media . 
  they might as well just ask the killer to do that personally . 
  did n't you see the whole thing where local sunni islam leaders were asked to march with leaders of scotland in his memory ? 
  i sat for a while scratching my head when i saw pictures and the stories of that . 
  they literally called the local head of the branch of islam that killed the shopkeeper to represent him . 
  it would be hilarious monty python-esque satire if it was n't true . 
  there is no freedom of speech in eastern europe ? 
  you can not walk on the street bitching about your leader and not get arrested for it ? 
  i 'll concede states outside eu as many of them are authoritarian , and we have no meaningful impact on their policy . 
  but you can most certainly criticize leaders in all eu states all you want without legal repercussions . 
  it 's and either/or proposition . 
  either your nomenclature is flawed , or your premise is absurd . 
  for your premise to make sense , you have to not understand that `` representative democracy '' does n't in any way refer to amount of people being represented . 
  i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  you know , i copy pasted this response quite a few times on this topic . 
  it 's hilarious how many people are in full seriousness telling me that they know exactly what the folks who do n't share their opinion think , and how that validates their opinion . 
  you 'll have to forgive me as i wo n't hold my breath for that one . 
  i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  really , this influx of you folks who genuinely think that you know exactly what your political opponents are thinking is amazing in relation to this particular news case . 
  it would be sad , if it was n't so hilarious at the same time . 
  minds of those who 's opinion you do not share . 
  look at my flair . 
  russia is a reasonable neighbour to us . 
  of course , we 're not accusing them of every sin we can imagine on daily basis , nor do we project our problems to be their faults . 
  everything from not following up with armed putch to not electing another oligarch . 
  no , setting treaty signature as a reward for actually complying with pre-requisites would be an incentive . 
  granting them the treaty even through they can not uphold their part of the bargain and letting them take a dump on our producers is simple stupidity . 
  you have a huge issue with women 's rights movement , as it actively advocates for both mandatory child support for whoever is claimed by mother to be the father ( in france they were so successful that they outlawed paternity tests so claims are incontestable in court of law ) and for mother to have ability to give the child away with no consequences . 
  suggested metric which demonstrates that your argument has no merit : freedom of speech . 
  problem being that in this case , your suggestion shifts the payment to the other victim of said `` crime '' ( if we were to accept your nomenclature and agree that being an ass is a crime , notion i do not subscribe to ) , and that victim is in a much worse position to bear the consequences . 
  it 's not fair and i 'm not defending it . 
  but solution presented above is strictly worse than status quo . 
  i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  i 'm sorry if explaining facts of life like you 're five comes off as `` being cranky '' . 
  but brazen character assassination attempts such as one you tried above can not be taken lightly in current political climate . 
  i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  there was a recent video released by a feminist organisation which literally stated this particular line . 
  as for your amateurish attempt at psychoanalysis , let 's just that you should stick to your day job and avoid situations where you judging person 's character incorrectly would lead to losses . 
  i took a look at my history , and literally the only post of the kind you suggest my history would be full of is the one where i state that many changes that women 's rights movement brought us are unfair . 
  this is factual . 
  in modern western europe , there are no legal rights that men have that women do not . 
  but there are several rights that women do have that men do n't . 
  this situation was brought to us by women 's rights movement , and it 's maintained by it . 
  this is strictly unequal and unfair . 
  in that case , your premise makes no sense whatsoever . 
  almost none of them are skilled . 
  large minority are illiterate . 
  shut up and vote hillary , because she has a vagina and therefore understands women 's needs better . 
  update : she does n't give a fuck and will continue with reforms . 
  it 's not about `` not releasing names in a timely fashion '' . 
  data is apparently dumped in one huge chunk . 
  sifting through and collating it takes time . 
  i refer you to the obvious point on extra-marital affairs and the fact that in the past , they commonly resulted in children . 
  as a result it 's self-evidently not an urban myth , but historical reality likely still present in places where affordable prophylactics and abortions are not available . 
  birth control helps women contain the worst consequences of their infidelity , which explains the low numbers today in comparison to well documented high numbers of infidelity . 
  you have serious qualms with women 's right movement . 
  it is the reason why we have the system where man is not only expected , but often legally mandated to do so . 
  it 's unfair , but many changes brought by women 's right movement are . 
  when cripple pretends to want healing only to smash his own knees by re-electing another corrupt oligarch and then turns to you and demands alms , you have a right to tell him to go fuck himself . 
  so ukrainians have no agency , did n't overthrow the president that enjoyed massive support in the said east under pretence of removing corruption and did n't immediately re-elect another corrupt oligarch to take his place ? 
  either putin is mastermind of godly proportions , or you are just shifting blame that lies squarely on you . 
  notably in both scenarios , europe has a vested interest in not getting involved any more than it is today . 
  are you aware than saudi have significant interests and support leftist mainstream in almost every european state ? 
  does that mean that left are doing their bidding , or their agendas simply happen to match on some topics ? 
  are you implying that western europe did n't invest massively in eastern europe , enabling countries like poland to pull themselves to become economic powerhouses ? 
  to be fair , for many of the ordinary people in those states , life was shit then and it is shit now . 
  the only thing that has changed is awareness of just how shit life is . 
  current solution is actually pretty good . 
  do n't start free trade with those who will not or can not implement necessary aspects of free trade . 
  here 's something else . 
  stop being such an egomaniac . 
  world does n't revolve around us or what we do . 
  responsibility for fixing their country lies in primarily in the hands of those who reside in it . 
  do you realise that with ukrainian levels of corruption , any such harmonization would lead to absolutely no results . 
  necessary papers would be simply falsified as needed . 
  case to point : recent croatian mig-21 brouhaha . 
  that 's not what he said . 
  he said `` if this goes over the threshold on turnout , we 'll have a discussion '' . 
  and after discussion is had , outcome will be ignored and deal ratified . 
  problem being , in such a fledgeling party , who would govern ? 
  you need people who have experience in actual governance .
