  that looks amazing . 
  the bed part even tilts , emulating the missiles platform itself . 
  the only thing missing is some kind of rubber band at the end so the kid could launch himself like a missile , maybe about half a metre or so . 
  i can see myself playing for hours with that kind of a bed as a little boy . 
  that 's oversimplification that obscures the reality . 
  in most case , these are grants that are target specific fields that ec views as struggling . 
  cultural exports ( such as video games ) are one of the fields where us has been very dominant , so ec has grants for companies working in this field to help them make and publish products that are cultural exports . 
  this is not really comparable to state assistance but in the most general sense . 
  you appear to be under same misconception that many other people are : that feminism is a movement for equality of sexes . 
  this is patently false . 
  from feminism blocking any initiative for `` legal abortion '' to feminism working to legally recognise man as automatic perpetrator in any male-female interaction that results in police investigation and woman the victim to feminism actively working against even things as benign as shelters for battered men ( google for this , you 'll find a lot of damning video footage ) , feminism is distinctly anti-equality . 
  it 's a supremacist movement . 
  and as it continues to penetrate places of power , its dogma continues to penetrate legal systems and public services , that adjust laws and best practices accordingly . 
  as i said , you are completely wrong on this one . 
  even older cruisers can survive far more hits than that even without any damage control . 
  here 's the latest usn sinking exercise : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxvkemb-8cy similar was observed in live situations with uss samuel b. roberts and uss stark from the same ship series . 
  and those are older ships , with weaker structures . 
  problem being that latest air defences are caps . 
  not ship based weapons . 
  there 's a very good reason for that too , that being severe limitations on what ship based defences actually can do against anti-shipping missiles . 
  luckily however , you are also wrong on your last point . 
  we have significant evidence that a single missile is in fact not enough to `` ruin your day '' on a modern military vessel . 
  about the only exceptions to this are aircraft carriers and oilers . 
  modern cruisers and destroyers are extremely resilient . 
  which is why these missiles are typically programmed to be able to differentiate between targets and engage specific targets within battle group that are more vulnerable , unless they are clearing the way for the follow up strike . 
  i do n't think this will really last . 
  should db really start to falter , it will be propped . 
  it 's another one of those `` too big to fail '' banks . 
  in real world on the other hand , there 's a reason why us 's more advanced aegis cruisers are not considered the main anti-missile defence units of the fleet , but caps are . 
  your strawman does n't even have any straw left . 
  if you count marxist rebels in , they have . 
  not really religious movement in traditional sense , but it 's still very much a political faith kind of a movement . 
  venezuela 's oil is much harder to refine . 
  the main reason why saudi oil is as important as it is on world 's oil markets is not just due to production volumes , or known reserves . 
  it 's because their oil is extremely cheap to refine . 
  you mean besides the known logic , the fact that nato itself gave it the appropriate name and the well documented panic within nato ranks when information of this missile 's capability was acquired ( from which said name stemmed ) ? 
  of course , by these standards f-22 is just an utterly shitty aircraft , aegis cruisers are complete junk at air defence , and israeli navy ca n't even defend itself against barely guided missiles . 
  `` let 's remove the harm and just say a cadre of low flying bombers with dumb munitions '' . 
  i think we 're done here . 
  i recommend you look at the analogy . 
  this ship is about as well equipped to fight missiles that operate like s-700 as your average aaa is equipped to fight a wild weasel package carrying aircraft . 
  because these missiles are specifically designed to destroy just that kind of a ship , or bypass its defences to strike the target being defended by it , depending on mission logic programmed into them . 
  essentially , this is a bit like saying `` well this aaa system is going to perform really well against the wild weasel team '' . 
  no , it is not . 
  no one made such a claim but you . 
  try not to strawman points , especially to such an absurd degree . 
  your average battle group has far more than 8 ships , and largest logical swarm we know of is 8 missiles . 
  it 's fairly obvious that no one is suggesting that each missile can take out multiple ships . 
  p-700 swarms were specifically designed to penetrate entire battle group air defences and disable or destroy high value targets such as aircraft carriers . 
  hence the nato reporting name . 
  a single type 45 has all the chance of snowball in blast furnace of surviving one . 
  on the other side , p-700 's satellite guidance is likely still offline . 
  and it 's not like one destroyer was ever meant to actually do anything other than pr . 
   ensuring 60 fps on mobile is hard . 
  keep it as a hobby . 
  what you mention above has absolutely nothing to do with ensuring correct timings within vm . 
  you as as well have noted that `` keeping water warm is difficult '' . 
  good thing there 's a thousand and a half ways to sync the output of the process for time-sensitive tasks , and similar amount of extra cycles to do it . 
  the main reason to buy ancient hardware is not because it 's magically better at things . 
  it 's because you have legacy software and software engineer 's time is expensive . 
  good thing this hardware works a few thousand times faster just on raw cycles , letting it do thousands of cycles to do the prediction in the same time the commondore could do one . 
  because they were by far the worst hounded minority , and they were specifically marked as such outliers by hitler himself . 
  nothing you mention is about exterminating people based on nothing but ethnicity . 
  they can , but they 'd require significant software coding to do it . 
  in fact , i suspect you could just run a commondore emulator on it with this software running in it , and it would do the job . 
  i really recommend the marzipan stuff . 
  some of the best you 'll find , and absolutely the best for the price they 're sold at . 
  i think i gained at least a couple of kilos during my few month visit in my twenties in spite of being very physically active because of them , and i regret nothing . 
  they are genuinely amazing , and very cheap by our standards . 
  just do n't talk in russian and you 'll be fine . 
  anyone from northern and western europe is viewed very positively . 
  i had a blast in early 2000s visit tripping estonians the fuck up in tallinn by talking in finnish , and then after they get all friendly , suddenly switching to russian . 
  the confusion was real . 
  which is wholly irrelevant to the point . 
  if china was to conquer entire asia all the way to ukraine , it will would n't be a european nation either . 
  turkey is in europe geographically . 
  culturally , it has almost no european in it , other than what got attached to it from all the ottoman slaving of europeans brought to it . 
  which is very little . 
  demographically , turkey is well documented for terrorising and mass murdering heretical european peoples of all kinds , be they armenians or greek all the way to modern times . 
  so while you certainly have a place in europe , you most certainly do not have a `` more significant '' place than any of the smaller european nations . 
  that is blatant ottoman supremacism talking , and there is no room in europe for it . 
  that 's a pretty awful logic which dictates that india , pakistan and china among others are also in europe . 
  you have a good point based on geography . 
  do n't tank it by making easily debunked claims instead . 
  not really . 
  it 's smell of preparation for presidency . 
  first round is likely going to select le pen vs whoever sarkozy 's party selects as their candidate . 
  that means he can ignore the leftists and push for le pen 's supporters . 
  consider that these numbers were supposed to be on per capita ratio , not absolute numbers . 
  the actual top countries by far are the small northern states . 
  they 're massive outliers . 
   there are different levels of pressure in foreign policy : trade is only one of them . 
  that is a completely different topic . 
  you were talking specifically about trade war :  he promises trade wars , to put pressure on china . 
  you 're saying he would n't then keep the pressure going by using the best card he has aka the us navy ? 
  yes . 
  trade wars and military wars are completely different beasts , fought using completely different tools . 
  honestly , sometimes i think that being able to offend one another is one of the main parts of integration . 
  as long as people have to walk on egg shells around each other , they will never view that other person as one of their own . 
  his hostility against china is in trade , not military .
