  the next greek-turkish war . 
  they already fought one out while both being in nato . 
  turks run well over 1000 airspace violations a year , at times over 1000 per month when it comes to greece . 
  remember , greece and turkey are antagonists who fought a war while both being in nato . 
  and on the other side of the religious fence , not allowing abortion is incompatible with human rights . 
  let 's be fair . 
  which european countries actually wanted to hold the refugees and not pass them on whenever possible ? 
  that list is awfully short , at zero countries . 
  no one wants these people . 
  even swedes are now saying their country is full , after the initial `` refugees welcome '' attitude . 
  this is going to get worse , because russia keeps getting massive inflow of afghans and syrians constantly . 
  did you read the statement , or did you just knee-jerk based on your prejudices ? 
  because my statement makes it very clear to anyone who is n't overreacting and stopping reading after the first sentence that there were multiple factors . 
  and no , it was n't genocide , unless you 're ultranationalist ukrainian with an axe to grind or their supporter . 
  if you need to look for actions of stalin that meet many criteria of genocide , you do n't need to look far . 
  there were quite a few . 
  the fact that you choose to intentionally ignore the deaths of russians , kazakhs and modovans all from the same event shows that you do indeed have an axe to grind here . 
  reminder : stalin peacetime policies caused more deaths in ussr than that country lost in ww2 . 
  and they played a part in this particular event , but crop failure was still the main cause that triggered the deaths . 
  everything else merely exacerbated the numbers . 
  to call something `` genocide '' , you need the actions to be the main cause and people the specific target of elimination , rather than merely items that aimed for a completely separate goal that worsened the outcome . 
  for example , you would be much closer to reality if you called the people forced to work on actual electrification of ussr genocide , as many of those died horrible deaths directly as a cause of it . 
  yet it still largely does n't meet the requirements because the aim was n't to actually kill those people , but to uplift an post civil war agrarian society to industrial age as soon as possible to stay competitive . 
  and it 's not like stalin was playing favourites . 
  most of his victims were russians , not ukrainians . 
  his own people , georgians also took a significant hit . 
  and he did n't even treat his own son in any special way . 
  he was just as disposable to stalin as anyone else . 
  overall in many events that were in part caused by stalin 's policies deaths were just a part of the fact that stalin 's policies simply viewed people as disposable , and as a result many actions taken were taken without regard to dangers they posed to workers . 
  shall we continue on the `` axe to grind '' portion , considering the original poster , or shall we agree that propagandist wankers do n't deserve to be listened to ? 
  or you could simply read the literature available on the topic in countries that do n't have an axe to grind on the issue . 
  english wikipedia sources offer plenty of suggestions on where to start . 
  it was a massive crop failure combined with massive problems due to lack of knowledge of the new grains being introduced , that was prevalent across the region . 
  crops that did n't fail often either rotted in the fields or just were n't harvested due to lack of know-how . 
  no idea where you pulled your claim from . 
  points to consider : you are far more likely to get killed by a random object falling from a building while walking down the street , or dying to a car hitting you than terrorism . 
  do you feel this kind of fear about getting out to the street ? 
  why ? 
  it 's far more dangerous in comparison . 
  tickets will likely be cheaper now that people have neuroses about these things . 
  use the opportunity . 
  rather suprised at the angle of the story . 
  i thought pretty much everyone who wanted to be informed about ttp and ttip understood that main parties were multinationals against states , not states against one another . 
  they should name him `` gas '' . 
  fitting , and would have a sense of humour to it . 
  it 's the modern consumerism . 
  traditionally decorations did n't come out until late december . 
  but got ta get those sales in . 
  it also hit three nationalities , not one . 
  russians , ukrainians and kazakhs were all hit . 
  to a smaller degree , moldova also got impacted . 
  ukrainian ultranationalists like to pretend many things , one of them being that holodomor just impacted them and was a creation of russians , rather than a massive crop failure that hit all nationalities in the region involved . 
  at the same time stalin 's komissariat had to meet a quota of selling grain to foreign clients to raise hard currency for national projects such as electrification of ussr , so they started squeezing peasants of the `` bread basket region '' , that being eastern ukraine , southern russia and western kazakhstan . 
  which were the regions where most of the holodomor deaths occurred . 
  hence the deaths . 
  severing data links in the area is actually fairly easy for military . 
  you just use jammers mounted on helicopters or aircraft that loiter in the area . 
  civilian grade infrastructure does not have the ability to withstand it . 
  problem is that side effects of this kind of action are quite severe . 
  personnel on the ground will suffer from this kind of jamming , as will obviously civilians that need the information infrastructure . 
  it 's an issue of a cure being worse than disease . 
  anything less , and you 're not really accomplishing much , because reasonably well funded and equipped terrorist cell like one that hit paris will likely have their own radios and you can get a satellite phone/datalink hardware quite easily nowadays . 
  those will remain unaffected by termination of local services . 
  perpetrator with means to counter the raid or avoid it if he was given exact , live information on status of the raid . 
  i 'm nowhere near the optimism you have in terms of science advancement , mainly because i see that while the speed with which we increase gaining amount of new knowledge continues to go up , our ability to actually apply this knowledge is stagnating , due to limitations mentioned above . 
  we have all but exhausted the low hanging fruit in most relevant fields , and often even the one on the middle levels of the tree . 
  the advancement is no longer about making leaps . 
  it 's about massive investment to squeeze a couple extra percentage points . 
  advancement that would be required for your dream would need those leaps , and a lot of them . 
  we 're barely making any any more . 
   the main point was that in the long term nothing says we need factory work outside of history . 
  mr. trump just got elected and one of the biggest reasons was specifically because there is n't enough factory work to keep large amount of people occupied and hopeful for their lives . 
  this is a sociological element linked to our development as species . 
  we need something for people to do , and overwhelming majority of people lack the faculties to become top level specialists required for the style of economy you envisage ( also see # 3 above ) . 
  that means factory style work is needed . 
  and as that declines , science progress itself becomes endangered , because there 's less attention on advancing it , and more attention on desperately keeping the lid on the most destructive force known to man - large amount of people with no hope in their life . 
  his legacy held for almost three quarters of a century , but even he was unable to strip islamism of its power in modern turkey . 
  would be pretty hard to make a dick move with it being glued to the door and all . 
  if you do not have intelligence to decipher `` many words '' , perhaps you should not be discussing complex issues that require them ? 
  he did n't do it to any significant degree . 
  stalin 's issue was building a state . 
  as a result , he was n't targeting people for extermination . 
  he was just targeting any dissidents for slave labour needed to build cities in the great wilderness of ussr . 
  you could survive it and come back . 
  it was hard , but many did in fact survive it and come back . 
  on the other hand , you do n't come back from actual targeted ethnic cleansing . 
  you do n't have to ask jews or roma under hitler . 
  you can ask muslim men in srebrenica . 
  that is what ethnic cleansing looks like . 
  stalin was very egalitarian and meritocratic in how he dispensed death and suffering . 
  that 's why you wo n't be able to find an ethnic group in soviet union at the time that did n't suffer from his repressions . 
  if you opposed him , you got more repression . 
  if you did n't you got less ( but still quite a bit ) . 
  you had to do just one thing to contribute to modern world . 
  just one thing !, 
  and you nailed so many wrong people and still missed the target . 
  seriously , that 's a new level of incompetence . 
  skynet will no longer be buying your services . 
  isis massacring innocent christians and destroying `` pagan '' holy sites , etc , is all heretical according to mainstream interpretations and traditions . 
  factually false .
