  but to discuss issue this complex , one must understand the background around it . 
  read the article . 
  it 's quite a detailed description of current situation in the region . 
  turkey 's `` winning '' would mean breakup of eu and most of relevant middle eastern states , as that would be required for the end goal of restoration of ottoman empire . 
  i somehow doubt that you 're talking about this when you talk about `` turkey winning '' . 
  read the article . 
  in real world politics , hate and love play a minimal role . 
  interests take the stage . 
  read the article linked . 
  the `` nato bail out '' we were expecting were 20 kt tactical nuclear bombs on our cities to deny soviets use of our infrastrucutre . 
  as a result , all of said cities have large bomb shelters that house things like swimming pools and skating rings deep underground , and every major apartment complex must have an abc shelter which is used as storage , sauna room etc during peace time . 
  put a sock in it . 
  in realpolitik , `` hating '' or `` loving '' is irrelevant . 
  there are only interests . 
  because clearly , it 's either all the interests or none of them . 
  there 's no middle ground . 
  you need to shill harder . 
  read the linked article . 
  the man does indeed have balls , as this is his reporting history : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seymour_hersh, 
  no , the point is that regardless of eu interests being unified , turkish interests as stated in the article are in direct opposition to them . 
  it 's certainly a fact that greece has a whole different set of security priorities to those of germany , or france or poland . 
  but turkey 's current policies pose a significant danger to all of their interests , and nato is just as crippled as it was during greek-turkish war , which forces european states to seek alternative power structures to deflect the threat . 
  stop peddling the current propaganda line and read the article linked . 
  i make it clear that i 'm making zero propositions . 
  i 'm merely pointing out the obvious problem with existing power structures , which is the reason for the current event . 
  unlike many people here , i do n't have an agenda to peddle , as i 'm not sure what 's the good solution to the current problem . 
  that 's why an honest discussion , rather than the current `` evil russia and china vs good west and its turkish ally '' pr bs is necessary . 
  i make no such assumption . 
  i merely point out the problem with existing power structures . 
  problem being that nato is not working as a defensive alliance between states within it . 
  the reason for it is outlined in hersh 's latest in depth article on syria : http://www.lrb.co.uk/v38/n01/seymour-m-hersh/military-to-military, 
  for those wondering why , this is a good primer : http://www.lrb.co.uk/v38/n01/seymour-m-hersh/military-to-military last year effectively demonstrated to large european states that us and turkish interests in nato are currently in direct conflict with priorities of eu . 
  this makes nato useless and often even damaging to their own security , and as a result they are seeking alternatives . 
  ministry of truth . 
  not of `` people '' but of a spouse/partner that gave his/her concent to taking the picture during taking it . 
  if you gave people a right to take down any picture with them in it , you would destroy freedom of press as well as freedom of speech . 
  think about it for a moment . 
  bets involved on the other side are massive , which is why this court applied so many limitations to the precedent . 
  assuming maturity in a breakup is like assuming civility in a civil war . 
  burden of proof would fall on one presenting the claim in that case . 
  you 'd likely need a written contract of some sort , which is obviously not going to happen . 
  this issue is basically about an aspect of private life that is n't legislated and for a very good reason . 
  in general , legal butting into people 's bedrooms gives government and justice system , as well as people nothing but grief . 
  and no , being an ass or hurting someone 's feelings is not illegal , also for a very good reason . 
  that would be incorrect , as model has no copyright unless specifically stipulated otherwise in a separate contract . 
  copyright is fully retained by one taking the photograph by default . 
  managing publication rights is a copyright issue . 
  that is why issue is not a crime . 
  in this case , court appears to go on the angle of `` breach of privacy '' on top of copyright . 
  prior to this , most of the attempts to take the photos like these down were based on copyright and typically rejected for reason mentioned above as far as i remember it . 
  if someone is more knowledgeable , i 'm interested in hearing more . 
  interestingly enough , i suspect that publication by current spouse is not going to fall under this precedent , so one could conceivably publish `` this bitch cheated on me in our bed with my best friend , here are her nudes '' before breaking up and remain outside the scope of this ruling . 
  when did poles ever ask you ? 
  :d oh , the times of commonwealth . 
  how is posting photos taking of which had concent `` defamation '' ? 
  it in no way defames the target , as it 's a factually correct depiction of a person . 
  i get a feeling we are having a cultural/linguistic clash here , and defamation means something else in polish . 
  you do n't . 
  but if a photo shows up on a revenge porn site after the fact , you can be taken to court and will likely lose . 
  as with most such decisions , this is mainly about deterrent rather than punishment . 
  obviously the intended meaning is `` within a reasonable time frame '' . 
  main goal is prevention of publication , as in revenge porn . 
  in this regard , publication is necessary for the goal , and penalties for it significantly increase the threshold for publishing the incriminating materials . 
  in this regard , it will likely be enforceable enough to cover overwhelming majority of cases . 
  and if the other person is an asshole ? 
  frankly , making judgement calls based on who is a `` decent human being '' in a breakup is like trying to draw a line in the water . 
  that 's why these cases are typically so hard , and that 's why it 's good to have a reasonable precedent established . 
  nsa is outside court 's jurisdiction however , and frankly this is not a realistic threat scenario for individual 's private photos that are of no significant interest to national security . 
  stop weaseling and spewing pretentious bullshit . 
  you accused me , straight up , of and i quote `` attacking you again '' . 
  you `` commented '' on opinion , utterly ignoring facts presented to you just a few days past . 
  then you commented suggesting that attack on your argument was in fact an attack on you . 
  that is something that people with agenda do nowadays when they get caught . 
  i 'm all for civilized discussion and arguments on merits . 
  but direct bs accusations followed by weaseling pretentious `` well i did n't actually accuse you of things you did n't do , kind of , i think '' is a good way to piss any reasonable person off . 
  consider not doing that again if you do n't want to look like a pundit pushing a bs agenda . 
  to be fair , this winter is setting heat records around here . 
  since you went full on retard with `` you attacking my terrible argument is same as attacking me , and you 've done this in the past '' bs , time for some quotes :  labour force in ukraine is now cheaper than in china or even india ( !!! ) . 
  considering their size , position , natural resources , education etc , they should be the new top spot for relocating cheap industry and services in europe . 
  that 'd require confidence , trust and stability in the country , though . 
  that is a direct quote from your post . 
  you do n't get to pretend this is not something you did n't say . 
  the lack of `` trust '' is not because of outside issues . 
  it 's because of the overwhelming corruption you 're well aware of - i presented an example of just how this kind of corruption effectively steals western investments wholesale here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3wmjbt/nine_points_about_ukraines_prospects_for/cxxm8z7 this was posted in reply to your own post only a few days ago , so you were in fact well aware of the reason why western companies avoid investing in ukraine . 
  you simply chose to ignore it to push an agenda . 
  wow , that 's one heck of a leap from `` i do n't get why companies do n't go to do business there , their work hours are so cheap '' to `` they should stand by the side and watch '' . 
  that 's a whole lot of false equivalence . 
  then winter comes and you are suddenly happy you 're not from here . 
  that joke exists in most cultures actually . 
  i have a fridge magnet from montenegro that is titled `` 10 montenegrin truths '' : 1 . 
  man is born tired and lives to rest . 
  love your bed as you love yourself . 
  rest well during the day so you can sleep peacefully at night . 
  do n't work , work kills . 
  if you see someone resting , help him !, 
  work as little as possible , and delegate whatever you can to others . 
  no one has died of resting yet !, 
  work makes a man ill , do n't die young !, 
  if you feel a sudden urge to work , sit down and wait it out . 
  when you see that people are eating and drinking , join them .
