  animal rights activist platform is distinctly leftist because it 's entire basis lies in marxist structural oppression dynamics . 
  humans are the oppressor class , animals are the oppressed class , animal rights activists are soldiers in a fight against the oppressors for the oppressed . 
  the fact that you are utterly unaware of even basic realities of political theories that actually lie at the backbone of left-right political divide while trying to analyse said items in depth on supposed merits is why you fail as badly when doing so as you did . 
  you are left with nothing but projections and politically correct platitudes to base your logical outcomes on , and logical chains formed on actual political theories that formulate the political distinction between people are completely out of your reach . 
   this is n't my definition by the way , eventhough it is supported by my personal observations . 
  we have in fact arrived at the same conclusion in this regard , though i open up the logical basis for it , while you just guessed your way to it based on biases of the environment you 're immersed in . 
  no , that 's realistic . 
  there 's no optimism or pessimism there at all . 
  it 's simply the way it is , and small state that happens to be in the way gets to suffer from it without being able to impact it . 
  solutions will have to come from power that are strong enough to be able to affect demographic sized of this magnitude . 
  that refers to larger states in eu and eu itself . 
  small member states are distinctly helpless in this regard . 
  geography on the other hand refers to affecting the problems causing the migration where they are occurring . 
  for example addressing the causes of crises triggering the flows , becoming more active in destroying the mechanisms that drive the flow along the existing geographic fault lines , blocking borders where it 's geographically possible and so on . 
  this is actually a fairly popular thing among specific far left folks . 
  they 'll scream hate at pretty much anyone with identity they do n't like . 
  you can look for some amazing clips of them doing this on youtube . 
  but this is still on the fringe on the society , at least for now , mainly limited to far left and just how deep they sank with identity politics . 
  kindly point me to where i suggested that this was about * parties * so i can smack myself for mistyping ? 
  i ca n't find it , but i 'll assume that i just missed it and you did n't decide to completely change my argument at random to support your position . 
  are you really serious in thinking that we have no geopolitical opponents any more , or that economic destabilization is about `` destabilizing with exports '' ? 
  you are projecting far too much . 
  none of the points you just chose to attribute to me are my viewpoints in the slightest . 
  my point was and remains in the fact that positive discrimination to ensure more representation , especially in rather miniscule amounts practised in soviet union is justifiable on ethical grounds because it specifically was not a discrimination against jewisih people , who in spite of it remained vastly overrepresented in top positions . 
  opposing argument is that it 's distinctly unethical because it targeted what posters views as `` oppressed minority '' . 
  the view points you chose to project on my position are in fact far closer to position of my opponent than to my position in this debate , though i do n't think either one of us shares them in the way you state them . 
  comparison to us is specifically because policy was far lesser than that of us , while being clearly used to `` advanced one set of brown people in favour of others '' . 
  because policy was n't about pushing russians nearly as much as pushing about other minorities like central asians that were quite intelligent but had a clear problem with level of regional development obstructing their growth , mainly limited by geographic access to their regions . 
  soviet union was world 's biggest state in terms of geographic size , but sparsely populated , and main requirement of cultural growth is urbanisation . 
  so yes , it 's justifiable to try to tap the pool of talented people from rural areas . 
  it had nothing to do with `` discrimination against a minority because of skin colour '' . 
  a common misconception among young and inexperienced people that have no idea how macro economy works and only have experience with post-cold war era and it 's destruction of basic stabilization elements of uncontrolled capitalism . 
  which was a distinctly anti-leftist project . 
  reality is that entire post war period , that is exactly what entire society did . 
  we had capital controls that would specifically punish such activities that sought to punish democracy for rejecting oligarchic rule . 
  in cases where capital flight was allowed , `` flight tax '' of some sort was usually in place making it punitively expensive to do so . 
  what kind of question is this ? 
  animal rights activists are patently ultra-leftist . 
  their entire platform is that animals should have near human or human rights , and that they are an oppressed group , defining it in strictly marxist terms . 
  you might as well go asking if nazies are really far right . 
  surrender to oligarchy is a distinctly anti-democratic extreme right wing policy . 
  fighting against oligarchy , if needed with capital controls and taxation regimes on the other hand is a common leftist policy . 
  or was common during the post-war period until collapse of soviet union , which is what kept economy stable enough to ensure that soviet union was n't able to destabilize capitalist economies of the west to the extent where it would win the cold war . 
  the point you 're making can be summarized thus : `` advancement of oligarchy , and its ability to threaten democratically elected government into ignoring directly democratic referendums is a good thing '' . 
  fact is that political left used to be the main bulwark we had in the western world against this very behaviour . 
  any time it was publicly tried , popularity of the left would spike magnificently and oligarchs would get severely punished by things like capital controls simply preventing them from fleeing in the first place . 
  and solutions can not come out of the greece either simply because it has no impact on either demographics or geography . 
  it would matter in no way if greece 's economy was at its peak . 
  it would still have the same problem of being overwhelmed by massive migration it can not affect . 
  your last argument is simply irrelevant to the point in its entirety . 
  this argument is insane . 
  russification was about teaching people the mainstream language so that the huge country with many different languages could have a chance of communicating , and that children of these people had a good chance of finding employment and advancing within ranks of the state . 
  to bill this as `` discrimination '' when it 's pointedly the exact opposite is beyond the pale . 
  even hostile propagandists during cold war did n't go this far . 
   it is exactly the way it works . 
  `` i ca n't hear you , lalala '' fingers in ears . 
  nice . 
   and he did nothing to fix them . 
  there was and is a huge effort on president 's part to fix the problems . 
  that one of the main reasons he 's so unpopular . 
  suggesting this as a good reason to go against brexit and celebrating it ? 
  yes . 
  this needs to be widely condemned . 
  it 's a good example of just how advanced rule of oligarchy is in our societies , and it is left 's job to be the main resisting party against oligarchy , as oligarchy is partially within scope of right wing 's terminal goals for society . 
  you 're now changing your initial statement completely to avoid responsibility for it . 
  original statement was :  your statement will be semi-legitimate when the first leftist in finland/scandinavia commits political murder or manslaughter . 
  after which you were presented with concrete recent example where ultra-leftists not only actually tried to murder people , but celebrated it , openly stating that people who almost died would have deserved death because they just happened to be working for a company that had some kind of a project together with a fur company . 
  that was enough for ultra-leftist wannabe murderers to celebrate their potential deaths openly . 
  the only lucky aspect of it was the incompetence of these wannabe murderers . 
  contrast this with the case being discussed here . 
  the guy who was killed was a known ultra-leftist activist , who picked a fight with ultra-right wingers first , who was kicked once and fell . 
  his death was not celebrated by ultra-right at all - instead it was painted as unfortunate consequence , and they claimed it was an unfortunate consequence of man that died picking a fight with them ( which is true , it was a pretty standard ultra left vs ultra right activist fight , guy who died just happened to fall in an unfortunate way ) . 
  the tone between the two could not be more different . 
  ultra-left is willing to mass murder by fire for the slightest association with what they view as `` morally wrong '' . 
  ultra-right kills an opposing activist by complete accident in a fight that ultra-leftist picked first and is semi-apologetic about it occurring . 
  and yet , ultra-right is apparently more dangerous than ultra-left to society according to the popular narrative . 
  any sane person would comprehend that just the motive alone demonstrates that ultra-left is far more dangerous to average person in the society , because they specifically and openly target civilian population , similar to terrorists , whereas ultra-right targets either `` enemy activists '' or `` enemy ethnicities '' , which is a far more narrow targeting definition . 
  both are very dangerous to society in their own ways as both seek to destroy constitutional order within societies , but to average person within the society , immediate danger from far left is far greater . 
   your statement will be semi-legitimate when the first leftist in finland/scandinavia commits political murder or manslaughter . 
  yes , we were . 
  animal rights activists are firmly in the ultra left camp . 
  click on my link , and pretend you are n't blind to the graph . 
  crisis is not borne out of greece , or greek efforts . 
  it 's borne out of demographic reality of africa , middle east and west asia , combined with geographic impossibility for greece to defend it 's borders against the illegal migrants . 
  as we have seen with migrant behaviour on borders that actually can be closed , such as that of hungary , and migrants assaulting it , there is very little that state that is deemed by migrants to be `` too poor to be worth staying in '' can do to affect the migration . 
  you 're looking at total production graph , not export . 
  by your logic , positive discrimination mechanics in us are actually about discriminating against white and asians rather than trying to uplift the less successful groups up . 
  has it ever occurred to you that your cute anecdotal case is common everywhere when it comes to top secret military research ? 
  it 's called `` security clearance '' in us for example , and it happens routinely . 
  they disqualified people based on polygraph tests alone ( which have a ridiculous error rate that was never admitted to and is well documented to have ruined many promising careers ) among other things . 
  that is middle of the summer , when there 's always significant surplus in nordpool because hydro is at its peak , and there 's no expenditure on heating . 
  and by the way , none of that power you 're importing is nuclear . 
  literally , zero according to swedish grid operator : http://www.svk.se/en/national-grid/the-control-room/, 
   its probably wrong translated , but a `` consisted protection '' guarantee is what is needed . 
  should they make prostitution illegal again in the future , those who are registered as prostitutes should have a unremoveable right to continue . 
  that 's not the way legislation works in liberal western democracies . 
  we have a concept of rule of law , which means that you do n't get to do things after they have been codified as illegal just because you were doing them when it was n't . 
  and legislative branch exists specifically to decide what is legal and what is not . 
  what people are generally protected against is from being prosecuted for acting against the law before the law was enacted . 
  it actually has nothing to do with that .
