  to be tortured and killed . 
  and so it happened in poland . 
  russians conducted genocides on polish too . 
  see above . 
   this is what i do n't like . 
  the `` bidding '' atmoshpere . 
  polish were sent to russia too . 
  my uncle was in siberia as a child . 
  needless to say what was it like ... see above . 
   once again . 
  did happen to polish as well . 
  why do you think ex-ussr and ex-satellites are not fond of russia at all ? 
  see above . 
  it 's getting really tiresome when point was made two posts ago , and you persist in pretending it was n't , because your angle needs it to not have been made . 
   i wholeheartedly disagree . 
  this is washing hands . 
  bad people do bad things , maybe except for those mentally ill . 
  it 's just that not everybody was bad and obeyed the evil . 
  and that is where i will end the discussion . 
  this is the cornerstone of western way of life . 
  you accept that people are generally good , and you respect their lives and their life goals . 
  you fear the ideology that gets good people to do awful things to other people . 
  this is a lesson we learned after ww2 at the latest , and most of us learned it before that time . 
  on the other hand , it 's the dictatorial , typically oppressive regimes like stalinism that elevate people as the source of `` evil '' rather than ideologies . 
  that is what lets them demonise specific groups of people and ostracise them . 
  this is literally the civilizational difference between ourselves and the significantly underdeveloped cultures of the middle east . 
  it 's very worrying that there are still europeans who espouse same beliefs , even after all the tragedies that these backward , unethical views have caused us before we developed them . 
  i suppose when your racial hatred is deep enough , you become the that which you hate - the caricature of the `` evil russian '' you built in your mind . 
   so what are their greatest achievements ? 
  elevating largely agrarian backward state where most of the people lived in isolated pockets across huge empty areas into industrial and scientific giant . 
   i see russian tanks in crimea and donetsk and i hear russians saying that no russian forces are in ukraine . 
  do n't fool yourself , traditions are exactly the same . 
  today i learned : machines are people . 
   the phrase `` people there support their leaders '' assumes americans still support those who `` fucked up the middle east . '', 
  as you and i both agree , this is n't the case . 
  we very much disagree on your rather incredible claim . 
  facts disagree with your point as well , which is why i disagree with it . 
  fact is , g.w.bush was in fact re-elected after he `` fucked up middle east '' for example . 
  i understand that you are incapable of doing so . 
   i am talking about population genuinely wanting the troops to be there . 
  to the point that the american troops are pretty much film stars in places they go in eastern europe . 
  people have beem waiting for the americans to come for 50 years in some places , literally . 
  having actually seen the quality of people that us troops usually are ( extreme internal criminality problems that spill over , very specific mindset ) , i get the feeling that most people are only feeling that because they do n't have to interact with them on a meaningful level . 
  they have very much the same superiority complex that comes from being raised in imperial states . 
  if you genuinely think of them as `` film stars '' , the depth of disappointment you 're going to have when you actually have to interact with them to any significant degree will be soul crushing . 
  and frankly , your point is a non-starter regardless . 
  do you think soviet people actually wanted the soviet regime and invited it ? 
  they voted against bolsheviks when they got the chance , first in 1917 and then after 1990s . 
  because as we know , no one knows about this capability and hangars and masking nets have not been invented . 
  yeah , considering your knowledge of the subject , i think we have exhausted all useful venues of discussion about 5 posts ago . 
  specifically , this is a clan system . 
  essentially it matters far more which family you 're born to than it does to modern europeans , and you 're required to uphold the family and its honour in front of other members of the same clan , and then in front of other clans to even greater extent . 
  because in that culture , honour and keeping face is of extreme importance , to such a level that we simply can not understand it here in europe . 
  it 's utterly alien to us and completely natural to them . 
  we need much more invasive integration efforts for people like that if we are to ever succeed . 
  they need to be made to think that they are `` ethnically turkish people who are german nationals '' and not `` turkish nationals who just happen to live in germany while keeping their distinctly turkish culture , ethics , and values '' . 
  there is a point where one must adjust the three latter points if one wishes to integrate into completely different society they want to live in , and i think it 's about time we stopped pretending that demanding that they agree to uphold our values as primary ones is `` racism '' , rather than normal cultural demands for immigrants . 
  if you want to live in accordance with values that are diametrically opposite of those that most modern european states have as their core values , you should not be allowed to permanently reside in such states and sabotage these values from within . 
  is that really too much to ask from people who are supposedly wanting to immigrate here to share our lives and our societies ? 
  when you chose to defend this statement which pushed that specific narrative : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4yt9p2/1968_to_all_people_of_czechoslovak_socialistic/d6ql14g, 
  actually they would n't ( they 'd get crushed in all states where it 's first past the post system ) , but that was n't even my point . 
  my point was that that 's not how demographics work . 
  a certain amount of population will always have fairly divergent views from mainstream . 
  that 's why they 're called `` fringe '' . 
  at that point , the question becomes `` do they have any power outside political system that they can leverage to enact significant systemic change '' . 
  in case of russia , where fringe is known to be very weak , and the fact that most of these people are likely voting for communist party , which is a perpetual fixture of russian opposition , it 's safe to say that these people are ostracised within state 's structures that hold political power and do not have any significant chance of influencing any policies . 
  hence from political point of view , they are irrelevant beyond their propaganda value for causes such as one you espouse . 
  basic english comprehension : what does the following statement mean ? 
   would barely cross the minimum threshold to get into parliament, 
  i will repeat my first statement , this time with great incredulity that you 're still entertaining this utterly absurd notion : `` military aircraft running transponders during their missions ? 
  what ? '', 
  satellite intelligence is quite worthless for monitoring non-friendly military aircraft in flight . 
  that 's why we have expensive ground based radar systems and very costly interceptor aircraft ready to go for identification run when something is found by radar to be approaching without identification . 
  you do not need to type out things to yourself . 
  internet forums are place to type your message to others . 
   all what you said is just not true . 
  in all european countries expect lichtenstein 7 % would give you certain position in parliament and it 's very probably make such a party an ideal partner in ruling coalition did you even read what you replied to ? 
  you literally agreed with me on all but single point , and only decided to pretend that all european states are two party states with single party making decision on who is going to get in power . 
  reality is all together different . 
  in most states with two power system , tiny parties are ignored . 
  in states with three or more major parties , small parties are generally not kingmakers at all , at best they 're sidekicks to two large parties making a coalition and wanting to strengthen it . 
  in fact , whenever a party with perceived extreme views approaches a point of getting a kingmaker position , you usually see major parties make a deal among themselves to lock such party out of political leadership regardless . 
  we 've seen this in france , sweden , germany just to name a few . 
  thing with democracy is that government generally represents people and opinion of the people . 
  and to change the government , one must argue on points important to the people , and present a case why they are better off voting for someone who would take a different route . 
  that 's pretty much what i 'm doing here . 
  i have no grand beliefs of mattering on a large scale , but if i can make a few folks who hold the ideas that hold them back , while genuinely wanting to progress to see which parts of their ideology are harmful to their interests , there is always a chance for some progress to be made , eventually . 
   moreover despite being an `` international '' and `` cosmopolitan '' su was realising interest of russian republic and russian people . 
  su was purely a `` russian empire bis '' . 
  actively draining resources from russian ssr to feed poorer ones is the exact opposite of what imperial interests would do . 
  the entire point of imperial interests is to drain vassal states to enrich the empire . 
  because you try to attach `` ethnicity '' to `` ideology '' , when said ideology specifically was agnostic to ethnicity . 
   i do n't even need to do that , as reality itself has a clear `` russophobic '' bias . 
  i 'll just insert one correction and then we can agree . 
  `` reality as you see it ''  oh , you are just a weak troll , such a shame i wasted my time talking to you then . 
  russians are not a race . 
  cute . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism racism and racial discrimination are often used to describe discrimination on an ethnic or cultural basis , independent of whether these differences are described as racial . 
  according to a united nations convention , there is no distinction between the terms `` racial '' and `` ethnic '' discrimination . 
  the un convention further concludes that superiority based on racial differentiation is scientifically false , morally condemnable , socially unjust and dangerous , and there is no justification for racial discrimination , anywhere , in theory or in practice .
