  still limited by the simple fact that small bombs that can be carried by people at ground level are not very effective at killing people when compared to firearms . 
  you get those in immediate vicinity , and the rest are shielded from blast and shrapnel by bodies of those in immediate vicinity . 
  problem with firearms on the other hand is that you ca n't be just an idiot who knows how to press a button . 
  you actually need to know how to handle a firearm , understand tactics , have a plan and be able to execute it . 
  that requires training . 
  a lot of it . 
  that 's why it 's so dangerous that is 's trained soldiers are likely in europe in large enough numbers to be able to execute attacks like those in paris . 
  bombs are limited in what damage they can do , and their effect is over immediately . 
  a smart team of shooters is far more deadly , and far more demoralising to the populace . 
  people will not accept those . 
  case to point : turkey . 
  they prefer autocratic islamist leaders . 
  case to point : election in egypt . 
  if this is a failed attack , i 'd hate to see our future when those attacks become successful . 
  that 's going to be a herculean task . 
  change the flair . 
  you earned that finnish blue cross flag now :d, 
  should n't it be `` northern '' ? 
  if you really believe that is is just an armed militia terrorising areas , i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  how has it lost ? 
  it 's advanced further than ever since the collapse of ottoman empire . 
  this is like the reverse `` mission accomplished '' moment at its finest . 
  it 's not just france . 
  take a look at this article : http://www.vox.com/2016/3/21/11275354/saudi-arabia-gulf-washington, 
  i buy it . 
  for all the shit we should be calling us out on , their security apparatus is still one of the best ones in the world . 
  and they 're fairly generous with helping those they see aligned with their world views in addressing the common enemy . 
  if anything , that looks like moral surrender . 
  `` we took your hit , and we ca n't do anything about it . 
  so we 'll pretend really hard that we 're doing something by doing nothing '' . 
  not at all . 
  you need to read their actual doctrine . 
  they 're restoring the caliphate through any means available to them . 
  activating faithful inside the target states and having them initiate societal sabotage on all fronts is a part of their official doctrine . 
  it never stops amazing me how many people try to guess what is is up to based on their personal predispositions , instead of simply reading it online . 
  it 's freely available with just a single google search . 
  or maybe it just sounds too absurd to most people to actually believe that they are dead serious . 
  no , that 's import gains . 
  net gains imply that this is what you earned from the imports , minus the spending . 
  germany is so deep in red on energy spending today , they have energy poverty where municipalities have to institute specialist programs to their poor who can not afford electricity and have it cut from their homes . 
  that 's in 21st century in one of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  but then , green movement rarely cares about poor , beyond the lip service . 
   yes . 
  we export more energy to poland than we import , contrary to your claim . 
  we earn much more money with exports than we pay for im - and exports , contrary to your claim . 
  stop lying about claims of other people , especially when they 're presented right above yours . 
  it 's pointless . 
  of course you 're exporting far more energy than what you 're importing . 
  that 's the nature of wind power . 
  you export cheap power , and you import expensive power when your wind power is down . 
  there 's same thing going on with denmark today , and swedes really enjoy the money they get from their hydro on the same principle . 
  stop the flow throught and collect water in the lakes which denmark is pushing essentially free electricity through the exchange , and then sell them at massive premium when their wind is down , since they have insufficient power supply domestically . 
  overall , i have no more interest in arguing with someone who openly lies about what others have claimed to suit peddling their agenda . 
  point one is political , and by the same definition , we could argue that global warming also does n't exist because laws in many states of us specifically prevent addressing it . 
  latter is patently absurd , as nuclear fuel can be recycled for a very long period of time , making it directly comparable with many biolfuel sources . 
  of course green lobby often argues that these sources are n't renewable either . 
  and paid far more for imports of far less in terms of watt hours . 
  did you have a point ? 
  citation needed . 
  this claim is outrageous at best , and disingenous lying at worst . 
  this is the common obfuscation used by green pundits . 
  reality is far more complex , and extremely worrying for german energy sector . 
  you see , the `` exports '' are of essentially free electricity or electricity that germany pays others to take . 
  it 's the export of massively overproducing wind farms that they are legally forced to pay for , and they need to dump , anywhere . 
  and their imports come at the times of low wind production , during which prices are at a massive premium , causing their imports to be costing massive amounts of money . 
  this policy resulted in poles building coal plants right on german border , with capacity of hundreds of megawatts each . 
  and those are extremely profitable because of the massive premium they can sell to germany at . 
  and germany has no choice but to pay , because alternative is grid collapse in germany during low production periods . 
  ah yes , those nice statistics posted by green pundits that obfuscate the reality . 
  here 's a hint : germany exports free energy , or it pays to export energy , because it exports when its unreliable wind farms overproduce . 
  and when they do n't , it imports at a massive premium . 
  the deal is so good that poles have already built up several coal plants , hundreds of megawatts each right on the german border to maximize export potential . 
  and they 're hilariously profitable , so they 're building more . 
  does n't have the same ring as attila the hun ... ... ... ... garian . 
  are you familiar with attila the hun ? 
  do n't build graphite moderated boiling water reactors . 
  no one in europe does . 
  problem solved . 
  do n't forget pushing coal production out of the country and then importing . 
  poles love the money coming in from germany , they keep installing more and more coal so they can sell it to germany . 
  nuclear is an actual green source , that is n't unreliable like two out of three you mentioned . 
  hydro is great , except when you 've already dammed up everything you can . 
  and when it causes severe problems for fish . 
  as i said , that 's just the way these countries developed . 
  ethnocentricity is pretty much nonexistent here in western/central/northern side of europe . 
  when present , it 's usually viewed very negatively , and not accepted . 
  even the anti-immigrant protests take pains to focus on religious , cultural and other aspects of the character of the people they 're protesting against , just not to get into their ethnicity , even if those strongly correlate . 
  it 's a major cultural chasm between most of europe and eastern european states . 
  and it 's pretty easy to see from voting behaviour on this reddit which side of europe is overrepresented here . 
  not really . 
  most of european countries will grant you citizenship after you lived in a country for a while . 
  if you were born in the country and reached adulthood there , you 're almost certain to have citizenship . 
  that is why it was such a problem with folks going to fight for is and coming back . 
  they had dual citizenship which enabled easy travel . 
  some eastern european states are a notable exception to this . 
  they have a problem with discrimination on ethnic , sexual preference and so on . 
  we have a recent story right here on this reddit about discrimination against gays in the same countries , and in this story , open racism would have apparently been par norm if it was against russian rather than jewish ethnicity . 
  it 's just the way they developed . 
  not at all true . 
  leftists also go for guns quite often .
