  that 's basics of sovereignty . 
  browsed about half way through . 
  only two public photos . 
  one says `` stop immigration , start repatriation '' , other is a few english flags in a sea of police officers on what looks to be a demonstration . 
  rest is random twitter shitposting . 
  whoever calls these `` racist incidents '' needs urgent psychiatric help . 
  it 's worth noting that these folks are typically by far the most racist of all . 
  they flee the moment they get those pesky migrants move into their neighbourhood . 
  and then they blame those that can not afford to flee like them for complaining that migrants behave in utterly disgusting ways . 
  but god forbid they have to deal with it themselves . 
  no , he 's saying that being careful about who you let in is justifiable when they come from cultures where women are second class citizens at best , and if they do something that defies men , they need to be punished or worse . 
  that 's my point . 
  too many people appear terrified of the minor instability next year , and completely ignorant of the massive upheaval that is likely to arrive in a decade that is very much predictable if you look at history . 
  i once again refer you to history . 
  revolutions do n't start immediately . 
  consider for the example the biggest one that occurred in europe at the time - russian revolution . 
  it started way back during late 1800s , first fruit came in 1905 with deposing of tsar and instituting of national parliamentary democracy , followed by a decade of turmoil , followed by bolshevik revolution in 1917 , followed by another few years of turmoil and then russian civil war of 1920s . 
  these are events that occur over decades . 
  `` do i think poor will start a revolution '' ? 
  poor rarely `` start revolutions '' . 
  what happens instead is that someone talented appeals to the poor and destitute who have no hope because the system does n't serve them , and convinces enough of them to support him . 
  in case of lenin , only about 20 % was more than enough . 
  notably , same number was enough for hitler . 
  and it 's these people that will start revolutions , and poor and destitute will support them . 
  because country in revolution is actually better for sufficient amount of them than the system of status quo . 
  what happens afterwards is a chain reaction , which once started is very difficult to stop . 
  it will often take many years , in some cases decades to result in executions . 
  so consider the plebiscite of brexit . 
  who voted against it ? 
  the rich . 
  who voted for it ? 
  the poor . 
  what were the main arguments for the system ? 
  `` it serves the rich and upper middle class well enough , and fuck the working class that is suffering from it '' . 
  this particular outcome is likely to release some of the pressure . 
  working class will feel that they are still heard . 
  that system still serves them to the extent , as they can in fact get things done in spite of the will of the upper strata of society . 
  again , study history . 
  too many people , especially younger people of the upcoming generation appear to truly have very little grasp on human history , and genuinely think that a little instability is more terrifying than repeating history on this one . 
  mps have no power in these negotiations . 
  their only legislative power is to veto the agreement when it 's put in front of them . 
  do not mistake the theatre of eu mps talking about things with them having any actual say in how they will occur . 
  no one said what you 're debunking . 
  all that was said was that inability to address electorate 's concerns is what reduces parties from major to minor status . 
  problem being that anyone who studied history will tell you that war is far more likely if they do n't when pressure goes that high . 
  back in late 1800s , world was more interconnected than it is today . 
  you had colonies that were essentially direct economic extensions of their colonial hosts . 
  differential in wealth was growing . 
  and eventually , it cause massive wars because colonial masters did n't want to let colonies leave . 
  and civil wars are by far the worst of the lot . 
  so instead of going `` fuck working class and their ability to vote '' , which is what you 're essentially cursing by choosing to personify voters into a few campaign leaders , you should consider what is going to happen when wage gap due to uncontrolled immigration and general hopelessness of workers becomes rage . 
  because that is when people like us end up in front of firing squads . 
  cute . 
  `` it 's all their fault '' . 
  here 's another hint : military occupations are rare and costly for occupier to maintain . 
  historically , economic `` occupiations '' are far more common and effective . 
  services of football federation . 
  that includes everything of letting you participate in their matches and tournaments ( setting up a league requires a lot of clerical work ) to cheaper and better sports injury related insurance coverage and so on . 
  `` i do n't like facts , so i 'll just invoke the fact that they participated in creation of initial stages of the construct and imply that this means they 're going to be positive about it forever '' . 
  so let 's see the argument : 1 . 
  eu is just `` repeating history '' . 
  eu 's forming principle was to avoid repeating history . 
  conclusion : based on your argument , eu has failed . 
  not `` if failing '' but has already failed and has no chance of meeting it 's goals . 
  what is the point of having eu if there is no chance of success any more ? 
  the fact that you list `` usa '' as an example is hilarious . 
  usa has a completely different culture and completely different system when it comes to labour . 
  in us , labour is effectively paid indentured servitude . 
  workers have next to no rights , whereas in europe works have extremely wide array of rights . 
  if eu is pushing us in direction of us , it 's not just a failure . 
  it 's an enemy of the working people of european states . 
  you just made an excellent argument against eu . 
  or it will demonstrate that those voting in party election do not represent the electorate . 
  which will set the questions not about the party leadership , but party 's future . 
  burn the state down and burn the remains of connection his party had to their electorate by making the choice that electorate made harder to implement ? 
  what is it with all the dictatorial folks with eu flags in their flair popping up left , right and middle recently ? 
  that 's why i said `` folks ** behind ** austria-hungary '' . 
  in case you 're not trolling , this is the statement this particular chain started with that i debunked :  they do not . 
  the politicians in charge are well aware of these issues , despite what the tabloids may say . 
      the issue is that many of the crises europe faces can only be solved either by further integration ( fiscal union , common border , foreign and migration policies ) , or by completely dismantling established structures ( end of schengen , border controls ) . 
  they understand , too , that the latter solutions would hurt european economies tremendously , which is why they are pursuing integration , in spite of the backlash . 
  nationality of the current head of commission ? 
  founding member ? 
  centre for current tax evasion activities in europe ? 
  of course they get a seat . 
  some of us paying the bills are not in attendance . 
  lying gets you nowhere . 
  that 's not how governing organisations work . 
  they have people on payroll specifically to crunch the numbers on various scenarios which are presented to leaders as options when time arrives . 
  we had planning for ridiculous amount of options when it came to debt crisis for example . 
  many players are female i imagine . 
  here in finland i think it was around 5 % that had purchased a licence from local football federation . 
  a good chunk of them are female . 
  you also have to remember that many are in fact not adults . 
  children form a large chunk of registered players in most countries . 
  i find it funny that you just agreed that current eu systems are in fact middle ground , and they are largely functional if significantly flawed . 
  all while trying to push for all or nothing . 
  and then he realises that some of the wealthiest countries in the world are in fact biggest sponsors of islamic terrorism . 
  best of as many as needed to stay . 
  it 's the eu way , as proven by lisbon treaty .
