  essentially you 're arguing using logic that can be used to argue on the same merits that north korea is a democratic state . 
  that 's a new low in this discussion . 
   then how am i to read as it is written , in context . 
  i spelled it out quite well above , and sufficient amount of people clearly understood it . 
  that said , if you 're too invested in denying the relevant points of that post , i will not be able to convince you , as the old saying goes about convincing someone who is invested in not being convinced . 
   this seems in contradiction with your new statement that `` progressive movement is as much `` left '' as volkswagen is a `` car '' . 
  so what is it ? 
  did volkswagen kill off all other car manufacturers , pretend to be all other brands , and completely control all other brands ? 
  or is the illiberal fringe movement just a fringe movement among other movements within the left ? 
  read the entire post , in context . 
   to say that labour intentionally increases discrimination , you 'd have to prove that the labour policies would increase discrimination vis a vis the status quo ante ... false . 
  the relevant statement ends with word `` discrimination '' and all postscriptum you add to it is false . 
  all i need to prove is that discrimination is supported by labour that is in clear violation of universal declaration of human rights . 
  i already noted that one of the key tenets of progessivism is that it attempts to go around this by adding additional arbitrary definitions `` because we say so '' . 
  essentially to whitewash themselves and their policies . 
  `` our bigotry is not actually bigotry because we and our intentions are ultimately benevolent '' is the primary defense of institutional bigots throughout their time own time period . 
  history rarely looks on such people kindly . 
   anyway , i really do n't see how summarizing your views equals painting you in a bad light . 
  it does n't . 
  unfortunately you do nothing of the sort . 
  instead you distort , quote out of context and misrepresent my views to the point where they become the exact opposite of what was stated . 
  the quote above is very pointed example this kind of clear misrepresentation :  this seems in contradiction with your new statement that `` progressive movement is as much `` left '' as volkswagen is a `` car '' . 
  so what is it ? 
  did volkswagen kill off all other car manufacturers , pretend to be all other brands , and completely control all other brands ? 
  or is the illiberal fringe movement just a fringe movement among other movements within the left ? 
  all it takes to see the falsehood is to read the entire paragraph :  i state clearly that progressive movement within the left is racist , which it patently is , and something that you clearly agree with above . 
  progressive movement is as much `` left '' as volkswagen is a `` car '' . 
  yes , all vokswagens are cars , but not all cars are volkswagens . 
  all progressives are leftists , but not all leftists are progressives . 
  if you wish to have a discussion , stop misrepresenting my views , and address my actual points rather than ones you invent . 
   fuck you and your dark enlightenment bullshit . 
  when you have no arguments left , call names , demonise and denounce . 
  basics of political extremism i rest my case . 
   liberalism is n't , and has never been , `` the left '' . 
  if anything it probably leaned towards right wing . 
  agreed by number that is going to be closer to 8 % than 80 % . 
   liberal values have always been about breaking down the barriers of class , race , gender and religion and still are today . 
  false . 
  that is the definition of `` progress '' , rather than `` liberty '' , and as such is known as progressive views . 
  as in progressing as a society past all the barriers you list , at any cost . 
  liberal views were about liberty , granting people ability to freely determine their fate based on their merits rather than pedigree . 
  one time allies when pedigree was the deciding factor in one 's fate , progressivism has become the main enemy of liberalism as it increasingly defines value of people based on pedigree , only in the direction opposite to that of traditional conservative position ( i.e. 
  minority group should have more rights than majority group ) . 
  this particular falsehood has been aggressively peddled by progressive movement in its desire to usurp the mantle of champion of liberal values to conceal their patently illiberal views under the fig leaf of blurring definition of these words . 
  by your own definition , progressive movement has been a `` masterful troll '' indeed . 
  again , that is false . 
  i am specifically referencing your own statements made in this very thread on various subjects , which roundly place you on the far edge of the left movement in the illiberal progressive camp . 
  your continued efforts to dismiss my views which i very openly state and attribute imaginary views of yours to me instead , combined with vast dissonance between your stated position within left movement , and views you espouse in significant detail are all in consistency with someone holding progressive views . 
   anglo nations have fewer natives that are like this , they factually have more . 
  this is simply because they have more people in total , and far greater immigration from such countries . 
  that part of the article is fearmongering and lying . 
   for example i feel like the uk has become increasingly ignorant of european politics even though it 's been smack dab in the middle of it . 
  this has everything to do with the significant political fracture between the continent and the british isles . 
  it 's not an issue of lack of understanding . 
  it 's an issue of diverging interests , and rebellious streak that brits have towards their leaders that is largely absent on the continent . 
   do n't forget that you do n't always have to permanently employ people of a certain language to gain ` insider understanding ' of another country . 
  if you happen to have many fluent speakers of certain languages in your country you have much more possibilities for hiring them as ` consultancy ' . 
  of course . 
  but one has to remember the problem of trust . 
  when you are talking about things like intelligence and diplomacy , trust is the hard currency in use . 
  that is another problem we small states face . 
  we simply do not have access to such people , often at all and are forced to rely on local translators who rank very low on totem pole of trust . 
  at the same time anglophone states often have natives with roots in these regions that can be trusted to a far more significant degree . 
  the problem is that large states also tend to have different interests from ours , which results in sudden spikes in need of specific language speakers that can be trusted ( i.e. 
  known us problem with recruiting enough speakers of farsi for its recent war effort ) . 
  that does n't mean they do n't have a lot of speakers of that language . 
  they do . 
  but career-wise these people were n't needed before the spike for that role and are employed elsewhere . 
   claiming that someone is ignorant on a topic that they have actually studied when you has not studied the topic yourself is an argument that has no merit . 
  agreed . 
  so stop making such claims about me when you have no facts to back it up . 
  i on the other hand make these claims about the other poster because i also provide facts to back up these claims . 
  he 's patently ignorant on basic facts of islam , and i list those facts above , after he made specific utterly ignorant claims about them . 
  essentially i corrected him on very basic relevant facts , which he got patently wrong . 
  you can fact check this yourself if you 're in doubt . 
  as such , i can in fact lay the accusation that he is ignorant of very basics of islam . 
  i genuinely do not understand the whole `` let 's bash america '' attitude . 
  all countries have their problems . 
  us has a problem with its health industry in general . 
  on one hand , it 's ridiculous profitability certainly resulted in ridiculous amount of money being funneled into medical research that benefited all people . 
  on the other hand , they have their access to medical services in a very sorry state , overmedicalization of problems that are n't medical in nature , and weird items like industry that uses foreskin of male babies for purpose of making old women look sexier . 
  big country , big problems . 
  but country that does n't have its idiosyncrasies of this kind can cast the first stone here . 
  according to most sources , only english . 
  hard to tell however , because the sheer amount of dirt flinging directed at him lately has been drowning out the facts on the matter . 
  i understand that his children are proven multilingual ( again , went through the best schools , which tends to have that result ) , as are his parents . 
  considering resources us spends , i would argue that smaller states like ours are the ones with this problem . 
  consider how many people in total can countries like ours produce that speak such languages fluently that would want to serve the state in those roles , as opposed to a state like us with longstanding traditions in these matters that far eclipse ours ? 
  that has something to do with anglosphere media being ahead in `` spin , bs and so on sells better than truth '' , and little to do with what is being discussed in the article . 
  what liberalism has not been is the form of extreme left you demonstrated your support for , the progressive movement . 
  and to an extremist leftist such as yourself , mainstream left looks right wing . 
  it 's a common problem for extremists on both ends of the spectrum . 
  national socialists share this problem with you for example , viewing mainstream right wing as `` left '' . 
   that was not his point ; it was about the left supposedly being racist . 
  i suggest no such thing . 
  your attempts at deflecting attention from the fact that you in fact agreed with me that progressive movement is discriminating based on arbitrary characteristics is making you throw some pretty absurd accusations at me , just to desperately paint me in a bad light . 
  which is fairly common in progressive circles - those of opposing views are not to be argued with but demonised and dismissed . 
  a common strategy for both extreme left and extreme right . 
  i state clearly that progressive movement within the left is racist , which it patently is , and something that you clearly agree with above . 
  progressive movement is as much `` left '' as volkswagen is a `` car '' .
