   you make it sound like starting a fight with the russians was the plan of some shadowy ukrainian oligarch twirling his moustache . 
  if you got that from my message , i recommend lessons in reading comprehension . 
  get back to me when your balls drop . 
  we 'll have a talk about how to not look like an idiot on the internet . 
   i think we should line up applicants and have them enter one at a time so that the potential impact of their entry is minimal . 
  they 're already tiny countries , but the potential populist rhetoric against an entry of 3 or more balkan countries at once is difficult to predict . 
  if we admit one and face problems straight away then we have time to respond and adapt before the next one enters as well . 
  implementing this change does not in any way preclude us from conducting complex negotiations across all states that want to join . 
  these are not mutually exclusive policies . 
   birth control facilitates sexual activity without pregnancy , it does n't particularly prevent unwanted pregnancies overall . 
  people in pre-contraceptive times were more sexually cautious ( and parents more sexually protective of hormonal youngsters ) because they knew pregnancy was a possibility . 
  i simply point you towards massive increase in unwanted pregnancies in countries where contraception and abortion for social reasons is not readily available as evidence to contrary . 
  if true , that is awful and poor person who leaked is going to be kicking him/herself . 
  i 'm going to reserve judgement for a few weeks however . 
  i 'm still sadly reminded of snowden and what came out of his leaks and where he had to run . 
  overwhelmingly yes . 
  there may be some exceptions based on specific country , but across western countries in general mother has full ability to sever father from any decision making in relation to the child . 
  this is partly a biological reality - mother can simply refuse to recognise father as father of her child and there are few if any legal mechanisms to compel her . 
  that is the point i 'm making . 
  uplifting occurred after ussr 's collapse . 
  we were not looking to make you our client states . 
  we were looking to uplift you to the stage where you could stand on your own . 
  as such , recent investments are not an indicator of these things . 
  investments during the ~ decade after the upheaval caused by collapse of ussr are . 
  there was a significant and genuine effort to pull you up to our level , and that 's not just altruism . 
  it 's beneficial to us all if you former warsaw pact states and ussr 's republics became able to stand on your own as independent , stable states . 
  and that requires massive infrastructural investment . 
  preferably without the africa-style development aid that instead chokes local enterpreneurship by dumping our cheap products on your markets . 
  sadly one does n't need to be * one of them * to make these kinds of conclusions . 
  all one needs is reasonable understanding of representative democratic process and its application in recent history . 
  it 's become status quo . 
  and that is really sad . 
  what 's wrong with having a wife and why is cheating on her a good thing ? 
   but i guess it 's hard to give an objective view when you 're funded by the government . 
  i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  properly done sarcasm should appear witty rather than stupid . 
  unfortunately the statement you quoted is firmly in the latter category due to the internal contradiction contained within the same sentence . 
  perhaps you 'll have better luck with your next attempt . 
  if i assumed your bias incorrectly , then mea culpa . 
  unfortunately if you objectively look at your talking points , this particular form of bias appears fairly self evident . 
    you seem to think that countries at different stages in process of joining occupy same resources . 
  this is false . 
  one rarely infringes on another . 
   i do n't understand this sentence . 
  the premise on which your logic hinges is that countries in different stages of joining process largely occupy the same resources , and therefore reducing the amount of applicants will speed the process for remaining countries . 
  this is false , because required actions and specialist bureaucrats that form bottlenecks in the relevant mechanisms differ depending on what stage of joining process country is on . 
  as a result , dropping `` initial stages of joining process '' countries off will not significantly improve the speed or quality of negotiating process with countries that are closer to joining . 
   of course , but we should n't use our wealth to suffocate emerging economies . 
  free money tends to cripple development for generations ( see sub-saharan africa for further details ) . 
  i am in agreement with your cautionary point . 
  that is why i said `` lure of our wealth '' rather than `` using our wealth '' . 
  to paraphrase , do n't feed them the carrot , but dangle it in front of them . 
  i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  but it was n't in any way `` thought terminating '' . 
  again , i made best effort on several occasions to point you toward correct nomenclature and lack of coherence in your argument because of it . 
  effort was to get over this problem so you could address the discussion in constructive way . 
  i genuinely fail to understand how after this much effort you can suggest that onus of derailing the discussion is on me . 
  actually it is . 
  mother can completely reject all her parental obligations by giving child for adoption . 
  she can also choose to abort . 
  former is legal in most civilized countries and latter is legal effectively everywhere . 
  father does not have the right to do the same . 
  law compels him to pay for mother 's decisions should she opt to keep the child in spite of his wish to renounce his parental responsibility . 
  it does not compel mother in the same way . 
  you seem to think that countries at different stages in process of joining occupy same resources . 
  this is false . 
  one rarely infringes on another . 
  at the same time consideration and ongoing process helps to motivate integration in the target state and provides for good source of pressure on leadership structures that may be opposed to joining . 
  one thing we will always have on our side compared to other regional hegemons is the lure of our wealth . 
  we should not be afraid to use it when needed to help with reforms and building of working civil society . 
  i 'm actually with you on this . 
  for a state like ukraine to be reformed , it has to either come from overwhelming pressure from inside , which is now being vented toward russia instead . 
  or it must be dictated from outside . 
  this approach works because it disempowers corrupt internal structures and shifts responsibility to functional external ones . 
  problem with latter approach is that it requires massive amount of good will from both sides , and that it 's very easy to poison this relationship and through it entire relationship between two entities by exaggerating inevitable mistakes . 
  as a result , it 's simply not in our interests to shoulder such huge responsibility when we need to focus on keeping the union together in the first place . 
  but i do understand the argument , the disenfranchisement that causes it and i do n't disagree on merits from ukrainian average citizens ' point of view . 
  that is likely the only way that anything can be reformed in current climate , as internal pressure that existed due to dissatisfaction with corruption has been successfully shifted towards maintaining the military and social conflict against russia instead . 
   hahaha oh wow you genuinely think there 's no christian terrorism . 
  quote me saying this . 
  you can not , as i never said any such thing . 
  now i 'm intrigued . 
  why do you want reduction of mother 's rights in terms of her ability to renounce her parental obligations ? 
  reason being that surely it 's better for everyone if baby is given for adoption into the family that actually wants it . 
  i agree . 
  but many of those who share the religion did . 
  and that is the source of the problem . 
  it 's becoming socially acceptable to do these things , that were typically limited to islamic states , in europe . 
  critical data missing : investment during which time period ? 
  measurement of investment needs a starting point in addition to end point to be meaningful . 
  i 'm not disagreeing that there are various problems with representation within the democracy . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that as far as representative democracy is concerned , those are irrelevant . 
  i have been consistent on this point from the beginning and i do not understand why you are accusing me of `` obsession with technicality '' , especially when i made best effort several times to inform you that you do not understand the relevant terminology and need to look up the relevant term . 
  and if you really wish to discuss problems with representation in democratic elections , there are countless points to discuss . 
  shall it be universal suffrage ? 
  when we discriminate , shall it be on age ? 
  sex ? 
  gender ?
