   there 's another problem with russia which is their imperialistic politics . 
  for some reason , other countries got rid of communists and their terror , yet in russia they still prevail . 
  demonstrably false . 
  look over old parliaments in ussr states . 
  you 'll find communists represented in almost every single one , where it did n't end up as a one party dictatorship . 
  some people grasp to the past for comfort after the massive upheaval of the 1990s . 
  they 're always a minority , but they 're notable enough to usually get some communists elected where electing such people is allowed by law . 
   i know from one russian , that far too many people there are glad about crimea annexation , for instance . 
  even those supposedly educated and open-minded . 
  that would be because they are educated and open-minded . 
  you essentially choose to apply criteria `` they agree with me '' to those descriptors . 
  that 's not what they stand for however , and there 's a very strong argument , especially in post-kosovo world for the way crimea was handled . 
  unfortunately . 
  i go into greater detail on that fact here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4yt9p2/1968_to_all_people_of_czechoslovak_socialistic/d6qu1jd  are you sure about it ? 
  some sources would be nice , because general statements like this one do not really bring anything of substance to discussion . 
  google stalin 's death toll . 
   it was about communists . 
  he was beaten so hard , his wife was not able to recognize him 3 months after last beating . 
  also many polish were sent to russia to be penalized anyways . 
  he actually survived . 
  many russians did n't survive a similar fate , nor did other soviet citizens . 
  there was a great french documentary on stalin some time ago . 
  the quote they had for soviet people at the time went approximately like this : `` those that did n't just vanish from their houses one night were left wondering , why was n't it them that was taken but their neighbour . 
  the climate of fear was utterly crushing and absolute . '', 
  soviet satellites saw but a tiny fraction of what was unleashed by stalin on actual soviet citizens . 
  he needed to build up soviet union , and he needed penal labour in mines , on railway/road/canal construction projects , in electrification and so on . 
   guess what , roman romkowski was born natan gr\u00fcnspan [ grinszpan ] - kikiel and col. j\u00f3zef r\u00f3\u017ca\u0144ski was born josek goldberg . 
  both were jews . 
  so was trotsky . 
  this leads well to the point that i 'm making . 
  it 's not the `` bad people '' . 
  it 's the `` bad ideologies that make good people to terrible things because they believe they are doing the right thing '' . 
  soviet communism was one of such ideologies . 
  warsaw states were still independent . 
  de facto dependency on soviet union depended very much on how politically skilled the leadership in each state was . 
  pretty sure that if i was into military parades , i 'd have to hit moscow on their victory day . 
  i 'm not though , because i 'm a genuine war nerd and like researching actual wars , not watch public parades that do n't really bring anything to the table . 
  i was thinking more about the entire political climate , and how it looks in such a limbo state . 
  i have quite a few friends who did their stint in kfor , and their insider stories of it were really interesting . 
  i think you misunderstand what 's the main basis of modern deterrent finland has toward russia . 
  it 's multiple points that depend on very basic strategic aspect that any conquest must bring more benefit than harm , rather than any single factor . 
  see , you do n't need to survive `` entire russian military attacking you '' . 
  you just need to make sure that the amount of military that russia can spare to take you is going to pay a huge price even if it does manage to overwhelming you eventually . 
  and that force ca n't be too big because if you look at their size , they have a lot of borders to keep safe . 
  at the same time you need to ensure that your population is invested in your own sovereignty to the point where they will be willing to fight against invader should invasion occur . 
  you must also ensure that population is trained and well supplied for example through universal conscription of all adult males , guerrilla warfare as dedicated branch of armed forces . 
  finally you must ensure that you both talk to russians on the level you both can accept , but you are also very firm on points that you make . 
  they are culturally very specific on this , they will respect you as long as you make sure that you are clear and firm on points of your conflicts , but you also make sure that you do understand their point of view and are willing to work with them to solve the problems , rather than just run to some outside force for help in the argument . 
  the latter part is really one of the biggest problems you baltic states have torpedoing your relations with russians that we do not . 
  essentially you could go the way of `` we understand we 're low value , we will internally militarize to the degree where any victory over us is going to be phyrric this time , and we 're willing to work with you on all points of contention , as long as you understand that we also have our point of view and are willing to negotiate on yours as much as we are on ours '' . 
  essentially , that is what our deterrent is , and why we can peacefully exist outside nato with far longer border with russia than rest of eu combined . 
  it 's a total combination of all these factors , rather than any singular one . 
  i would suggest at the very least considering applying many of these factors to your societies , because eventually you are going to learn how to stand on your own in the world , as a truly independent sovereign state rather than a vassal to a bigger state . 
  i think you 'll find that when you do , big nations like russia will respect you far more , which will grant you far more in your negotiations with them then your current arguing and running to daddy us when it does n't go your way does . 
  and that 's something to remember - in modern world , one of the biggest geographic advantages we small states on eastern shore of baltic sea have is our direct access to russian border . 
  this naturally places us in a preferential place for trade with a large state , and when executed correctly , a trading policy can be a huge boon to our states . 
  problem being that states do n't exist in vacuum , but in the same world , and as such need to take actions to protect themselves from said `` baddie '' . 
  and that goes for all sovereign states . 
  that 's why i am still amazed that you allowed your leader to basically moon one of the baddies and suck the dick of another , instead of keeping both at arms length . 
  did you really not see that not ending well ? 
  it was n't during the initiation of the intervention , and the only reason it 's so low is because people have realised that this is n't a winnable war with methods they are using , and that methods they would need to use to win are not available to modern western warfare . 
  you are intentionally and maliciously rewriting what i wrote . 
  * existing * being the key word . 
  if you wish to peddle the atrocities as something sovereign states generally need to be held accountable for when these atrocities are far in the past , you 'd have to surely start with states that still exist as the same states , rather than states that were born out of destruction of other states ? 
  so you 'll have to go through usa , uk , france , spain , portugal , netherlands , denmark and sweden first . 
  only then would you be able to go , in chronological orders , to italy , germany and japan . 
  and once you 're doing with those , only then do you get to russia . 
  so , is it about wanting to just be russophobic , or is it about you generally believing that states should be held accountable for atrocities of the past ? 
  problem being that modern civilized western man generally does n't parade his racist hatred around , but instead hides it and tries to internally address it . 
  polish way instead has been blatant historic revanchism . 
  which is one of the main sources of problems eu has with russia today . 
  if we could get over these ridiculous projections on both sides , we could actually have that relationship with russia that us so fears eu having with russia . 
  russia assumed all soviet union 's debts upon it 's dissolution , and all its existing responsibilities . 
  please do explain why you think that state that pays the debts and carries the responsibilities should not be awarded the benefits that come with it ? 
  among very limited circles of populace . 
  notably , same applies to hitler , and sadly in ever increasing numbers . 
  you are conflating a republic with its people . 
  those are two wholly different entities , especially in oppressive regime where people get no say in how republic is run . 
   putin built strong enough system to control media , and all officials of all branches of power , to nip opposition in the bud . 
  and yet , opposition sits in duma in large numbers . 
  it 's like `` i want the argument to go this way , but it does n't , but i 'll make it anyway '' . 
  essentially your main point is that `` these laws are not pro-west , therefore they are bad , therefore most russian people must be against them , therefore this is not democracy '' . 
  which is a complete idiocy and the logic chain falls apart at second to last point . 
  democracy is about and only about following the will of the people , not following the will of foreign forces that want something other than what people want . 
  there 's a reason why only the dumbest shills on this subreddit try to peddle an argument that putin is n't democratically elected and is far more popular among his constituents than most of our western leaders are among their constituencies . 
  which is actually a rather large problem here , the low support for governing forces which undermines our democracies quite significantly , but that 's a whole different story of a different problem . 
  essentially your entire argument is that of a dissident against majority of his people wanting to put his opinion first and oppress the democratic majority , pretending that this is somehow democratic . 
  notably , that 's the core idea behind existence of soviet union . 
  pretend to be a democracy , while only opinions of a small minority actually mattered . 
  secret polls where people did n't even know who they were voting for . 
  you once again answered a question that was n't asked , and pretended you answered the question being asked . 
  as we have established here that you are extremely likely to be doing this not out of ignorance , but out of malice : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4yt9p2/1968_to_all_people_of_czechoslovak_socialistic/d6tjkgy i will cease making attempts at correcting points of your factual ignorance with statement of historic facts in context . 
  it 's unfortunate that you chose to go down this rabbit hole . 
  i refuse to follow you . 
   first - it 's not a lie . 
  it is a lie , because you present the words as something they are not . 
  i outlined very specifically how it is a lie . 
  you saying `` no , it 's not '' with no arguments to contrary is effectively a surrender of your point by stomping your proverbial foot and saying `` well , i do n't have any arguments , but i 'll deny it anyway '' . 
  it 's unfortunate that you choose to go the way of `` my ideology is more important than facts , so i 'll deny the facts '' , but it 's certainly your right . 
  if you actually think that people in russia would be willing to surrender the freedoms they got after ussr fell for `` empire building '' , i have land on the moon to sell you .
