  in real world on the other hand , we had a law put to vote here in finland a few years ago on gay marriage . 
  one of the parties in government was against it and wrote into the government program that legislation would not be introduced by governing coalition for the vote . 
  parliamentarians introduced the legislation as an independent measure and it passed legislative process , was voted in and signed into law . 
  this possibility exists in most european democracies today . 
  it 's the point that keeps government `` honest '' , by ensuring that if minority within the government uses political machinations to avoid specific legislation that enjoys popular support within parliament from being introduced ... it gets introduced by mps from outside the government instead and will pass and actually written into law . 
  so i 'm happy to tell you that the problem so your carefully artificially constructed has been fixed for many decades in parliamentary democracies . 
  this has nothing to do with `` electorate '' . 
  it has everything to do with enabling mps that are directly elected by electorate to actually perform legislative duties even in face of unpopular resistance from some of the government elements . 
  it 's a norm in parliamentary democracies . 
  on your second point , you appear to be denying the fact that these nice streaming sessions you watch have little to no actual impact on what is being actually put into the directives , as parliament is still largely a rubber stamp for commission that can accept or deny what commission puts before it . 
  if it attempts to append , commission simply pulls legislation and puts it before the parliament again . 
  parliament has no power to vote in measures it `` adopts '' . 
  all those measures go back to commission , which is not compelled in any way to actually keep them in the text . 
  we 've seen these elements quite a few times already , nastiest one being the patent directive which got buried specifically because commission simply would not budge on parliament 's `` amendments '' no matter how much parliament tried to get it to do so . 
  what you are watching on the stream is good theatre . 
  unfortunately , there 's little substance beyond that , due to division of powers within eu power structures . 
  again : emps can propose anything they want , just as i personally can . 
  that 's freedom of speech . 
  what is actually relevant in terms of legislative * power * is ability to actually put these suggestions into law . 
  that power is in the hands of the commission . 
  to fix this , we would need to disempower commission and transfer relevant powers to parliament , which is unlikely to happen for foreseeable future due to power plays within european union power structures . 
  so essentially , you agree with my point in its entirety . 
  however you just quote a large body of technical evidence that demonstrates it to be true ( european parliament has no power to propose legislation , vote on it and have it pass ) , but allows you enough technical leeway to pretend that it still has a `` power to make amendments '' . 
  may i point out that it 's weasel words like these that earn eu it 's reputation is lying , utterly untrustworthy organisation among much of electorate ? 
  i presented a direct critique aimed at the supposedly `` credible '' evidence that used methodology that is utterly absurd and makes it impossible to draw conclusions you chose to quote . 
  your rapid shifting of goal posts implies your agreement with my point , so i rest my case on that topic . 
   and as per your own words it can therefore effectively propose ammendments . 
  do you have reading comprehension issues , or are you perhaps suggesting that just saying to a politician with power `` i would like this done '' is `` effective proposal of amendments '' ? 
  because by your logic , if i go to see my politician at a rally , and ask him to institute a specific law , i have `` effectively proposed an amendment . '', 
  notably my words carry just as much weight as those of european parliament suggestions to commission . 
  frankly , your thesis makes a mockery of parliamentary democracy . 
  as a european , you should be ashamed . 
   the parliament has several ... including voting the law down . 
  no , it has only one method of influencing in a legislative process in a meaningful way . 
  that being vetoing the entire proposal . 
  not just single law , but entire package as being proposed by commission , which is why commission typically bundles legislation with items that would be hard to push through if voted on individually . 
  honestly , what is it with this denial of obvious in terms of eu lately ? 
  are you afraid that if we talk about problems within eu system as they are , eu opposition will increase which is inherently bad ? 
  hint : if these problems are n't addressed and soon , eu does n't have much time left . 
  brexit , regardless of outcome is 50/50 already , and people in other states are starting to inch towards leaving as well because they see that no one is even trying to fix eu , and instead stonewalling and pretentious obfuscation is used to silence anyone pointing out the problems . 
  and democratic political unions do n't survive long when half of their population is against their very existence . 
  if this is n't addressed , next eu parliament elections are going to be a bloodbath for eu supporters . 
  consider reading the report . 
  specifically `` methodology '' . 
  they arrive at their numbers by asking victims of violence that they assist . 
  and then projecting this number to general populace . 
  why ? 
  because charity itself say that it has no clue on how many people of african origin there are . 
  in case you do n't understand math : you can not derive a percentage of total population being `` x '' if you do not know how much total population is . 
  not to even mention polling just the victims it specializes in helping and projecting - it 's like taking a rape charity making a poll among its constituents on topic of `` how many of you encountered sexual violence '' and then publishing a study that says 100 % of women in our societies are raped . 
  you 're looking at two racist bigots basically telling you that : 1 . 
  russian ethnicity does n't even exist . 
  it 's nationality instead . 
  it 's formed of extremely bigoted , evil , subhuman , violent , nazist , chauvinist , [ insert demonising word here ] people , who are pretty much wanting to just start killing anyone who is n't a `` russian national '' ( actual claim of gerbaire above if you follow up the thread ) . 
  it 's folks like these that make russians genuinely afraid of europeans and what we 're supposedly planning to do to them . 
  frankly , i understand them . 
  last time people through this about them , it was nazi germans . 
  not even during the peak of cold war did propagandists lay it this thick . 
   issue being that they are not in control . 
  they are just a part of it . 
   islam itself actually outlines this , in granting specific exceptions to muslims acting against islamic values until they take political control . 
  notably we have countless historic examples of people such as yourself ending up converted or extinct because they believed in the same things you did . 
  yes , reading comprehension . 
  practice it , and do n't quote out of context :  especially when you 're trying to wage a war where parties do n't just hide among civilian population , ** but are civilian population . 
  ** there 's a reason why the war is called `` civil war '' . 
  no , it can not . 
  the article merely allows parliament to suggest changes to commission . 
  there is no mechanism to compel commission to care , which means that this line is dead text . 
  you are factually incorrect that national parliaments can not legislate on their own in europe , just as you are factually incorrect that european parliament can compel commission to introduce legislation . 
  in most of the parliaments across europe , government is a parliamentary majority , and as such , it 's majority in parliament that is proposing legislation . 
  in case of minority government , they are still overwhelmingly parliamentarians . 
  not so for the commission for obvious reasons . 
  i can not be bothered to repeat this point further . 
  you can try to comprehend the difference , or you can continue with the inane point you 're making , that `` saying we want to have this legislation , pretty please , and do n't ignore us ! '', 
  is the same as `` we will propose and vote on this legislation because majority of us supports it '' . 
  or is it just bridal training ? 
  not at all . 
  blasphemy is irreverence or insult or to god . 
  heresy is belief in the wrong god , or wrong kind of belief in specific god . 
  these are different things . 
  problem being , those wives are real scary when you piss them off , or so i hear . 
  ever wonder why those ultras are that violent ? 
  they are just training for the beating they are getting back home :d, 
  you appear to have missed the fact that your claim has been pointed out already . 
  yes , parliament has an effective veto , as it can vote the proposal down . 
  there is however no mechanism that compels commission to make changes to legislation . 
  not before the no vote , and not even after . 
  they may just as well go `` fuck it '' and pull the legislation completely , which makes the `` nuclear option '' extremely unattractive to the parliament if package contains sufficient amount of positive elements . 
  the reason why i say `` one last time '' is because this is not a new thing , and not something that only myself has mentioned . 
  this is in fact mentioned in the original story . 
  i am merely re-iterating the same point . 
  one last time . 
  you can talk about everything you want . 
  parliamentarians love to do it , since that 's all they can really do other than vote . 
  reality is that there is no mechanism to compel the institution that has power to actually introduce legislation to the parliament 's vote , that being the commission , to actually include anything that parliamentarians talk about . 
  and parliament has no power to propose legislation for itself to vote on . 
  which is the power that actually matters , and is typically present in parliamentary democratic systems . 
  the result is that parliament spends a lot of time talking about things that do not matter in the slightest , because commission simply ignores it and puts things to vote as it sees fit . 
  this really fucked up arrangement is basically a mix of national governments being generally afraid of parliament actually being able to make proposals that it could vote on and political elite in europe not being big fans of democratic process ( refer to mr. junker 's infamous political quote about referendum results for example ) . 
  again , it can propose amendments in the same way i can propose you install an anal probe into your anus .
