  very different world . 
  overall , i urge you to consider his views on merits on this one . 
  he has been a long standing advocate of early 1900s style us isolationism . 
  trump 's long term political goal has been isolationism in early 1900s style . 
  he may certainly get assassinated pushing for that , but problem is that if he gets elected on that platform and assassinated , us is going to have internal problems of such severity , that military industrial complex would likely be crippled by them . 
  ca n't produce things when many of your workers are on the streets protesting that their candidate has been shot to death and policy is changing . 
  remember , one of the key roles of military industrial complex is redistribution of wealth on federal level in us . 
  that 's why their main production plants are in the poorer states , and that 's where trump 's main support is . 
  and those people are already riled up , even before the elections . 
  another thing to remember is that military industrial complex of us would actually benefit from isolationist policy . 
  that would case regional destabilisation across the globe , and that means more arms sales to regional powers that seek to fill the security vacuum left by us . 
  even then , this is still one in a billion shot , because to get aircraft to line up like this , you typically need a chaser aircraft . 
  positioning needs to be extremely lucky . 
  in most cases , there will simply be no spot on the canyon from which aircraft will line up like this . 
  french dilemma is that if next president of us goes for an isolationist policy , they 'll be stuck as the primary non-asian antagonist to china without us support . 
  not a good position to be in . 
  it 's going to take some maneuvering to get this one done right . 
  i suspect they 'll just keep a low profile at least until us elections are done . 
  there is something other than `` cold as snow '' and `` warm as sauna '' ? 
  heresy . 
  you do n't even have thick ice and your sea is warm . 
  sounds like they just want to take a swim . 
  i would point to the the distances involved and turning radii of these aircraft . 
  being at the exact spot where this kind of situation occurs and to get a shot exactly from behind is indeed a lottery win for a photographer . 
  this is the stuff that requires extreme skill from chaser aircraft pilot when filmed professionally for aerobatics teams . 
  getting this done from the ground is almost impossible . 
  nah , that russians . 
  we tend to be firmly grounded , even when drunk . 
  we do n't need space weapons . 
  we just get drunk and destroy them with our bare fists . 
  i have no idea when eu was not about brutal cutthroat logic of realpolitik . 
  that is how the world works . 
  only the most naive could even consider that you could function as a state in this world without it . 
  third option being that there were in fact trained people in the region . 
  ukraine has a conscript army , and conscripts are taught to use these weapon systems . 
  and when civil war starts , you get those trained locals go join all relevant sides , using their training when hardware fitting their training is available . 
  the working theory was that similar aircraft were used as spy planes over the area with significant consistency . 
  the sheer amount of luck needed for that one is staggering . 
  congratulations on winning the lottery to the photographer . 
  indeed , the `` debate '' is a rather odd description . 
  they both share the same view . 
  literally the only one debating against them is the reporter . 
  a more apt description would be `` france24 reporter debates juncker and shulz on future of europe '' . 
  as a westerner , i can tell you that you are so far from western values with your post , that whatever chances you think you have of joining eu or nato - you have none . 
  it already is partitioned . 
  that 's the point of dayton accords - partitioning bosnia and herzegovina into essentially ethnic and religious autonomous enclaves , with weak central government tying them together . 
  chaser aircraft pilot did a great job there . 
  actually 10/10 . 
  i understood your point completely and i satirized it , because you literally could not connect the dots when i pointed out the obvious history of the movement and instead chose an utterly absurd angle to argue on . 
   i do n't think that china is a major geopolitical opponent as you say because the us would overwhelmingly win a war against china . 
  i rest my case on you having no comprehension of reality . 
  that would n't be a coming down . 
  it would have to crash dive . 
  at which point bomber crew would still have plenty of time to evade , because they have a large margin . 
  that 's why there are codified safety margins in civil aviation . 
  this aircraft had three times the safety margin . 
  even if you 're alarmist to the extreme , and see russia as a complete monster , you still ca n't possibly pretend that it 's at fault in this case . 
  time to quote myself : ** no . 
  you took lowest possible estimates for sweden , and massively overinflated for denmark and norway . 
  you completely ignored the current migration crisis and its effects . 
  you have n't tried the other side of the scientific experiment yet . 
  stop trying to avoid the topic . 
  you mean other than them themselves saying it in their final messages that they publish on the internet ? 
  til : biggest mass murderer in history was humanist . 
  stalin must be proud of you . 
  coming up next : jews deserved it . 
  now now . 
  we live next to russia , and have done so for centuries . 
  just because you neighbour is an asshole sometimes does n't mean he needs to be ... err ... extracted ( ? ), 
  from existence . 
  government sachs doing what it does best . 
  subverting governments for profit . 
  i would point out that it worked just fine within framework of bretton woods until after the fall of soviet union . 
  it 's obviously attractive to any person with left leaning liberal views , as it reinforces the structures of liberal democratic state against internal corruption . 
   so , just doing some tired brain math here , sweden 's population is about 10 % non-eu28 background , which would leave maybe , oh i do n't know , say 8 % non-western just to be safe . 
  norway 's population is something like 6.7 % non-western . 
  and finland is 3.7 % non-western . 
  adding denmark into the mix , it should be essentially the same as norway . 
   are we somewhat in agreement so far ? 
  you took lowest possible estimates for sweden , and massively overinflated for denmark and norway . 
  you completely ignored the current migration crisis and its effects . 
   and in political violence , finland is the clear outlier , with zero political murders for the last 90 years or so this is mainly because we have more functional security apparatus due to our proximity to russia , absent in other nordic council states . 
  internal migrant unrest falls into the same security net . 
  that 's why when migrants planned to do the same thing in helsinki as they did in cologne on the same day , our police had no problems taking them out first . 
  working internal intelligence coupled with far less whining at the police for being `` racist '' when dealing harshly with distinctly hostile elements within our society are the main factors here , rather than having slightly less immigrants than denmark and norway . 
   as long as misinterpretations go , i do find it confusing that you talk about the far left attacking the general population while the far right only go for a subset . 
  because that is what they patently do . 
  logic is explained above . 
  i understand that you hold absurd beliefs that prevent you from accepting these facts , similar to how beliefs of a devout christian prevent him from accepting the fact that our planet is older than a few thousand years . 
  it does not make it any less factual that this is patently how these movements work , and that we have overwhelming historic evidence of this . 
  how did you miss the patently left wing shrieking reactions to anything that is positive to brexit , and widespread support to anything that is negative to brexit so prevalent in last few months ? 
  you have to completely isolate yourself from any reasonable world news source to achieve this , and even then it probably wo n't be enough , because it was crazy enough to hit local news across europe . 
  my point is that you 're extremely naive in how the world works , which is well demonstrated in your last post . 
  you genuinely believe that china is not a major geopolitical opponent of the west , even when us is conducting a massive military build up that they openly state is meant to go against china . 
  it truly is difficult to imagine someone who is so ignorant of just how little interconnections matter and how quickly they are severed following examples of ww1 and ww2 when geopolitical blocks finally decide to enter an armed conflict . 
  murdering dissidents was also not the main concern of marxism , but it 's also the staple of practising marxist groups . 
  by your logic , farc et al , and marxist states like soviet union were not in fact marxist because `` marxism is humanist and they were not '' . 
  sadly , that 's not the way the world works . 
  one has to remember that one of the key tenets of eu has in fact been trying to enshrine the free movement of capital . 
  it 's one of the four pillars of free movement within eu .
