  remember that most of the states on top are eastern european states , which means that they start at a very low level and enjoyed benefits from significant wealth transfer mechanisms within eu during this period . 
  gps growth is measured as percentage of one in 2004 , meaning if you start low , you get bigger numbers . 
  pretty much the highest you can go as a developed country in this time period is sweden , and their main competitive advantage appears to be in having their own national currency that could depreciate when it was needed . 
  that 's a pretty damning statement for eurozone and effect of euro on economy . 
  sweden makes for a good control group as a developed state that is outside euro . 
  as compared to islamist conquest and related genocide in europe ? 
  not even close . 
  we 'd have to push systemic slavery , butchery , child theft and torture of unbelievers for several centuries just to get on your level . 
  chances are they have . 
  there are simply too many agreeing with these views . 
  i was . 
  as far as i know , we did n't lose any meaningful means of economic activities to turkey . 
  you 're massively projecting your own losses on everyone else and yet appearing to think that others are projecting because you imagine them having the same crime levels , and now apparently same economic problems as you . 
  still nowhere close to meeing the goal you yourself set :  / wiki/crime _ in_countrynamehere and voila . 
  now everyone is the capital of organized crime in europe . 
  i believe this concludes this thought exercise , proving the exact opposite of what you wanted it to show . 
  that kosovo is indeed a capital of organised crime in europe , unlike all those other states . 
  no , but they are certainly deterred . 
  and crime control is never about total elimination , unless you 're stalin . 
  it 's about deterrence . 
  indeed . 
  it was a very softened version of original texts . 
  those usually demand death penalty after torture to appease the foreign leader and retain honour . 
  no , i forgot that many people in this reddit are completely disconnected from reality and have absolutely no grasp on recent history : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction and if you look at total numbers , it 's essentially islamists and marxists today . 
  with marxists being mostly across asia and south america , and islamists everywhere else . 
  another person posted a total count of right wing attacks during last 55 years . 
  it numbers four . 
  ultra left wing attacks are orders of magnitude more common , and islamist attacks are several times more common than ultra leftist . 
  did you notice that germany still had the law against insulting foreign leaders on the books until very recently ? 
  back then , we were still a part of russia . 
  lenin signed our independence at the very end of ww1 . 
  ottoman empire has already been beheaded . 
  and greece is cleaning off the blood ? 
  content . 
  and leaders back then * always * remembered who insulted them . 
  that 's how ruling back then worked . 
  you did n't forget insults to honour , which was one of the primary motivators for ruling class ' actions . 
  very well . 
  apparently you are wilfully ignorant of the problems with the commission rather than aware , and just willing to white wash them . 
  on your last point , if you bothered reading the points presented in the immediate reply , you would get what you 're looking for . 
  but as you have demonstrated significant tendency to just ignore the answer when it does n't fit your narrative , i wo n't hold my breath for you to acknowledge it this time around . 
  that can be answered in one word . 
  `` content '' . 
  and now , a reality check . 
  you listed right wing terrorism from 55 years past . 
  ** you got four cases total . 
  ** as a point of comparison , ultra left marxist terrorism is so common , it 's several orders of magnitude more common than right wing terrorism . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-wing_terrorism and islamic terrorism is even greater than that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_terrorism there 's a reason why i stated that currently terrorism is essentially of two kinds . 
  and you list the exact reason why . 
  there 's almost no right wing terrorism that is n't following islamic ideology . 
  if you made a chart , it would n't be really visible . 
  most of the chart would be taken by islamic terror , with remaining being mostly marxists and leninists . 
  i once again refer you to jury of our peers , who have clearly understood the message . 
  you can be that special snowflake that just does n't get it . 
  it does n't make the statement `` meaningless '' . 
  it just means that you can not comprehend it for some reason that is not attributed to statement itself . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  i look at reality . 
  you apparently seem to state here that you do not . 
  if you disagree , feel free to point out what it is you disagree with and i can provide relevant citations . 
  not that it matters to someone ideologically invested in ignoring objective reality . 
  but our audience might care . 
  pretty standard `` for the rich and globalisation , against the poor and middle class '' platform . 
  all the standard talking points like `` remove inheritance tax '' , `` liberalise job market '' and so on are in . 
  more of the same slow sinking toward misery , as lower middle class start falling into lower class faster and society continues to come apart at the seams as income disparity increases . 
  do you know what happened in 1400s when you did a carnival like that about state leaders ? 
  they call it `` rack '' . 
  google it . 
  the sheer levels of cognitive dissonance in your mind must be crippling to produce this kind of absurdity instead of simply taking the sentence at face value which is exceedingly clear . 
   i honestly still do n't know what the fuck you were trying to say . 
  to paraphrase the famous saying : `` when someone 's belief system hinges on not understanding reality , it 's very hard to make them understand reality '' . 
  so basically you admit to the problem with the commission , you just desperately paint it as something good . 
  notably most of the people on your ideological side are actually with me on the issues of commission 's power and patently undemocratic selection system . 
  those that are n't quite as authoritarian as you are that is . 
  that you choose to just not address most of the points demonstrates yet again that you simply have no way of arguing the points without making yourself look as what you actually are . 
  you know how the whole `` ministry of truth '' and `` we must oppose ideological wrong think '' with government funding because `` fake news '' ? 
  this is a post on / r/europe that has over 8k upvotes in less than a day , where most upvoted comment is nothing but de-humanization of a person based on his world view . 
  we get what our tax money pays for i guess . 
  if anyone needs a reason to truly fear the rising of the authoritarian far left , this post is a great example of the reasons why . 
  there is absolutely * nothing * unclear about that statement . 
  it 's crystal clear to anyone that can comprehend even passable english . 
  if it is unclear to you , do n't look at the language . 
  look at your own ideological world view . 
  that is likely the main factor blocking you from comprehending this very simple statement . 
  do you also offer assault rifles as a replacement when someone asks for a truck to haul goods ? 
  by `` hull '' mean the actual `` hull '' of the ship , with all necessary hardware inside it but power plant and some mission critical hardware . 
  backup diesels are obviously a part of such a package . 
  mea culpa for not being clear enough . 
  lots of artillery with armour to protect it will stall any assault for a significant amount of time and make advancement bloody . 
  that 's what we saw in ukraine on both sides . 
  every time one side managed to get significant amount of force projected onto specific region and start punching through , concentrated artillery barrage stopped the front line from collapsing . 
  do n't let the whole `` but attacking a shitty third world hell hole with accurate weapons '' fool you . 
  if you 're waging a war of conquest , the biggest factor is still artillery , for both sides . 
   you came up with the implication that the eu attacked the national identity of its member states , and i have seen no citations to the contrary . 
  more specifically you have seen them . 
  you just did n't acknowledge them . 
  this is common for people who maliciously argue in bad faith as you do . 
  the ep is directly elected . 
  the council is your own government .
