  it knew that ussr 's means of using the same tool were highly limited due to its own demographics . 
  we 're still seeing the same problem , with former ussr nationals being widely represetend in jihadi circles and known to be their most brutal warriors . 
  same policy remains largely in place , and is easily visible in the choice of client states that russia continues to have . 
  their last major client in middle east , syria is one of the few remaining oases of secularism in the region of islamic dogma that swallowed the region today , with even places like egypt and iraq falling to it . 
  russia today has many faults , but supporting radical islam is not one of them , and likely never will be , simply due to demographic realities of the country . 
  what you 're looking at is rebound , as many of these states got hit by eurocrisis and liquidity crisis extra hard . 
  they 're just regaining what they lost at this point , which is always faster to accomplish than growing . 
  that said , i 'm extremely annoyed that when interest rates are negative , public finances are being cut instead of expanded , and when interest rates are reasonably high , they were expanded instead of cut . 
  it 's literally the wrong thing to do on both ends , and politicians who are not motivated by long term benefits just do n't care . 
  if i had to point out one flaw with our democratic system that is genuinely awful , it 's the short sightedness of politicians that is forced on them by the system . 
  `` earnings were far better than expected and it seems brexit thoughts were too negative . '' so project fear looks to be getting derailed by reality . 
  again . 
  on one hand , it 's completely expected . 
  on the other hand , in current world , actions by the huge investment banks can drive policy as much as needs of the people , which is awful in itself . 
  having private institutions that have no interests but making profit essentially make policy decisions and blackmail western governments is an awful symptom of our democracy being displaced by oligarchy . 
  at least it held this time . 
  barely . 
  no worries , the rich became richer . 
  eu and us money keeps them wealthy , so they can still keep corrupting the system . 
  maybe brits are actually serious about leaving , and many of their politicians still believe in democracy ? 
  shocking for europhilic crowd that is still scandalized about british plebs daring to vote wrong , i know . 
  we know their opinion on that one - when plebs dare to vote wrong , you propagandise them even more , change the position of the comma in the agreement and then you have them vote again . 
  then again , this is a guardian article , so you know exactly what you 're going to get . 
  europhilic spin to the maximum and then some . 
  it has n't , but propaganda has rammed the point home , and now many folks genuinely believe it . 
  goebbels was very much right about it . 
  a reminder to any politician that will oppose this that they know what skeletons they have in their closets , and that next elections are coming . 
  how awful would it be if info were to be accidentally leaked to the press . 
  it 's worth pointing out to anyone still reading this that fact that you decided to dodge the question completely and move to a completely different topic shows just how afraid you are of addressing the issue . 
  and even then , you manage to systemically obfuscate and lie . 
  `` sanctions '' , `` punitive measures '' , `` embargoes '' and `` severe legal disagreements '' make for really good relations ... on your land on the moon ? 
  tiny , is n't it ? 
  let 's move on . 
  southern europe is n't all that rich either . 
  nor is eastern . 
  hey , those numbers are starting to add up , and when we actually remove uk , we 're looking at far less than claimed 500 million . 
  i have but one hint for you . 
  personal relations have little to nothing to do with state relations . 
  other than that , i think you 're quite beyond help . 
   and frankly relies on you having not knowing anyone who has been doing business in the country , ever . 
  because they would debunk it immediately as utter idiocy . 
  i have family member working as a sales representative in a company that works in manufacturing field that have a daughter company in the country . 
  land on the moon it is . 
  good investment . 
  i 'll take cash . 
  if you think 500 million are all wealthy , i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  eastern europe exists . 
  especially south eastern . 
  also , are you sure you want to whine about uk leaving , and yet count it in the amount of people living in eu at the same time ? 
  having your cake and eating it as much ? 
  wait , `` new frontier '' ? 
  `` quietly '' ? 
  the spin is amazing . 
  there 's been a heavy divestment from ukraine since 2014 on private level and heavy pumping of public funds back in . 
  before the overthrow and war it was great for business , government completely up for grabs , one of the most fertile lands available , and significant industrial know how ranging from aerospace to it . 
  main problem was the corruption , but you could get around it by simply getting a local `` advisor '' who basically worked for local oligarch and granted you his/her protection . 
  one of the main advantages of the country was immediate access to huge russian market with lower tariffs , which is a huge problem for selling from eu to russia . 
  if you want examples of this , just look at folks making games . 
  almost every major gaming publisher has an office in ukraine . 
  same goes for major exporters to russia . 
  if you could funnel even a small portion of your goods through ukraine , you saved huge amounts of money on tariffs . 
  it all went to shit when local oligarchs partially lost control after the overthrow and local militias had a couple of cases where they literally had staff of the company at gunpoint demanding a fire sale of company assets . 
  and local police did n't care , because these folks owned it . 
  the spin here is hilarious , and frankly relies on you having not knowing anyone who has been doing business in the country , ever . 
  because they would debunk it immediately as utter idiocy . 
  ukraine is certainly staying afloat for now because eu and us propping it with public funds , but the `` quite new investors '' are a myth . 
  they 're the same people who were there in 2000s and early 2010 , trying to keep their investments still going and using eu and us public funds pumped into economy to do it . 
  well , if you find folks comparing merkel to hitler and sh\u00e4uble to goebbels in major media outlets `` very popular '' ... 
  i suppose you 're right in the psychopathic kind of way . 
  regardless , it 's clear at this point that your ignorance is intentional . 
  enjoy it while it lasts . 
  in doing this , you destroy wealth amongst large amount of people in states you sell the cars to . 
  they pick up guns , first overthrow the few that benefit from this . 
  then they invade your fattened but hostile nation that enabled this behaviour in their elites and take your nice things away . 
  is this simple enough ? 
  that 's what they said about world trade back in 1910s . 
  world was even more globalized back then than it is today , with massive centralization of power . 
  those who do n't learn from history are doomed to repeat it . 
  do these jobs allow for reasonable level of planning of one 's life , setting up a family and getting a house ? 
  if so , why is this generation increasingly living with their parents even at 30s ? 
  why are so many economists talking about it as a serious problem ? 
  and most interestingly , why are you so interested in obfuscating the problem with blanket statements like `` well they probably have a job because general numbers say so , and there 's nothing else to see here . 
  really , nothing to see here . 
  move along pleb ! '', 
  you 're espousing that same angle that scandalised rich children in uk were espousing about majority of people voting to leave . 
  to them , just like to you it was utterly inconceivable . 
  this is how societies get split and how we eventually slide into civil strife and civil war . 
  people not only not understading the problem , but dismissing the other side as `` your interests and concerns are not worth anything '' . 
  and then , you are shocked , shocked that plebs voted `` wrong '' . 
  you 're the excellent example of `` let them eat cake '' attitude . 
  we had this before in europe . 
  every time , it resulted in a bloody reckoning . 
  let 's hope folks like you start realizing the issue and agree to address the causes before it goes that bad this time . 
  if not , we 're doomed regardless . 
  though if history is anything to go by , quite a few of your kind will flee at first signs of real trouble , leaving the rest to pick up the pieces . 
  you 're talking about unmitigated capitalism . 
  which is one of the most self-destructive systems in existence . 
  it does n't exist anywhere , not yet . 
  the capitalism we have on the other hand is harshly regulated to tame it 's suicidal tendencies , but problem that i 'm talking about is that oligarchic endgame of capitalism is increasingly in play and corrupting the internal checks . 
  current modus operandi is to take a euro from 9 people , give ten to 1 person and call it `` everyone gets richer '' .
