  in other words , if you are an open supporter of extremely illiberal society . 
  no , that 's the definition of democracy . 
  there is no `` shitty '' or `` awesome '' in this . 
  there 's simply what word is supposed to mean . 
  your views on the other hand are patently anti-democratic , as you are clearly saying that `` democracy is shitty when its results do not align with my beliefs '' . 
  notably , you stand with essentially all anti-democratic extremists across the world in this . 
   on the flight back from the g-20 summit , merkel was asked if she was concerned that politics have reached a post-fact era -- that parties like the afd or politicians like donald trump have found success with slogans that are completely disconnected from reality . 
  with an inquiring gaze , merkel said that she first had to integrate `` post-fact '' into her vocabulary . 
  but it was clear that the expression sparked her imagination . 
   in a speech to parliament two days later , she said : `` when we begin participating in a situation where facts can be shoved aside , responsible and constructive answers on the issue are no longer possible . 
  when we begin aligning ourselves , both linguistically and literally , with those who are not interested in a solution , we will ultimately lose our orientation . '', 
  considering that i have zero coaching and not a politician and even i could produce that answer from the top of my head , that was n't too surprising . 
  that would be impossible to produce for very obvious reasons once you actually think what it would require . 
  reminder : actual voting is anonymous for several very important reasons . 
  it is democratic . 
  they voted on universal suffrage several times , and vote was against . 
  even our `` universal '' suffrage is n't universal . 
  we still have age limits for example . 
  why ca n't 16 year olds vote , but 18 year olds can ? 
  because current societal norms say so . 
  switzerland is a very conservative country . 
  it 's also a very democratic one . 
  the word you were actually looking for to deride them is not `` undemocratic '' as the implication was . 
  it 's `` societally conservative '' , because they most certainly overwhelmingly are outside specific cantons . 
  except that it 's factually the exact opposite . 
  they can commit crimes on massive scale , completely unheard of and utterly shocking in country like germany , and media wo n't even speak about it until all the witnesses start screaming on social media why is n't there anyone talking about it . 
  remember cologne ? 
  post-fact era indeed . 
  another buzz word merkel picked from a reporter according to der spiegel . 
  yes , and when they are not allowed to see what they need to see to ascertain that elections were free and fair , they report that they were not able to perform their duties , and list specifics . 
  there are no words being put in your mouth . 
  this is your own quote :  osce observers have always been like this everywhere : fact is that this is a straight up lie . 
  there is no `` considering '' here when it comes to basics . 
  as i noted , i have no training whatsoever , and even i comprehend this . 
  she had significant time to prepare , and you 're telling me `` she did a great job '' in spite of the fact that she apparently never even bothered to google `` how to formulate questions for a live interview '' ? 
  you are exceedingly naive . 
  you have all the power to refute me pointing out your naivete by demonstrating even marginal understanding of the subject . 
  you instead dug into your extremely naive position even deeper . 
  no , i 'm saying outright that you appear to have a very naive view on how things work in basic public human interactions , such as suggesting that she 's `` doing an amazing job '' when she 's extremely awkward and for reasons mentioned above , straight up awful interviewer . 
  it 's not even the hard part that she fails at - she fails at basics , such as length of questions you ask in live interview where subject is n't provided with questions in advance . 
  i have no journalistic training whatsoever , and even i know this . 
  if you 're a public figure , and when you 're interviewing someone as high up as junker you most certainly are , you do not enjoy the `` protected status '' either . 
  considering how pointedly condescending she is in the video , the only answer here is `` are you for serious ? '', 
  on your second point , despising something you do n't really understand does not help you understand , and by extension be able to accurately address problems in anything . 
  then he 'd simply issue a blanket denial , meaning she wasted the time for her interview on a long question that everyone involved knows will not be answered on merits . 
  so basically , if side you want does n't win , it does n't matter who monitors the elections - it 's a fraud . 
  in real life on the other hand , osce observers are quite reliable and experienced in monitoring elections , and will likely have a report on any inconsistencies soon enough . 
  this appears to be more of a difference between journalism and youtubers in terms of journalistic culture . 
  both youtuber in question and the youtube 's minder used to managing actual career journalists have completely different mindsets , and actually appear to be talking past each other and not comprehending each other 's points . 
  to the minder , his goal was to coach the `` young upcoming journalist in how to best position herself so she could get more projects like this '' . 
  in youtuber 's mind , the minder was `` threatening her into silence for asking wrong questions '' . 
  both are in fact wrong about intentions of the other . 
  they simply come from completely different cultures , and as a result , they simply could not understand the other 's intentions . 
  honestly , her questions were very amateurish . 
  when you ask politician a question , you need to keep it tight and precise . 
  she instead went into long tirades according to the translation in this video , which not only makes answering such questions on the fly extremely difficult just because one can not remember all the specific facets of the question , but same problem applies to the audience . 
  they no longer remember the question by the time politician gets to answer it . 
  that 's why interviewing people is actually an acquired skill that few people can do really well . 
  is there a full video with english subtitles ( that includes full context of questions and the actual answers ) ? 
  i 'd like to see that before i make the final judgement , but this translated video makes youtuber frankly look really drama-seeking . 
  and youtuber drama does n't survive all that well outside youtube . 
  i 'm not railing on junker because frankly , that 's off topic . 
  junker is a very problematic individual in part for reasons she tries to raise in the video , if in really amateurish ways , but that 's not actually related to this particular drama of purported `` youtube censorship '' . 
  the cultural difference between youtubers and journalists really comes out well in the end when she says that she 's asking youtube not to `` instrumentalize youtubers '' . 
  she does n't even appear to realise that this means not using youtubers for projects like this one at all , because to do these kinds of projects in journalism , you have to agree to certain ground rules . 
  otherwise other party will simply not come to the table to have a discussion in the first place . 
  it 's very demonstrative of the fact that youtuber work is very much about individualism , and is completely out of touch with requirements when it comes to interactive journalism . 
  which let 's be honest , is probably a good thing . 
  we need to shake up modern journalism . 
  but when it comes to this particular drama , it demonstrates just how clearly neither side is really comprehending at all what other side 's intentions are . 
  the easy answer as a politician is that `` in your thesis , bank robber makes a best policeman because he knows how bank robbers operate , and as a result can counter them the best . 
  just look at how effective neelie kroes has been in defeating anti-competitive practices '' . 
   berlin is in east germany as much as `` london is british hearthland '' , `` moscow is in russian heartland '' , `` new york is just like the rest of and so on . 
  it 's nothing like the surrounding countryside , because it 's the capital with very distinctly different kinds residents and culture , and as such enjoys completely different lifestyle and completely different property costs , making its residents very different . 
  it 's huge for a few reasons : 1 . 
  `` 5 % less of total vote '' is a crash of over 20 % in it 's own popularity . 
  math is fun . 
  berlin is as metropolitan place as you will find in germany today . 
  that 's why left get as many votes as they do there . 
  the fact that afd is still big in berlin is a dire signal about societal problems in the country . 
  no , the dumping usually took place into your own sea . 
  swedes , germans , poles and russians dumped a lot of stuff into baltic sea for example , even though all of them are heavily invested into having this sea remain viable . 
  dilution . 
  think of just how much water you dump it into in terms of volume . 
  to be toxic , you need certain concentration for toxic chemicals . 
  this entire video was a case of woman in question taking revenge on her boyfriend . 
  wow did the narrative get flipped 180 degrees . 
  read the entire thing . 
  courts decision appears to have been absolutely correct . 
  all they awarded was * a portion of his legal costs * because proper * legal procedure was not followed during the investigation * . 
  they upheld all convictions and all other complaints , emphasizing that situation was extreme and warranted extreme actions to safeguard the general public . 
  literally the only thing they granted was that police violated suspects rights in one very specific scenario where police did in fact clearly violated the rules . 
  and based on this violation , portion of suspect 's legal fees must be paid by the state agency responsible , because it 's ultimately responsible for the procedures and botching them . 
  my understanding is that government was in fact the party that paid for his legal aid , so this is going to be `` out of budget of the government agency that blatantly violated its rules and into the budget of the government agency that had to take on extra costs because of this '' . 
  ** convict will not see any of this money , so the headline is patently false . 
  because you made an absurd generalisation that was utterly absent prior to it . 
  this was literally all i typed out :  not at all the same people . 
  some politicians do want the opposing views sensored . 
  some do not . 
  mixing them together demonstrates an appalling inability to differentiate between very different kinds of people .
