  or a theoretical plan that it might have in a drawer is enough for you ? 
  look up `` strategic planning in imperial states '' on google . 
  there are quite a few good books on the subject . 
   and even if i tried to think from your perspective , only one side is invading european countries , has its media controlled by the government and does n't have a functioning democracy . 
  big words from person representing a state where media gets a hissy fit when narrative of `` good guy bad guy '' is not perfectly followed , where president could n't be selected to the point where someone from outside had to be brought in and that actively advocates historic revanchism . 
  not that you 're wrong . 
  but one should n't throw stones when one lives in a glass house . 
  sad part is , all sides could have avoided it , but it was n't in the imperial interests of a certain state . 
  and that state is n't in the east from us . 
  at least that state and it 's main geopolitical opponent are now focusing on their nice multi-party proxy war in syria , so these european side hysterics are getting even less relevant . 
  we did n't until 1939 . 
  our declaration of independence was signed by lenin himself . 
  he was repaying the debt for finnish elites hiding him when he was being hunted . 
  `` fuck the people , fuck the facts . 
  i 'll spin it the way i want , and i wo n't tolerate dissent '' . 
  noted . 
  i already posted the relevant numbers , alonside sources . 
  several times . 
  i also explained why your numbers are anti-democratic weasel words and nothing but . 
  that was a statement of a fact , which did not in fact single you out . 
  the `` no you '' is getting silly on your part . 
   really ? 
  1939 soviet invasion of finland was a follow up of some 1918-1922 events when russia was very unstable , lost several of its regions including baltics , poland and finland , which gained independence ? 
  are you sure it was n't something with molotov-ribbentrop pact that divided europe between nazis and soviets ? 
  i was specifically referring to one of the conflicts as a part of larger series of conflicts in what we call `` heimosodat '' . 
  tribal wars . 
  we had whites win our civil war , and then attack russia , that was stuck in civil war , sometimes allying with varying imperial interests . 
  one of these attacks was that on petrograd ( current st. petersburg ) together with british . 
  stalin was the person responsible for defense of the city during this time . 
  his demands in 1939 were specifically about `` securing leningrad '' which is the third name that same city got during this period . 
  i think you 've spent too much time in one specific media sphere to believe that nato plans to attack russia . 
  us is currently conducting a significant offensive against russia . 
  it just is n't military in nature at this point in time . 
  you have to be living under a rock to think otherwise . 
  nato is one of the main military arms of us imperialism as an alliance , so it would be in dereliction of its duty to not have plans to attack russia . 
  seriously , this is geopolitics 1 +1 . 
  major empires always have plans to engage one another in a wide variety of ways . 
  in current situation , it 's extremely obvious that many of these avenues are being explored on both sides . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  your messages here are in fact preserved and do not vanish a few seconds after you post them . 
   fortunately the opposition to nato is n't a strong opinion , but rather a result of politicians refusing to take any stance on the subject . 
  a clear majority is in favor if the parliament declared support . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56a2tb/russian_aircraft_suspected_of_violating_finnish/d8hrtjl i attacked this claim on merits that this is undemocratic use of weasel words , and presented you with two studies from two of very reputable local organisations that conduct polling of people electing those in parliament into power . 
  you can keep trying to pretend that this is not so . 
  reddit remembers . 
  i like how you start the name calling , get pointed out on it , and then attempt to pretend that other person is in fact calling you names and not just pointing out your bad behaviour . 
  and more namecalling , misrepresenting position of one of the opposing position and implications of `` lack of knowledge '' on the subject . 
  you 're no longer sounding just like an anti-democratic shill pushing an agenda . 
  you are now starting to sound like a cultist demonising the `` other '' . 
  literally , i quote the sources of two of some of the most reliable pollsters in the country , and you quote `` leaders of the government '' which is currently formed from two right wing parties and a centrist party who put very specific people in power , and are very unpopular among the people . 
  you could n't be more anti-democratic and use more weasel words if you tried . 
  but you sure remembered to call me names . 
  and you just strawmanned my argument to absurd levels , so i guess this discussion has ran out , as you aparently can not argue against me on merits . 
  remember folks : putin is evil and scary , and anyone who does n't love my imperial project loves this evil and scary man !, 
  you 're with us or against us . 
  and we 're not afraid to call you names and make utterly unsubstantiated claims about you if you 're not with us !, 
  have you ever looked at the history of the region , or the origins of these two conflicts ? 
  you would have to be utterly ignorant of it to draw any kind of parallels to finland . 
   today russia 's a pariah on the international stage whose once principle competitor -- the us -- now has an economy 16x larger in reality on the other hand , it 's in conflict with nato and nato alone . 
  even states allied with us , such as japan are not really interested in the whole `` pariah '' title , or other verbal grandstanding , much less most of the world which just ignores the us and russia grandstanding alltogether . 
   today 's russia is more erratic and irresponsible than it 's soviet forebear in an international arena where ru-alignment is little more than a very last extortionist resort . 
  and yet , it has been quite reliable for us , to the point where both our and norwegian people who live on the border just want the eu and us to shut up about the demonisation of russia and get back to status quo . 
  because unlike the fear mongers , they actually know how russia works , as they had to know intimately and personally - unlike you in spite of your grandiose claims to opposite , which you then proceed to demonstrate to be false in your points . 
   surely -- neither is it in the interests of the wider western alliance writ-large ; but , practical realities and a wider consideration of ` interest ' sets hold precedence . 
  we are not a part of your imperial project , nor are we interested in it . 
  have your grandstanding if you want , but leave us out of it . 
   i could innumerate the aforementioned realms of military affairs and through what mechanisms/policies each point holds true -- but you 're better off doing the research yourself as the area of consideration is so vast . 
  and here 's a little factual tidbit for you . 
  our beloved neighbours in the west fucked up . 
  they 're used to the fact that we 're going to defend them against russia , as we have done since we were a part of swedish empire . 
  so they ran their army down into the ground . 
  we kept ours . 
  at the same time they have a significant defense industry which is in trouble - they no longer can build their products without us technology transfers . 
  us literally has swedish elite by the balls , and is not afraid to squeeze every once in a while , like they did with engine deliveries for gripen . 
  at the same time , pro-nato elite shills here in finland are far fewer in numbers . 
  this is because essentially every single family in finland is invested in defense of the state due to universal conscription and has strong drive for independence from imperial projects of any kind . 
  we have never ran an empire , and we had to literally get raped by empires from west and east . 
  last two times we threw our lot with a leading world empire against our eastern neighbour , in 1920s it resulted in catastrophic war in 1939 . 
  second time resulted in an equivalent catastrophe of 1944 . 
  we stepped on the `` jump the imperial bandwagon '' twice , and there are many people alive who still rememer that it really , really hurt when the rake slammed in our collective faces , and how much we had to sacrifice to disentangle ourselves from our imperial sponsor and become independent again . 
  our last one burned down entire north of our country as we were pushing them out . 
  so you could go on for a lot of time . 
  reality is , the only way you 're getting us into your imperial project is if you subvert and destroy our democratic system . 
  this is the support numbers for nato over last 20 years among our populace : http://www.eva.fi/blog/2015/02/03/evan-arvo-ja-asennetutkimuksen-ennakkotieto-nato-kannat-muuttuneet-myonteisemmiksi/ and this is the number of people who think we should join nato if sweden joins : http://yle.fi/uutiset/3-8408558 ( first one is `` should we apply for membership '' and second is `` should we accept membership '' ) . 
  literally the biggest support for nato is n't even from this crisis . 
  it 's from 2009 , and it had mostly to do with the fact that pro-nato alarmists were screaming in news about russian people buying summer cottages in across eastern finland , pricing locals out of the market back then ( it 's the poorest region in our state ) . 
  news media was having a royal fit about it , and a local mp made a big brouhaha about young people getting priced out of the market . 
  they pretty much dream about those times now . 
  russians lost a lot of purchasing power since then , and their tourists were one of the key income sources for many local businesses . 
  locals just want the idiotic grandstanding of today to just end so they can get on with their lives . 
  notably , folks in kirkenes of nato country of norway agree . 
   no , not that russia . 
  i 'm talking about the russia who showed what they have achieved since then when they took on georgia one where they did n't advance one step into georgia , and just pushed it back to the old peacekeeper time borders ? 
  essentially stopping exactly at where they knew local support would end ? 
  do you seriously , even for a fraction of a second think we have any support for russian invasion here in finland ? 
  even our russian minority is overwhelmingly against them on the topic , which was really visible a few years back when yle had their `` russia evening '' and they brought quite a few of ethnic russians who have our citizenship in . 
  they made it very clear that their loyalties are to finland first , but unlike you , they obviously would prefer good relations start to finish . 
  frankly , either you genuinely hate finnish people if you think we would support such invasion , or you have another agenda going behind that you 're not telling us about . 
   nato is by far the best way to ensure the continuation of our independence just like allying with great britain was the best way to ensure our independence in 1920s . 
  history : learn from it .
