  in fact , some never have applied to uk in the first place . 
  it had quite a few waivers on its joining the eu . 
  and that is in fact a lie , because swiss do in fact pick and choose on quite a few topic which rules to follow and which to not to a great extent . 
  all while remaining a part of single market . 
  they merely reserve exceptions to the rules of the single market . 
  here , have a look : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_market note how they are `` non-eu states which participate in the internal market with some exceptions '' . 
  democracy , by its very nature , requires you to largely leave them be so they can learn the lesson and vote accordingly . 
  foreign intervention merely allows for blame shifting in case thins do actually go south . 
  reminder : they voted against it recently and are in process of renegotiating 2002 deal . 
  f-5 are still operational in us as aggressor aircraft . 
  quite a few were in fact bought from switzerland . 
  not at all . 
  case to point : switzerland . 
  `` people elected someone i do n't like . 
  dear foreigners , please come and depose of him '' . 
  are you at all familiar with concept of `` democracy '' ? 
  fun detail : quite a few refugees from current wave literally ran away because they could n't handle the weather . 
  most of them came through the north from sweden , so they had to encounter our winter . 
  it really does weed out the weak . 
  title is very literally correct btw . 
  there 's very little to do when weather goes this shitty and you do n't live in a large population centre except fucking . 
  well , and getting drunk , which leads to more fucking . 
  so we do a lot of it . 
  single market has multiple participants that are n't in eu . 
  sh\u00e4uble is lying here . 
  specifically eu is not eea , and even if it was , there 's still switzerland which is not a part of eea , but instead has bilaterial agreements with it . 
   nothing stops you from making your own media outlet false on merits for obvious reasons . 
  meaningful media outlets can be easily suppressed through numerous means into the fringe , simply due to the fact that information control is of key importance to preservation of state and its elites . 
  consider the sad state of media in some eu states that for half a decade hammered in the point that `` anyone opposing open borders and uncontrolled immigration is a nazi '' . 
  it was going to goebbels-like levels at times , as happened in cologne . 
  `` everything is fine on eastern front/in cologne on new years night '' . 
  that 's why using a narrow definition , as you do is undemocratic in nature . 
  you are attempting to narrow the scope to limit access to unpopular information . 
  which is of key importance in democracy where press is supposed to act as fourth estate , ensuring that electorate has access to information relevant to events in their state . 
  this limitation is not nearly as bad as one practiced by erdogan - but it still is a severe limitation , as we saw in examples such as one i mentioned above . 
  self censorship exists , it is dangerous , and the fact that people like yourself choose to look the other way and say it 's not a problem is exactly what makes it a major problem . 
  that is the modern definition , which seeks to pretend that self-censorship does n't matter and blatantly denies that media is the `` fourth estate '' in a democratic state . 
  it 's an extremely anti-democratic line to take . 
  the problem is that he has a point . 
  our restrictions on press come from ownership-based policies , cultural preferences and representation . 
  it 's still the best we could ever do throughout history of our species , and a whole lot better than what erdogan does in his country . 
  but it certainly does n't mean that he does n't have a point , or that we should be satisfied with status quo . 
  sailfish could run android software last i checked , through that knowledge is a couple of years old . 
  this is great news for jolla . 
  after the tablet fiasco , they seemed half-dead at best . 
  this should resurrect the company , especially considering that russia 's biggest phonemaker yota devices has their hardware design unit in finland as well , which is another offshot of old mobile phone nokia unit . 
  who knows , we may see something of a small scale resurrection of old nokia expertise if those two are combined to work together . 
  no , because results are conflicting based on source . 
  business insider was telling us they came dead last . 
  tanks do not work alone but in combination with infantry , and when your infantry squad loses someone , the last thing you want is for tanker to climb out to give cpr . 
  that means : 1 . 
  your mbt is not providing active cover to the rest of the infantry due to lack of personnel operating it . 
  you risk losing the tanker and with it operational capability of entire tank for the rest of operation . 
  the only point in combat situation where you want tanker to get out of his tank is when the tank is disabled to the point where it can not provide protection . 
  honestly , that 's not a good thing for europe . 
  strong us and its capability to participate in tank warfare reasonably important for european security as a whole . 
  yeah , m16s they use are shit . 
  bring back galil . 
  because they challenged these crews to work together and figure out what others need to work . 
  read details of the events for more information . 
  what i 'm going for is that it was n't a `` competition to figure out the best tank '' , as you used the word . 
  it 's the `` get teams to work together and get the team spirit going '' . 
  it 's especially visible in the fact that many of the events were n't even related to being an actual tanker , like treating ied victims . 
  it was n't a challenge . 
  it was a first attempt to get tank forces from different nato states to work together in quarter of a century . 
  goal of the competition is building team spirit and familiarizing tankers with tech used by others . 
  it says so in the announcements . 
  if you look at what they did , much of it was n't even about being a tanker in combat . 
  it was treating ied patients and shooting guns . 
  it conflicts with several other more reputable reports like popular mechianics and business insider that present different results : http://www.popularmechanics.com/military/a20917/us-crews-fail-to-place-in-nato-tank-competition/ http://nordic.businessinsider.com/nato-tank-competition-2016-5?r=us&amp;ir=t the lack of any kind of reliable information after the event suggests that this was for internal pr purposes . 
  having trouble finding full rankings . 
  not sure if they have been published . 
  we know that leopards took three top spots and abrams came dead last . 
  sounds like a lot of pr and very little substance honestly . 
  abrams are not great , but they most certainly are n't the worst of the lot . 
  because they did n't want a bloodbath instead of semblance of competition by inviting israelis to win . 
  when can we expect more of these ordinary events ? 
  ask the child who got lost in the library to give the phone to the lady at the counter . 
  seriously . 
  do you understand that the entire concept of theoretical handling of economic systems is all about disseminating these items on the `` pure '' level as you put it ? 
  if you can not find a university library , that 's fine . 
  but could you please not pretend you visited one if you can not even get books on theory of specific financial system produced for you ? 
  clearly . 
  next time , try an actual university librarian . 
  ask him/her and get the answer . 
  this is not unique to russia . 
  for example the historic capital of japan , kyoto has similar limitations . 
  i suggested you consult a university librarian . 
  those people are experts in specialised literature and will be able to find what you 're looking for . 
  you also are the one who presented the example in the first place , and then went really hard to try to debunk it . 
  it 's a good case to demonstrate that even when you get to cherry pick your own example to debunk , debunking is still very difficult and questionable on this particular topic . 
  do you understand that shareholders do not control the ceo , they typically merely appoint the board of directors , which in turn appoints the ceo . 
  you 're essentially making the argument that there 's no difference between representative democracy and direct democracy . 
  there 's a huge difference , and that being the layer of abstraction between direct control and the people . 
  same applies to your example . 
  the company itself . 
  shareholders merely hold shares in the company . 
  they do not enjoy any kind of direct control over company in overwhelming majority of scenarios . 
  name specific product these funds produce . 
  owning shares of a company through intermediary is not the same as owning means of production .
