  the main advantage democracy awards a state is stability . 
  everyone participates , which invests people in the system , allowing for far less need to control people on individual level . 
  discarding referendum results like this turns this into a disadvantage , as not only the pacifying effect is nullified , but it 's turned into a reason for deposing the state and its powers . 
   but no , we have to be hand tied because `` democracy '' , but god forbid there is a second referendum because that 'd be extremely antidemocratic ... 
  correct . 
  for example , what was done to get lisbon treaty in ireland was undemocratic , which is often cited as one of the main pieces of evidence to why eu decision making system has severe democratic deficit at its base . 
   nope , a working democracy would be one where people would have a real choice in election we have now established that according to your criteria , most eu powers and us are not democracies , as there 's no real political choice in those states on national level . 
  there 's just vote for one proponent of status quo , versus another proponent of status quo , that have only minimal differences in their points . 
  we have also established that leaders that win by landslides because they do differentiate themselves enough from others and enjoy massive popular support are also not democracies . 
  this fits both crisis time democratic leaders who enjoy strong mandate because of their views , i.e. 
  presidents like roosevelt . 
  i 'm actually struggling to think a democratic state in the world that would meet your arbitrary criteria for this supposed democracy you 're talking about . 
  about the only state that comes to mind is swiss-style federation , and that 's because their democracy is so cripplingly strong , that it paralyses the decision making machine and allows for more significant demagoguery . 
  yeah , i think any credibility you have on this subject in the eyes of anyone with reasonable comprehension of history is gone should they ever bother reading this far . 
  my job here is done i suppose . 
  i did . 
  and then you chose to continue with your denialism , in this very thread . 
  systemically , and all while continuing to claim that he did in fact rise democratically . 
  this demonstrated both the massive internal moral corruption you suffer from ( ideology peddled more important than truth , even on issue as important as the rise of greatest tyrant of europe to power ) , as well as complete denial of history when it does n't suit the said narrative . 
  you literally said absolutely nothing relevant to the subject there . 
  we 're not arguing about whether people are influenced or not . 
  we 're arguing that this influence is detrimental to the basic values , such as a value of secular state . 
  in both poland and russia , these values are severely threatened . 
  poland tried to push mention of christianity as the religion of europe into the core texts of eu , and in russia , church is doing similar things . 
  surely even a religious us citizen would agree that this is a bad influence on the state ? 
  is that really true for those who are influenced by religion though ? 
  there 's a reason why relevant church is so wealthy in both poland and russia . 
  there 's a large enough core populace that is willing to put their money into it , and if you 're that invested , surely you 're also going to be active in it . 
  because you did . 
  you made a false claim that he got into power democratically . 
  he had to butcher his way into power , * because he did n't * . 
  it 's my understanding that every election in poland has to do with religion , because there 's a very devoted catholic core of people who will vote in accordance with their priests ' wishes . 
  this is universally true in many places , and is often used by catholic church to secure political power among democratically elected politicians . 
  on your second point , i could most certainly be wrong . 
  however all materials i 've read on the issue of east european and specifically polish immigration suggest that those who actually do emigrate are younger people who do n't yet have families , and who do not earn enough for weekly flight to and from the country of their origin . 
  for example , older more experienced doctors who work in western europe often fly back home on weekends , whereas nurses do actually emigrate and live in the same country as they work . 
  and it 's the younger folks with specialist education that typically form the core of urban middle class . 
  if those leave , those who stay are rural folks and higher educated higher earning bracket specialists in the cities . 
  and wealth does tend to push people to vote more conservatively . 
  recent pis victory and city protests against it showed this very divide as i understood it . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  you 're projecting us issues on specific european country . 
  the issues here are very different , and based on very different cultural base . 
  conclusions you draw as a result are very far off mark . 
  there are plenty of cultural traditions to embrace , and communists did n't supress many of them . 
  you could still dress the way you did , have your own style of . 
  you do n't have to embrace the worst of them , which is a real problem with religiocity in russia and poland as far as i know . 
  in those places , priests literally indoctrinate people into specific political sphere , which is an antithesis of secularism . 
  and secular state is a basic european value . 
  what is the point of democracy ? 
  giving people a choice , and a voice . 
  your angle appears to be `` vote like i want them to vote , and if they do n't , it 's not a democracy '' . 
  which notably is how dictatorships work . 
  but to you , that 's apparently a definition of a working democracy . 
  this perfectly aligns with similar ethical monstrosity that is your take on hitler 's rise to power in this thread . 
  i 'm beginning to understand the depth of corruption of your moral character a bit better now . 
   the argument of nazis coming into power democratically is disputed it is not `` disputed '' . 
  it 's patently proven false beyond shadow of a doubt by all credible historians . 
  your revisionism is not one that even most neo-nazis take . 
  in case you ever wonder how russian propaganda can paint us europeans as `` nazist and fascist '' . 
  people like you , and your utter ignorance of relevant history is one of the main reasons . 
  and it may come as a shock to you being as ignorant of its facts as you appear to be , but yes , many of us view hitler 's reign as an emotional subject . 
  to the point where many states will put you to jail just for denying things about it . 
  i like how you pretend that you glossing nazis as `` winners of democratic elections '' is apparently not glossing over their reign at all . 
  night of long knives never happened , but it 's not denial of brutal cleansing of political opponents after failing to grab power in democratic elections . 
  nosiree . 
  frankly , your ethics are so warped , i find it hard to even comprehend how someone can be as callous as you are on this subject . 
  i never met anyone who would actively deny atrocities that nazis needed to get into power because they could n't secure said power through democratic elections on either time , and then say `` well i do n't actually deny them , i just do n't think they happened because they gained power by winning elections '' . 
   besides , democracy is totally overrated i readily agree that if you 're anti-democratic then vote outcome obviously matters little to you . 
  that said , system is indeed democratic , and just because you hate democracy you do n't get to dismiss the decisions by this system . 
  that is simply not how states work . 
  i would to hear your opinion on how this division allows 5 million minority to override 65 million , when 5 million minority was allowed to vote . 
  i would also like to know how you : 1 . 
  draw a line on where minority is big enough to be able to utterly veto majority vote by everyone . 
  do not apply the same logic to all other voting . 
  suggest that rift would `` close '' by denying democratic majority their legitimacy . 
  same largely applies in the rest of europe . 
  there will always be people that need something greater than humanity to motivate them in life . 
  in this regard , we do need religions that are relative benign , so that these people do not join death cults like fundamentalist islam . 
  i recommend listening to varoufakis . 
  i disagree with him on many points , but he most certainly discusses these subjects and his ideas related to them in great length . 
  i think you have to understand that a large portion of people who are actually interested in these subjects to the point where they feel like talking about them are in fact very entrenched in their own belief system . 
  most people are n't really interested in politics , unless they affect them in a very visible , direct way . 
  they 're indifferent . 
  churchill was completely on the money when it comes to his `` best argument against democracy '' . 
  people who genuinely want to debate the value of ideas , rather than simply try to force their own entrenched ideals on others are about as rare among those who want to talk about these things , as those who want to talk about these things are rare among mainstream populace . 
  i find much of my time when trying to discuss the actual ideas and concepts is being spent just debunking ideological nonsense that comes from opinionated and ignorant peddlers of a specific narrative . 
  it 's quite disheartening , but that 's also why complex subjects that discuss ideas , such as this particular one is far less popular on this reddit than another batch of easily digestible `` let 's condemns the evil x '' , or `` look at pretty y '' posts . 
  it 's not anyone 's fault really . 
  it 's human to be like that . 
  you invented an interesting and quite absurd narrative , but you did n't actually deliver on what was asked at all :  define this non-existent defensive policy towards non members in fact , the entire construct you built up above appears to have been specifically to avoid discussing the fact that no such thing exists , and nato officials made this very clear on many junctures throughout history . 
  i am using switzerland as an example of democratic society that does not conform to ideas which you insist to be core of a democratic society . 
  either you have to argue on the same merits that you argued russia to not be a democracy , that switzerland is also not a democracy , or you have to admit that your criteria are false . 
  good to hear . 
  here 's to hoping that poland and russia follow in your example in near future , even though i doubt it . 
  i present arguments above why your argument is incorrect . 
  but perhaps the main argument is indeed the rapidity of transmission once the critical point is reached and it becomes an epidemic . 
  let 's see now . 
  toreon drew a direct comparison between hitler and putin , based on election results . 
  his exact comparison was that they both were `` democratically elected presidents that enjoyed massive support in the country and became dictators '' .
