  it 's not even complex . 
  it 's barely an advanced class . 
  folks who did that as their major had far more complex courses on the issue . 
  and when you 're in society where anyone that would be willing to shake the boat on revealing facts is instantly punished by those in power , no one in their right mind would ask the kind of questions that would put themselves in danger . 
  so your statement is probably correct . 
  and it tells you nothing about the quality of information . 
  and everything about just how massive the pressure is on the people to ask only the right questions and only in the right context . 
  remind me , how long was he in power ? 
  has it been a month yet ? 
  it takes really nice balls , and complete lack of any kind of conscience to blame a politician for not being able to fully push a significant societal change in less a month since taking the office . 
  congratulations on inventing a position he does not hold to back up a point you could not otherwise defend . 
  op does n't . 
  his entire point is that `` it 's all fine '' . 
  he went to great lengths to dispute it in his replies to this post . 
  and here 's another issue . 
  societal problems do n't go away because you just ignore them . 
  they grow . 
  as is happening in sweden . 
  and at some point , you will no longer be able to run away say `` but it just happens elsewhere , and fuck the poor people who have to live with it '' . 
  honestly , sweden reminds me of shakespeare 's king lear more and more every day . 
  of course you did . 
  there 's always a significant amount of statistics produced by swedish state to support the official narrative . 
  author of the study i referenced on the other hand was well known for getting the hammer of the establishment land on her , hard . 
  as it does for everyone else that dares to speak . 
  folks like you instantly drop a `` nazi , islamophobe '' etc buzz words and go for maximum societal punishment to prevent any dissenting speech . 
  and you 'll keep doing it as cars burn in your cities and women are routinely harassed and raped . 
  because to you , your narrative is more important than reality , all the way until reality comes knocking at your door . 
  good luck with that . 
  overwhelming majority of historic cases of people like you end in a tragedy . 
  you should really go read king lear sometime . 
  and then you did the google search for `` sweden white flight '' and found dosens of articles referencing that specific study and its numbers . 
  because all it takes to find references to the study is to make a google search for `` sweden white flight '' . 
  you 'll find dosens of non-paywalled articles referencing the study . 
  those who do n't understand why the narrative is sometimes this divergent . 
  sweden has the highest rate of white flight in western europe . 
  essentially if you 're wealthy enough , you never really have to encounter the migrants in situation you do n't control . 
  you can just read about how nice they are . 
  you do n't have to worry about your car getting burned in next night 's riot in bad part of town , because you do n't live there , or your wife and daughters do n't get harassed on the streets because they never have to walk in the bad parts of town . 
  and so on . 
  the people who are not quite that wealthy , they are the ones bearing the burden . 
  folks like the op can look down their noses on them , and show their utter lack of empathy , instead focusing on looking good in the eyes of other wealthy folks with same kind of background . 
   well if we ca n't educate people out of voting for corrupt bureaucrats because they 'll be indoctrinated to vote for corrupt bureaucrats then we 'll just have to be resigned to having corrupt bureaucrats in charge . 
  and you get to decide who to call a `` corrupt bureaucrat '' , right ? 
  which you get to `` educate '' people about ? 
   not really seeing anything scary about educating people there . 
  then you have never studied relevant history . 
  and there 's a saying about people that do n't know history . 
  you should consider `` getting educated '' on the topic . 
   consider sobering up before you post on this topic again . 
  sadly , i do n't . 
  i 've actually seen the videos of the kind of education that people that espouse this particular view have in mind . 
  it 's ideological indoctrination . 
  exact same thing ussr had . 
  in more blatant cases , they even use specific communist slogans . 
  i 'll keep that in mind , thanks . 
  right . 
  machine gun nests . 
  on the mainland european border . 
  have you ever been to mainland europe ? 
  have you ever seen a european border ? 
  ever ? 
  you have to be utterly ignorant of reality on the ground to even consider that machine gun nests would be a functional border guard tool on borders of mainland europe . 
  consider sobering up before you post on this topic again . 
  it was . 
  as noted above , i took the opinion you expressed and expanded on it . 
  what are you going to do about the fact that next wave will feel far more justified in using violence against same border guards , as they have far less to lose ? 
  escalating violence tends to result in comparable escalation on the opposite side . 
  one of the reasons illegal immigrants are n't attacking and killing border guards in spite of their overwhelming numbers when they 're being detained is because they do n't fear for their safety . 
  you ca n't imagine how scary it is for anyone who studied history of soviet union to hear someone declare that all it takes to get people to agree with you politically is `` education '' . 
  soviet union loved that narrative . 
  and proceeded to educate people on how it was right . 
  there 's an old saying here in finland in reference to that . 
  translation : `` siberia teaches '' . 
   [ more of the same `` other people said it , therefore it 's true '' ] you still have n't read the initial comment and comprehended the contents . 
   keep in mind that one is a youtube streamer and one is an actual politician that wants to change the country . 
  which is irrelevant to the point discussed . 
  what i listed was a specific example of similar action being taken , in the exact form that you state as `` an acceptable method for declaring someone a nazi '' . 
  semantics got too confusing for me here . 
  feel free to elaborate in more than once sentence , because i appear to be missing your point . 
  that is a normal , natural outcome of biological nepotism . 
  ask yourself , if you had a child who was n't quite as capable as a stranger , and if you could help him win a position over such a stranger , would you do it ? 
  if the answer is `` no '' , you 're a deeply psychologically disturbed individual . 
  and since overwhelming majority will say `` yes '' , that just by itself creates a situation where less capable people will be put into position over more capable ones . 
  there 's no reason to have any hard feelings about it in my opinion . 
  it 's just a fact of life , just like the fact that we all have our death pre-programmed on cellular level before we 're out of the womb . 
  but the conclusion you draw that human achievements have stagnated compared to early and middle parts of industrial age is actually false . 
  our progress has accelerated significantly since 1950s , rather than stagnated . 
  the reason why you likely think we have slowed down is in the nature of the advancement . 
  we picked the `` generalist '' , low level , everyone can easily comprehend level stuff mostly clean in the time frame you cite . 
  just understanding much of current advancement requires significant specialization into relevant fields . 
  good example of this trend is a modern wind turbine . 
  the forces involved in those are incredible , and just a decade ago , their breakages were common , and their projected age was around a decade . 
  and yet they can now be built to last significantly more than a decade , while their power , and as a result the forces in them grew by many times . 
  just a decade ago you needed a complex gearbox within the wind turbine to produce significant amount of electricity , which was prone to breakages and fire . 
  today we apply out significantly improved knowledge to be able to manufacture turbines that either have less complex , more durable gearboxes , or make them gearboxless in the first place , by utilizing stronger magnet fields within the generator and our better understanding of electromagnetism . 
  metallurgic advancements also allow us to build longer , stronger blades for the turbines , which means that individual turbines are getting more powerful . 
  better understanding of architectural challenges allows us to build these turbines taller , which means that they can operate in environment with stronger wings that are less sapped of their energy by ground based obstructions like trees or buildings . 
  and yet to a casual observer , a wind turbine is pretty much the same thing as it was a decade ago . 
  a tower , with propeller that has three blades and a generator hooked to it . 
  it 's as if progress has been minimal at best .
