  which makes such cars with diesel engines the biggest culprit for low air quality in populated areas with a lot of traffic , i.e. 
  cities . 
  so this argument is rooted in factual evidence . 
  i suspect he went on a politician-style hyperbole about it , but diesel emissions from personal transportation are the biggest contributors to city centre pollution . 
  i 'm interested in the logical chain that led you to end up with the conclusion you state in the first sentence . 
  also , second one is quite obviously false . 
  the entire issue with ukraine was specifically about the turf war between us and russia with us continuing to aggressively expand its sphere of influence into what was traditionally russian sphere of influence , and not so long ago a part of the same superstate that russia was a part of . 
  right now , ukraine is most definitely in us ' sphere of influence . 
  the question is more in the line of `` can this status quo be tenable in long term , or is it just a transient phase '' . 
  and yet , they readily accept being carved into a part of us sphere of influence . 
  thing is , if you do n't want to be in empire 's sphere of influence when living next to one , you need to learn neutral diplomacy , coupled with having a really big stick . 
  poland is trying to build up the latter , which is a good approach . 
  but it completely forgot the former , which just makes it more polarized and a part of split of the world into spheres of influence of larger and more powerful states . 
  close air support is hard . 
  fratricide is common even among same side under the same command umbrella and in active communication with one another ( i.e. 
  direct radio discussion between pilot and troops on the ground on in the same language ) . 
  look at numbers of cas fratricide just among us troops in afghanistan for example . 
  it 's one of the biggest killers , and one of the main arguments for keeping a-10 right now is that 's the aircraft that gets close enough and has effective weapons that are less dangerous to your own troops close to the target . 
  guardian does n't have a left wing bias . 
  it 's has left wing extremist bias . 
  a common misconception nowadays , where left and centre left ( i.e. 
  previous labour leaders ) are often conflated with extreme left ( current labour leader ) . 
   anyone can offer solutions to problems but most people that people you refer to here not only avoid doing so , but deny that problems exist in the first place . 
  and then typically proceed to hound and oppress those who dare to speak about the existence of the problem . 
  so by definition , that makes populists better than their opponents in this regard . 
  nice guy , is n't he ? 
  i ca n't stop poking him with a stick every time he crawls from under the rock with a new not-yet-banned account :d, 
  just out of interest , how many accounts did you have to make to finally get one that is n't yet banned to get to post here ? 
  i 'm sure folks in charge of fighting is , negotiating with iran over its nuclear weapons program and with saudis over their state support for terrorism aimed at european states would be very interested in what detailed analysis you have to back up this incredible hypothesis . 
  police officers in sweden would be even more interested . 
  please do share . 
   i do n't call their ideas shit because they 're addressing the concerns of the electorate , i call them shit because they 're shit . 
  thank you for confirming my analysis above :  ** to pretend that politicians addressing concerns of their electorate and offering various solutions that are not liked by their opponents is a bad thing . 
  yes , that is the current ongoing stigmatization of the word that i was referring to . 
  to pretend that politicians addressing concerns of their electorate and offering various solutions that are not liked by their opponents is a bad thing . 
  that is a good point . 
   i did n't say pro-reforms is pro-eu , but reforms are necessary for this society , with a better educated and reformed/healthier society , the eu will get more support , up until a year ago serbia just thought of eu as a carrot on a stick but it still is one . 
  the main problem that you 're facing , is that carrot 's cute , red sheen has been flaking off in last few years , showing patches of ugly rot within . 
  which turns people off . 
  do states like serbia need reform ? 
  yes . 
  absolutely . 
  but eu no longer figures in that reform beyond the remaining and rapidly diminishing carrot value , and providing technical expertise . 
  both of which are easily gained without having to subject the state and its people to specific demands for economic and political concessions from eu . 
  on the last point , much of support for joining eu comes from young people who see eu just folks across much of eastern parts of eu see it . 
  as a place to migrate to and leave their country behind . 
  which diminishes the country they leave behind , leaving it to slow stagnation and decline . 
  baltics show this very clearly today for example . 
  that means that ironically , much of the interest is egoistical in nature , and distinctly harmful to the nation state . 
  now you take the spin further by pretending that `` being pro reforms '' is `` being pro eu '' . 
  that 's patently false . 
  as for `` gather undecided people 's attention towards the eu '' , are you sure you want to do that now ? 
  with all the problems eu has ? 
  `` hey folks , let me tell you about eu you may want to join . 
  it has a migrant crisis that is ongoing that they ca n't handle . 
  a sovereign solvency crisis that eurozone within eu can not solve . 
  brexit negotiations , with britain voting to leave the eu . 
  people in highest corridors of power of eu cowtowing to turkey and not talking about problems you have with all the muslim migrants rushing through your country , and then getting stuck on your northern border , because eu could n't agree on what to do with them '' . 
  somehow , i get the feeling you did n't quite think this one through . 
  yes . 
  did you ? 
  it showed a clear decline for support for accession process form previous year . 
  you tried to spin it as something positive using phrasing `` nearly half support '' , instead of `` support declines by seven percent points in just a year '' . 
  or if i wanted to spin the truth like you did but in other direction , i 'd phrase it `` accession process loses almost 20 % of its supporters in just a year '' . 
  so the news is that less than half of nation 's population supports it . 
  so much for that pressure point that could be exerted on serbia . 
  eu sure is losing desirability fast in the eyes of those who used to be kept in check by just keeping offering them membership . 
  first victim of increase of the number of muslimes that follow islamic orthodoxy is the `` apostate '' muslims , those who secularise . 
  they are the first ones in the line of fire . 
  hence they are the ones who become vehemently against mass migration from these countries to the extent where they can advocate it without suffering severe social stigmatization . 
  not even that . 
  consider that pollsters were predicting trump would lose to the very end . 
  same with brexit . 
  those polls were usually anonymous . 
  a large portion of people do n't voice what they think even when given anonymity , as long as it 's not a vote or other forum where their input will actually make a difference . 
  that 's why when you see shrill politicians currently screaming about `` evil ban '' and whatnot simply do not represent the majority of electorate in their countries . 
  and then these same people vote these politicians into opposition . 
  we need a realignment of politicians and media with the people . 
  but that 's called `` bad '' now , or at least that 's the connotations of the world `` populist '' , which is literally a politician that listens to people 's concern . 
  it shows just how twisted the political game has become , when politician willing to address concerns of his/her electorate is considered a bad thing . 
  and if anything , this shows just how far to extreme left much of mass media has migrated over the last few years with the narratives being pushed being in such stark contrast to attitudes of the average voter . 
   the netherlands have multiple parties some i dont agree with but i respect people that vote for them . 
  stalin respected the people he sent for re-education . 
  if he did n't respect them , he would n't have cared about them and would n't send them for re-education . 
  same goes for mao . 
   reeducation isnt the solution . 
  we need to know why people disagree so much that they are blinded by the people that studied the relevant subject . 
  some people might just vote for change but we need to know what change so we can act on it . 
  if its a problem with education we need reforms in education . 
  when people who can not be re-educated are found , they are to be disposed of . 
  methods range from working people to death to simple noose of bullet in the back of the skull . 
  young must be indoctrinated into proper opinion from early age . 
  ussr and communist china schools offer a great template on how this is done . 
  the only question that remains is to wonder if you 're genuinely so naive as to think these things you call for will end well , as many of the folks who 's good intentions were used by stalin and mao and then ended in the camps themselves after their usefulness was used up . 
  or if you 're the kind that accepts them as ideological necessities on the path to the better world as stalin and mao and their immediate circle of ideological allies did . 
  we already have the fig leaf of a deal in place . 
  new one will be negotiated to replace it should it be found once again to not be binding or sufficient . 
  `` resistance '' on part of eu is all about pretending that these rules do n't apply via agreements that provide no actual protections . 
  britain was n't on the hook for eurozone troubles . 
  it has its own currency .
