  i actually do . 
  it 's specifically designed to avoid granting significant weight to the particular form of control over press we have a problem with in the west . 
  that is , centralized capital control over mass media . 
  it 's original purpose and one that it was actually designed for is to judge the threat to the press from oppressive regimes that use legislative and violent means as tools of oppression . 
  essentially it 's a tool to measure direct methods of oppression . 
  it was never designed to track the indirect oppression of press through ownership control , because at the time of its creation it was assumed that legal safeguards in place in most western countries against centralization of capital control over press would prevent this from ever happening . 
  this was an incorrect assumption , as capital slowly gained enough traction to lobby and eventually repel legislation preventing consolidation of its media assets to the current state . 
  additionally also useless at tracking self-sensorship , i.e. 
  of control over press by means of propaganda directly to the press itself , making it believe what it writes . 
  you can see this in modern press worldwide as a massively rising problem , because being opinionated is culturally more acceptable in many countries today than being educated on the relevant issues . 
  changing one 's opinion based on new facts is considered a bad rather than a good thing . 
  that is how propaganda works . 
  that is how it worked on soviet side to a lesser extent and on western side to a far greater extent , taking the form of mccarthyism at its worst . 
  i will say this one more time . 
  you are genuinely out of your depth on this issue , as you are citing a simplified index as evidence of lack of problem in a completely separate and very complex issue . 
  it is not unlike a farmer citing that his vegetables are still growing in the field as evidence of lack of global warming . 
  who is `` you guys '' and what exactly am i trying to sell you here that is so shitty ? 
  or are you genuinely so simple of a person to believe that politicians in western democracies do not train intensively in art of lying to their electorate so they can peddle the agenda of their main backers ? 
  you do not comprehend the subject and are talking about press freedom from direct state censorship , which is a completely separate issue . 
   no one is attacking russia , they are the ones constantly invading europe . 
  i rest my case on your utter ignorance of the entire history of the continent and your complete inability to follow up on even one link , which concludes this discussion . 
  you can not argue with someone who revels in his utter ignorance of all relevant facts and answers with nothing but utterly idiotic one liners taken straight from mccain 's pr . 
  you seem to think that russians are leaders when it comes to peddling propaganda to the people . 
  they 're barely qualified to be apprentices in comparison to western propaganda machine . 
  they 're far more crude , and far more direct , which makes them far less believable when they 're not backed by overwhelming body of facts . 
  our political systems on the other hand forced our politicians and their servants to become experts at lying to their electorate over many decades . 
  this same experienced is equally useful at lying to those in other countries . 
   no one is cutting off russian trade amd no one is stopping them from developing infrastructure in their country either . 
  i rest my case on your utter ignorance of the subject . 
  trade sanctions have been placed on russia for a while now , as were financial sanctions that are specifically targeted at preventing them from being able to finance infrastructure development . 
  you also appear to be completely unaware of the fact that germany 's primary military objective in their campaign against ussr has been exactly that , and they almost succeeded . 
  baltic route was cut off , as was black sea route . 
  only northern route to murmansk survived , and even that was constantly under attack both on sea and land . 
  even your lack of interest in history of other countries is not excuse for your ignorance here , as your nation lost a lot of people trying to ferry materiel to ussr through the arctic and getting destroyed by luftwaffe and kriegsmarine operating from norway . 
  perhaps , but considering that most people who actually made it the name as one of the best sources for investigative journalism in the world have left , it 's not going to be even in the same ballpark . 
  that would be several hundreds of years ago , as in `` no , people currently alive did n't live in that society '' . 
  your perspective is way off . 
  it has never been far left until very recently from my point of view . 
  of course , my point of view is far left from anglo-american point of view . 
  however that is not what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm talking about exodus of investigative journalists that happened after uk government put significant pressure on the paper to get rid of them after assange and snowden leaks . 
  nowadays if i want to see material by the same people , i have to go to the intercept and in some cases al jazeera when it lets them off the leash at times . 
  it very obviously became much worse because investigative journalists that made the guardian its name and were the main reason why people like assange chose them to be the editors of their leaks have left after uk put massive pressure on the paper . 
  from north , it looks like weather is indeed hot . 
  remember the time before manning and snowden and before uk government did their shakeup of the guardian when it was a really good source of news ? 
  it 's a real shame that it became what it is today after that . 
  issue is , this was normal in europe as well , and not too long ago . 
  as in there are people alive today who could have entered into such a marriage legally in most european states . 
  it 's an issue of survival . 
  before modern medicine , survival rate for children was well below 50 % . 
  that meant women had to breed young to have a meaningful chance at producing offspring , whereas men went to build up enough wealth to support family and then find a mate ( which was usually done through family connections , as your social status was very important factor in marriage negotiations back then , far more so than it is now ) . 
  and while modern medicine managed to reduce child mortality significantly , the progress only happened in last decade or two in many developing countries , which is the places where these people come from . 
  and comments are actually being amazing and not pure cancer that youtube comments usually are . 
  no , you are talking about your prejudices and what you project based on these prejudices on reality . 
  the fact that you chose to extend your prejudice to me merely because i do not stand by your prejudices instead of attempting to argue on merits of your case is demonstrative of this . 
  if you 're not what you appear to be and are actually interested in what 's happening in the world and why it 's happening instead of just trying to advance your prejudices regardless of consequences , here 's some recommended reading for you : http://www.businessinsider.com/10-maps-that-explain-russias-strategy-2016-1?ir=t p.p.s. 
  til that having any mention of fb 's url address in your post automatically nukes the entire post , even it 's just listed in url descriptor of the link you provided as place where you came from . 
  nice filter mods . 
  look at poster 's history . 
  it 's a burner account for posting specific political angle . 
  they found their way in finland as well . 
  weird busses though , with some of the worst seating arrangement i 've seen . 
  most of our internal city transit fleets are scania and volvo , and those are much better . 
  i know that you yanks are not all that good with geography , but you do know you can just hover over the flag on my flair to find out my country of origin , right ? 
  and if you are still in doubt , you can just click my name to find out that much of my reddit activity is in fact in my native language . 
  which even the dumbest racist redneck like yourself , that apparently thinks that just being russian automatically makes any opinions held by you wrong by default should recognise as not being russian language due to its latin script . 
  you really have a way with words . 
  children throwing rocks at corpses ? 
  i suppose that 's appropriate for your angle . 
  i 'm a fan of realpolitik and world history . 
  i 'm not a fan of people who do not comprehend either and try to make complex predictions through simplifying extremely complex interstate relations to stupid one liners and other propagandist bullshit . 
  do you know why people can `` live their lives normally '' ? 
  there is one main reason for it , that being powerful local hegemons not being in military conflict with one another . 
  which in turn requires their complex relationships to be functional . 
  right now , we 're headed for dysfunctionality in those relationships , egged on by people like you - lemmings who are utterly unaware in their groupthink that they 're heading straight for the cliff . 
  in this way , you remind me of folks who participated in arab spring . 
  lots of pretty talk , lots of dreams , zero comprehension of the obvious cliff they were marching towards . 
  and now that they got what they wanted , they 're begging for old times to come back . 
  evidence for this can be found worldwide today . 
  you just clearly never experienced what it 's like to be living in warring states or cultures that are in actual war with each other after propagandists such as yourself drove the situation off the cliff for all relevant parties . 
  for sake of you and people like you , i hope that your intentions never result in the outcome they 're bound to result in should they actually get implemented . 
  and north koreans call themselves democratic . 
  their state is in fact called democratic people 's republic of korea . 
  are you suggesting that naming oneself to sound better is the same as evolving from said ideology ? 
  anyway , do you actually want to try contesting the facts that were presented to you , or are you conceding the point , minus the dirt throwing you 've done in the last post ? 
  you seem to forget that until the start of barbarossa , ussr also had the same pact with nazi germany , which destroys the foundation of your entire point . 
  you also appear to be making odd comparison between classroom human relations and relationship between sovereign states of various sizes and power levels . 
  just keep on talking . 
  i like giving people rope and watch them hang themselves on it . 
  i like the time frame you set for it . 
  post ww2 ussr + the time it took for nato to assimilate former warsaw pact states and some of the former ussr states . 
  if anything , your time frame alone is a pretty good evidence of my point . 
  strong nations can hold off outside aggressors . 
  weak nations have aggressors come to their borders and eventually attack them should an opportunity present itself . 
  right now , us led nato is building the opportunity on multiple fronts , ranging from destruction of russian buffer zone , to attempts to reduce their mad deterrent through ballistic shield to attempts to sabotage their economy through varying means . 
  right now , russia is massively overextended and very weak , ranging from having to cede territory to china recently to losing it 's buffer against potential nato aggression across europe . 
  yet there 's a lot of screaming about incoming russian invasion , with nato leadership telling us that russia will be conquering ukraine any moment now for last two years , and now that this talking point was worn out they 've switched to them conquering baltics . 
  factually false . 
  we were a part of barbarossa , a key part in wermacht 's assault on entire northern front including the blocade of leningrad . 
  not our brightest hour .
