  do share with me , how did places like entire russian far east , kaliningrad and so on got joined to russia in your amazing world where russia did n't win any conquests . 
  actually , it 's circular reasoning based on false assumption . 
  what did you get promised for your sixth birthday ? 
  stalin 's finland adventure likely was one of the key reasons why leningrad held , and so did the murmansk-leningrad supply path . 
  without the concessions he got in 1939 , germans would have a far shorter path to push through to hit this crucial supply line , which was one of the main paths through which us shipped war materiel to ussr during the war . 
  also , there 's the inconvenient fact that you addressed none of my points , and instead chose to focus on entirely different conflicts , even though your point was , and i quote :  russia never wins an offensive engagement though which puts zero onus on me to show that `` russia always wins '' , which appears to be the only claim you are trying to debunk , a claim that was never made in the first place . 
  and full onus on you to disprove my examples of the successful russian offensives . 
  i 'm not going to hold my breath . 
   to infiltrate an organization would assume the organization in question is pre-existing false . 
  no such assumption is necessary , and history is choke full of infiltrations that according to your rather odd limitations would not be such . 
  i see your point . 
  is anything being done to address this problem ? 
  syria 's jihadists are n't shia , they 're sunni . 
  if that is so , than last part makes no sense . 
  you need to have consistency . 
  a bit of a head scratcher . 
  i seem to recall quite a few great offensives , ranging from kicking the ottomans from much of the continent and suppressing the crimean tatar slavers , to rolling napoleon 's gains all the way back after he effectively conquered most of rest of europe and was viewed as unstoppable , to , well , hitler 's and nazi germany 's fate . 
  looking up the meaning of word `` infiltration '' will help you there . 
   everyone i know works to pay the bills and ca n't just stop working if they wish to ** ( well , not without seriously downgrading their standard of living , anyway ) . 
  ** do you understand that you just conceded your point ? 
  glad we agree hitler lost . 
  at least you know the history that much . 
  why did you suggest otherwise in your original post if you know this ? 
  it makes zero sense to suggest what you did if you do in fact know that hitler did not get elected into his position . 
  wales is tiny and not really survivable as a sovereign state . 
  scotland had it 's economy get shat on by low oil prices . 
  northern ireland would likely explode in another war if it were to get destabilized by intersectional fight over sovereignty . 
  england is big enough to survive , but will want to keep the union alive for prestige reasons . 
  conclusion : great britain is here to stay . 
  weimar republic did . 
  it was hitler who did n't respect his loss and arranged night of long knives to take political power . 
  and they should also have special enforcement officers for it !, 
  we solved ours here in finland actually . 
  it involved essentially government officials making a deal with their heads of clans , where things like social housing now takes in account clan feuds and such when it comes to roma people . 
  other than that , universal education combined with good social security integrated them pretty well into our societies . 
  they still have their traditional dress and everything , but they do n't have the same stigma they carry in much of south-eastern europe . 
  and without the stigma , they have far less trouble finding work , developing ethics similar to those in mainstream of society and functioning well within it . 
  uber alles ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  the first `` forward '' needs to be `` reverse '' in the last line . 
  otherwise this implies they have been driving over every single pedestrian twice . 
  i understand and agree with that . 
  but point remains that current status quo is that we overwhelmingly will , as species , try to dodge . 
  as such , reaction to this particular assessment is not going to be taken well . 
  the market typically picks the worst possible solution for everyone but one making the profit . 
  really now ? 
  calling someone supporting the concept of political wrongthink on it is trolling now ? 
  oh , they do n't emigrate . 
  they come here to finland to pull shit like scam money from rural churches and then move on once people figure out the scam . 
  cold does n't stop them . 
  we just had that make national news . 
  pretty cringe worthy read . 
  `` if you have a different opinion from me , it 's not that you have a valid opinion . 
  it 's that you 're insane '' . 
  you 're not just racist . 
  people like you are the bane of democracy . 
  i mean seriously , there was a fear here in europe about roma and criminal gangs , which is why we had the limitations within the eu for a while . 
  but canada is far enough to not really be economical to have those two groups travel for some criminality , surely ? 
  rapid assessment of dodge survival chances would be a far better option . 
  problem being that quality of this assessment is likely to be rather low . 
  overwhelming majority will make the split second decision to try to dodge the pedestrian . 
  very few are able to just crash over him/her . 
  especially if it 's a young child . 
  our psyche is very much hard-wired to protect children . 
  those who do n't are usually the ones who take their hand off the wheel and cover their face , not ones who intentionally drive over the pedestrian . 
  wait , you still do n't have visa-free travel with canada ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  read up on how scottish clans worked . 
  marrying was fairly tightly regulated and overwhelmingly local , creating a distinct ethnic differential . 
  i have in fact pointed out that it 's distinctly racist to call all englishmen `` insane '' because you do n't agree with them . 
  it 's not different than , say , calling `` all negroes stupid '' for same reasons . 
  what is considered to be an attack . 
  you found part of text that defines * targets * . 
  its saying nothing about * what is considered to be an attack * . 
  good . 
  the more trust there is among populace in ability of their own armies to defend them , the less fear there is about outside threats . 
  look up definition of racism . 
  you can in fact be racist against your own race . 
  all you need to do is to discriminate against it purely based on ethnicity , as you did . 
  this is a pretty well documented point in apartheid societies , where some portion of suppressed populace will not only accept , but assist in perpetrating racism . 
  no wonder you do n't understand basic mathematics , you think that mythical creatures are real and with us . 
  exactly my point . 
  this text has nothing on : 1 . 
  what is considered to be an attack . 
  what the response should be . 
  it was written like that on purpose , specifically to avoid dragging the main guarantor , the us into conflict against its will , while still allowing it to use nato as anti-soviet alliance in bipolar world of cold war . 
  seriously , look through the text . 
  you will not find anything that provides specific answer on the two points i raised . 
  are you sure it 's not because they 're montenegrins first ? 
  i 've seen your `` ten commandments '' , which can be summed up as `` do you feel the urge to do something ? 
  just sit down , relax and that urge will pass '' . 
  which to be honest , sounds like a really good ethos to live your life , in comparison to the hectic modern life . 
  crimea is not occupied , but annexed . 
  occupation implies that presence of sovereign power structures is against the will of the people living on the land . 
  annexation means that sovereign control has shifted to another sovereign entity entirely . 
  the whole warlike `` under siege , look for snitches '' attitude appears to be infecting people in there . 
  that is bad . 
  if anything , that is going to make any kind of peaceful resolution far harder , as people dig into their ideological trenches on both sides . 
  you have discovered one of the main arguments for brexit . 
  lack of sovereign right to negotiate trade agreements as a sovereign state .
