  or second worst offenders after georgians , as they had the second worst leader of soviet union as their national ? 
  or is it perhaps that they are not guilty of association simply because they happened to live in the said state under a brutal regime ? 
  people who exterminated the most of other people were n't psychopaths either . 
  criminal psychiatrists are actually pretty unanimous on this one . 
  the worst offenders are usually very empathetic , high functioning people , but those that are perversely convinced that they are acting for a greater cause . 
  a very good example here is is gay execution videos . 
  you 'll often see that execution is a very emotional moment for both victims and executioners . 
  executioners will often openly sympathise , hug , even cry with the victims . 
  and then they 'll throw them off the building , because their holy law demands it . 
  essentially it 's not the evil man , it 's the evil but attractive idea that makes good men do evil things that you need to fear . 
  this is a map from before 1917 ? 
  sounds like india , plus the back garden . 
  putin is a communist ? 
  do you realise that russia actually has a communist party , that is the largest opposition party ? 
   how are we supposed to feel when we see these ordinary russians celebrating the annexation of crimea i do n't know how you do things , but i usually think about things based on historic facts . 
  crimea 's transferral to ukraininan soviet socialist republic happened because of need to bribe its leadership to cement position of khruschev as a leader of soviet union . 
  people of crimea were never asked if they wanted to join ukraine . 
  transfer was done on command of soviet leadership . 
  if you are against soviet totalitarianism first and foremost , it would appear that you would have to either want restoration of pre-soviet status quo as has occurred in much of eastern europe , or at least polling of locals to find out what they want . 
  unfortunately for you , those would be against the narrative you accept as correct . 
  so i imagine this is going to cause some cognitive dissonance when you think about it from factual perspective . 
  russian communist regime was even less independent than polish regime . 
  polish regime at least had its own sovereign state . 
  russia was just an autonomous republic in soviet union . 
   they supported ussr , they created that monstrosity that taken millions of innocent lives . 
  today i learned : anti-russian shills think russians supported lenin and stalin . 
  inconvenient historic fact : lenin 's and stalin 's party lost the elections with crushing numbers . 
  picture of a person holding a `` no more mosques '' sign . 
  have mosques stopping being about spreading ideology and started being about race ? 
  this is typical aljazeera on matters of islamisation of the western states . 
  expect conflation of `` race '' and `` religion '' and pretending that discriminating because of a death cult that seeks the destruction of the western way of life is the same thing as discriminating based on race . 
  reminder : you can choose what religion you follow , be it a death cult of islamism , or any of the more peaceful religions , or even atheism . 
  you can also choose to change religion you are following ( though in case of islam , you face a threat of death from islamists if you do so ) . 
  you can not choose what race you are born into . 
  nor can you convert into a different race . 
  which is why racism is indeed bad - it makes assumptions about people based on something they can not choose and that has no link to one 's ideological leanings . 
  on the other hand , making assumptions based on ideology people espouse is anything but . 
  if someone is willingly following a religion that advocates destruction of western way of life as a core tenet of its dogma , it 's only natural to try to stop that person from spreading this religion in the west . 
  that is normal self-preservation in action . 
  but it was . 
  it was the radical left collaborating with industrialist right that implemented their current immigration scheme for example . 
  we had malaria before . 
  it was eradicated through systemic efforts . 
  relevant ( though not very accurate , because it was eliminated earlier , but who decided to attach some central asian states to `` european state '' umbrella to help with funding ) : http://www.euro.who.int/en/media-centre/sections/press-releases/2016/04/from-over-90-000-cases-to-zero-in-two-decades-the-european-region-is-malaria-free this suggests that malaria is coming back , which implies that state structures in greece have weakened to the point where prophylactic measures are no longer sufficient to keep malaria out . 
  the bbc story collaborates this :  domestic cases were first reported four years ago - nearly four decades after the disease was wiped out in greece . 
   budget cuts saw municipal spraying schemes to combat mosquito-borne diseases being cut back . 
  this is n't about global warming . 
  it 's about municipalities no longer having the funds to keep spraying insecticide . 
  today i learned that finland is n't in eu , but norway and swizerland are . 
  not to rain on your parade , but romania is anything but a shining beacon of hope when it comes to dealing with corrupt state systems . 
  especially considering the sheer volume of effort that was thrown at the problem from eu 's side . 
  if anything , it demonstrates just how difficult it is to fight systemic corruption once it takes hold in the system . 
  general state prosecution office is usually going to be one of the most corrupt places in an oligarchy , because oligarch would need to make sure that his/her interests would be safe from state prosecution . 
  most people usually support the anti-corruption activities simply because they are n't the benefactors of corruption - they are the victims of it . 
  problem is that benefactors of corruption are the people that hold power . 
  and in this case , they 're also geopolitically allied with powerful foreign interests ( in your case , with either one or both of the major foreign interests in your country ) which reinforces their positions against people in the country . 
  there are no easy solutions here . 
  hmm , last ones were in libya i believe ? 
  tongue in cheek , but you were asking for it . 
  us would never let them , because that would set a precedence on freedom of navigation that would absolutely eviscerate its own needs in other regions in relation to the same thing . 
  flight of the young to richer places is endemic across eastern europe , and oligarchy seems to be almost universal as well . 
  this is one thing that baltics really managed to mostly dodge - massive rise of pervasive oligarchy so common in most of the former ssrs . 
  well done on that one guys . 
  real life is very much unlike these photos . 
  it 's dirty and far less picturesque . 
  you can find it in most of those very poor eastern european states in rural , rarely visited areas . 
  no pretty dresses or heels , lots of old worn out clothing , ramshackle housing with no running water and spotty electricity coverage if any , dirt roads and animals pulling carts . 
  not really a place to go as a tourist . 
  rarther than being afraid for your organs , the major threat in those extremely poor eastern european states is usually trafficking into slavery , typically into western europe . 
  as i recall , report on moldova on the issue was espeically damning . 
  to be fair , baltics basically traded the sponsor . 
  dependency on the foreign military empire keeping troops on their soil remains . 
  the only thing that changed is the chevrons . 
  http://11book.ru/9-klass/212-istoriya/1314-istoriya-rossii-9-klass-danilov-kosulina relevant page is 315 . 
  not only does it not suggest anything of the sort , it correctly points out that this was the seminal event which caused severe friction with socialist allies like china , romania and yugoslavia and forced ussr leadership to increase integration efforts . 
  so at least their history books are not peddling the silly narrative found in that movie . 
  no , that was soviet union . 
  i dare you to try to peddle the claim that it was `` soviet russia '' to any credible historian , especially when leader at the helm at the time was a ukrainian national . 
  different interests . 
  polish governments interests were aligned with soviet ones at a time . 
  romanian were n't modern poles like to whitewash it by saying `` russians made us do it '' and then blame russians . 
  hilariously , they do not allow the same excuse to be used for russians , even through it well documented in history that regime in soviet union was far more oppressive toward its citizenry than polish was towards poles at the time . 
  this appears to imply that russians did n't live under communist regime ? 
  romania and yugoslavia were n't ussr 's satellites per se in that period . 
  tito did n't send any forces either . 
  it 's not just that . 
  it was a seminal event for china , romania and yugoslavia to significantly cool relations . 
  it resulted in ussr leadership very much reconsidering its efforts in its satellite states and push for more integration to avoid having more of this kind of a diplomatic disasters in the future . 
  hitler was right ? 
  you can hate the politics , but hating the entire ethnicity ? 
  in conclusion : russian men are still drinking themselves to death , but at least fuck enough before dying to get close to replenishment rate . 
  baltics are still losing people to eu migration . 
  ukraine is still losing people to everyone . 
  central asian ssrs still get a massive drain to russia for work . 
  and generally the more west you go , the less people breed . 
  which is rather explainable by the fact the emigration is about young people leaving , and they 're the ones who do lion 's share of breeding . 
  conclusion : baltics really need to do something about free movement of people in eu and economic potential at home , or they wo n't have any young people left to have a functional state in a century or so at this rate . 
  russia really needs to do something about its men drinking problem or it will never go natural replenishment levels . 
  ukraine is fucked regardless in largely same way as russia , but it far less attractive to immigrate to due to weaker economy . 
  and central asians basically have the same problem with russia as baltics have with eu .
