  your very survival instinct should keep you immune to it . 
  historically , islamic states attacked christendom continously for almost the entire existence of that religion . 
  things like cordoba caliphate , takeover of jerusalem ( which was what triggered the crusades ) and ottoman conquest were things that continued until world war one . 
  it was only after age of sail which was born out of necessity after islamists severed christendom 's access to silk road , and massive riches it resulted in that islamist threat was thrown out of most of europe . 
  for most of the last millenium , europe was effectively under siege by islamic world . 
  it 's also worth noting that islam is that exceptional religion that does n't go well with any other religion . 
  christians are at least `` second class citizens in islamist aparheid state '' . 
  hindus and buddhists are n't even that . 
  muslims are commanded to put polytheists to death whenever possible . 
  india-pakistan split makes for an excellent example of this issue . 
  til : i have ability pre-emptively influence people 's naming habits on reddit . 
  by that logic , the obvious question is `` who are you to be important enough for me to reveal information about myself '' ? 
  if there was hard evidence of speculation , speculators would have severe problems making money . 
  that 's the entire point of speculation , uncertainty which has a true goal known to the speculator only . 
  so after many announcements about it , why was that one special ? 
  uk government literally do not yet have the goals outlined , which is why they 're stalling with starting the negotiations . 
  they need to first agree what they themselves want out of it , and their negotiable and non-negotiable points . 
  do you at all understand the topic being discussed ? 
  we seem to be having a severe problem with you comprehending the points raised , both here and in this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56yux8/revealed_the_best_and_worst_countries_to_be_a/d8ntxja, 
   that has got to be a massive exaggeration and just ridiculous . 
  i was n't suggesting for women to get preferential treatment over men , cus that 's sexism . 
  that is in fact exactly what you did :  it means the government is n't doing enough to push girls into political jobs . 
  nature is sexist and we need government to at least attempt to correct it . 
  swedish government has in fact moved to correct this `` problem '' , mostly by illegally discriminating against local men in favour of women , minorities and so on . 
  that is literally the way system works in sweden , and increasing amount of people are blowing the whistle on it . 
  there was a very good documentary on firemen hiring quotas for example , example being so frightening because there was an effort to do the illegal `` diversity hires '' in spite of the fact that crucial service of firefighting quality was getting threatened . 
  not only is this not a `` hyperbole '' , but this is something that has already been happening for a while , even in critical services required for baseline functioning of society , weakening these services in the process . 
   so the swedish muslim girls are `` projecting '' their social norms onto their nearby community ? 
  i will assume you 're quite bad at english , and simply did n't comprehend the point being raised . 
  consider asking someone near you that is fluent in english to explain it to you in your native language . 
  in real life on the other hand , even the guardian says that people like you who pretend the problem does n't exist are the problem : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jan/13/sex-assaults-sweden-stockholm-music-festival you know you 're in the wrong when you 're supposedly `` anti- [ ] phobia '' and the guardian publishes things that tell you that you 're harming the cause . 
   the people are still elected you know ? 
  the entire point of quotas is to `` rig the elections '' . 
  that is the point of having quotas - normal `` election process '' does n't serve the interests you 're pursuing , so you want to bypass or rig it to enact change, 
  yes , i 've seen the hysteria among the hyperbolic idiots on the streets . 
  then people got over the `` outrage of the moment '' and got on with their lives . 
  you appear to have missed that memo . 
  over nine thousand . 
  stalin was georgian , and that is his strategy . 
  what is `` eu citizenship '' and where can i get it ? 
  boaty mcboatface sees your votes and weeps . 
  vote was a long time ago . 
  triggering of negotiations is sometime before march next year , announcement of which was also long ago . 
  there was no seminal event for this particular `` reaction '' to `` react '' to . 
  that is true . 
  smaller economies like that of my country are inherently weaker against speculators because less effort is necessary to cause notable fluctuations . 
  this is a show of force resulting from freeing of capital controls . 
  speculators have grown powerful enough to shake even an economy size of uk as a fairly routine event . 
  it 's not the `` well managed '' part that makes it exceptional . 
  it 's the size of the economy affected . 
  during cold war , we had severe capital controls in place , which completely blocked this kind of activity . 
  at the end of cold war , these were relaxed in stages , and eventually largely dismantled . 
  this in turn allowed speculator funds to grow in size , and now they are strong enough to affect even an economy as large as uk . 
  user name checks out . 
  which happen suddenly , with no events actually occurring to trigger said `` reaction '' . 
  hint : word `` reaction '' has a definition . 
  so it 's a good idea to push those who are less suitable into leadership positions , where they can do severe damage to the society . 
  all in the name of what ? 
  fake equality , where people see any woman in those roles as `` probably another diversity hire '' and do n't take her seriously ? 
   it means the government is n't doing enough to push girls into political jobs . 
  nature is sexist and we need government to at least attempt to correct it . 
  this is a great example of the `` person who is utterly disconnected from reality '' . 
  `` i do n't like how humans as species are , therefore it 's governments job to fix this thing i think is a problem '' . 
  we have some really good examples of people like you getting what they want . 
  it usually involved mass purges , and severe degradation of living conditions for almost everyone . 
  we 're in preliminary stages of this in much of the western world . 
  modern feminism pushing men out of jobs with quotas and demands , which results in women being unhappy because they either can not find a working man to marry , or find their husband in a situation where he is unable to provide for the family , and woman is forced to do the soulless nine to five job instead of pursuing her dreams . 
  which notably is likely one of the main reasons why women do persistently elect men into office , and why feminism is increasingly a toxic word outside elite circles within our society . 
   what an utter pile of crap . 
  sweden 's muslim population is like 3 % . 
  girls would probably be less than half of that and girls treated like what you describe are half that again . 
  so it is still the best place for women , judging by the fact that only around 0.5 % of girls would face what you speak about . 
  you appear to think that these people live in a self-contained vacuum , separated from society , and do not , for example , project their sexual norms on girls not within their immediate community . 
  you are wrong . 
  which was so exceptional , it stayed a unique case decades . 
  until now . 
  that 's what happens when you try to force the lid on the boiling water to stay tightly shut . 
  pressure builds up , and then you get idiocy like that . 
  and yet , we know for a fact that one of the collapses was in fact not just speculation , but a computer error that occurred as a part of said speculation . 
  empty rhetoric considering may already said that she will trigger the negotiations by the end march of next year . 
  i guess that 's just the part of messaging their fellow bankers `` they 're still in agreement that brexit is bad for banking '' . 
  in reality on the other hand , this is simply a demonstration of the fact of just how powerful speculators on the market have become . 
  `` there 's a bit of doubt about this country , let 's cash in on the currency fluctuations '' . 
  used to work only on small states . 
  now it works on uk sized economy . 
  you heard it here first folks . 
  probably last too . 
  desperate backpedalling on your own statements without admitting to them being false . 
  `` guys , the protoslavic tribes have nothing to do with slavs !, 
  really !, 
  please , listen and believe ! '', 
  your desperation in narrative spinning is starting to show . 
  not the least in the fact that you suddenly did n't press that downward arrow as you pressed `` save '' , this time . 
  i 'm still being surprised that anyone would be so desperate to peddle a narrative to deny that tatars depopulated conquered peoples significantly . 
  and here we have it folks . 
  the crimean tatar slavers did n't essentially enslave all locals when they conquered it , and did n't sell them off to ottomans . 
  it just did n't happen . 
  because one ignoramus says so . 
  overwhelming historic evidence to contrary be damned . 
  got ta say , the `` does this person downvote the post he disagrees with '' shapes to be a really good litmus test for `` does this person have anything to say that is worth listening to '' on reddit .
