  which is rather saddening . 
  not at all . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that within a democracy , legislative branch is the one tasked with legislating . 
   no matter what muslims want in sweden they will never be able to implement policies that stand against the very nature of the swedish constitution and law . 
  notably , the choice of words of yours is extremely naive to the point where i find myself wondering about your age . 
  `` never '' ? 
  i 'm willing to bet you a stack of cash from here to the sun against a single eurocent that implementation of policies that are `` against the very nature of current swedish constitution and law '' will be in fact be implemented some time in the future , likely during my lifetime . 
  do you know why ? 
  because that bet can not be lost unless something cataclysmic that wiped out sweden completely happens . 
  social norms change quite rapidly over time . 
  consider homosexuality and its legal status , act being criminal quite recently , and widely legally and societally punished and now being widely accepted as equal to heterosexual relationship in sweden . 
  so unless you 're arguing that `` a few generations equals never '' , your argument is absurd to the extreme . 
  and islamism 's subversiveness lies in its uniquely high ability to enact changes to societal fabric of the state it 's infiltrating , subverting the state while keeping it relatively docile toward islamism itself . 
  my hope is that this process is going to be reversible without `` time to purge the evil outsiders '' reaction that will be just as natural among those used to not treating people like cattle meeting with brutal reality of islam 's basic tenets and how they function in reality as it is among the islamists today . 
  considering the history of said religion and it 's current actions across the world and the way it interacts with local cultures it subverts , i suspect your chances of finding this out through personal experience during your lifetime are remarkably high if your flair matches your living location . 
  examples from other countries and history , where muslims stay out of politics and appear generally * relatively * harmless until they have enough power to push through islamisation policies . 
  there 's a reason i referenced anatolia in my initial post . 
  suggesting that [ completely different ideology ] does not work in the same way as an attempt to form an analogy is rather pointless , as you are in fact talking about [ completely different ideology ] . 
  the realization that you 're missing is that muslims largely do n't vote yet . 
  this is because of cultural aspects that block them from participating in a heretical system . 
  so their portion of total population is growing , and yet their distinct cultural angle is almost entirely absent from the politics . 
  instead it takes that insidiously subversive `` support progressives hating local culture '' - aspect , and many of the islamists you mention actually get votes from progressive locals , rather than muslims . 
  the sad reality is that when you are as extreme as modern sweden , actual shifts tend to be very rapid , due to internal built in pressure for change . 
  this often results in changes overshooting the target . 
  that 's why we 're seeing the supposed `` anti racists '' and their insane stretching of policies be the main drive of rise of actual racism across europe . 
  because when you start from point that is at the very edge of the extreme , inertia will rapidly shift people to the other extreme without stopping somewhere in the middle . 
  we have a lot of historic evidence for this . 
  and sweden is n't anywhere near starting a real change , much less acting on it . 
  you 're just seeing some tiny bones thrown from propaganda shrines without releasing any of the pressure , just because denial of reality that went on for decades is becoming increasingly difficult . 
  at the same time , there 's massive doubling down on the collective lying that has been prevalent in sweden 's public sphere for decades . 
  for lack of better descriptor , this kind of political agenda is essentially religion within specific spheres , and its basic tenets can not be debated - doing so is heresy and anyone trying to debate them is to be branded a heretic and apostate and banished . 
  when we see this dam break , we 're going to see a rapid shift and a complete change . 
  whether that occurs before of after islamic community forms a voting and power block of sufficient power to enact change similar to one that occurred in anatolia , or if this can still be stopped is going to be the nordic thriller of this century . 
  when you take a step from the very edge , it may look like a major step to you . 
  it looks like you 're still pretty on the edge for those sitting far away from the edge . 
  got ta say , it 's adorable to watch someone type out an explanation on why propaganda is not quite propaganda , even though even its history is history of original intent of creating media - propagandizing people . 
   the danes basically invented the modern wind turbine and so have both national pride and also economic desire ( vesatas ) to show how great wind can be . 
  actually it likely has more with the fact that their initial actions that drove cost of electricity up basically purged their country of heavy industry . 
  that resulted in less industry that actually needed reliable grid to function . 
   the interconnects with other countries are what is keeping many european countries which have high wind power built working . 
  correct . 
  that means that any significant political shakeup on the continent , or any kind of local issue that would cause need for focusing energy on local market means that these countries are done for . 
  we 've already seen this with bird flu vaccines . 
  countries that gave up vaccine manufacturing capability could barely secure doses just for their ruling elite and medical personnel , and general population was exposed for several months until all countries that did have manufacturing capacity inoculated enough of local populace to allow for exports . 
  energy like any strategic resource is always a prime target for export restrictions when local need spikes . 
  that is why you need sufficient domestic production to keep the country running regardless . 
  here in finland for example , we have an entire government agency specifically dedicated to this task which stockpiles things and manages emergency agreements with various industries within the country . 
  i 'm quite certain that most countries have similar bureaucratic structures . 
  they 're simply too important for survival of the state not to be present . 
   you present norway 's hydro power matched with denmark 's wind as a bad thing . 
  no , i 'm presenting that having a grid tethering on the brink in spite of massive subsidies and that has no ability to be self sufficient whatsoever is a material for disaster when political or economic status quo is disrupted . 
  historically countries that had this kind of dependency rarely survived as independent countries in long term . 
   every country should build wind to match it 's hydro power available and use their hydro as storage . 
  you make it sound so easy . 
  reality is the exact opposite . 
  amount of suitable geography is very limited , and hydro storage building is one of the most destructive forms of nature alteration we use . 
   it 's not the danes fault they essentially have no hills they can do this with . 
  energy in the grid does not care for `` fault '' . 
  it merely cares about balance . 
  fault lies within politicians who make decisions based on naivete and lack of expertise . 
  essentially people like you , who use idealistic wishful thinking with little understanding of reality in place of rational consideration with deep understanding of reality are needed as goal setters . 
  in this role , people like you are extremely important , because realists like me tend to be too conservative with what we already have . 
  we need the prodding and pushing . 
  but we also need to be allowed to work within confines of reality and facts it sets . 
  in this regard , people like you are also extremely destructive when in positions of actual decision makers and executors of said decisions , as when they override factual problems with idealistic and well-meaning wishful thinking , you get denmark 's crisis . 
   unfortunately co2 is rather more invideous and global . 
  there 's another thing that most alarmists fail to mention . 
  it 's also really slow to change environment . 
  there 's a reason why much of the co2 campaigning has been hyperbolically alarming . 
  we are very bad at dealing with rapid changes , which is why we get a very rapid emotional response to this rhetoric . 
  but we 're also very good as species at adapting to slow change that takes centuries to affect significant change , such as global warming or ice age . 
  for much of northern europe , harmful effects of increase of co2 are likely to be trumped by benefits for at least another 50 years . 
  much of fennoscandia is going to be rising out of the sea faster than sea level rise at least until that date ( according to most extreme predictions which have always been wildly off to date , with median typically being far closer to reality ) . 
  at the same time as climate is warming , we 're experiencing longer fertile summers , opening up of arctic with all its resources and eventually rapid maritime access to east asia bypassing middle east and straight of malacca entirely . 
  as it progresses , it also overall decreases heating needed for these same regions , as was seen in winter of 2014-2015 . 
  as species , we 're really good at adapting to slow change , and global warming is a typical slow change . 
  that 's the good part about our future - it 's quite bright , especially here closer to arctic than to equator and where ground is still rising from being depressed during last ice age . 
  regions closer to equator , and low laying regions will likely be adversely affected , unlike us , as is the trend right now . 
  in europe , that 's pretty much dutch lowlands and some parts of atlantic coast . 
  these regions will need help preparing . 
  rest of the regions need to prepare to take advantage of the global warming , and nordics by large already are , as is shown in the arctic territorial claims . 
  at the same time we need to take measures to slow global warming down enough so it remains slow and relatively predictable - the kind of an event that we 're so well suited to adapt to as species . 
   blackouts are almost non existing you 're thinking backwards as far as grid is concerned . 
  it 's easy to have `` almost no blackouts '' . 
  because that means you can have blackouts , and as such , who cares if you blow your grid every once in a while ( on grid company end ) . 
  that 's much of developing world , where you ca n't trust that you will be getting stable output of electricity , and have to have expensive local power backup . 
  in developed world , in last few decades it 's a gold standard that you have no such events , and that blackouts are something you never get unless something catastrophic happens , and even rolling blackouts and brownouts are unheard of outside extreme cases and less developed regions . 
  this enables economic activity that relies on stable electric feed , and is one of the major competitive advantages of developed economies in comparison to developing ones . 
  we 'll probably need less power from sweden . 
  essentially we import during winter from three locations : sweden ( mostly their leftover hydro when needed ) , russia ( mostly sosnovy bor nuclear under contract , it also allows us to essentially finance keeping sosnovy bor reactors up to date ) and estonia ( from aforementioned stations - two of those were built by a finnish company in the first place and then we laid a cable over gulf of finland so they could export this energy to us ) . 
  we also have interconnect with norway , but capacity of that interconnect is marginal in comparison to others if i remember correctly . 
  imports from norway mostly get pushed through swedish grid for geographical reasons . 
  1600mw of the new reactor unit will make us require significantly less imports during coldest period of winter . 
  situation in russia last year was likely also transient , and i recall reading that they were preparing to start several hundreds of megawatts of additional capacity fairly close to crimea to help alleviate power shortage there , which means that their grid will likely have surplus to export to us again when needed . 
  it has to do with way energy can not be stored within the grid . 
  what happened in denmark is that politicians who did n't understand this implemented their current disastrous policies . 
  they made same layman assumption of `` surely if we 're balanced over long time , it 's going to be fine ? '', 
  here 's a thing with electric grid . 
  input and output in it must be balanced at all times . 
  this is a very delicate balancing act , because if you have input that is less than output for any significant amount of time , you have a grid blackout .
