  even if he is a foreign minister in a country that in fact survived two wars with the country in question . 
  he 's `` naive '' and you know better . 
  finally i do n't think you joined nato because you 're `` pesky nationalists '' . 
  while nationalist resurgence was significant factor in estonia ever since you regained your independence , i think you joined because based on your history , you made a choice to side with a devil that is far away to ward off devil that is close by . 
  other half of it was likely a part of anchoring your country in `` western '' umbrella further . 
  this is an argument commonly peddled here in finland as well and routinely dismissed by most on merits . 
  frankly , considering the circumstances , i find your choice foolish but understandable . 
  even in 2000s , the way baltics treated russia and their russian minorities seemed to be mostly dominated by fear , even through it seemed to be slowly giving way to integration as generational shift produced less frightened estonians and more european russians . 
  your angle suggests that this direction has failed , and divisions within estonia have only grown wider . 
  current belligerence on the other hand strikes me as pure stupidity , both internally and externally . 
  the only ones benefiting are hardline nationalists who feed on the uncertainty and reactions of each state to gain even more support for even harder policies , which feeds into even more conflict . 
  considering your fullhearted support for it , i have to draw an assumption that you are in fact a hardline nationalist and fear that like in some other european countries , hardline militant nationalism has entered mainstream in estonia . 
  i just find it sad that you choose to pointedly ignore the historic precedent i quoted you of the country you choose to forge a military alliance with in the name of supposed `` rights of a small state to sovereignty '' utterly ignore sovereignty of a sovereign state to this very date . 
  and then wonder why i call you a military supremacist . 
  hint : there is a pretty large foreign policy spectrum between `` we lick your boots '' and `` we are ready to try blitzkrieg against you again on a moment 's notice with a help of our big friend here , better be ready '' . 
  normal people generally see it . 
  military supremacists such as yourself do not . 
  the worrying part which i stated was in the fact that you clearly do not see yourself as such in spite of being clearly in the `` either we threaten them or they will overrun us '' state of mind in relation to this issue . 
  this was not present in estonia in 2000s , when i had a pleasure of working there . 
  that is outside specific small circles , which appeared to have been self-aware enough of themselves being on the fringe of society . 
  it 's unfortunate that instead of reconciliation , estonia appears to have gone towards full blown societal conflict instead . 
  it looks like that very thing that everyone from eu commission at the time to our own foreign minister was warning you about came to be . 
  and that is really unfortunate for all of us . 
  reminds of me that old eminem music video , where eminem plays the `` devil '' and another rapper `` angel '' sides of conscience , and man walks in on his wife having sex with another man . 
  `` angel '' side suggests that there 's a good explanation for this and eminem goes `` what , she tripped , fell , landed on his dick ? '', 
  sounds about as hilariously legit as explanation here . 
  you appear to think that relation of large country to small country can be based on `` respect '' after you literally spit in their face on multiple occasions . 
  not terribly surprisingly , russians react rather badly to things like moving memorials of the war which cost them so much . 
  as a point of comparison , you may look to reactions from jewish organisations to similar efforts in some countries . 
  you 'll find them to be quite similar in nature . 
  you seem to be a big fan of us . 
  allow me to present you with exhibit a of similar behaviour practiced by a sovereign state towards us , which ended very poorly : cuba . 
  they were fully within their sovereign rights to empower a government accepted by majority of the people over us supported dictatorship . 
  they were fully within their rights to choose weapon systems to place on their soil . 
  reality was that a much larger sovereign state that was their neighbour ( notably not even a state that had a common border , just a state that was located close enough to view regime change and weapon placement threatening ) resulted in a war , territorial occupation and trade blockade that persists until today in violation of essentially every treaty related to sovereign rights in existence . 
  us simply ignores them as a regional hegemon as it sees fit . 
  cause ? 
  bad political choices made by the small country in question . 
  when you are a small country that has a huge border with a big country , expecting to be treated as equals in geopolitics is folly and a sign of utter ignorance of reality . 
  you need to comprehend the difference and politically maneuvre in accordance with your strengths and weaknesses . 
  this is the same for every small country that sits in the close proximity of a large one , be they neighbours of russia , us , china or any other major regional hegemon . 
  regardless , it 's very visible that estonian virulent nationalism has gotten worse than what it was in 2000s , which is the time when i had experience with it . 
  at least back then people i talked to acknowledged their racism and prejudice , and agreed that it was n't a good thing . 
  the argument was that it was a necessity , and there was hope that it would get better in future generations . 
  now it 's apparently morphed to `` these people we 're oppressing on structural level should just bend over and not even dare voice dissent , else it 's pure sedition '' . 
  if you even for a moment think that finns and swedes lack conflict in their relations , i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  they were the people who spend centuries literally raping our land and people ( we 're talking crusades here , real ones ) , and after russians finally tossed them out , swedish elite which remained in political power due to large autonomy granted to us by tsarist russia spent another century trying to violently suppress finnish nationalist movement which advocated for fairly basic things like allowing finnish language to even be used in state institutions . 
  to this day , swedish nationalism lives on , to the point of some of their regions actually intentionally accepting refugees just so they can mark them as `` swedish speakers '' on sensus , which allows regions to not offer services in finnish . 
  after which they are promptly advised to move to helsinki so they do n't put a strain on local services . 
  the reason why this is allowed is not particular amount of love for swedes . 
  to this day , the fight for nationalist and linguistic heritage of two distinct cultures and religions defines much of debate . 
  the difference is that we choose not to systemically oppress the other ethnicity on structural level in spite of our rather pained history , because we understand that in spite of it , it 's more important to have a peaceful and cohesive society . 
  even if parts of the movement advocate open separatism , as happens in \u00c5land today . 
  it 's the same reason why we allowed for finns from inkeri region to return , in spite of knowing that they would bring a large amount of their likely russian exteneded families alongside them . 
  in the end , they are still our people . 
  overall , i do n't think i can reach you . 
  you appear too far gone in your nationalist convictions of hardline military supremacy as the best guarantor of security and complete lack of tolerance for dissenting opinions . 
  allright , i do n't know who you are , but you are clearly clueless . 
  we had specific classes for students from african countries that had weak english skills to brush them up on them asap to get them studying . 
  notably we had similar programme for those who had short math in lyceum to get them up to speed on math and so on . 
  this was not unusual in any way . 
  on lyceum ( which is what second degree education is actually called here ) : http://www.minedu.fi/opm/verkkouutiset/2014/01/koulutustarjonta.html?lang=fi quoting finnish ministry of education : in 2012 , only 18,3 % of people did n't get at least second degree education ( i.e. 
  lyceum or vocational training comparable to it ) . 
  i have no idea who you are and what is the axe you have to grind with finnish education system , but could you please stop pulling numbers and claims out of your ass ? 
  during my time at university , i had a lot of foreign exchange student friends . 
  of them , i can only recally one that wanted to find employment and could not . 
  all others who tried seeking it found it . 
  some of them were master 's students like me , some were going for their doctorate . 
  not everyone found employment that fit their profession . 
  as in some went to work for rovio , nokia , and so on , while some that were looking for a side job because they were n't far in their studies got same jobs that rest of us got - cleaning and so on . 
  doctorate students generally got employed by university itself , because the jobs they did were highly specialized and difficult . 
  current recession likely hit those job opportunities , but it hit them for everyone . 
  that is obvious and given . 
  as noted , knowing local language is an advantage for obvious and self evident reasons . 
  and when you 're in a situation where country is in recession , with a large amount of extremely well educated and experienced workforce being laid off , even a minor blemish on your cv is going to disqualify you from getting hired . 
  but this has nothing to do with `` surviving without finnish '' that you are talking about . 
  however those courses are just right to provide you with language skills necessary for a person with master 's degree to communicate in english with other professionals in his/her field on complex array of topics . 
  which is what we 're talking about here . 
  notably i also took a course in discussion course , which was specifically aimed at training language skills to make complex presentations and lectures , which we had a native speaker take part in and struggle . 
  notably same goes for exit exams for a-level languages , which is a requirement to pass with good grade to get into university in the first place . 
  native speakers actually struggle to get top grade in those exams . 
  universities on the other hand have mandatory english classes which are required to get your degree , and offer a large curriculum of non-mandatory courses on top of those . 
  even polytechnic universities , like one i was in had a separate language faculty , and courses offered were diverse . 
  as someone who had a lot of dealings with foreign exchange students back when i was in university , i can vouch that you can in fact survive without knowing a word of finnish , and you can get hired without knowing a word of finnish . 
  it 's advantageous to know finnish in finland , certainly . 
  but it 's not necessary for foreign students in any way . 
  working language in many local high tech companies is in fact english , simply because that 's what most of the clients use . 
  it 's because it increases perceived value of their degree . 
  english not that good ? 
  really ? 
  they start teaching it in third grade and generally everyone but a handful of exceptions is able to converse in basic english . 
  many of us are fluent in it , especially those that ever went to a university . 
  how does that even work ? 
  fascism is a policy of corporate rule integrated into the government . 
  it 's base principles are at direct odds with base principles of left movement . 
  you mean `` militant leftism '' perhaps ? 
  he 's a trucker . 
  they take foul language to an art form , since that 's pretty much all they can do for fun in those long days of work . 
  since this is getting into really long essays of `` i do n't understand what we 're doing wrong '' , i 'll try to make this reasonably short while addressing two key issues . 
  issue : `` estonia is not antagonizing russia and actually wants good relationship with russia '' .
