  in fact , interviewer even provides a specific quote of the promise . 
  the inquiry is not on the topic of promise being made , but on the topic of this promise being discussed further . 
  viewing entire ethnic group as a monolith and suggesting that their specific attitudes are dependent on ethnicity is a definition of `` racism '' . 
  that would be what nationalists like to believe , since they do n't like ethnic minorities in general . 
  in reality , it 's the exact opposite . 
  those who do n't want to integrate want more people from the same minority , because the more `` fresh blood '' you have , the higher chance of maintaining your own identity as more people means more viable community . 
  only someone utterly ignorant would suggest this to be `` strange '' . 
  nationalists do not want outsiders because of their nationalist ideology . 
  local ethnic minority does not want outisiders from the same ethnicity but with somewhat divergent culture because it reinforces that divergence and hence makes it harder to said minority to integrate . 
  this is almost universal across the board . 
  for example , there was a massive support for limiting immigration from local iraqis who migrated here during the 90s . 
  overwhelming majority of those who walked through the entire europe to finland in the current migration wave were iraqis , because apparently smugglers advertised that we treat iraqis better than others . 
  many among those who migrated here two decades ago in much smaller numbers than the current wave have typically established themselves as well as they could . 
  they have no interest in sabotaging the continuation of their own acclimation to the local culture by having a massive amount of immigrants from their own country suddenly flood it . 
  some will certainly support it . 
  typically those who have not integrated at all and want to just create a small state of their own within a state . 
  but those who are more or less successful will generally drive for less immigration to improve their chances . 
  first of all , merkel 's words last year coupled with increasing drought in central africa triggered a huge migration wave in central africa . 
  those people take time to cross african continent , and many of them will perish on the way until smugglers establish decently safe routes by paying off all local african leadership and militias . 
  you can expect this to be the next major wave later this year or some time next year , unless radical measures in mediterranean are taken . 
  that 's why european diplomats are talking to folks like sudanese , who are on the path of this migratory wave . 
  second problem being the fact that we have a huge mass of undocumented people who have no real prospects , and who come from extremely violent , mysoginist , homophobic and generally outsider hating culture . 
  they 're here , and they 're not going anywhere . 
  they 'll be likely serving criminal underworld , which was generally suppressed in europe through social programs and cultural advancements . 
  these people being complete outsiders have neither of the influences , and are ripe pickings for any criminal element looking for more hands , be it in kidnappings , robbing , drug smuggling or murder for hire . 
  none of these things are unusual in places where these people come from . 
  so at this point , even if we completely halt the migration , we 're most definitely going to be feeling the impact of the massive wave that hit us last year got years to come . 
  you may wish to read the whole story behind the map : http://www.businessinsider.com/5-maps-that-explain-chinas-strategy-2016-1?r=us&amp;ir=t&amp;ir=t, 
  yes , but increases are focused around the wealthy areas of the coast . 
  not inland . 
  as a result , relation stays the same . 
  http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/568d3254e6183e46258b4b03-1200/income-by-province.jpg notably this is china 's longstanding historic issue , dating back thousands of years . 
  every time china rose to power , this economic split occurred , and every time it occurred , it tore the country apart in long term . 
  they 're currently facing the same issue today . 
  it 's likely the single largest security challenge china is facing long term after its demographics problem . 
  no , those claims were made by lockheed martin engineers who design the us engines . 
  not russian ones . 
  russian team were just there standing looking smug after the aforementioned test firing , which did the talking for them . 
  and really , you find talking to me more rewarding than blowjobs ? 
  i 'm honoured and disturbed by your priorities at the same time . 
  when they repave their roads to not have red asphalt i imagine . 
  those commies !, 
  i 'd take a boaty mcboatface city any day . 
  except that this is not `` old and outdated technology '' , it 's the `` cutting edge technology that lockheed martin 's space division has been sinking massive amounts of capital into to get it working when produced in us '' . 
  but hey , you 're the expert here and some of the best aerospace engineers in both us and russia are clearly utter idiots in comparison . 
  i 'm only confused about one thing . 
  why are you here on reddit wasting time , when you could spend this time getting blowjobs from beautiful women with just a tiny portion of the consulting fees you could be earning from the said company ? 
  that 's the ultimate goal of engineering . 
  the opposite , which you appear to suggest being excellent is `` expensive technology that does n't work '' . 
  lockheed martin engineers would know about that too . 
  i think jesus would like to have stern words with you . 
  chinese on coast earned more than most russians ( or for that matter chinese ) for quite a while now . 
  in russia , high income is mostly focused around moscow , and to lesser extent st. petersburg . 
  rest of the country is far poorer . 
  in china , same is true for coastal areas . 
  but those house far greater portion of population of china than those two cities house of population of russia in comparison . 
  so considering the inflation they had during last two years , this makes perfect sense . 
  you should share that with engineers from lockheed martin that were present at test firing of relevant engines to see if they could be used on us lifters . 
  they clearly need to learn from your expertise . 
  after all , their words were among the lines of `` we did n't think this kind of engine was even feasible in near future , much less being built and working 30 years ago . 
  we 'll need to have a serious discussion about our priorities '' . 
  what happened to traditional `` puskaryss\u00e4 '' ? 
  honour your traditions younglings !, 
  only when sufficiently drunk . 
  otherwise they 're too talkative . 
  and pole delivers the finishing blow . 
  as a point of comparison , men of conscription age in finland who have n't done their mandatory military service can only get a passport for 6 months at a time . 
  and if you have and want a passport for normal duration , you need to present certificate you get after you finish your service . 
  so these kinds of rules often go well beyond just material debts . 
  good to see that more and more people are starting to call out the totalitarian bs that is advancing in europe and north america today . 
  in other news , water is wet , and sun rises from the east - imf . 
  switching from one oligarch to another to lead the country does n't lead to reduction in corruption . 
  shocking , is n't it ? 
  a friendly reminder : being transgender is an exceedingly rare sexual disorder , that is far more rare than for example most of the common severe development disorders such as down 's syndrome . 
  in most cases , it 's highly damaging for the sufferer , causing severe increase in various health risks , ranging from risk of severe depression and suicide ( which is largely unavoidable and in worst cases where folks get surgery tends to severely increase the risk ) to the risks associated with treatment , such as severe increase in getting specific cancers from hormonal injections . 
  this tends to get lost in the massive amount of attention that is being spent on discussing it . 
  these people have far worse problems than `` proper legal recognition '' . 
  they most certainly are relevant . 
  it 's easily demonstrated by the problems of ivf , where procedure is over 50 years old , but oldest children still alive are below 40 years old . 
  natural selection process beings long before the start of meiosis , all the way in the vagina , and at that point hormonal controls most certainly do matter , including those acting in the testes . 
  while you 're sitting on it ? 
  it 's not just that . 
  after collapse of ussr , there was a conscious policy in eu to try to uplift the warsaw pact and baltic states to become stable economically viable states . 
  that 's why we have multiple systems of transitioning investment and funds to eastern europe from northern and western europe , and that is what helped a lot with the uplifting . 
  it 's not purely altruistic either . 
  stable economically viable states in the eastern europe make for a stable europe which benefits everyone . 
  case to point , current basket case that is ukraine destabilizing the situation in all of europe . 
  borders go back and forth in the region when you go far back in history . 
  norway for example got split three ways mostly between sweden and denmark with occasional parts to countries that eventually became a part of russian empire under the tsars . 
  it 's worth noting that russia 's asian holdings are only a few hundred years older than most of the american colonial conquests . 
  muscovite russia only expanded to the east after mongol-tatar yoke was destroyed at kazan in 1600s and times of troubles ended . 
  those people are n't any less russian in terms of their lineage however , because modern concept of russia only really came to exist during times of troubles and peter the great 's reign cemented this position . 
  wikipedia has a really good map showing timeline of how russia expanded east here : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9c/russia_1533-1896.gif i recommend picking any reasonable article on history of russia during this time for context . 
  it 's not widely known here in the west . 
  many for example consider napoleon to have been the most successful conqueror or russia , even through it was poles and lithuanians that were by far the most successful in their conquest of what is western regions of russia , with mongols and tatars being the most successful invaders from the eastern side . 
  guys in netherlands are clearly desperate for air , being under water and all . 
  cue the jokes about american education system . 
  as noted , estonia benefited from massive wealth transfer mechanisms aimed at helping eastern european states elevate themselves , as well as remittances from other european states by their gastarbeiters . 
  most of the growth comes from mass immigration . 
  those are not productive members of society by far and large .
