  they simply need a timely warning and good interception vector . 
  tu-160 can be intercepted by modern interceptors such as f-22 , typhoon and rafale . 
  it can also be intercepted by most older twin engined aicraft like f-18c / d/e/f , f-15c / d. 
  gripen is also capable of such interception . 
  reminder : initial interception requires approximately the same speed . 
  maintaining the interception requires slightly greater speed and acceleration . 
  tu-160 can be theoretically intercepted from the front by f-35 for example , but it will not be able to keep up , even if tu-160 simply maintains it 's cruising speed of mach 1,5 . 
  should it accelerate to its top speed of  mach 2 , the aircraft capable of similar speed at greater acceleration are listed above . 
  cruising speed of tu-160 in hostile area is mach 1,5 . 
  sustained maximum speed of f-35 is mach 1,4 . 
  it is capable of redlining engines to go to 1,6 , but in addition to massive wear and tear on the engine , it will cook it 's own arsenal inside its weapon bay within 10 minutes and suffer internal detonation of its own ordnance . 
  this was outlined in the leaked report about a year ago . 
  they already tested f-22 for potential attack role a few years ago . 
  it 's still inferior at it to aircraft designed for this role , but it can at least handle this role now to some extent should the need arise . 
  in this regard it 's comparable to typhoon . 
  not really designed for the role to the point where it 's better to use early 4th gen fighters for it if possible ( like typhoons providing air cover for ancient tornados in libya ) , but it can do it if it must . 
  rafale is actually more ground attack focused aircraft , and it 's main advantage is that it is the first production aircraft to essentially carry a full onboard integrated electronic warfare suite . 
  that makes it almost as capable in terms of electronic warfare as self defense as dedicated electronic warfare aircraft like growler , which was demonstrated over libya . 
  rafale was the only coalition aircraft that operated without direct prowler/growler support in the area . 
  vietnam era strategists called . 
  they want their slogan back . 
  it does if you want : 1 . 
  brand name . 
  pay import tariffs to the country in the middle of nowhere like nz . 
  want it to be really light in addition to really well thermally isolated . 
  it 's the low weight that starts to add the cost up significantly once you go beyond -20 c proof . 
  usually the kind with exceptional thermal insulation and weather-proof . 
  add to that the import tariffs and brand name and you get pretty close to that price . 
  fun detail : f-35 can not intercept this bomber . 
  it 's current sustained maximum speed is below cruising speed of tu-160 . 
  gon na be fun when uk starts actually using f-35s . 
   i think the lowest prices have been either going up or stagnated . 
  you used to be able to get unthrottled and unlimited 3g connection for 2 $ a month as an offer from elisa . 
  nothing like that has been available lately . 
  i have that , grandfathered . 
  they just sent me a notice i 'll be paying over double the monthly starting in november . 
  this is a second such increase , last coming a couple of years ago . 
  they really want these old , cheap contracts gone . 
  reason given was `` yleisen kustannustason nousu '' ( rise of general level of costs in society ) . 
  inflation has been at almost zero for last three years or so . 
  and they 've been doing the marketing of just expensive contracts for a long time now . 
  that is not a new thing . 
  so i do n't think it 's just that . 
  fun point : if poland was islamic , this would n't be a problem . 
  in islam , soul does n't enter child 's body until a few weeks after birth . 
  contents of religious dogma matter , and there are cases where christianity is pointedly worse than islam , such as this one . 
  australan model . 
  you get the `` safe haven '' but it 's not going to be in the wealthy europe , but some poor island nation that will provide base necessities and nothing else . 
  kills the interest for economic migration , as we have seen in australia . 
  you 'll still run there if you 're an actual refugee , because poor island nation is still better than actual persecution that threatens your life . 
  quite a normal reaction in people who find faith in their adulthood . 
  they go into it with full fervor . 
  pretty much like the suicide bombers who spend their youth sinning , and then find their islamic faith in adulthood and go all in . 
  i can imagine that this particular building would make for an awesome bachelor flat . 
  hopefully with this , left wakes up and stops with suicidal anti-borders , anti-nation state hardline policies . 
  economically , they 're well positioned for having a good argument in light of the continued economic malaise . 
  but left 's stance on migration is utterly suicidal , and demolishes their other points completely . 
  one does n't think of interest on one 's bank account when one is in a burning house . 
  it 's just another chapter in a long fight . 
  there 's a similar case against boeing that has n't been ruled on yet , and they 're appealing this decision . 
  it 's been on since early 2000s , and it 's not looking to end any time soon . 
  how would that work in practice though ? 
  the bureaucracy needed to manage borders of the france as an independent state has been largely dismantled . 
  you 'd have to rebuild it , and that would take a lot of time . 
  i remember when we had to lock down the western border with sweden up here in the north when they were pumping their migrants over to us . 
  we tried to get the border bureaucracy back up , and largely failed until we chose to move people from russian border to swedish one . 
  it essentially helped that we have a tight , functional border controlling bureaucracy still in place on a really long border , and we still had problems shifting the resources to the shengen border that was just a few hundred kilometers to the west . 
  france would be looking at far greater problems . 
  not the way it works . 
  many problems are a result of long term mismanagement . 
  you may start fixing these problems , and to do so you need power and time . 
  it most certainly does not make the problems you 're starting to fix `` your fault '' . 
  was there really any point in recent times when this was in doubt ? 
  first rambo movie anyone ? 
  `` do n't want this human trash here , let 's dump him in the next county . 
  human trash comes back with guns and shoots up a bunch of people '' . 
  everything is relative . 
  for a rich oil state with economy like norway 's , it 's huge . 
  greece really is fucked . 
  germany is also messed up , but they called that one on themselves . 
  greece on the other hand is innocent on that one . 
  something that most people forget - someone does have to foot the costs in the end . 
  in this case , more built up networks with cheaper prices ( i.e. 
  better competition ) will likely end up being net payers . 
  with some luck , it wo n't be too much of an increase though . 
  i 'm rather surprised that a bunch of conspiracy theorists are being given this much attention , when we actually have reliable and well tested election monitors that already delivered their preliminary results : http://www.osce.org/odihr/elections/russia/265071 granted considering the infamous `` more vote than people in crimean region because i invented a numbers in a statement and used the fact that most people do n't understand the language that statement was made in '' bs in the past , i suppose that is par course nowadays when it comes to demonizing russia in the west . 
  oecd preliminary results show distinct problems , but they 're nowhere near bad enough for those with a distinct agenda to demonize the country . 
  i 'm going to wait for oecd 's final report , but initial one is quite a good read on both problems and successes of this election . 
  and it does n't contain any questionable hypotheses or conspiracy theories . 
  because words have definitions . 
  you can ask `` why is plus opposite to minus '' all you want . 
  it still is , by definition . 
  your caveat adds nothing to your argument . 
  it 's still false on the same merit . 
  because `` demos '' is still the opposite of `` aristocrat '' . 
  again , this is self-evident to such a degree , that it 's generally difficult to comprehend the sheer amount of malice needed to not comprehend this simple point . 
  you are literally trying to make a point that demos is the same as its antonym . 
  that black is white . 
  considering your views on democracy , i 'll just let this one slide . 
  if you think that ancient greece was not democratic , it 's a far smaller mistake to think that naming who voted for whom is easy in modern western election system .
