   but france could easily have imprisoned everyone in the camps let 's steelman your argument here for a moment and assume that you are in fact correct and such measure is possible . 
  what would results be ? 
  would the pressure within the system to go to uk be reduced or increased ? 
  would alternate , far more dangerous and violent means of entry be devised ? 
  would consequences grow even more severe for people in the region around the tunnel and transit services ? 
  unfortunate reality is that pressure is not coming from france nor uk . 
  it 's coming from the early stages of migration `` pipeline '' , that being in middle east and asian regions from which islamic migration is coming from . 
  trying to address narrow range of symptoms on specific border will simply clump the migrants on the other side for a short while , increasing pressure . 
  and as france is far more vulnerable to `` resisting death cult of islam is actually racism '' rhetoric peddled with saudi money in the mass media , population will inevitably rise against such measures as their death toll starts to rise on all sides . 
  at the same time , as young men of arms bearing age , many of whom have combat experience from their host countries get more desperate , you will start seeing even more violent methods of entry , with likely taking of hostages , murders , even organised attacks on police . 
  and these would come not from easily monitorable camps , but from spread out people that coordinate over social networks via their mobile phones . 
  there 's a reason why so many of the migrants in the current wave have high end mobile phones today . 
  these are their tools of organising penetration of each border , blockade and obstacle placed in their way . 
  you need eastern european levels of conviction among populace to resist this kind of agenda . 
  historic examples of what happens when muslims actually overrun and get to rule your country . 
  western europe outside spain and portugal lacks these experiences , making the `` resisting death cult of islam and its adherents is racism '' agenda far more workable on the populations . 
  and populations do elect leaders in western europe . 
  and much of population has indeed swallowed the narrative , and deprogramming only really happens when they come face to face with reality of what large muslim communities actually do to outsiders . 
  problem being that it 's not `` france '' that is the problem . 
  it 's the entire framework under which movement of people is handled throughout eu combined with migrant crisis . 
  it 's a sum of contributing factors , most of which are out of reach of both uk and france to affect to a significant degree . 
  as a result , penalizing oneself and france for it will do very little to solve the problem . 
   i mostly agree with your points , although i would say you probably overestimate ldpr 's popularity . 
  i 'm a history and military buff . 
  every single nationalist movement that gets great and takes over the reigns of a state is severely underestimated at the start . 
  hitler 's and lenin 's platforms were about helping people economically as well at the start . 
  relevance of this history during our times is aptly demonstrated by things like brexit and rise of afd in germany , golden dawn in greece , party for freedom in netherlands and so on . 
  these are people who 's rise to full blown extremist nationalism is only limited by ambitions of their leaders at the moment . 
   if ttip would go through , and us further economically isolate russia and china , in case of russia at basically zero damage to us but weakening both europe and russia , i can imagine a lot of people getting their pitchforks out . 
  this has already been done in the poison pill of unconstitutional overthrow in ukraine and the follow-up where us successfully transformed russia-eu relations from getting ever so closer on all relevant points to new cold war of today . 
  i suspect they underestimated the importance of europe and russia on the middle eastern catastrophe however , which is why they 're de facto aggressively pivoting from asia back to europe and middle east today . 
  that one is now an immediate priority for their geopolitical interests , as europe is no longer able to be the keeper of the floodgates , and russia is no longer cooperative . 
  and their favourite ally in the region , saudi arabia has demonstrated utter inability to fight a war even in a poor and small bordering state of yemen in spite of having fourth largest army in the world . 
  `` us gmo food '' is fast on the way to become `` german gmo food '' with bayer 's monsanto deal . 
  corporations ' economic interests are a whole different pie from geopolitics , and suggesting that these interests are `` national '' is rather naive . 
  honestly most of the anti-americanism is vastly overrated . 
  us citizens are just as stuck with their elites as we are with ours , and their electoral system is even more polarised and protected from any kind of real effect that populace can push on it through democracy . 
  they 're simply nationalist and self-centred , and in real world , that is the sane policy to have . 
  the bride and groom one was the epitome of black humour . 
  literally . 
  well done . 
  problem is that the moment you do this far away from your own people , large portion of said people has been conditioned to scream `` racism '' at that very government . 
  which still scares government officials . 
  the only exception is something violent happens close enough to home , when they feel that extreme measures are actually protecting * them * from the islamic terrorism . 
  fear is the most base of our emotions , which is shaped by evolution to override everything until situation causing fear is resolved . 
  as a result , it overrides the conditioning to whine about racism and same people that have their `` whine about racism '' conditioning triggered in cases when they are not afraid for their own safety , as is the case with calais jungle , accept similar security measures when they are actually afraid . 
  problem being that tunnel is too important for uk itself to shut down . 
  that would be cutting off the nose to spite face . 
   polish people as a whole have an incredible work ethic , and are willing to fucking grind for very little hourly pay because comparative earnings are astronomical between uk minimum wage and polish average wage . 
  when you have a salary that is more than that of a doctor in your home country doing low skilled labour , you 're going to have great work ethic . 
  same would apply to native brits if they got that kind of salary . 
  there is a reason why free movement of labour is genuinely a bad idea . 
  it creates a massive drain of people from poor states to rich ones , and at the same time creates an ever increasing amount of jobless people who can not get jobs because gastarbeiters take them and work for far less than is a living wage in the country . 
  then you have ryanair basically fly these people home every weekend for a price of a bus ticket , so they do n't even spend the money in the economy in which they earn it , and situation fubar is complete . 
  now let that continue for a decade , and suddenly , you have open animosity towards the poor guest labourers where there was none . 
  the real target of animosity should be elites that devise this kind of policy . 
  poles are acting as scapegoats here . 
  these are n't people who get to decide these things , and these are n't people that want to sabotage livelihoods of lower earning people in uk . 
  so close to the terminator . 
  just a little bit less travel and it would have likely gotten full sunlight . 
  personally , i 'm worried about who they are losing the vote to . 
  ldpr looks like the sponge sucking up the votes . 
  that means attitude shift of `` west is a partner '' to `` west is an enemy '' that was being pushed hard for by western hawks has finally started to actually occur on the fringes of population . 
  to get a good war going , you need to convince people on both sides that they are actually enemies . 
  russians have been stubbornly refusing to do so for last couple of years in spite of insane rhetoric used against them around here . 
  it looks like some of them are finally giving up and starting to read giggsters of this reddit as actually representative of our population rather than what they are in reality - propagandist shills trying desperately to convince populations that overwhelmingly ignore their fiery over the top rhetoric . 
  and once that change actually starts , it 's very hard to reverse it . 
  considering how weak europe already is with migrant crisis basically starting to purge the political system from inside in hit countries and brexit being what it is , we 'd need stable relations at least on russian side pretty desperately at this point . 
  middle east is n't going to calm down any time soon , pressure from china is going to keep on ramping up , and us has already shown that they will not allow europe to unite to a degree where it will threaten its dominant position in the world ... we need stabilization more than anything right now . 
  so that is truly bad news . 
  did levada actually receive foreign funding though ? 
  it sounds like a pretty huge mistake on their part if they did , and still wanted to retain their impartial image in the state . 
  especially when you 're a most trusted political pollster in the world where western major foreign policy goal has been destruction of constitutional order in russia for last two years . 
  receiving funds directly from powers that set destruction of constitutional order in your state in that kind of a scenario is going to make you extremely suspect of being a tool serving their interests . 
  the saddest part is that united russia is apparently losing ground to ldpr according to the poll you linked . 
  that 's the extreme nationalist party that has usually been in the fringe , advocating for essentially similar things as us neocons - complete geopolitical domination of nearby states . 
  apparently united russia has n't been nationalistic enough for these voters . 
  if the polling resuts are real , russian public is really circling the wagons even harder under the western pressure . 
  the outcome is the geometric opposite of stated one . 
  putin is ever so popular , and crazy nationalists are apparently becoming more popular than ever while moderates are declining . 
  i not only did read through your points , i even quoted out your points and addressed them specifically . 
  i am here for the discussion on topic , and occasional smacking of too obvious shills such as yourself when they try to present points that are based on fantasies and misconseptions . 
   this is ludicrous , ridiculous . 
  after 25 % collapses , and in the absence of active policy to further shrink an economy ( or absence of war ) , economies just do not behave in this manner . 
  they do if the economy size was a direct result of a massive bubble . 
  bubble deflates and you get the real economic activity instead . 
  with all the cpr greek economy got with essentially free long term loans , it did n't have any inertia in its collapse as bubble economies tend to , and as a result , it went down to the real size of its economy , and is now growing at roughly the same pace as the much of the rest of europe . 
  the `` rebound '' comes from inertia of collapse taking economy too low momentarily . 
  the fact that writer ignores this rather obvious explanation in favour of repeating himself twice on hyperbolic adjectives demonstrates a worrying lack of self-awareness . 
  and in case people forgot , the other major reason here is that main engine of the economy , the young people have left greece during the crisis in droves , mainly due to ease of doing so under eu rules . 
  the obvious problem is that if you 're out of eu in the name of these tax deals - the companies with the deals will leave . 
  the main reason they 're in ireland is because ireland is a part of eu , while having corporatist mindset in its taxation code . 
  that grants said companies all the perks of paying taxes in an eu country , and existing in a tax haven at the same time . 
  the moment ireland exits eu to stay a tax haven , it becomes another shitty tax haven like those small islands in atlantic ocean . 
  not really worth it for major companies due to penalties associated with it . 
  at least it 's not potatoes . 
  / ducks . 
  seriously though , the only thing that would have made it better was if they took a bite out of each apple before sticking it on a fence . 
  it 's still a great protest - funny , on point , does n't really disturb anyone and makes its point in a way that anyone will understand . 
   you could easily get a small-medium-sized ev and rent an ice for your yearly trip to lapland or 3-4 month trip to the cabin just no .
