  erdogan and his inner circle ? 
  absolutely . 
  current reports appear to suggest that turkey is/will be using pretext of illegality of the act to deport the immigrants back to syria . 
  i do n't think you quite understand what `` press '' means . 
  let me help you : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/news_media note how `` television '' is but one small portion of `` press '' umbrella . 
  as for tv networks getting centralized and generally pushing agenda , that is true for essentially all western countries today unfortunately . 
  repealing of laws mandating competition between tv networks across the western world lead to centralized control over them . 
  russia is ahead of most western states on this issue , but is in no way an exception . 
  apologies . 
  i did not realise that we 're only allowed to talk about one specific talk point , which you will lead and the only acceptable answers are `` yes '' and `` no '' . 
  even if neither answer is obviously applicable , for reasons i listed . 
  the entire point of `` lack of alternatives '' makes `` votes in the nineties '' not impossible . 
  upper 90s , certainly . 
  lower , not so much . 
  you can see those kinds of support numbers in certain regions in the western coutries just as well . 
  this especially true in low population regions where everyone knows each other and peer pressure to `` vote correctly '' is immense . 
  again , i point you to the current structure of duma as obvious `` elephant in the room '' sized evidence that opposition in russia is alive and well . 
  flies on the wall you list do n't detract from it in any way . 
  where are you pulling those ridiculous claims of yours from ? 
  i said nothing that would even remotely resemble what you claim . 
  your naivete would be amusing , if it were n't dangerous . 
  over last five years or so , turkey was being effectively rebuked by both eu and us over its hardline islamisation and syria-related policies . 
  this has been a full 180 degree policy turn . 
  turkey gets support for its policies and money , which will be funneled through erdogan 's inner circle . 
  some of it will trickle down to refugees . 
  most will be used to secure erdogan 's position . 
  it 's fairly obvious that money is n't instantly transferred upon reaching agreement . 
  this suggestion implies utter lack of understanding how such agreements work in the most basic sense . 
  it 's also fairly obvious that any money that will be eventually awarded will be funneled through erdogan and his close circles . 
  you seem to think that because one autonomous region , that fought two bloody wars with russia and that is currently under control of a chechen with true chechen culture of `` my way , or fed to my lions '' , it 's relevant and applicable across russia . 
  hint : caucasus , especially violent muslim parts of it are but a tiny part of russia . 
  and it 's pretty obvious that 99 % are n't voting for united russia across the country with state of parliament , is n't it ? 
  i was talking about the way ireland treats abortion in general , not this ruling in particular . 
  it did n't come out as clearly as i intended to . 
  i think you 're missing the big picture here . 
  the end goal of erdogan is not membership of eu . 
  it 's reinforcing his rather shaky position as the de facto leader of turkey . 
  this will be achieved by visa free travel for turks and three billions , much of which will be siphoned to his close circle . 
  he basically won everything he wanted . 
  eu capitulated on this issue , us capitulated on not being forced to act as turkey 's and by extension al-nusra 's aggressions ' guarantor . 
  in terms of politics , he outplayed everyone at this juncture of history , except perhaps russia . 
  but even that remains to be seen , as it could also be a part of his plan . 
  if you think that visa free travel and billions in essentially free cash for erdogan 's closest circle is n't going to help erdogan to cement his position , i have bad news for you . 
  that 's what happened in one of the months of 2014 when there was an issue with gas fields rights over cyprus . 
  it most likely means that violations were simultaneous and across large portions of the border . 
  it was likely a part of pressure package to get greek cypriots to concede more rights to turkish cypriots . 
  the number was presented by greek military at the time , that 's why i remember it . 
  it sounded just as absurd to me as it does to you , until the context was made clear . 
  demands are indeed a hyperbole , designed to provide a negotiating position from which to back from in negotiations to come to an acceptable compromise . 
  parent 's statement that if current demands were to go through , eu would collapse are largely correct . 
  current list of demand , as far as i have seen them are utterly ridiculous , and would tear union apart very rapidly if implemented as-is . 
  they include things like massive limits on freedom of movement , freedom of work , equality among eu citizens and many other points . 
  poland has a new eurosceptic government that is n't known for being very logical in its actions based on their history . 
  i would not be surprised if they cut off their nose just to spite the face in upcoming negotiations . 
  but i suspect their main goal is going to be to keep the poles in britain working and receiving all the benefits . 
  that is the propagandist bs our press likes to peddle . 
  first of all , russia does have free press . 
  after ussr fell , russians feel very protective of freedom of speech they gained as glasnost came to be . 
  visit any magazine kiosk in st. petersburg , and you 'll find plenty of critical newspapers . 
  what keeps putin in power is not suppression of freedom of speech or critique . 
  what holds him in power is lack of viable alternatives . 
  allow me to elaborate . 
  you see , putin 's real opposition , and one that is n't generally mentioned in the west and holds significant portion of russian parliament does not have the kind of pull that putin and his party do in terms of what they offer . 
  russian opposition is formed by three major parties : communists , soclialists ( just russia ) and ultra nationalists ( ldpr ) . 
  what unites the opposition is that all of them are more critical of the west than ruling party . 
  none of them are viable as country 's ruling party , because they can not offer a viable plan . 
  communists are stuck in the past , just russia has a sort of `` let 's go halfway to the past and halfway stay where we are '' and ldpr is viewed by most people as a comedy show more so than anything , not to be taken seriously . 
  here , take a look for yourself : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_duma you could compare the situation to that of us and its two party system . 
  do you think that voters would vote for one of the two incumbent parties that largely all represent the same billionaires and multi-nationals if they had an alternative ? 
  of course not . 
  but there are no alternatives . 
  and that does n't mean that system is undemocratic . 
  it simply means it 's corrupt . 
  it already did and it succeeded . 
  it got 3 billion $ , visa-free travel in near future and restart of the membership talks . 
  all for just a series of vague promises . 
  i 'd call that a pretty successful blackmail . 
  that article talks about two people . 
  a few months ago , we had a group of six if i remember correctly . 
  increase in people coming did n't occur then either . 
  where is `` here '' ? 
  greek lack the resources to do the counter buzzing on the same scale . 
  there 's also the issue that antagonists are quite one-sided in terms of force available . 
  what are you on about ? 
  finland and baltics have the border under control . 
  smugglers tried to get a few groups of syrians smuggled a few months ago across our eastern border with no luck . 
  the issue is that there 's a specific deal between russia and norway in the north . 
  the place where the crossing is is in a generally a very low population area , so they had specific agreement in place to make it easy for locals to cross the border . 
  it 's fairly similar as one they have on the shared islands . 
  the problem is that people smugglers are abusing it . 
  the real problem is n't border security , but people smugglers looking for new routes . 
  for norway the smuggling from russia is a whole lot of a smaller problem than from sweden . 
  here in finland , pretty much all of those arriving here come from sweden just shipping them to our western border . 
  it 's ironic that we have a solid reinforced border with russia that is safe because both us and russians are watching it closely , and we trusted sweden to not need the old border structures which were torn down when we joined shengen zone . 
  and now , that border is the leaking one and we have not enough manpower to secure it . 
  right now , russia is a better neighbour in terms of border security and honouring agreements than sweden for us . 
  that 's not really how warfare works . 
  turkey is the aggressor in this one , and it needs to keep up its ability to suprise the greeks through constant buzzing of defences . 
  greeks can not afford to stop intercepting . 
  and no , they wo n't be making a `` deal '' just to save fuel and wear and tear on airframes with what 's at stake in this one .
