  read your own link . 
  nato interpreted that any object , including those below ground as `` flying '' if you 're suggesting this to be fitting . 
  pun not intended . 
  but fitting nontheless . 
  i did n't mean to imply that your efforts were in vain , or that they are n't appreciated . 
  believe me , when i see us routinely on top of `` worldwide corruption meter '' as one of the least corrupt states , and then i see just how corrupt our society is on so many levels ... 
  i just feel a tremendous amount of sympathy for those that are on the other side of the spectrum . 
   is russia bound to compensate damages ? 
  not at this stage . 
  wto is about maintaining specific norms in trade agreements . 
  that means they can rule on specific issues which are normally decided by sovereign states , such as import tariffs and other measures that may be considered protectionist and against wto 's rules . 
  the only punitive action that can be taken by wto is allowance of similar punitive action on other wto-sanctioned items . 
  for example when us foreign gambling ban was found against the wto rules by wto , and us refused to comply , wto granted the winner rights to not follow specific wto rules such as rules on protection of intellectual property for said state . 
  so eu would likely be given a right to tax some russian imports higher than wto allows , or ban some russian imports . 
  there is no retroactive compensation at all in wto . 
   is russia actually bound to comply yes , with possible penalties such as above . 
  however also no , because even if the wto-sanctioned ban was repealed , same products would fall under the politically motivated sanctions that were a retaliation for politically motivated eu sanctions . 
  those are not in the scope of the ruling , nor arguably the scope of the wto . 
  this ruling is specifically about asf related ban not being applicable eu-wide . 
  asf related bans are in fact in place in most eu states i know of on baltic states , and i know for a fact that estonia 's pork industry has been utterly decimated by the outbreak of the disease and european attempts to contain it there . 
  it 's an extremely dangerous disease for pork industry as its highly infectious and has high lethality rate . 
  so usually even if one pig is found to carry the disease , you 're looking at mass cull and huge clean up . 
  this disease can stay in the dirt , to the point where if you visit a pig farm in estonia and come back to finland , they will warn you at the border that you need to clean the footwear you used on the farm . 
  here 's more information on the disease in english from our state food safety authority : https://www.evira.fi/en/animals/animal-health-and-diseases/animal-diseases/pigs/african-swine-fever-asf/, 
  well , considering how turkish authorities literally put eu in the corner , he really has no other way to react . 
  and the way they did it ensured that eu had no way to negotiate , as it was given in a form of open ultimatum over mass media . 
  which suggests that rejection was the intention here , and they want to drop the deal and get to claim to their internal critics that they did it because eu broke the agreement . 
  the soldier with anti-tank weapon in the picture looks silly if the goal was to make population feel safer . 
  also , just have some canned beans , and remember that you have quite a few litres of drinkable water in your toilet 's reservoir of flushing water if you actually do end up cut off from food and water supplies in short term . 
  no , literally , it 's a well established historic fact . 
  lenin 's and stalin 's party lost the elections . 
  they had to unleash a brutal civil war and install a brutal and extremely oppressive regime that ended up killing tens of millions of soviets , most of them russian nationals to stay in power . 
  read up on it . 
  those are well established historic facts . 
  that 's another inconvenient historic fact : by far the biggest amount of nationals killed by this regime was russian nationals . 
   `` russian communist regime '' was a dominant power within the soviet communist regime . 
  it 's most brutal leader was a georgian national . 
  it 's second most brutal leader was a ukranian national . 
  facts disagree with you . 
   interestingly enough , in stark contrast to all the other ssrs , it is russia which is the direct successor of the soviet union , and inherited all its perks such as its nuclear arsenal or soviet spot in un security council . 
  nothing interesting about it . 
  it also inherited all the debts soviet union had at the time , something no one wanted to share . 
  i recall soviet union owing just us something in the realm of 8 billion usd , and we 're just a tiny nation of 5 million on their border . 
  for a republic of a nation that just collapsed due to failure of its economy , that 's not a small burden to take on , and as such , it also had its perks . 
   he himself stated that he considers the dissolution of soviet union to be the biggest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century it was one of the biggest , most certainly . 
  it cased extreme amount of misery for almost all of its citizenry , regardless of ssr they resided in . 
  the only ones that dodged the misery were the baltic states , largely because rest of us europeans propped them up massively . 
  everyone else collapsed in terms of quality of life , and many have n't recovered to this day , especially the central asian republics . 
  and those hold far more people than baltics will in any foreseeable future . 
  that was the context in which those words were said . 
  they 're also some of the most favourite words of folks peddling specific agenda to quote out of context . 
  ussr 's collapse should have been managed better to allow for people living in it to not go through the suffering they had to endure . 
  notably those are the words of the western economists who were hired to bring market economy to several of the former soviet republics . 
   i can see that majority of people may prefer to be formally in russia , but that is not that surprising since russians did their best to make the areas as russian as possible by forcibly removing all other nationalities . 
  that is just patently false . 
  even stalinisation was never about that . 
  it was about mixing enough of other peoples ( and often other territories ) to ensure that should any part ever try to secede , minority that would be transplanted into the state would cause problems . 
  that is why these minorities were a huge mix of essentially everyone available . 
  there were exactly three events of `` removal of ethnicity '' in crimea . 
  when crimean tatars invaded it as golden horde was falling back from its conquest of europe , they turned it from 100 % slav to about 33 % slav in less than a century with brutal ethnic cleansing and slave trade . 
  second was when nazi germany invaded and granted them power to repeat the same process , in the name of lebensraum . 
  third was when stalin saw that giving them a third shot at murdering and slaving slavic peoples of all kinds living in the region was n't sensible , and deported those that survived ww2 to siberia . 
  notably when slavs retook crimea for the first time when they kicked ottomans to turkey and destroyed the crimean khanate and its brutal slave raids that were savaging eastern europe for centuries before that , there was no ethnic cleansing on that kind of scale . 
  crimean tatars were disempowered and forced to give up slave raiding and pick up actually productive trades , but they were n't butchered en masse and survivors sold as slaves in the same way they butchered slavs when they got to power both times . 
  it took stalin to deport them , and even he did n't butcher them in same amounts . 
  instead he did what he did to many other peoples that he viewed as `` enemies of the state '' . 
  he deported them to siberia , since he needed cheap labour there . 
  i would argue that this would constitute slavery personally , though it was far less brutal than what crimean tatars did when they practised it . 
  but not mass murder . 
   when russia decided to completely ignore international law and violate ukraine 's sovereignity by sending troops to crimea . 
  violation of sovereignty was n't about sending troops , but about annexation . 
  troops arguably had a right to be there . 
  many of the troops were in fact local ukrainian troops defecting . 
  there are quite a lot of agreements on the topic . 
  you could easily use the same argument us uses for it 's guantanamo bay base - `` this is a contract , thanks for renting us the base '' `` but we did n't agree to this contract - it was a puppet you installed before who did and we overthrew him . 
  give us our land back '' . 
  `` here 's the money . 
  thanks for the base . 
  we 'll pay again when it 's due under the contract '' . 
  annexation on the other hand is always illegal , or well , was . 
  until kosovo . 
  problem with international law is that it 's overwhelmingly * customary * in nature . 
  that means that once precedent is established , it becomes law . 
  that 's why so many western states and people like myself were strictly against recognising kosovo as independent just based on a short war and referendum held within it . 
  that 's why there 's so much pushback from us against china setting a precedent in south china sea that you can build up an island and claim territorial waters and eez around it after it 's done . 
  kosovo opened a international legal can of worms in that it set a precedent , therefore offering a path to handling transition of sovereignty from state to state via internal referendum without agreement from state which sovereignty is transitioned to . 
  which is an absolutely idiotic thing to do on international level . 
  every expert on international law worth anything was warning against it for just this reason . 
  it essentially either completely undermined sovereignty as a concept under international law , or it set a legal precedent on how to tear a piece of a state from a state ignoring territorial sovereignty , or both . 
  and now we have crimea , which was frankly handled far better than kosovo was . 
  effectively bloodless , no messy things like ethnic cleansing , organ trade using minorities as unwilling source and so on . 
  still a massive internally mafia controlled state however , and overwhelmingly supported by locals . 
  so the reason why you say ca n't accept crimea is absurd and simply not rooted in reality if you are going to invoke international law on the matter . 
  you can use the logic above . 
  but then you need to stay consistent and condemn all such events . 
  or simply state that international law does n't actually matter to you , because you can not apply it consistently under your set of values , which is the basic tenet of any modern legal system . 
  personally i would argue against both crimea and kosovo , simply because i think they set an awful precedent under international law . 
  i think that position is almost the only consistent position to hold under international law against crimea 's annexation . 
  edit : i think i need to disclose bias on the matter , through it should be self evident for anyone that knows finnish history - but this is not a subreddit where i can assume people to hold such specialist knowledge : \u00c5land . 
  are we in agreement then that all ukrainians are guilty of all the same crimes as russians when they were a part of soviet union ?
