  then cross reference with religion of the region . 
  you used in the the exact opposite way , so no , we do n't know what you mean because we in fact assume that when you use words , you know what they mean . 
  in this case , you clearly do not . 
  correct . 
  as long as it 's representative of the group seen as fit to participate in democratic decision at the time in that specific culture , you have a democracy . 
  what we have in the west today is about advance in our understanding of human rights . 
  it has nothing to do with democracy . 
  `` majority of people '' is utterly irrelevant in this context . 
  they will look on upon slaughter of millions if necessary and not lift a finger . 
  this is universal to all people , regardless of their religion . 
  what is relevant is motivators present in religion that could bring a significant amount of these people to commit horrible atrocities with as little effort as possible . 
  specifically important parts are ease of slipping into this behaviour , and justifiability of this behaviour to the people committing this act and their close ones so they would provide support . 
  islam is exceptional in that is allows for this with extreme ease as all necessary structures form core tenets of religion . 
  martyrdom is completely central to islamic societies , which is why you 'll often hear that people that died for the cause have `` martyred themselves '' in islamic states . 
  christianity has the systems in place to enable this , but bringing them out requires a significant amount of effort and is not nearly as easy . 
  that is why when someone dies for a good cause , they are not called martyrs . 
  massive positive connotation is simply not there . 
  hold on . 
  i gave you the exact example you asked for , which you did n't even bother to read and asked for it . 
  and for pointing out that the answer to the question has already been provided , * i * am the `` condescending prick '' ? 
  right . 
  thanks . 
  have a good day asshat . 
  attainable ? 
  yes . 
  but what is the easiest and surest way to attain salvation in each religion ? 
  in christianity , that is giving away our earthly possessions and worshipping jesus . 
  in islam , it 's dying killing unbelievers in the name of islam . 
  there are other ways in islam , but that one is the certain way , and it gets not only you to salvation , but also your family . 
  no such action is even possible in christianity . 
  not only is that not a simplification , it 's also completely accurate . 
  read less wikipedia , which has a severe problem with romanticisation of history , doubly so when it comes to islam , often listing long debunked books as sources from authors that did n't even speak the language of the texts they claimed to be referencing , and moderating away more realistic accounts from authors that have more critical views of history . 
  i already gave you the example in my previous post . 
  try reading comprehension . 
  first of all , egyptian system was built on examples of turkish kemalist state . 
  hence the similarity . 
  except they did n't allow for democratic elections of leaders at all , because they saw that as the weakness through which islamism would destroy secularism . 
  it was a correct vision , as we saw with egyptian election after the fall of mubarak . 
  south korea is entirely unrelated . 
  east asian religions in general are structurally too different to be compared . 
  those are polytheistic religions that lack the central dogma of monotheistic religions . 
  as a result , their relationship both with their faithful and the state is completely different . 
  a good example i recommend is japan , which is the prime and likely best studied example if you are interested . 
  in their state religion of taoism , essentially everything houses a separate god-like entity , ranging from wind and sun to the small pebble on the ground . 
  and all of these gods have often less relationship with people of the land than each other . 
  equally so , relationships between the people are typically emphasized rather than relationship between individual and god . 
  as a point of comparison , in monotheism , it 's the relationship between individual and god that defines monotheistic religions with judaic roots . 
  another major difference is individuality in general , where judaic religions generally emphasize individual , whereas far eastern religions emphasize groups of people . 
  even more importantly , their religion enabled suicide bombings as well . 
  but even a cursory examination of kamikaze pilots will show completely and utterly different motivations and psychology behind kamikaze pilots , utterly incompatible with that of islamic suicidal holy warrior . 
  everything from their core motivations to the methods , to the honour system underlying the act are completely different . 
  for the rest of your argument , what you read on wikipedia is essentially the modern case of romanticization of history which is very popular with modern islamic apologists mixed with simple ignorance of history . 
  you have to remember that throughout those supposedly `` peaceful '' times , islamic nations were engaged in massive conquest which eventually severed europe from silk road , pushing it into massive poverty as well as practising active conquest and subjugation first in cordoba and later across entire eastern europe . 
  if you want a specific point of view of religion 's importance in this civilizational war , you need to merely look at the main tool that ottoman empire used in this conquest against europe for the most pointed example - janissaries . 
  they literally had a policy where they systemically stole eldest son from families in conquered lands , * converted them to islam forcibly * , and trained them to be used as shock troops against their own people . 
  part in italics is important because that part is the key in turning children against their parents . 
  islam is unique in that it offers a complete political belief system in addition to religious one that not only paints unbelievers as lesser people on systemic level , but also explicitly insists that unbelievers are the enemy . 
  this helps in overriding the natural resistance that children would have in attacking their own people . 
  as a point of comparison , `` europe with pope '' never did anything even remotely comparable on systemic level . 
  it would simply be impossible within tenets of christian faith . 
  there is vastly insufficient amount of hatred toward the people of other religions expressed in religious dogma of christianity in comparison to that of islamic dogma for this to occur . 
  and yes , i say this well aware of the sheer volume of such hatred that is in fact present in christian dogma . 
  issue here is not lack of it per say . 
  it 's the exceptionalism of islam in having this kind of dogma in not only great amounts , but also directly written and not just derivable , being codified within legal systems inherent in the religion , and subjugation being demanded of the followers directly . 
  achieving anything even remotely as xenophobic in christianity requires not only significant re-interpretation of key tenets , but a complete discarding of several key teachings . 
  it 's doable , but doing so is difficult and securing converts is a long and inefficient process . 
  in islam , everyone who believes in core tenets is already there however , all you need is to convince them they need to act . 
  this exceptionalism is perhaps best demonstrated by looking at iraq-iran war , and how iranian mothers were known to be happy to send their children to clear out minefields by literally walking over them in line , until they blew up on enough mines to cross the mine field . 
  consider the christian mother in the same situation - she would see the necessity , but she would grieve for her child . 
  not so in iran . 
  they were overwhelmingly happy , because their children martyred themselves for the fight against the unbelievers . 
  in doing so , they secured a place not only for themselves , but for their entire families in heaven . 
  it was this happiness of mothers and fanatical devotion of children marching through the mine fields that got iraqi leadership to negotiate peace . 
  iraqi had better tech and support of us in the war - but they understood fanaticism , and they understood that they could not win against it . 
  because that is what islamic dogma teaches as its core tenet . 
  that is what makes it exceptional in terms of danger of this dogma to anyone it labels as an outsider , including muslims viewed as such . 
   conquest is natural to everyone false on merits . 
  some cultures are imperial in nature , to varying degrees . 
  some are not imperial at all , such as mine . 
  imperialism within each culture also takes distinctly different tones , ranging from assyrian style extreme brutality and savagery to latter uk style of `` we 'll stop if you protest peacefully '' . 
  you said `` majorly educated '' , which is patently false , even in light of your comparison . 
  syria is one of the worst off states in terms of education even when compared to north africa . 
  in north africa , you have libyan refugees , who actually have a decent education system and egyptians who have a decent education system . 
  finally , syrians are actually about as represented as iraqis , who also have a far better education system than syria . 
  your entire argument hinges on your artificial limiting of comparisons , and even then , you fail to limit those enough - as i list the examples in north africa . 
  frankly , in light of your last argument , the only conclusion i can draw is that your argument is not ignorant in nature , but malicious , trying to push the old agenda of peddling a legend of `` educated syrian refugees '' , when reality is the exact opposite . 
  he makes an excellent case to point for my thesis . 
  he knew just how impossible this was with islam , which is why he instituted a state within the turkish state known as the `` army '' , main task of which was to brutally overthrow and execute islamist leaders as they get democratically elected into power and start rolling back the secular state . 
  his hope as i understand it was that by the time this kemalist order loses its power , enough people would no longer be faithful followers of islam to function as a block to rolling back his reforms . 
  he was an excellent leader with long standing vision , but sadly , he was ultimately incorrect on this one . 
  turkey did n't secularise itself fast enough to hold against islamism , and islamists overthrew kemalist order in the state . 
  edit : also , if you want , i can go into details on this , but the entire process by which islamism subverted kemalism in turkey is fascinating in demonstrating just how effective islamism is at subverting a secular institution in sufficiently islamic surroundings . 
  this is about theological differences . 
  one is a religion where base tenet is self-improvement to get salvation . 
  other is a religion where base tenet is conquest of the unbelievers to get salvation . 
  conquest can be derived from former indirectly , but is derived directly from the latter . 
  so latter is far more prone to conquest . 
  same can not happen with islam by definition . 
  this is the point you keep missing . 
  with christianity , all you need to do to argue * for * disconnecting religion from state * to its faithful * is point at its holy book .
