  i suppose it 's a good thing that status quo folks never learn . 
  it would be really difficult to unseat them otherwise . 
  we 've seen that in this referendum just as well as with trump getting elected to be the candidate . 
   there are people who afraid that something like crimea can happen in poland or finland . 
  there are also people who think that jews secretly control the world . 
  people who think that blacks that come here are here as womb warriors to take over our countries . 
  and countless other similar beliefs . 
  they are in the fringe , and generally no one but security services gives them any attention . 
   every empire starts from small state , you know , someone in finland also was dreaming about `` great finland '' till white sea in 1920th . 
  i specifically owned up to that period above . 
  because we are in fact not an empire , the effect of tribal wars was miniscule . 
  can you please explain why it is that you appear to think that being an empire is somehow the same as being a small state ? 
  it 's highly unlikely to have occurred for the reason you suggest . 
  far more likely reason is to celebrate the fact that even the man that scored one of the most decisive military victories over red army was also trained in war craft in russia . 
  i 'm sorry , you 're far too indoctrinated to argue with . 
  i mean , you just seriously stated that  over time , the term `` second world '' simply died out -- i have never actually heard it used in any kind of an income context aside from the german commenter above . 
  it 's difficult for me to even imagine someone so indoctrinated that they fail to realise the actual reason for it . 
  second world * no longer exists * . 
  no , that was the propaganda terminology . 
  countries like finland were not `` unusual '' , any more so than turkey , which strictly belonged to the first world and was a poor shithole until very recently . 
  your reaction is actually demonstrative of just how well us propaganda machine works . 
  you genuinely think that first world was about being wealthy , and you genuinely think that the actual meaning of the word `` came later '' because it conflicts with your perception , and that 's the only way to can explain it . 
  by definition of the word , that is correct . 
  we 're in good company . 
  so were swiss , swedish and many other wealthy but no politically aligned states for example . 
  the reason why `` first world '' is often assumed to be about wealth is propagandist message of cold war era . 
  i have no idea about poland , as i have n't been there , but i can tell you as a matter of a fact that russians are very welcome in finland and sweden . 
  we generally do not discriminate against tourists because of propaganda against their state . 
  it 's very much against our culture . 
  and at least here in finland , russians and estonians are by far the biggest ethnic minority and by far the best integrated one . 
  you certainly will get some idiots who do weird shit like some random granny having a public meltdown screaming at teenagers speaking russian in a bus , and those cases are rare enough to make news when they happen and get filmed by someone with their smartphone . 
  on your first and second points , empires are the ones with the actual significant offensive capability and imperial interests that typically dictate things like areas of interest that they project military power into . 
  smaller states are much lesser evil simply due to having far less ability to project military power . 
  on your last point , there was a piece of news , mostly being rather confused as to who did it . 
  no one from the finnish embassy was invited , and we found out about it after it happened . 
  which is odd , considering that man was president of finland after ww2 . 
  this is not exactly a new element . 
  my point was n't to lay accusations . 
  empires do false flag attacks quite a lot . 
  it 's a good way to begin hostilities without appearing aggressive . 
  my point is that empires fairly rarely actually own up to these less glorious points in their histories , and even when they do , they rarely do it in full , and instead choose to `` pretty up '' the facts or just make them a footnote in larger story of `` glory of homeland '' . 
  this applies universally to all empires , including modern ones . 
  this appears to indicate that russians either do not view themselves as inheritors of soviet empire , or if they do , they most certainly are far more critical of this imperial heritage than any citizenry of modern empire i know of . 
  which is a very good thing for those of us that live on their borders . 
  no one wants a repetition of 1930s and 1940s ( and frankly , 1920s either , which were of us attacking them in the name of ethnic `` tribal wars '' of the time ) . 
  and one of the keys to not repeating history is ensuring that people know it well . 
  i literally read the report you linked and pointed out the silliness of methodology used , evident in even cursory reading of the text . 
  that was the entirety of my `` attack '' . 
  `` how dare you read what i link , it 's an attack ! '', 
  though that certainly explains your angle . 
  some russian must have read something you linked in its entirety . 
  such a brutal assault is surely unforgivable and inhuman . 
  iceland has no standing army . 
  any day is a `` good day to invade '' by that metric . 
  point being that almost no country in europe fits this descriptor . 
  most lost either far more or far less . 
  european casualties during second world war fluctuated wildly between countries . 
  some lost huge portions of their populations , some lost almost none , some where in between . 
  it 's a pretty terrible analogy to make . 
  on topic , this is the story i was referencing : http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jun/14/more-than-8-percent-of-icelands-population-at-euro/, 
  as i recall , over 8 % of iceland 's total population left for france to watch this cup . 
  fellas on the field are delivering for the supporters . 
  back in 1990s , russia had a huge purge of soviet propaganda . 
  it was an extension of glasnost , and writers extremely critical of ussr regime were popular both in terms of historic books as well as fiction . 
  that 's one of the biggest points of contention i personally have with current propaganda wave in the west , that tries to sell us image of russia as some kind of haven for soviet propaganda . 
  they laugh at it , and have been doing so for last two and a half decades . 
  you can not reverse something like this within person 's lifetime . 
  and mind you , that article is not just `` reasonable '' . 
  it 's historically accurate , and widely accepted as the correct version here in northern europe ( and as far as i know , western europe ) . 
  your own request :  you made the assertion they are treated very well . 
  please provide support for that given you want every assertion to be peer reviewed . 
  and i mean now . 
  not during soviet times i have no more interest in engaging someone who is this malicious and pointedly dishonest in his hyperbolic claims . 
  good day . 
  i 've had a distinct pleasure of seeing soviet age book on topic . 
  it toed the absurd official line that we started the war by shelling a border village . 
  it 's not so much a surprise , as it is an encouraging sign of historians owning up to history . 
  it 's not that common in imperial states . 
  try to cross the river shooting people , like they did the last time ? 
  quick read , pages 206-207 are the relevant ones : translation begins : page 206 : after destruction of poland , ussr demanded mutual assistance pacts with baltic states [ goes over specific dates and specifics of the deals , such as placing military bases ] . 
  presence of soviet troops was used by ussr to subjugate these former parts of russian empire . 
  page 207 : in the middle of june 1940 , soviet government demanded formation of new governments in baltic states in a form of ultimatum . 
  under the threat of establishing full military control , governments agreed to soviet demands . 
  new `` people 's republics '' quickly addressed soviet union to request being included in the ussr as fellow soviet republics . 
  end of translation . 
  sounds very much like it 's taught here in finland . 
  ( by the way , thanks for the link . 
  it looks like they largely admit to starting winter war too , and even mention that this caused ussr to lose its place in league of nations . ), 
  it 's way down from post soviet period . 
  you were looking at  50 % back then . 
  this is way better informed that most people in imperial states are on minutiae of history . 
  swedish universities have studied the problem . 
  here 's an example : http://www.theoccidentalobserver.net/2015/05/swedishsurveyor-white-flight-in-sweden/ more in english on the same study : https://ktwop.com/2015/06/19/in-sweden-white-flight-is-triggered-with-just-4-non-whites-in-a-neighbourhood/, 
  as i said , the only card that parliament holds is veto power . 
  that 's it . 
  as a hyperbolic , but fitting example , consider this . 
  in imperial roman senate , plebeians had one representative . 
  he had essentially the same right as ep has today . 
  veto right . 
  that was literally the only word he could say .
