  all you need to argue * against * the same in islam * to its faithful * is to point at its holy book . 
  if secularism is at all possible in islam , it will have to take a dramatically different route . 
  the path that christianity took to it is completely closed for islam for reason of core theological differences on this very issue . 
  this actually demonstrates the real problem plaguing the banking sector right now . 
  lack of trust . 
  post good results ? 
  `` did you cook the books ? '', 
  post bad results ? 
  `` they must have it even worse , they got negative results even with book cooking '' . 
  no one trusts anyone to post real results , and as the system is driven by trust , everyone loses . 
   thankfully , many journalists do n't `` take this advice '' otherwise , we would have zero investigative journalism . 
  investigative journalists are not interviewers . 
  your depth of ignorance on grouping interviewing journalists and investigative branch of journalism together is only matched by your absolute faith in totality of your own knowledge . 
  this was this lady 's second interviewing session , at which point it 's a pretty good assumption that she wants to be an interviewer . 
  hence the coaching . 
  notably if she wanted to go down the investigative path , she failed even harder . 
  she presented zero hard evidence , and gave juncker a very easy way to dismiss her . 
  first rule of investigative journalism is to either engage the target directly if you have enough evidence at hand to hang them , or you have enough to convince them you have such evidence and a highly skilled interviewer ( note - person this is usually not the investigative journalist but interviewing specialist , as this scenario requires very high degree of interviewing skill ) who would be able to feed them enough rope to hang themselves . 
  i have never told anything like this to anyone , as that would be almost as asinine as your suggestions have been so far . 
  democracy is the system where , just as the name implies , ruling or some part of it happens by demos - the people . 
  in ancient greece , where this political system originated , only some people had rights to vote - they had nothing like suffrage we have today . 
  in modern western republics , democracy is typically what governs the election system to the leadership positions of the republics . 
  thing that you 're still missing though is the base nature that comes from difference of `` being political '' and `` adopting political nature while having none originally '' when it comes to religion . 
  to former , political aspect is something it can not cast aside and remain a religion . 
  to latter , it 's entirely possible . 
  that 's why we have secular states with clean separation of church and state across the west , but in islamic states , even suggesting this gets you executed ( most recent cases of this are in sudan where they hanged the preacher that dared suggest this , but there are plenty examples to this across islamic world ) . 
  worth noting that this is also why crusades were so scattershot in picking their targets and so horrific in brutality . 
  many of the people they got were in fact criminals seeking forgiveness for their sins . 
  in some cases ... 
  in reality , they want more eastern europeans , and to an extent americans and asians . 
  what ? 
  syria is the poor shithole of the region because it has almost no oil compared to its neighbours . 
  as such , it has one of the worst education systems in the region of oil-rich nations that can spend money on such things and very little need to produce such people beyond base necessity of the system , as there 's very little industry to employ them , and no wide reaching social nets needing such people either . 
  both are present in neighbouring states . 
  the `` syrians are well educated '' - meme was originally used to prop the pro-migration sentiment . 
  it has nothing to do with reality . 
  they barely managed to get their basic education system together about fifteen years ago . 
  their higher education system is still awful . 
  as a good point , the few `` doctors '' they managed to find among the syrians in sweden could not get licenses to practice medicine because the education quality of the few managed to find after scouring all the migrants they got was utterly awful . 
  factually false . 
  look up early times of christianity , and the fact that it had to essentially change to politicise itself just to survive the purges in rome . 
  that 's an irrelevant question , as even a lifetime of sinning can be forgiven if they martyr themselves for the faith of islam . 
  that 's why so many islamic terrorists do it after a secular life . 
  attack targeting unbelievers in the name of islam during which you die is a guaranteed forgiveness of your past sins and a free ticket to paradise for you and your family . 
   what self-respecting journalist would accept being talked to like this ? 
  any young and upcoming journalist that wants to have a career as an interviewer that is able of having such a career . 
  you get advice like this on everything when you 're a newbie , and if you take offense to it - your make mistakes and your career in the field ends , as those who actually listen to it will advance and get invited to such events again while you are left out . 
  again , this is n't solo work . 
  you actually need the other person to want to participate as well . 
  honestly , this is n't even unique to journalism . 
  most of the careers that involve complex communication with people in which many people vie for the small pool of top jobs , you will have advice handed to you like this . 
  `` do this if you want to have a career , because that is how the system in which you want to have career works '' . 
  to summarize : there 's a name for `` i have too much self respect to listen to a person with significant experience in the field giving advice '' people in these kinds of jobs . 
  unemployed and unemployable with `` does n't react well to criticism '' in their file . 
  youtube on the other hand produces almost no journalism whatsoever , and for a good reason . 
  it 's all about the persona of the youtuber and his audience . 
  so you get a massive amount of punditry instead , and very little of anything else . 
  your closing statement serves well to demonstrate the problem of extreme levels of entitlement you are talking about . 
  `` well if they want youtubers , they should give youtubers more things '' . 
  hint : ec can easily do without this event . 
  if they need publicity , there are plenty of outlets that will be very willing to take an interview with someone like juncker . 
  youtube itself however is pretty desperate to try to push into new fields , so it does n't stagnate into `` that place where you go for cat videos and punditry with too small of an audience for mainstream '' . 
  that 's why they take these deals , and sign the relevant contracts , hoping they actually evolve from where they are today . 
  and after performance like that , there will be far fewer mainstream people interested in doing it with youtube . 
  so youtuber wins 15 minutes of fame , ec head gets a `` meh '' as they dismissed her as trained politicians easily do with inexperienced interviewers , and youtube itself loses hugely , because it demonstrates that even when it cherry picks a set of youtubers , they ca n't even stick to the ground rules they signed to . 
  result : youtube remains a marginal factor in journalism . 
  and now you understand why the minder was giving her the advice that he did . 
  it fits * your specific definition * and nothing else . 
  generally used definition of democracy is agnostic in this regard , and has no stance on the issue . 
  you also appear ignorant to the fact that most modern democratic societies have strong oligarchic inclinations , simply due to the fact that oligarchy functions just fine within the democracy as is impacts different parts of power structures from democracy . 
  problem being that accuracy of such surveys is extremely doubtful , as many people with an agenda will say they were voting for one party , and now they 're voting for one they 're actually voting for their own ( creating momentum for the cause they support ) . 
  i would suggest that in these elections , you 'd have a significant number of people who would say that they voted for afd in the past , but voted for something else now , even though afd did n't even exist last elections according to the numbers . 
   no , democracy is shitty when it decides on issues ** that should ** be basic tenets of democracy , that is your opinion , rather than a fact . 
  we still do not have universal suffrage , as underaged people are not allowed to vote , non-citizens and most certainly non-residents are typically not allowed to vote and so on . 
  essentially , you 're still stuck in the mindset i outlined above :  `` democracy is shitty when its results do not align with my beliefs '' . 
  that is a patently anti-democratic mindset . 
  and democracy has absolutely nothing to do with human rights in the first place . 
  it 's a political system , not a movement for human rights . 
  sometimes they do , sometimes they do n't . 
  you 're painting the entire profession with the same brush . 
  broad generalisations stem from ignorance . 
  as i stated above , her culture ( and apparently yours ) are so different that you both read it as a veiled threat . 
  when it clearly was n't . 
   imagine if swiss women took a vote , with man not allowed to vote , and decided that man could never vote again . 
   would it be democratic ? 
  no , for a simple reason . 
  you included `` ever '' in your statement . 
  everything else is democratic . 
  people with voting rights most certainly can vote on issues . 
  what they can not do is prevent future votes from voting differently . 
   imagine that a party which has 51 % of the vote calls a referendum to ban all other parties from running for an election forever , and all supporters of said party vote `` yes '' . 
  would the ensuing dictatorship be `` democratic '' ? 
  same reason as above . 
  democracy provides tools to abolish democracy , yes . 
  the fact that you are incapable of even understanding this fact shows the depth of your ignorance when it comes to the subject . 
  this statement only makes any sense at all if you think that the only task of media is to function as a pr wing of authorities , reprinting their press releases . 
  in real world , mass media works 24/7 around the globe , reporting on relevant issues even when facing complete stonewalling by authorities . 
  the fact that you had the gall to suggest what you just did tells us a lot about your extremely illiberal political views . 
  question : what is the role of mass media in society ? 
  he only has a point if you answer this question with `` repeat whatever the authorities tell us , and never question any of it and try to find out on our own '' .
