  but being the best of awful does n't make you good . 
  they 're still more regressive and dogmaic than their neighbours , they 're still more oppressive and they 're still far more violent as a group . 
  the issue being that you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  you 're either doing massive war games and as a result demonstrating to be a significant potential to be an aggressor , or you do n't and you get to look peaceful . 
  that 's why both sides are amping up the ante and getting more hysterical by the day . 
  the more they prepare for defence , the more they look like they 're preparing to attack . 
  as a finn who has the utmost respect for those few who went against the mainstream in sweden at the time and came to help us , i want to say to this guy : `` fuck you asshole '' . 
  this level of insult , comparing monstrous torturers and head choppers to people who believed that their eastern neighbours had a right to be independent against stalin 's attempt to consolidate his power ... you can not be this ignorant of history . 
  it has to be intentional . 
  it 's not so much of an inferiority complex as the problem with the fact that essentially entire owner and upper elite class had to be swedish back during swedish reign , and it was n't until we were part of russia that finns were actually allowed to have any kind of impact on politics . 
  it was effectively an internal revolution , but much of country 's wealth is still disproportionately held by swedish minority even today . 
  mainly because we never really had an actual revolution that would forcibly redistribute wealth from former imperial masters to local population , as occurred in many other countries where their former imperial masters got dethroned . 
  that causes some internal friction to this day . 
  hopefully you 're right . 
  the only way greece is ever going to get pulled out of the mess it 's in today is more business , not less . 
  we were a grand duchy of sweden ( specifically started from southwestern finland and swedish conquest moved from there ) from 1581 to 1809 . 
  sweden lost us to russian empire in finnish war between sweden and russia and in 1809 we became grand duchy of russia . 
  then some very smart political moves were made by finnish political elite , such as helping lenin when he had to go into exile , and when he came in power , he agreed to sign our declaration of independence . 
  that 's why you 'll still find some statues to lenin around here . 
  of ussr leaders , it 's the stalin that is n't liked . 
  though younger generation is far more clueless about history nowadays . 
  in other news , sun rises from the east . 
  equally correct factoid . 
  also equally irrelevant to the topic being discussed . 
  we 're talking about tourists cities like antalya , notably topic set by yourself . 
  when someone has to start throwing random shit around instead of sticking to the topic , you know they are out of rational arguments . 
  that 's because crisis hit after most of the bookings were made . 
  this year will be the real test . 
  it 's much harder to hit tourist towns that it is to hit main towns . 
  those are far more locked down from local access . 
  any newcomer that does get through is going to stand out very vividly for residents . 
  with greece , there 's also help from desire to help their economy . 
  i have several friends who went to greece for last few years for that reason . 
  that said , refugee crisis offset it a bit last year and likely will continue to offset it this year . 
  it 's a last minute offer . 
  those are not meant to be hugely profitable . 
  they 're meant to cut on taking a loss from empty room . 
  us just released a terror warning for turkish tourist destinations . 
  additionally there has been a lot of negative publicity about turkey recently . 
  pretty sure 2 and 3 are negotiable , as everyone knows that jews are children of shaitan and root of all evil . 
  or as is put it , `` they broke the covenant and as such enjoy no protection '' . 
  interestingly enough , that depends . 
  jews were n't really `` safe '' anywhere in europe after ww2 . 
  anti-semitism was widespread after the war across the continent . 
  but many of the people building the soviet war machine and forming the soviet science community were in fact jews . 
  and stalin was known for making it least safe for those most important to him . 
  consider that molotov 's wife spent a very long time in siberian exile while her husband was occupying one of the highest positions in the country . 
   stop blaming russia , poland , baltics , romania , bulgaria etc all made through their hard times , but for some reason russia and anyone who allied with her did n't , it 's simply as that , that their culture is different and has to be changed in order to stop acting as corrupt hell hole . 
  why are you whining at me and not at the people testifying these facts then ? 
  peasants had significant problem with inbreeding in many places too , due to lack of mobility . 
  those best off were urban dwellers , due to larger availability of potential mates . 
  it is actually . 
  local inbreeding is a major problem . 
  let me educate you instead , as i 've actually worked with people who come to study specific genetic disease spread patterns and this was explained to me . 
  we have a very unique problem . 
  overall large gene pool across the country , but locally inbred . 
  essentially what happened is that due to difficult terrain and low population density , people tended to marry those who lived in a handful of villages in travel range of their own . 
  for centuries . 
  this resulted in what we have in finland . 
  very wide gene pool , but locally inbred to the extent where people in the east of the country have less in common with those in the west of the country than with those in karelian town across russian border . 
  this kind of inbreeding tends to significantly increase risk of specific genetic disease actually manifesting itself , and it 's so clear in our case , that we are one of the two destinations for people studying inherited diseases to travel . 
  other country with that problem is japan . 
  a thing to note is that after we built up the travel infrastructure and urbanisation occurred , this problem is getting solved very quickly . 
  overall diversity of the gene pool + mass concentration of people from across the whole country into few large cities = cessation of local inbreeding . 
  true . 
  i 've even seen openly racist and very much anti-us locals in india react positively to my black skinned us colleagues . 
  but boy did they treat their own low caste blacks like shit , in a very literal sense . 
  actually it does n't invclude a finn because of this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_declaration_of_independence, 
  slavemaster gets called , proceeds to call slave names because slavery is n't a thing any more . 
  must suck to be born into the calling , and find that it 's illegal nowadays . 
  i 'm interested though . 
  how does slaver define morale ? 
  is is anything like the imams defining how hard you should hit your wife and where you should hit her ? 
  slavemaster does n't ask . 
  he makes demands . 
  and when they 're rejected , he answers with abuse . 
  like you . 
   you do n't know what i know versus what i do n't . 
  you clearly outlined your ignorance on the issue . 
  it 's not about `` me knowing '' , it 's about `` you informing us all about it '' . 
   outside countries did n't cause the corruption that exists inside of russia . 
  also , russia is located on continents of europe and asia , it 's capital is moscow and you are quoting random irrelevant facts . 
  as for `` hard times in the 90s '' , the very people who were responsible for market reforms in russia openly spoke about planning reforms with promises for structural investment from organisations such as world bank . 
  these never materialized , which resulted in said `` hard times '' . 
  while it 's fairly clear that some of the blame is on russia due to its internal problems , a large portion of the blame does lie on the west for not honouring many of its pledges and promises . 
  it always amuses me that people like you demonise putin all while spouting the very attitude that put him in power . 
  ironic , if quite unfortunate for those of us living on the border . 
   i want citations for the claims you made in your first post without the goal post moving you have done in your second post . 
  then you will surely look for them . 
  i 'm not a slave of yours . 
  but thanks for showing that exact trait that people hate . 
  it makes a good cherry on the cake . 
  regardless , all the relevant information has been provided to you to do the research should you be interested . 
  break a leg . 
  while at it , you may look up the meaning of other words you 're using , such as `` chavinism '' . 
  hint : it does n't mean what you think it means . 
  systemic slavery . 
  b. crimean tatars , who conducted slave raids on behalf of their turkish masters , to be almost exclusively solely sold to them in crimean slave markets . 
  ottoman empire 's own slaving machine was far less efficient in comparison . 
  c. no one made this claim .
