  ep has no power to legislate , only power to approve . 
  council is a meeting of heads of state . 
  you purposefully ignored the eu structure that does have power to legislate , because it would immediately show that you have no leg to stand on . 
  the commission . 
   let 's talk about some specific problem instead of about how bad we feel , we can solve specific problems . 
  we ca n't solve bad feelings . 
  consequences brought by people like you have little to do with feelings and everything to do with one 's ability to live their life without people like you savagely destroying it socially , economically and in some cases violently . 
  to argue the way you argue after what we have observed being done to people stigmatized by folks like you is malicious to the extreme . 
   [ but muh living standards ] yes , this concerns the elite . 
  people like you . 
  pretentious urbanites with distinct hatred of those below them . 
  winners of globalisation who have nothing but hatred to offer those that lose in it . 
  those you hate you see , have been suffering constant degradation of their lives and general hopelessness for about a decade at this point at the very least . 
  and you are very happy with their suffering , for it does n't concern you . 
  which is why you attack them savagely when they dare to talk about their problems . 
   [ but your specific country ! ], 
  i 'm not as selfish , self-centred , egomanical or unempathetic as you . 
  i am willing to take a temporary reduction in my quality of life if that means that increase in severe societal turmoil at lower levels of society calms down and people get a hopeful view for the future again . 
  for i have seen where the path we 're on leads in history , and i have no interest in having to pick up a gun and then pick a side . 
  and yet , quite a few people appear to have understood it as they voted in a specific way . 
  seems like this attempt to dodge is also not going to work for you . 
  no cho choos here . 
  this one is nuclear powered . 
  we build the ship , russians install their own reactor into it . 
  if it 's a diesel , we usually also install the whole power plant and just sell the entire thing . 
  many of not most of russian ice breaker fleet are helsinki shipyard built ships with either w\u00e4rtsil\u00e4 or their own powerplants . 
  in fact , something around 2/3 of all icebreakers in the world are built in helsinki . 
  the main reason why russian usc bought that shipyard was to ensure they would have control over the main technology source for their ice breaker fleets . 
  they 've been graceful masters unlike koreans with stx in turku - they largely stayed out of the way other than as ensuring stable supply of orders for ship hulls ( in case of nuclear icebreakers ) and entire ships ( in case of medium sized diesels ) . 
  this is largely a consequence of the fact that we inherited the status of `` warsaw pact states and finland '' when it came to tolerance for importing technology during soviet union 's existence . 
  back then , we were allowed to export things to ussr that were considered to an extent strategic interests of the state , but not the very core of strategic interests . 
  which is why pretty much the only major class we do n't design and build is the heaviest arktika-class , which as i recall soviet union deemed a strategic interest they could not outsource to a friendly `` near abroad '' state . 
  so if you click through wikipedia 's list of ice breakers , you 'll find that almost all of them list [ current owner at the time of construction , helsinki shipyard ] as the builder : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_icebreakers that 's pretty much the main reason why our government actually lobbied for ttip . 
  they want to sell the same ships to us , and ttip would have opened the closed market ( right now , foreign entities effectively are not allowed to compete to sell these ships to us government agencies that operate them ) . 
  right now , us has utter junk for icebreakers and their ability to build new ones is at least two generations of technology behind ours and by extension what russians have , while paying something around 6-8 times more per ship . 
  that 's the odd part . 
  if this was about peddling conspiracy theories , misrepresentation and lying , wapo has done a lot more of that than polico when it comes to trump . 
  yet wapo is in and polico is out . 
  did wapo reach some kind of understanding with trump administration , or was this list arbitrary ? 
  i guess it 's clear that you will continue insisting to both go on irrelevant tangents and that you are a mind reader . 
  i guess we just have to agree to disagree on your telepathic abilities . 
   the eu has not attacked or diluted their national identity . 
  citation needed . 
  citations to contrary are plentiful , and many of them are listed as arguments in this very post . 
   the `` europhilic establishment '' has not been controlling their political and social lives . 
  it 's not like directives and norms issues by eu exist . 
  oh wait , they do . 
   how ? 
  the very post you replied to explains how . 
  you need but to read it . 
   what are you even talking about ? 
  `` they 're nationalist , fascist , nazist , racist , xenophobic '' . 
  and all the other wonderful words used to describe people in populist movement to socially stigmatize them . 
   at which point german companies would be able to buy themselves into those companies at bargain prices . 
  at which point local government blocks such purchase on strategic protections grounds . 
  refer to non-eu states protecting their key industries from such takeovers . 
  good examples can be found from us to japan and from china to australia . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i have in fact tried reaching out to people who argue using your points before . 
  and i have seen others try it . 
  it always ends in the same way . 
  intentional misunderstanding by the other party . 
  there 's only so many times that one needs to step on the same rake to draw the conclusion that it 's not the rake 's fault . 
  i read through the story , and it 's an excellent case of people in ivory towers airing their bigotry and ignorance of lower classes . 
  let me cite specific examples :  [ on pro-european arguments ] but , he added , `` what i can say from experience is that for the people who want to destroy europe , they 're not relevant . '', 
  people who vote against eu do not want to `` destroy europe '' . 
  they want to regain and reinforce their national identity and control over their political and social lives from europhilic estaliblishment which consistently ignored their interests and smeared them in this kind of negative , intentional or unintentional misunderstanding . 
  and then use social stigmatization as a tool of subjugation to force compliance . 
   `` germany was always a problem in europe , '' interjected andre wilkens , a berlin-based policy wonk who was one of the evening 's featured speakers but mostly sat and listened . 
  `` the eu was formed to solve that problem . '' absolutely and objectively false . 
  there 's nothing wrong with germany . 
  all major mainland european states have a history of doing conquest of their neighbours . 
  that 's how history works across millenia . 
  the problem is that german economy is so much stronger , and culturally so much more powerful in terms of economic productivity that it absolutely will crush many of the less capable european states if put into the same economic and monetary zone . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  it does n't make germany bad . 
  it simply makes the idea of common zone bad , because if such artificial construct did n't exist , market forces would drive the cost of labour in the weaker states down , enabling them to be able to compete with germany . 
  to reiterate . 
  problem is not with germany . 
  problem is with the artificial and forced binding of weaker economies into the same monetary zone as germany . 
   others got up to say that europe needed more solidarity , with germans leading the way . 
  it needed more of a sense of community . 
  this is the most domineering , authoritarian of arguments . 
  destroy the local cultures and unify . 
  this is one of the main objections to eu that most people who are against the eu have , because they like their national identities and have no desire to be forcefully made to conform . 
  this was the way ussr functioned in its efforts to suppress and eliminate expressions of national identity of member republics . 
  notably this extremely totalitarian `` destroy local cultures and force a pan european superculture on everyone '' narrative is prevalent throughout the story . 
  more citations of this angle being sold as a normal progression of pro-eu narrative :  let people vote for the parliament on a europe-wide basis , not country by country . 
  destroy any ability of smaller states to have any policy impact on eu . 
  large should rule , small should shut up and obey . 
   create more exchange programs between european countries ( several people pointed out after that suggestion that there are already a lot of such programs ) . 
  `` we just need to educate people '' angle . 
  for anyone who knows enough history to know what ussr 's policy on erasing national lines was , this line of thought is utterly terrifying . 
  and the most damning example of all :  come up with a true common language and get everybody in europe to learn it . 
  literally , destroy the very basis of having an national and cultural identity , and force unification . 
  these people lay out their arguments , which demonstrate very well why their totalitarian goals for the future must be stopped , before they do ussr levels of damage to national cultures . 
  even we call them `` poliisi '' . 
  you really are the most special snowflakes !, 
  it 's genuinely amazing how openly the elites publish their hatred of the lower classes nowadays . 
  there used to be a time when elites understood the limits on their power and ability to subjugate the populace in a democratic state and utterly ignore their interests in favour of their own .
