  perhaps as a part of nato , perhaps separately . 
  it 's pretty obvious that major military threats of medium to long term that we face are likely going to be common to all european states ( i would even add russia and other former ussr states located in europe that are currently considered belligerents like belarus ) . 
  essentially it 's going to be a war over cultural preferences such as right to have a government by the people for the people that is democratically elected , freedom of religion , freedom/privilege of unpopular speech and so on . 
  globally there are countries that have more people than entire european continent combined that find that these values are simply not something that is acceptable for them . 
  and there are cultures and religions that hold almost as many people that find our way of life so heretical , that it must be extinguished at any cost . 
  we 're going to need a military that can defend us and our interests against that when these parties decide to attack our interests , or even ourselves . 
  nato will have problems addressing this challenge simply because it 's too us-driven and our interests with us will likely diverge simply because us will have different security interests in long term as they are geographically in a far safer location than european states are . 
  i would argue that reforming nato would perhaps be an easier task here , though it 's unlikely that us would go for it . 
  it 's too used to using nato as a geopolitical tool of its own , and is unlikely to be willing to share the power within the existing alliance to a significant degree . 
  but building another power structure similar to what nato currently encompasses would be extremely difficult . 
  you know , you could pretend you 're not a us shill , but i guess the need to push the us military industrial complex advertisement just got the best of you . 
  fact : main role of nato is standardising equipment . 
  none of the major european nato nations use us equipment on a significant scale when domestic or european alternative is available . 
  most use domestic equipment , if they can not they use pan-european and then if that is impossible , they will go for us gear . 
  for example , fighters , where you below claim to have `` f16s and f/a -18 hornets dominating air forces of europe '' . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4yjxjg/corbyns_view_of_nato_which_has_since_been_deleted/d6ow7g8 except they do n't . 
  brits use eurofighter typhoons as their primary fighters , and panavia tornadoes as secondary and their main attack craft . 
  french use dassault rafales and mirage-2000s . 
  germans use eurofighter typhoons and some remaining f-4s which are being retired as we speak . 
  spain uses eurofighter typhoon and a few f-18s . 
  italians use eurofighter typhoons and panavia tornadoes . 
  essentially everyone else is small states that have marginal air force in comparison to these major old nato states . 
  all of these aircraft are completely standardised to nato standards , and allow for usage across the nations . 
  marine versions of the aircraft for example are typically certified to operate from french and us supercarriers ( i.e. 
  they can use same munitions , same missiles and so on , because everything is standardised within the alliance if at all possible . 
  it 's one of the main arguments for existence of nato . 
  even nato 's geopolitical opponents standardise their equipment for nato standards specifically because it makes it much easier to sell their equipment , when it 's compatible with everything else on the market . 
  `` siphoned millions '' over several years from system that processes over ten million interbank `` pay x amount to y '' messages a day . 
  i 'd call that a resounding success if that 's all they could get from a system that handles this much monetary requests . 
  the optimism was from the marxist theory that capitalism will eventually self destruct , likely catastrophically , due to its internal instabilities . 
  you would n't need to have new kind of money in play if old economies were still intact when captured . 
  read the das kapital if you doubt this - it makes it very clear that capitalism is destined to destroy itself . 
  that was the main guide book used by communism regimes in warsaw pact states to guide their strategic thinking . 
  she is a great leader for a nation that faces no significant existential crises . 
  for a nation on top of its prosperity with no strategic challenges , someone as detached and levelheaded , and at the same fully committed to pleasing the crowd is likely the best leader imaginable . 
  problem is , germany was that country in first decade of this century . 
  it 's not any more . 
  does nothern europe not count any more ? 
  it 's dark and boring in winters , nothing to do but to drink and fuck . 
  i guess that 's why russians just win that one straight up . 
  they 're both northern and they 're slavs . 
  hint : just because many people share your ignorance and your biases on a specific thread of a specific internet forum , does n't make your biases justified . 
  otherwise i could argue that both modern neo-nazis and their polar opposite , the anti-fa movement are just as justified on relevant forums . 
  next time , consider appealing to a better jury if that is going to be your argument . 
  especially if your argument is going to be . 
  and consider arguing on merits of your position next time . 
  and in some cases , consider introspection into your own motives , especially when you are as clearly projecting as you are . 
   no , that 's how you destroy minorities . 
  that is literally how almost every single modern large federal state came to be . 
  you can view it as `` destruction of minorities '' in the same way you view leadership with leadership so strong that it needs to be internally appeased through ceding land to them `` paper leadership '' . 
  just as in aforementioned case , it most certainly does not make your claims have anything to do with reality . 
  minorities certainly eventually become a part of larger federation through simple act of cross-breeding with others from the same nation , especially in modern age of mass transit . 
  to a ultra-nationalist , this is `` elimination '' . 
  we hear this argument from folks like the neo-nazis and modern alt-right , who claim that influx of migrants is a threat simply because it acts to eliminate local white populations in favour of those of mixed blood . 
  their grievances match yours to a tee on this specific issue . 
  i find it quite disagreeable personally , as do most rational people across europe . 
  i 'm not so attached to my white skin as to consider it more important than ideas of how society should run . 
  which should be your real grievance with russia , your cultural differences with them right now and how you view the society versus their views , and how ussr chose to adopt russia as the prime cultural exporter throughout itself . 
  whch often lead to forcible suppression of far smaller significantly divergent cultures that could not stand for themselves in the name of unification forcibly , rather than allowing them to unify as time passed into a natural mixture of cultures where best aspects of each culture win out and make it into the `` final '' product at that particular stage . 
  that is how almost all current cultures formed . 
   do you understand that this is a single case of realpolitik used for the 2nd biggest soviet republic ? 
  yes , and i 'm using it specifically as an example to show that leadership that needed to be appeased that way was most certainly not `` paper leadership '' . 
  the fact that you actually talk about realpolitik , which is grounded in reality rather than nationalist propaganda shows that you 're on the right track . 
  keep exploring the same path to find many more of such cases in history of ussr . 
  it 's fraught with them . 
  because state of ussr was n't any single republic . 
  it was in fact a federal state of ussr . 
   ussr = moscow party elite you 're sinking into illogical path even further . 
  just because some of them lived in the capital , as elites tend to generally do in federal states does n't mean that they are from the capital , or have anything to do with it . 
  again , a fact that is true for essentially every federal state in existence . 
   wonder why ... 
  considering the amount of illogical projections you made so far in this thread , i would imagine it would be about half of real grievances , and about half of the imaginary projections you have done so far . 
  good comeback , and you did n't forget to downvote either . 
  i present the point that it 's highly unlikely that you 're old enough for your claim to be true , even if you spent every waking hour of your life doing just that . 
   it 's logical that this language turned out to be russian , yet it 's illogical that one needed to russify the entire country . 
  not really . 
  that 's how you unify large federations in the end . 
  that 's why it 's important for small countries that prefer to have their own culture to resist this , because this drive on part of large federations will always exist , on every level . 
  even we finns were guilty of it in relation to \u00c5land , which was one of the first military conflicts that league of nations had to deal with . 
   that was nominal . 
  just words on a paper . 
  i just presented you with a concrete case of just how strong it was , and you just dimissed it as `` on paper '' ? 
  what , moving huge chunks of land to another republic just to win vote of the elite of autonomous region in the federal level competition is `` paper leadership '' to you ? 
  do you even understand the meaning of the word ? 
   appointed by moscow . 
  no , by ussr . 
  moscow was a capital of ussr , but its relationship with being a capital refers to housing the functions of the capital of the state . 
  it 's the state and its structures that did the appointing . 
  not the city and city 's structures . 
  those are all together different , and in fact remain so to this day , which is easily demonstrable by comparing moscow on almost any metric with russia proper . 
  you are engaging in essentially projecting your distaste of the soviet union upon a single republic within the union . 
  which should carry its own sins as it largely does , but you hoist a whole lot of sins of others upon it through pure projection . 
  i 'm impressed by your ability to find a random video on youtube talking about sweden and current hopes of its industry , projecting it wholly upon completely another state with it 's own industry , traditions and laws on the issue . 
  and then claim ignorance of the person who simply stated that he can in fact view wooden construction materials piled right outside the building being built with his own eyes . 
  surely there 's a limit to one 's arrogance ? 
  and now , for some evidence : http://www.vastavalo.fi/albums/userpics/11625/normal_20150318-_3180015jv.jpg http://img.yle.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/article6275539.ece/alternates/w960/rakennusty%c3%b6maa+omakotitalo+raksa+tontti.jpg http://lvinero.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/008.jpg http://img.yle.fi/uutiset/kajaani/article6825404.ece/alternates/w960/rakentaminen%20puu%20sahateollisuus%20puuteollisuus%20hirsi%20hirsiteollisuus%20veist%c3%a4minen%20alppisalvos%20talo%20saha.jpg https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-sjf667xobic/v4artl8czki/aaaaaaaacbe/dtpkploukiijfl0hq9junhguiuj2d3p3qclcb/s1600/wp_20160713_12_45_03_pro.jpg http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-rkpbcxxcf4a/t3hjdzznhdi/aaaaaaaachk/7cbc5_ttaac/s1600/dscn4789.jpg find many , many more examples by simply typing `` omakotitalo rakenteilla '' ( building of a town house ) into google images . 
  you forget that same divide and conquer applied to russia , which also lost huge chunks of territory to various smaller ssrs within soviet union . 
  russification happened because russia remained the biggest republic within the union , and union needs the same language . 
  it 's only logical that such language would be that of biggest republic . 
  refer to status of french in us for example , where similar thing happened to originally francophone colonies that were incorporated later .
