  current version is that he was suffering from internal damage of some kind in his skull . 
  external bleeding is completely irrelevant there . 
  we barely dodged multiple murders just recently . 
  ultra leftist animal right activists set a bus garage on fire with people sleeping inside . 
  they barely got out . 
  assholes were actually celebrating , openly declaring `` that 's what you deserve for working with a fur company '' . 
  banks threatening democratically elected government into ignoring results of democratic referendum . 
  what happened to you ? 
  you used to scream bloody murder at this kind of behaviour , and rightly so . 
  i like how you skipped my entire post , which actually outlined the basic conditions , and just focused only on the immediate event instead . 
  even after being told specifically to consider the environment in which it occurred ( as chance of same occurring is zero ) . 
  not sure where you got that , considering that jewish were massively * over * represented in soviet academia , and formed huge portions of their creme la creme - arms industry , not to mention less illustrous top end professions from doctors to writers . 
  heck , brezhnev had a speech in early 1980s where he denounced anti-semitism by name in front of the top of communist party , which was pretty unheard of in soviet union - official version was that everyone was equal , and to even mention on that level that not everything is perfect back before the glasnost was shocking . 
  pressure of israel 's brain drain potential was showing at the time . 
  that 's not to say that there was n't discrimination based on ethnicity in soviet union . 
  there was plenty , it was just swept under the rug , as were many problems in soviet union . 
  but official stance of the communist party after destalinisation has been that every ethnicity is `` equal '' . 
  that 's why aforementioned brezhnev 's speech was so shocking . 
   lithuania can not regulate energy policy of poland , and dictate which sources of energy poland should develop in their country . 
  and yet , that is exactly what happened the other way around . 
  the rest of it is still the same ignorance and empty buzzwords . 
  i recommend looking into why they disconnected them . 
  hint : you ca n't do that normally , not even in chernobyl . 
  they needed authorisation from pretty high up , and they were under severe pressure to compete and maximize efficiency at the time no matter what , at graphite and water moderated reactors were basically competing for which one would be the main reactor type in soviet union at the time . 
  cut throat competition between companies causes them to cut corners . 
  if you were `` asked '' , you do n't have to say `` yes '' . 
  problem is , you got pressured a bit , and you caved . 
  should 've done as czech guys did and stuck to your guns . 
  nope on sweden , twice over . 
  swedes have their hands full just keeping danish grid from collapsing whenever wind does n't blow enough to blows too hard . 
  they do n't even have the surplus power to sell to us next door . 
  it was a pretty major upheaval last year when we had a few failures at the same time during winter , and we almost came to the point where we had to start rationing power to keep the grid up by disconnecting some of the large plants temporarily . 
  and their nuclear production is not big at all . 
  in fact , they have made a decision ( currently suspended ) to close down existing plants , and they have n't built any new ones in a long time . 
  it 's a remainder of stalinism . 
  stalin had very caucasus-style logic , by which `` loyalty is about your ethnic tribe '' , which is true in caucasus to this day . 
  hence the deportation of `` enemy ethnic groups '' as a whole rather than targeting just the dissidents , and the horrors of stalin-era gulags . 
  this is mainly about negative connotations that date back to age of stalinism and that were largely purged in destalinilsation era - the concept of `` enemy ethnicity '' . 
  it was rooted in stalin 's georgian roots , as in caucasus ethnicity is often the main denominator if your neighbour is `` friend of foe '' to this day . 
  as a result , many ethnicities were in fact uprooted by stalinist policies and deported en masse . 
  it was fairly common back then to bribe people to change your ethnicity to major one like russian , ukrainian and so on that was viewed as `` friendly ethnicity '' by the state . 
  this system , as i mentioned , was purged during destalinisation , but the mention of your ethnicity/nationality stayed as a bureaucratic remainder of that time . 
  just england , and just ones that were forced to be caught , as police demonstrably was protecting said gangs against the law . 
  in environment like this , that 's not even the tip of the iceberg . 
  have you even read what i typed out , or did you just come here to spout the ridiculous hyperbole ? 
  the woman in the article specifically outlines the fact that she went into all out fraud just to get into the program which was never intended for people like her in the first place . 
  actually not quite . 
  it was n't so much nato , as it was french , us and uk , italian , turkish and qatari coalition with smaller states coming in later . 
  nato had to take over the command structure however , because there was so much infighting between the command structures of each participant in the early parts of the conflict . 
  so while you can describe coalition as `` nato '' , it 's not quite the entire truth . 
  there are non-nato members in it , and it nato was n't originally intended as a participant . 
  it was more or less strong armed into it , because it had a functional command structure for multi-national coalition , and that was the part that simply was n't working in the initial stages of the intervention . 
  shall we ask the locals who support taliban ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'd give you an answer you wo n't like . 
  add to that the infamous picture album by hensingin sanomat where they got some really nice shots of our guys patrolling poppy fields to keep them safe , and your proclamations of `` we were n't really part of the occupying force , honest '' get to look about as honest as us/french/uk proclamations of `` no fly zone in libya '' meaning `` permission to bomb anything in the area '' . 
  reminder : if you disagree with facts , and other people point it out to you , it 's not `` trolling '' . 
  it 's pointing out the facts to someone ignorant of them . 
  actually he can . 
  case to point : our participation in afghan war . 
  it 's simply rebranded as `` peacekeeping '' . 
  `` no fly zone '' meaning that nothing bigger than a fly above ground was allowed , including vehicles and people . 
  this argument is insane . 
  every system in the world can be subverted . 
  it does n't make every system in the world `` broken '' . 
  my understanding is that uk is buying the b model , which is replacing the harriers . 
  it 's functionally rather bad replacement for tornado , because operational costs would explode , while capability would go down . 
  f-35 has no stealth in the mode which lets it haul a significant attack payload , and at the same time it can not operate as long as tornado can due to restrictive maintenance requirements on the f-35 . 
   the purchase price on aircraft , when you look at them ( at least from the mod . . ) include service costs over the life of the aircraft . . 
  this is often misunderstood . 
  the service costs are a projection . 
  just like costs of f-35 early in the project have been a projection . 
  tell me , what happened to the cost projection of f-35 so far ? 
   that 's true , largely because they are more complicated , but not to a massive degree , and certainly not when you are talking about the older airframes they replace . 
  not quite . 
  the main culprit is the skin . 
  the maintenance regime it requires is extreme , and wear and tear during operational time is severe . 
  you also have serious issues with computer maintenance not present on tornados . 
  one of the main reasons why tornado is still largely not replaced in many of the european states as main attack craft is because it 's very cheap to operate , and it has very good hour in the air to time of maintenance needed on the ground ratio . 
  it can do sustained attack campaigns . 
  all evidence we have so far suggests that f-35 is technically incapable of pulling anywhere near this ratio even in best case scenario projected in remote future . 
   the f35 is replacing a set of aircraft that are approaching the end of their useful lives , and have gone through a series of very expensive upgrades to keep them in service and operational ... biggest problem with harriers is that there 's genuinely no replacement for them . 
  the only comparable aircraft in the world was soviet , and it 's modern variant ( from which much of f-35 was derived under license ) never left prototyping phase . 
  when it comes to tornado though , world is full of attack craft replacements that are simply better than f-35 in all relevant ways - costs , reliability , payload , time in the air to time on the ground ratio , and much of the capability ( f-35 is not a stealth aircraft in strike configuration ) . 
  consider reading the story again , this time with more attention . 
  the premise outlined is actually clear . 
  the program is subverted by domestic workers in poor countries wanting a better wage . 
  so instead of being students ( who make overwhelming majority of legit au pairs across western world ) , they are workers who come for a wage . 
  and when they subvert the system from cultural exchange to employment , they also become vulnerable to issues that generally plague the kind of work they want to do . 
  do n't subvert the system - and you wo n't have these problems . 
  there are always cultural exchange horror stories , but most au pair exchange programs are usually quite popular . 
  go do your exchange student year as au pair , live with a family rather than in a dorm , get immersed in local culture through familial ties of host family , and get home making experience from another culture . 
  that is the goal of program . 
  the fact that it 's being subverted by some domestic workers in poor countries to be able to work in a rich country without work permit does not mean that program is bad . 
  it means that people subverting the program are bad . 
  and that first and foremost includes the workers and `` agents '' who subvert the system . 
  i can understand the problem with eu strong arming . 
  as i recall , similar things were asked of czech republic ( it was called that at the time , do n't kill me ) and temelin plant . 
  they did n't let themselves be strong armed into it though . 
  problem with your cited study and wall of text following it being that it does n't address my thesis in any way . 
  instead it interacts with an absurd thesis of your own .
