  they have a kill radius and maim radius , and you really ca n't control what happens to those in it . 
  especially when you 're trying to wage a war where parties do n't just hide among civilian population , but are civilian population . 
  there 's a reason why the war is called `` civil war '' . 
  and frankly , considering the sheer amount of blood shed so far , whining about a `` potential future risk '' because this gives you a chance to peddle your political agenda is revolting . 
  this is a civil war . 
  all major participating sides are known to purge entire cities of civilians in intentional targeting . 
  i rest my case on `` man so stuck in propagandist message , he 's straight up willing to take his prejudice and just shove it in face of anyone who dares to point out how he 's prejudiced , because those subhuman russians are just that evil '' . 
  issue being that they are not in control . 
  they are just a part of it . 
  islam itself actually outlines this , in granting specific exceptions to muslims acting against islamic values until they take political control . 
  blasphemy does n't . 
  religious fanatics representing religion that says that blasphemy needs to be punished by death and that it 's every follower 's duty to make sure the punishment is administered harms countless people . 
  hint : there 's a reason why south park will blaspheme against all major religions but one . 
  brilliant way to cash in on political tensions . 
  want to vote now and in a way other people in the place will see you vote ? 
  pay us to do so . 
  it 's normally considered better to fix something that generally works but is n't perfect than to just burn it to the ground because `` fuck it '' . 
  that is not the reason why some people want to ban cluster munitions . 
  you 're talking about any high explosive weapon with shrapnel as payload . 
  not even the craziest of the `` peace and love for everyone '' style hippies suggested banning those . 
  they do have them . 
  quite a few in fact . 
  google `` children of the olympics '' . 
  also google `` internationalism in soviet union '' . 
  the difference is that they did n't import any as slaves , but instead as an attempt to educate/indoctrinate them into their ideology , with goal of spread of communism . 
  as a result , they were treated very well , since the entire point of the exercise was to give them a great impression of ussr . 
  but yes , russians are evil to their core , truly subhuman , even when they 're self-evidently better . 
  when you wonder why russian media calls westerners `` nazis '' . 
  look in the mirror . 
  you 're the reason . 
  thanks for giving them ammunition to paint us all with your prejudice . 
  that concerns `` intentional targeting of civilians '' , not `` killing civilians '' . 
  for example , making a drone strike that kills entire family at a time is not illegal under that law , as long as the targeted person was in fact an acceptable target , such as enemy militant , enemy of state , enemy soldier and so on . 
  on the other hand , blowing oneself up in the middle of civilian crowd with a goal to inflict as many civilian casualties as possible is in fact against that law . 
  the difference is in the intention of the attacker . 
  you appear to think that cluster munitions somehow change the definition . 
  they do not . 
  they kill and maim just as non-cluster weapons do . 
  the main reason why there 's a separate convention to ban them is the increased risk of unintended casualties after the strike , due to unexploded munitions is higher . 
  it 's pretty much the same problem you encounter when building new buildings in germany for example . 
  you still get an occasional allied bomb that kills and maims construction workers that accidentally happen to hit one and blow it up . 
  since we 're expecting trouble , i 'm bringing along my tank . 
  that 's 3310 . 
  i could probably break turkey in half if i dropped it though , so i advise caution in engaging me . 
  note to self : wear diving goggles when visiting turkey . 
  the appropriate question is actually `` but will it have a goat for president 's personal use during his visits '' . 
  how at all is the statement that `` as you make comparisons that are utterly inane suggests that you do not have significant expertise in the subject '' a baseless attack on your person that detracts from the discussion ? 
  this subject is highly technical , and requires significant and deep comprehension of bioengineering . 
  anyone can hold an opinion on it , but as noted above , opinions are like ass holes . 
  everyone has one . 
  whether it is a credible opinion is another matter , matter that is crucial to this discussion . 
  therefore it 's important to establish one 's capability to discuss the subject topic in significant depth with credibility . 
  something you clearly demonstrated to not possess by making two aforementioned comparisons . 
  and it 's not as if i put myself above this either . 
  i specifically note above that i do not consider myself an expert on the issue . 
  you made those exact comparisons in two previous posts . 
  it 's rather pointless to deny them now that they are spelled out above , do n't you think ? 
  as for disproportional penalties , you may or may not be correct . 
  i have n't studied bioengineering to a degree necessary to understand the specifics that far . 
  i just understand the general concepts behind it . 
  if you hold a doctorate or similar level of education and experience in that specific subfield of bioengineering and understand the topic enough to actually make this judgement based on knowledge , i would listen with great interest . 
  unfortunately , based on two utterly inane comparisons you made above , i strongly question your credentials to argue this particular topic even at level i comprehend it , much less level necessary to actually debate the necessary minutiae of the issue . 
  none of these things are a `` single new technological invention '' . 
  you 're full of false equivalences today . 
  `` all inventions are same '' . 
  false . 
  `` all events endangering the global food supply are the same '' . 
  also false . 
  for you perhaps . 
  in this regard , your statement is obviously false on merits , as demonstrated by the fact that reddit 's voting system , as terrible as it is does allow people to react to things that they can make sense of . 
  not in the nearly same way . 
  new propulsion mechanism for ships is unlikely to threaten global food supply . 
  runway invasive weed with resistance to glyphosate on the other hand ? 
  absolutely . 
  no , it is factually an inherently risky process , as in there are risks inherent to process of genetically engineering food . 
  that 's why gmo producing companies take huge amount of precations , and at one stage even considered implementing self-sterilizing `` terminator gene '' in any produce to try to ensure it would not get out of control . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to read through the whole thing , read through the faq section on content . 
  it 's quite informative in itself , and only a few pages in total , in a very readable format for a layman . 
  next false equivalence : `` way of life in pursuit of religious ideals '' is the same as a `` comprehensive system of life '' . 
  it 's a continuation of the same circular logic i mentioned above . 
  and i do n't mind even if you are rude , which you were n't . 
  i 'm something of a hard liner when it comes to freedom of speech , so if you need to be rude to spell your point out , go ahead . 
  the key issue is getting your point across . 
  which i did , sadly , from the start . 
  the standing problem remains and you do in fact spell it out in spite of your initial denial of it in your long clarification : you do not comprehend the difference between legal system and religion . 
  to you , religious guidance , and comprehensive legal system are one and the same thing . 
  as i noted above , i know of only two groups of people who share this line of thought . 
  hardline islamists and hardline marxists . 
  former do it because they project their own religion , which is a part of comprehensive system of life rather than just religion on everyone . 
  latter do it because they view religion as an enemy and people as classes rather than individuals , which makes anyone belonging to a class that has religion as a base belief an systemic enemy . 
  i 'm not sure which teachings have influenced you to a degree of denial that you are espousing . 
  i think i can clearly simply repeat myself at this point , as you have demonstrated that point to be correct in your last post :  also , if you think that 10 % difference for a company that has over 300.000.000.000 usd in yearly revenue is not a huge number , you 're not the person who can particupate in a discussion on economics with any kind of authority . 
  actually revenue is the key metric and profit , so long as it 's reasonly good is mostly redundant when it comes to company 's economic activity . 
  former is the key when measuring stability of the company and its political influence . 
  you may also note that some of the best investors like warren buffet specifically use your argument to point out that `` new tech '' companies are highly unstable and generally do not recommend their stock for any long term investment , specifically because they systemically fail to generate revenue and have a nasty tendency of going belly up very rapidly due to lack of momentum on the market , generated largely by their lack of revenue . 
  that is before you even consider the fact that the main reason why one specific unit shows so much profitability is because of internal decision to concentrate profits into it over those divisions that manufacture parts and are internally marked as selling parts at cost . 
  also , if you think that 10 % difference for a company that has over 300.000.000.000 usd in yearly revenue is not a huge number , you 're not the person who can particupate in a discussion on economics with any kind of authority . 
  yes , you chose to engage in another false equivalence , arguing that just because both law and religion work as motivators , they are essentially the same thing . 
  by that logic , hunger is also the same as religion , as is itch , sexual desire , and countless other motivators of action . 
  again , just because you choose to engage in drawing false equivalences does n't mean that they are not false equivalnces .
