  so if your beliefs are that you need some kind of magical ethnic purity test for this , you already lost centuries ago . 
  there 's no one , including racists themselves that are pure enough finns . 
  and as i said , what matters for nationalism is culture . 
  do you dismiss a sami who moves to helsinki and joins ps on their nationalist platform because he 's not ethnically finnish ? 
  do you dismiss a finnish swede with same platform for the same reason ? 
  what about inkeri finns from western russia ? 
  estonians ? 
  western russians themselves ? 
  finnish roma ? 
  would you dismiss a child adopted from another country by two finnish parents ? 
  why ? 
  does her skin colour make her upbringing and culture any less finnish in your eyes ? 
  will she not learn all the same things from her parents that her ethnically finnish siblings will ? 
  and if that is acceptable , what stops you from accepting even a first generation migrant , as long as he completely accepts your culture and makes a great effort to integrate into it ? 
  if anything , he 's your standard bearer . 
  he is someone who came from another culture , and saw that your culture is superior for the country and made effort to get fully assimilated into it . 
  he is the dream of any truly nationalist movement . 
  that any people that come to the country will accept it 's culture and assimilate into it . 
  society survives because people assimilate into its culture and carry it on . 
  with world interconnecting , it 's inevitable that there will be more and more intermixing of various peoples . 
  what 's important is that their children adopt our culture when living on our land , and become like us . 
  that is how small states like finland can continue to exist . 
  in discussion about distinct degrees of problems caused by racism , certainly . 
  in discussion about existence of racism , no . 
  this discussion is the latter . 
  that is how you keep a strong welfare state . 
  you crack down on abuse . 
  it 's policing the rules . 
   the initial argument was that non-muslim immigrants are n't bad and muslims immigrants are , which by far and large is correct . 
  christians generally do not self segregate , do not have a culture that dictates that they need to conquer the state they migrated to and forcibly convert it through terror and so on . 
  islamic migrants have these problems in significant numbers . 
  it 's a cultural problem . 
  now , if you want to pretend that the only argument being presented here is the strawman of `` none of them vs all of them '' rather than `` few of them vs many of them '' , that 's on you and no one else . 
   he was beaten in the elections ... but whatev . 
  i do n't know what alternate reality you reside in , but he has won the elections so far . 
  that 's why he 's occupying the post he is in . 
   sure he is . 
  your trump is basically bernie sanders . 
  but unlike the vermont senator , trump is not going to tax the rich to give it to the poor , but he is going to cut the taxes of the rich so they may or may not give it to the poor . 
  again , you 're in alternate reality . 
  read the argument presented , and stop hallucinating what was said . 
   [ on trust ] you missed the point . 
  the entire purpose of mass media within western constitutional republic with democratic election system is to inform people on those who are in power or aiming to get to power . 
  this requires sufficient amount of objectivity as to keep people trusting you do actually do this job . 
  when people trust you less than the person who 's in power , you failed at your task as fourth estate completely . 
  this is not a small failure , but a pan-societal catastrophy . 
  we as the people need a functioning fourth estate for the functioning of the state . 
  the fact that media chose to discard any semblance of objectivity and just act as an opposition party with nothing but constant smear campaign , as occurred with trump both pre - and post-election is the reason why it failed . 
  it will have to reinvent itself and it will have to do it fast , because societies with democratic election systems do not function well without a reasonably objective and trustworthy fourth estate . 
   [ on system of rule ] the fact that you chose to state that difference between democracy and constitutional republic is `` semantics '' shows the depth of your ignorance . 
  i implore you , do what i suggested and learn about the actual facts of the matter . 
  because in plain democracy , there would be blood at this point . 
  you 'd be in civil war , because democracies with 50/50 splits end up with severe oppression of the loser which commonly results in civil wars . 
   do you think the democracy ca n't be dismantled totally lawfully step by step ? 
  it can . 
  however nothing in trump 's actions so far has even hinted that this would be something he even considers as a viable path , much less something he would be attempting to do . 
  the fact that you even consider this tells just how badly you are affected by the smear job that failed fourth estate in us is conducting . 
  that is why i 'm saying that failure of fourth estate is so catastrophic for the society . 
  people need to understand who and what they are voting for and against . 
  with mass media 's current actions , there is no way to do so without bypassing them entirely and going straight to the sources , which is time consuming and requires significant understanding of the underlying systems . 
  this is something that few voters can do . 
   yeah it 's extremly disturbing when the president is criticised for doing something . 
  :( poor pres. 
  he is only the most powerful man on the earth . 
  :'( ** your cognitive dissonance is so bad , it made you hallucinate that my argument was the exact opposite of what my argument was . 
  ** my argument was that freedom of speech , and by extension freedom of critique applies to all branches of government . 
  * all * of them . 
  and that your suggestion , that it 's okay for other branches to criticise the chief of the executive , but it 's wrong for the chief of the executive to criticize members of other branches is dangerous . 
  and you literally turned this argument 180 and suggested that i said that it 's bad that chief of the executive branch is being criticised . 
  this is the extreme cognitive dissonance at work . 
   look i see that i was wrong that you are a trump fan . 
  you are more of an obsessive contratarian person , who has to reject the mainstream way of thinking . 
  you just love being the devil 's advocate , because it makes you seem smarter . 
  actually , i 'm an avid scholar of history , and the fact that your line of arguing has become popular scares me severely , because this particular path is well travelled within our species . 
  and it ends in a lot of blood . 
  blood drawn by misguided people gripped deep in cognitive dissonance so badly , that they can not even comprehend the arguments of the opposing side without flipping those arguments 180 . 
  this prevents any kind of dialogue , resulting in a situation where the only solution is application of force . 
  which often starts with people who can not comprehend reality react to perceived threat that does n't exist , with overwhelming amount of force , which eventually triggers a response , which causes a cascade of uncontrolled force . 
   see ? 
  this is where you are projecting . 
  i listed an objective example of the problem within the media doing nothing but smear jobs on people it chose to smear instead of actual journalism , reality be damned . 
  what did you even think i was projecting and on what ? 
  the meltdown is real . 
  no ability to talk about facts , or address the arguments , just personal attacks , hatred and copy/paste smearing . 
  literally , the only thing left to you is clearly to attack the fact that i happen to play games , because my posting history in geopolitics reddit shows that i do in fact have the capacity to discuss problems at length far beyond what you have shown to be able to express in this thread . 
  for the last time . 
  you are utterly fixated on the word `` christians '' and are erecting massive strawmen and arguments that were n't ever even made to support this . 
  if this words blinds you to everything else this much , replace it with `` culture '' . 
  does this help you understand his problem ? 
  it 's worse across the eu because one of the worst effects of eu has been the homogenisation of ruling class . 
  this resulted in similar policies being pushed across the in form of directives , which had to be embedded in national legislation across the member states . 
  thing that keeps europe reasonably socially together is the system of wealth transfer from rich to poor . 
  but that is coming apart due to intra-union competition between the states , which is essentially causing haemorrhage of wealth from periphery to germany . 
  which increases the chasm between elites and populace as elite keeps getting more and more disconnected from the poor in their states . 
  this is true even here in nordics . 
  i could list you examples that range from things like time you 'd have to wait to get your sick child to see a doctor . 
  rich can afford to do it instantly in the private sector , poorer people have to go to overloaded public sector and often spend hours in a queue , first going to the nurse , who will ascertain that your child does indeed need to see a doctor , and then you get a doctor 's appointed a for a few hours later , essentially burning entire school/workday on it . 
  it seems small , but when it 's your child , any parent has a severe reaction . 
  and that 's just one example out of many that come from the increasing disparity in wealth . 
  migrant crisis makes for an excellent point as well .
