  which is in a direct opposition to your claim that it does not . 
  this entire thread , in case you have n't noticed , is about discussing the impact of current migrant crisis on lives on average people in europe . 
  you choose to pretend that topic instead was something all together different to push a dogma . 
  that would be because it 's moscow , which is by far the most expensive city in the entire country . 
  there 's a reason why it 's classified separately in most relevant economic reports from the rest of the country when it comes to costs of living . 
  you seem to forget that your costs are largely equivalent . 
  as a point of comparison , monthly rent in helsinki , finland is around 700-900eur per month . 
  gasoline is around 1,4 eur per litre , and reasonable eating habits are going to set you back a couple of hundred a month . 
  sure , you get paid more . 
  but your expenditures are going to go up at the same rate . 
  if he can : 1 . 
  fit in culturally . 
  fit in linguistically . 
  have actually needed skills . 
  have actually needed experience . 
  chance of having all four is almost non-existent if you have n't already had experience working in target country . 
  and it 's going to take a lot of hard work to get these if you do n't already have them , which will take time and effort . 
  with no guarantee of payout . 
  i 'm going to burn for this , but ... `` this is significant because it 's an ~ ~ italian ~ ~ portugese actually working ! '', 
  on a less humorous side , what exactly would you see him do otherwise ? 
  he likely has a family to feed and he did n't get elected . 
  in politics , you do n't earn a living by coming second in election for a single seat . 
  edit : apparently i suck at european geography in the monday mornings . 
  apples and tractors . 
  reconnaissance aircraft exist to fill the specific void that is left by satellite surveillance even today , that is on demand reconnaissance . 
  something that is effectively impossible by satellite because of their low orbit and laws of physics . 
  this has nothing to do with radar detection , or identification of small aerial targets . 
  you also do not have even the most basic understanding of what radar even is to make the comparison you make . 
  radar , just as the name suggets is a system that can send a signal at specific frequency and then look for the echo of the signal in case there is something out in the direction of the sent signal to reflect it . 
  ground based radars need significant size and power to operate . 
  this is not a `` speculation '' . 
  these installations are typically stationary , extremely large and easily visible both from space and in the specific frequency in which they operate , as to have the ability to scan their operating area , and beat laws of physics which dictate that strength of the beam weakens square of the distance they need to emit at extreme power . 
  smaller mobile systems such as russian s-xxx systems and us patriot systems have more mobile radars , which are stil easily traceable by their signal emitters . 
  their security is achieved through having multiple emitters spread around alongside many dummies , so that destruction of these easily traceable emitters does not cripple the entire system . 
  again , presence of these systems is easily established . 
  when steel curtain fell , us specialists reported that in terms of actual ground radar efficiency , russians were at least a decade ahead of the west if not more . 
  this was largely because of the strategic needs - us focused its detection efforts in the air ( awacs ) which allowed them to have an inferior radar for same results ( no distortions from horizon ) . 
  inferior radar because of size and power constraints - you obviously can not have a radar of comparable power and size mounted on an aircraft . 
  strategic ground installations got more attention in russia which had to defend the single largest state in the world from all directions , and as a result , just like russians were behind in awacs style large aerial radars , russians were ahead in stationary radars . 
  one last time . 
  there is a reason why all relevant states , including us do in fact send aircraft when russians buzz them even with huge and slow aircraft like tu-95 right near their borders where they do in fact have these huge strategic installations and where radar horizon is low because it 's an ocean . 
  that is because there is no realiable way to identify what it is you see on your radar screen otherwise . 
  you have to claim that turkey has a system that no one , including us and russia have to make the claims turkish officials did . 
  i listed established facts alongside with basis from which these facts are drawn . 
  facts , unlike opinions , are not a matter of personal preference , but a matter of establishing evidence for them . 
  for example , # 4 facts are easily traceable from looking at public housing rules , as well as comprehending that those that are released from holding centres are classified as `` homeless '' which automatically puts them in a highest possible category , well above most locals who only need an apartment for `` social reasons '' such as moving out to another city to enroll in a university , needing a new apartment as a part of family splitting up and many other similar reasons . 
  these people have an urgent need , and often their need helps economic situation ( i.e. 
  students getting education so they can enter workforce ) . 
  there will be local children suffering as a result of this because divorced parents will be forced to live together creating an explosive situation as apartment they should have gotten goes to immigrants , and they can not afford to pay a significant premium that is going up even further because of migrant crisis in the private sector . 
  these are not `` opinions '' . 
  these are fact . 
  hard hitting facts at that . 
  ignoring these in favour of specific quasi-religious dogma as you do makes you a monstrous human being . 
  they have `` canards '' which are small protrusions that are almost impossible to make out from the ground without significant magnification . 
  they are also present on all modern flanker family aircraft . 
  the main thing that actually differentiates this particular aircraft is rear facing radar radome . 
  unfortunately that is also very difficult to see from the ground . 
  su-34 is built on the same baseline airframe design and shares the same shape with entire flanker family . 
  your claim is hilarious . 
  in fact , quite a bit of news media outlets ( including the one i read the story initially in , finnish state broadcaster ) actually presented incorrect stock picture because of visual similarity of the aircraft and had to issue a correction . 
  not to even mention that these are high altitude attack craft , and discerning shape from the ground , even if you had someone who actually saw the aircraft , is quite hard . 
  these are strike fighters , which are quite small in size and not very well visible from the ground in terms of their shape . 
  no , that belongs to `` common sense '' . 
  there 's a reason why everyone , including european powers , us and russia send aircraft to identify who they see on their radar . 
  because radar does n't have a clue what they actually see . 
  it just tells you that something is there that is reflecting the signal and gives you distance to the target . 
  you need actual aircraft in visual range for identification . 
  turkey 's claim is simply impossible , unless they have some sort of top secret new technology that us , eu states and russia do n't possess . 
  claim # 1 : no additional cuts made this year due to refugee crisis . 
  patently false as size of the crisis started to become apparent in the middle of previous year when some of these decisions were made . 
  to pretend that they did n't affect them is to pretend that politicians live in a perfect bubble . 
  they may live in a kind of a bubble , but most certainly not a perfect one . 
  claim # 2 : unions are as strong as sitting government . 
  patently false . 
  unions have no impact on foreign policy , limited impact on domenstic policy and very limited impact on budget . 
  all of these things are direct responsibilty of a government . 
  to suggest what you suggest requires complete lack of comprehension of how government and political system works in finland . 
  claim # 3 : government is happy about immigration because it lets them scapegoat . 
  patently false . 
  government 's democratic support numbers are in the gutter , and 2/3 parties in the government make a point of being humanitarian and not blaiming refugees . 
  instead , they are willing to blame everything from russia to bad economic situation to unions . 
  but not refugees . 
  only the finns party is willing to call refugee crisis a main problem . 
  claim # 4 refugees have no priority in housing . 
  patently false . 
  cheap public housing is available on `` need '' basis . 
  refugees being considered the most vulnerable get priority as their need is judged to be highest possible . 
  overall , you managed to get every single claim wrong . . 
  did you even read the translated version ? 
  it 's right in it  long before the disappearance of the girl she had apparently had sexual contact to a turk and a german turk . 
  the authorities in the framework of the investigations were aware of it . 
  berlin prosecutors investigating the two men suspected of severe child sexual abuse . 
  it does actually , because you really ca n't break agreements any more than swedes did . 
  russians have less obligations as we do not have equivalent of dublin agreement signed between us and russia as we do between us and sweden , and yet they control the border better . 
  then we most certainly have very different views on our nation 's people helping each other . 
  russia so far has been a far better neighbour in this regard than sweden , in spite of the fact that they have a whole lot more of these migrants , they 're in a much worse financial situation and they have far less obligations as they are not a part of eu or shengen , unlike sweden . 
  considering your views , should n't you be focusing on the far bigger problem on the western border first ? 
  we obviously can , because they are migrating . 
  the world is merely a descriptor of process of migration and completely agnostic to reasons behind it . 
  what an odd argument to have .
