  you invented it . 
  claim was made that a policy existed to do this ( see a. ), 
  some obviously managed to avoid it , through bribery , running away and so on . 
  d. see c. on your last point , i do n't know . 
  it seems to me that most of the world does n't hate europe . 
  in fact many are rushing here for a chance to live here . 
  of the rest , many appear to enjoy products of our age of enlightnment and western values . 
  about the only haters are those who hate the values of enlightnment . 
  you know , religious extremists like is , or dogmaic ultra leftists that appear to value people based on how oppressed ( in their ignorant opinions ) people are . 
  you do n't even know that pro-soviet forced orchestrated a putch with goal of restoration of ussr 's policies , and russians came in droves to drive them out specifically for reasons bozmonster outlines above . 
  the level of ignorance is amazing for someone claiming to be `` interested in politics '' . 
  most royals in europe were actually a small and very inbred circle until recent times . 
  they still suffer common hereditary illnesses due to this . 
  you still can . 
  i occasionally still visit folks who went to work at my former alma mater , and they still have fliers for `` neva tours '' which basically organises weekend trips to st. petersburg for exchange students . 
  they 're pretty fun . 
  folks come to be exchange students in finland , and go to russia for a weekend for something like 100 $ . 
  it 's not like they hate foreign tourists . 
  money talks , and everyone likes tourists who come to spend money in their country . 
  their country has significant european influences , but it most certainly is not `` western '' . 
  it is however far closer to europe culturally than turkey . 
  i recommend hermitage . 
  the only comparable experience to that for me was louvre . 
  we 're far past that stage . 
  it takes incredible arrogance to think that you can go in the middle of massive geopolitical tug of war between two hegemons neither of which is known for pulling punches when it comes to this kind of struggle and just `` try to fix it '' and have any chance of success , rather than have your efforts co-opted by both aforementioned hegemons for their purposes . 
  you appear to turn the entire premise on its head for no reason whatsoever , and do not address any of the issues i raised . 
  hardly documented and not known as a common right in feudal europe ? 
  right . 
  get off wikipedia . 
  we have written confirmations of this from historians ranging from scotland to southern europe . 
  i 'm also highly interested in : 1 . 
  why would paternal surname have any relevance on this topic ? 
  where are dna studies on subject that you are referencing ? 
  actually we do not . 
  the only fact we have is fewer children out of wedlock . 
  what we do not know is the amount of these children that are fathered by official partners when it comes to modernity , because it 's in woman 's distinct interest to not reveal this information . 
  the only thing we know is that in historic context , when this was more acceptable , it was extremely prevalent . 
  historical citation : first night rights . 
   i do n't think that 's comparable to a pre-contraceptive society , it takes time for populations to adapt to new social realities . 
   i think there is a remarkably low incidence of historical illegitimacy and that it pretty much proves that social taboos are remarkably successful at keeping sexual behaviour under control in those societies . 
  both of these start with `` i think '' for a reason . 
  that 's your opinion with no factual basis , and no ability to confirm or deny it . 
  when claim can not be denied based on facts , it is evidence of weakness of argument . 
   but if it was something like a one-night stand or just dating , then the father ca n't really be so sure . 
  i mean , yeah , it 's a biological reality . 
  would you want to let any man take a dna sample from any child , even if they are not married or in a long-term relationship with the mother ? 
  that 's a strawman . 
  no one is suggesting letting `` any man take a dna sample from any child '' . 
  what is suggested is that in case of initiating paternity right claim , paternity test could be administered . 
  this : 1 . 
  does not require `` any man '' to have a right to `` take dna test from any child '' . 
  it merely requires a law that would enable a neutral party , to conduct a paternity test , which is literally as invasive as taking a swap from baby 's and claimant 's saliva and running a dna comparison and then announcing the result . 
  the issue that such event would need to be compelled against mother 's wishes if necessary should such a claim be initiated . 
  due to procedure lasting only a few seconds and being completely non-invasive , such as saliva swab , there is no real reason to deny this right , considering that father 's must submit to paternity test if mother initiates a similar claim against him . 
  what does `` long term relationship with mother '' have to do with paternity claims ? 
  are you suggesting that one night stands and affairs do not result in pregnancies ? 
   also , you 're always saying `` western countries '' . 
  is it different in this regard in `` eastern countries '' ? 
   surely the eu can work out some arrangement to purchase agriculture ( in exchange for government transparency ) to use for the migrant epidemic ? 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  why ? 
   surely you can strengthen internal accountability through diplomacy more effectively than initiating another client-state regime ? 
  it 's not eu that 's trying to make ukraine into a client state . 
  if anything , eu has been trying not to . 
  that struggle is between us and russia . 
  pick any country or autonomous region where birth control or abortion were blocked from easy acquisition . 
  there is very solid statistical body of data on certain states in us that did exactly that , such as texas for example . 
  this is comparable against states that allow abortions and access to prophylactics that have far lower amounts of unwanted pregnancies . 
  you block easy access to contraceptives and abortions , you get more unwanted pregnancies . 
  you allow them , unwanted pregnancies go down rapidly . 
  no , i just like how people like you think that they know exactly what those who do n't share their opinions think . 
  it 's a very teenage thing . 
  you grow out of it with time in most cases , as you comprehend that world is complex , and people generally can have reasons far outside the scope of your current comprehension , which is why you should not assume to being a mind reader unless you have a significant insider knowledge on that specific person . 
  and even then , you should be careful about making assumptions about what they think and focus on what they do instead . 
  to quote hitchens , the only thing you find out as you gather more information is how little you actually know . 
  it almost certainly was at least part of the goal . 
  absolutely hysterical tone and constant crying wolf that is coming from kiev about threats that are about to come that never materialise ( how long were we hearing about russian tanks that are about to hit kiev in 2014 for example ? ) . 
  referencing an external threat , especially when that threat has significant validity and amplifying it to absurd degree is a common tool to suppress and direct internal discontent towards an outside enemy and relief pressure on the troubled leadership . 
  ukraine matches the premise to a tee . 
  but that has nothing to do with some shadowy bs . 
  it 's par course statehood leadership for a state engaged in low burn civil war . 
  we have examples of similar behaviour by leaders of such states throughout history . 
  emphasize external threats to direct internal dissent from mistakes of the leadership towards outsiders , which prevents addressing internal problems . 
  and ukraine is in dire need of addressing said internal problems . 
  which is not in current leadership 's interests . 
  this is evident in said leadership doubling down on hysteria and still not ratifying minsk 2 . 
  any reduction in external tensions would likely enable populace to focus their energy on leadership , and we 'd be looking at another maidan in short order . 
  it 's one of the main reasons why current ukraine stands very little chance of stabilising any time soon . 
  the other reason is the civil war itself . 
  however civil war in question is currently contained to specific regions and as such , spillover effects are minimized . 
  in ideal world , far greater effort would be spent on solving the internal problems , which would actually give ukraine a chance of becoming a functional state in the future . 
  i would very much decline , considering that bosnia is now the # 1 is centre of operations in europe . 
  recommended reading : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/islamic-state-presence-in-bosnia-cause-for-concern-a-1085326.html#ref=rss with croatia struggling to stay economically relevant due to massively increased competition from eu , i would argue that priority on balkan states would be a bad idea for now . 
  that region needs to stabilize to some degree . 
  serbia is stuck in eternal limbo due to kosovo , kosovo is a shithole that is literally the centre for organised crime in europe and this should not be enabled by letting it join eu , bosnia is as noted above an islamist nest and montenegro , while a nice and cosy place does n't really have anything meaningful to offer eu and would likely take an economic hit from joining just like croatia did . 
  how does father go about pursuing his rights if mother chooses to simply not let him take a paternity test ? 
  is there any legal mechanism to actually compel mother to do something like that ? 
  without this particular test , there is no way to prove one 's relation and as a result , no way to avoid scenario i describe . 
  this mechanism is overwhelmingly absent in western countries .
