  i have no idea why you are projecting so much that was never typed onto my text . 
  i will simply point out that when you say `` i understand the point '' and then type out two paragraphs that demonstrate in great depth that you do not in fact understand it , the latter is far more believable than former . 
  russia is basically the logical endpoint of oligarchic capitalism at work . 
  it 's not something to smile at , because that 's where we 're headed . 
  they just got there first . 
  have you considered reading the point being made before you answer ? 
   i do n't even need to google for 1 minute to find about swedes alco-shopping in denmark . 
  swedes might drink less , but there 's more of them and those who do , still hunt for cheaper products . 
  i was n't talking about `` price of alcohol '' but `` drinking culture '' . 
  those are very different things . 
  there 's a reason why we have to control sales of alcohol as tightly as we do . 
  people literally drink themselves to death in large numbers even with those controls in place , and before them , it was comparable to russia . 
  it 's a completely different drinking culture from that of sweden . 
   how the hell am i extremist in any way ? 
  you previous commentary , and our countless previous clashes , where any point that does n't paint russia as essentially sauron-level of unimaginable , utterly irredeemable evil was utterly rejected by you . 
  i like to think that you will eventually soften your stance after enough facts are hammered against armour of fanatical ideology , causing at least some of them slip through the cracks , but it 's been a tough sell . 
  your last quote does imply that change is ongoing however , and that 's encouraging . 
   oh , poor you really . 
  i think you also forgot most of europe that are members of nato . 
  those evil hawks that want a response for russia invading and annexing a neighbour . 
  and , gasp , actually dare to oppose any kind of ` russian sphere of influence ' as that would go straight against their own idea of independence . 
  as someone who 's squarely in us sphere of influence , and openly rejoicing in your vassalized status in this regard , i find your ministrations to be quite sad . 
  you chose to bend over and suck the proverbial dick of one evil to moon another . 
  my hope is that eventually you 'll grow enough of a backbone that you do n't think that you must administer suction to any imperial genitalia in such copious amounts and instead stand tall on your own two legs and manage the geopolitical pressure as an actual independent state , rather than simply trading imperial masters . 
   all of this does n't exclude in any way the fact that eu boosted relations between estonia and finland . 
  point being that these relations would have advanced just as well without eu due to necessity . 
  there 's a reason why nordic council and similar bodies of interstate cooperation between states that share close links were brought into existence even before eu was ever formed , and why these bodies are still around today granting people like myself far greater rights in many aspects of life abroad than eu does . 
  sorry but no . 
  when you have a `` commentary '' that has as many problems from purely ** ethical ** point of view , you do not print it . 
  there 's a reason why editor in chief in a reputable news agency/paper is a very hard position to enter . 
  it 's because you are the person directly responsible for ensuring that contents of your paper are not , among other things , directly against basic journalistic ethics . 
  now if on the other hand you find that journalistic ethics are irrelevant when it 's a `` commentary '' , then you would have a point . 
  of course , most papers that would allow for such blatant breach of ethics are usually called something like `` daily mail '' and do not enjoy the kind of respect that reputable sources do . 
  which was exactly my point , if you actually bothered to read it , instead of focusing on debunking the point that was never made . 
  `` europe '' is far more politically diverse than us could ever hope to be . 
  this is simply because it `` europe '' holds many sovereign states with distinctly different political cultures . 
  it 's my understanding that truck diesels have been lower emitter than small consumer vehicle diesels for a while now , because the consumer vehicle maintenance is supposed to occur at far longer intervals . 
  that means that the modern mechanism used in diesels to combat emissions , misting specific form of liquid urea into exhaust to chemically catalyze the nox into nitrogen and water and would require the tank of this liquid to be filled every few thousand kilometers . 
  which is comparable to servicing interval of a truck , but less than tenth of common servicing interval of a consumer vehicle . 
  and refuelling this liquid commonly takes place during service of the vehicle rather than refueling process . 
  so they spray something like 5-10 % of the amount into the exhaust of a customer vehicle they do with trucks per volume of exhaust . 
  as a result , nox is a problem in small vehicles , even through it has been largely reduced into borderline irrelevance for huge trucks running far more powerful diesel engines . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diesel_exhaust_fluid conclusion : diesels are indeed fine , as long as companies actually enable easy and cheap refueling of diesel exhaust fluid and make spraying amount of the fuild into exhaust comparable in terms of per volume to that currently used in modern trucks . 
  not at all the same people . 
  some politicians do want the opposing views sensored . 
  some do not . 
  mixing them together demonstrates an appalling inability to differentiate between very different kinds of people . 
   maybe the guardian have become ultra-left in your eyes , but it 's still considered left-wing mainstream by the majority of people who do n't feel like their mission in life is to be ideological crusaders and repeat and repeat their collectively agreed upon opinions as undebatable facts . 
  i see your bs once again , and still raise you the same coverage of cologne . 
  it 's well documented at this point that most people did in fact find blatant apologism that was widely present on the guardian among other things to be ultra-leftist and utterly idiotic point of view that had nothing to do with mainstream whatsoever . 
   the ` coverup ' you speak of did not happen , as that requires intent . 
  there was a clear and obvious intent to anyone who is n't an ultra-leftist . 
  those , just like their ultra-right brethren are well versed in looking elsewhere and pretending to have seen nothing when item that is in direct conflict with their interests appears . 
   as this ` new media ' and its ... writers ( i 'd be wary of calling them journalists ) quite obviously have very little ethical standards once again , i see your bs and raise cologne events . 
  they demonstrated very well that `` old media '' has just as much ethics as new media , and is just as willing to spin the narrative to be the complete opposite of what actually happened should their interests demand this . 
  overall , it 's quite funny that you persist in peddling easily demonstrable falsehoods when literally a single point of evidence debunks all of them . 
  then you are just as ignorant on the subject of behaviour of people in warfare as he is . 
  may you never learn how wrong you are . 
  it is by far the best aircraft we have in its size , because it 's the only one . 
  it 's fly by wire ( likely quad redundancy like the an-124 it 's derived from ) , it has ridiculous payload capacity ( which is why us and us companies routinely lease this aircraft , as it offers capability they do not possess ) . 
  similarly to an-124 it 's a specialist heavy lifter aircraft , that is in extreme demand . 
  global powers like us need strategic airlift for their wars , and their own aircraft are typically vastly less capable than an-124 , much less an-225 . 
  that 's why i really doubt that us would let china have an-225 tech , and us has a lot of pull in current ukrainian administration . 
  they 'll pull no punches in ensuring that china does n't get massively superior technology to one they have when it comes to strategic airlift capability . 
   sites like breitbart thrive on and feed the naturally arising persecution complex and the `` they are out to get me '' line of thinking among those who are receptive to such ideas . 
  not quite . 
  outrage culture in general exists on both fringes of current political climate . 
  it 's just that left wing extremists have , to quote scott adams out of context `` hollowed out the left and now wearing it as a skin '' . 
  essentially formerly mainstream outlets like the guardian have become points of dispensing ultra-left bs alongside the good stories . 
  same has n't occurred on the right . 
  right wing media resisted similar penetration and parasitism . 
  as a result , right wing extremists have to build their own media from the scratch . 
  that 's pretty much the only difference right now in europe as far as i can see . 
   whenever mainstream media is accused of intentionally not reporting on certain events , it usually means events that are ignored by default , because they are so common . 
  rapes are common . 
  assaults are common . 
  murders , too . 
  and people are n't particularly interested in hearing about them more than once a month or so , even if they do n't realize that yet , because news editors have been making these choices for them in all of mass media history . 
  i see your bs and raise cologne events from new years eve and the coverage issues , which debunk all of your points on merits . 
   what the right wing arbitrarily decides is that these crimes become somehow more noteworthy if they are committed by people they dislike and because they see it that way . 
  while everyone does that regardless of their location on the political spectrum to an extent , and ultra leftists are by far the most guilty part in this . 
  to them , identity politics are literally the main criteria to judge people on . 
  going to quote myself :  and ? 
  you seem to think that having a separate llc that is there to separate the emergency funding from the actual company somehow makes the parent company a non-profit ? 
   how ignorant can you be on the topic of what makes a for-profit company ? 
  they literally state that they want to make profit to invest into themselves , which is a common policy among for profit companies seeking to expand . 
  it 's arguably one major part of the decline of mass media among young people . 
  when people have access to some random local who happened to film the source of the `` massaged '' news story , you lose trust . 
  a good example is the recent black rioting , with sister of the man who 's treatment apparently started the riot being shown as `` asking for peace '' and shown saying `` stop looting out neighbourhoods '' . 
  the uncut version of the same event shows her going on to proclaim `` go loot white neighbourhoods instead '' . 
  literally the narrative can be turned to be the exact opposite of what it is through simply cutting the ending . 
  do that enough times , and people lose trust in everything you do , including actually reliable and honest reporting . 
  he just compared argument over media to open warfare . 
  i think it 's pretty safe to say that he has no idea what he is blabbering about . 
  and ? 
  you seem to think that having a separate llc that is there to separate the emergency funding from the actual company somehow makes the parent company a non-profit ? 
  how ignorant can you be on the topic of what makes a for-profit company ? 
  they literally state that they want to make profit to invest into themselves , which is a common policy among for profit companies seeking to expand . 
  they weaseled around the facts , and wrote out a standard editorialised hit piece that pulled pretty much all the dirty tricks media can pull : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/rise-of-populist-afd-a-problem-for-merkel-and-germany-a-1110954.html#ref=rss everything from making this an `` issue of everything but the actual issues '' to doctoring the graphs to make afd look like a complete outlier was done . 
  it was an amazing hit piece for an outlet that used to take great pride in its objectivity .
