  problems with the statement : a. 
  being one of the main spearheads of anti-russian coalition within eu , always advocating harsh response to anything and everything russia does , to the point of damaging your own country ( i.e. 
  sanctions , push for eastern partership programme even through it was clear it would lead to collision and so on ) . 
  bringing heavy war machinery within striking distance of russian heartland . 
  last time that happened , we had operation barbarossa . 
  considering estonia 's williful participation in nazi germany 's actions . 
  declaring estonia `` judenfrei '' , i 'm looking at you , something estonia today still refuses to address choosing to glorify actions of estonian ss troops instead to the point where germany and israel together had to basically tell you to cut it out or face diplomatic consequences . 
  overall , you do n't recreate conditions of operation barbarossa on your soil if you want `` good relations '' . 
  soviets , mainly russians lost more people in that war than anyone else . 
  as a point of example , we keep our heavy armour in parolanummi , which is actually closer to western rather than eastern border , because we understand the reasons why winter war was fought in the first place . 
  c. collective punishment of russian ethnicity across baltics . 
  estonia is actually the lesser of three in this , and i personally found that after my visit to latvia and ridiculous levels of institutionalized discrimination i saw there , estonia was peanuts . 
  but you still messed up on many levels , good example being the lack of russian speaking media , lack of reasonable rules for russian speakers within the country and so on . 
  allow me to elaborate . 
  my own country has a very sizeable swedish minority . 
  we 're looking at far less than your russian minority , at around 6 % , most of whom are , just like your russian ethnicity focused on their respective border . 
  in spite of going for massive suppression of their identity as you opted to do , we instituted strong rules for their rights . 
  specifically state television has dedicated swedish channels just for them , their language is considered `` native '' across the entire country with all government officials required to be fluent in it in addition to finnish . 
  there are many other rules to safeguard their position as well . 
  this in spite that these are the people who literally call themselves `` b\u00e4ttre folk '' i.e. 
  `` better people '' ( as in compared to us finns ) and generally are more wealthy than us because of the fact that swedes were the rulers in finland before losing us to russia and our eventual independence . 
  then we have the whole issue of autonomous region of \u00c5land , or ahvenanmaa as we call it in finnish . 
  it has demographics similar to narva region , overwhelming majority being swedes . 
  in there , they have a wide autonomy to the point of having a guaranteed seat in european parliament out of finnish emp quote , givning them over 10 times the voting power of any finn . 
  as a finn , i ca n't even buy property on the islands until i 've lived there for five years . 
  why would we give this kind of power to people who were basically like russians to you - former rulers , largely stuck up in the perceived superiority of their culture and language ? 
  because we value consensus and understand that these are still people of finland , people who we have to live with together and who we want to feel as a part of our country rather than sweden . 
  and it largely worked . 
  overall , my point is quite simple . 
  enough time has passed for you to let go of the grudges . 
  start actually accepting and integrating the ethnic russians . 
  something that we ( as in both finland and eu ) have been telling you to do from the beginning , but you sadly chose to ignore in favour of collective suppression and punishment , largely rooted in your fears of the past . 
  integrated people do n't pose a treat of separatism . 
  they want to be a part of your state because they are invested in it . 
  \u00c5land is a great example of this - their young people mostly go to study in sweden , and generally they feel culturally tied to sweden rather than finland . 
  but outside a small separatist movement , they are vastly uninterested in any kind of separatism simply because they know they\u00e4re not going to get a deal half as good from sweden as they do from us . 
  as the old saying goes , you get more bees with honey than vinegar . 
  and as i noted , you have started on that path already , with your government realizing that they ca n't treat their russian minority as internal enemies for much longer because that causes significant internat security risks . 
  russian speaking tv channels and media are a good start on that front , and hopefully you 'll also begin legal reforms to start rooting out the structural racism so sadly prevalent in your country right now . 
  and on a last note , it 's not like i do n't enjoy the fact that due to sanctions , i now pay half what i used to pay for cream cheese . 
  estonian cream cheese is great and it did n't show up on our shelves until you had to start selling it here since you could n't ship it to russia . 
  but i 'd still rather pay more for my cheese and have no sanctions shitting on our economy . 
  and for that to happen , baltics in general and estonia in particular are going to need to get more down to earth and understand that the best way to ensure good relations with our eastern neighbour is not us tanks on the border , but massive amounts of cross border trade which invests all sides into a peaceful coexistence . 
  apologies if this is less than coherent . 
  i do n't have the energy to proofread this , as i typed this out while having woken up in the middle of the night recovering from a nasty case of seasonal flu . 
  i hope this explains my thoughts on the matter and why i think current actions of baltics are largely self-defeating when it comes to russia and russian minorities within them . 
  i realize that as a finn , my cultural background is different enough for my suggestions to not be directly applicable , but i 'm hoping that perhaps there is something there that you could learn from to seek better solutions than one you 're currently pushing for as a state . 
  the salt is real . 
  i do mean `` regurgitated '' , as in reporting on it with no fact checking or even questioning of the facts . 
  something that bbc in general is actually known for . 
  thrust vectoring is actually there just to compensate for the bad maneuvreability at low speeds . 
  yf-22 was vastly inferior in this regard to yf-23 , and vectoring nozzles was the solution to be at least sorta kinda competitive with it . 
  in the end , yf-22 won for a totally different reason though . 
  namely fears that northtrop grumman would not have the capability to build both the next gen fighter and bomber at the same time . 
  `` a good soldier should ideally act as a machine of war in situations where necessity calls for it '' . 
  has never happened in our entire history . 
  the only way for this to happen would be to dehumanise the soldiers completely , literally remove all base human instincts . 
  because as long as they remain , this will not occur . 
  the fact that you do not even understand what `` morale '' is demonstrates a disturbing lack of comprehension of basic human psychology . 
  in case you ever need a modern primer , look up `` why is is successful in its military endeavours in spite of being outnumbered and outgunned '' . 
  i have no idea what you 're smoking , but none of your points make a lick of sense . 
  governments obviously fund the aircraft because they 're the users and development of complex weapons systems is too expensive to be conducted without end user funding . 
  all three aircraft produced in europe are capable , and two of the platforms are proven in combat . 
  i 'll simply reiterate my previous point . 
  `` i love how you seem to think soldiers to be machines of war rather than people . 
  that 's quite a monstrous view . '', 
  it applies even more to your last post than to the previous one . 
  dehumanisation of soldiers you engage in is amazing in its sheer monstrosity as well as utter ignorance of human history in relation to the subject . 
  to summarize : no it does n't work the way you think it does and never has at any juncture of our history as species . 
  soldiers have never been machines of war . 
  the entire existence of concept of `` morale '' alone and its overwhelming importance to military success functions as concrete and utterly overwhelming body of evidence that crushes your hypothesis on its own . 
  they regurgitated the crap now known as `` september dossier '' . 
  you mean kurdish/iraqi/syrian claims ? 
  those were present for years before russians entered the fray . 
  it 's well documented that one of is 's main sources of income is oil trade . 
  it 's equally well documented that most of this oil is smuggled through turkish border . 
  sometimes when it looks like a dog , barks like a dog and wiggles its tail like a dog , it actually is a dog and not a bear . 
  problem is weapon systems . 
  aim-120s are awful against high maneuvreability targets capable of jamming and rafale is the first fighter jet to have a fully integrated jamming suite on level of dedicated electronic warfare aircraft . 
  f-22 simply lacks the means to kill it reliably before visual range and loses terribly within visual range due to inferior maneuvreability . 
  that 's why it 's difficult to conduct simulated combat . 
  pilots typically consider successful weapons lock to be a kill in simulated combat , and in case of locking your missiles on rafale and firing in real life , your chance of successful hit are actually quite low . 
  as in `` the only aircraft capable of conducting bombing runs in libya without need for dedicated electronic warframe aircraft protecting them '' . 
  also known as rafale . 
  gripen is missing . 
  that would make it a full lineup of current 4g + to 5g modern western fighter jets . 
  i had to take work trips a while ago , and fast ships take only a few hours . 
  but those lack most of the entertainment facilities obviously . 
  their first class is actually worse than normal on the large ships . 
  does it really ? 
  tallinn to helsnki takes about a couple of hours on the fast catamaran ships . 
  of course if you want to go on a cruise ship style ferry , it takes longer . 
  but express ships are much faster , as long as weather is acceptably decent . 
  believe me , you do n't want to . 
  it 's a horrible disease . 
  in that era , approximately half of children did n't survive to adulthood , mostly due to infectious diseases we vaccinate against today . 
  crimea at the time was still enjoying infastructure from its old slave trade hub times . 
  orient express , and shipping within baltic was very developed . 
  on your first point , i 'm actually going to present a very simple therapy : treat them as well as your other citizens and root them in your country . 
  think `` you can be of any ethnicity you want , but first and foremost you 're estonians '' .
