  agriculture -  heavy industry  services sector . 
  the only factually correct point in your entire post . 
  what you miss however , is that first phase is the phase with no middle class , second phase is the one with middle class , and last phase is the phase of withering middle class . 
  actually read up on economics instead of just pretending to find out more . 
  while your pm talks about how well it 's going , your country 's cancer patients are dying in treatment queues , schools push out people that ca n't even manage proper swedish , and your big cities are starting to resemble the places where their ghetto dwellers are coming from . 
  but according to you , that 's a success story . 
  you used to have it pretty good . 
  not anymore . 
  the numbers when properly polished still look good . 
  reality on the ground is all together different , and that 's not just my opinion . 
  now you 're just sad in your ignorance . 
  one of the main reasons that western civilization got the current point is factory work . 
  it demanded that people move to cities , where they organised and started demanding reasonable wages . 
  which lead to birth of middle class . 
  with factory jobs largely gone , middle class is slowly withering away across the world , outside countries where factory jobs are still present ( i.e. 
  china ) . 
  and yes , that includes sweden . 
  one of the main reasons as to why most migrants are ghetto dwellers in your country is because there is no heavy industry with lots of jobs to give them a way to integrate into society through work . 
  robots have already replaced much of labor . 
  you 're so late for the party , it 's not even funny . 
  that 's why factory jobs are half gone in developed countries already . 
  the growth comes from the fact that they 're slowly getting cheap enough to replace people . 
  the formula is easy . 
  `` can robot replace human at less cost '' . 
  when answer becomes `` yes '' , you replace the human . 
  and that job is never coming back , because robot will keep getting better - human stays the same . 
  that 's why i keep talking about `` geography '' . 
  it 's not that bad of a hint , is it ? 
  which are located to the east when you look at the map . 
  which is my point . 
  my only claim is that i 'm not a mind reader , and neither are you . 
  i was referring to your people moving east for high paying jobs . 
  mainly due to geography . 
  i see . 
  i assumed that most people just travel over the border to work in nearby region ( kind of like danish-swedish border works ) or alternatively just move to the other country to basically permanently reside there alongside their immediate family . 
  to my understanding , most of them are not gastarbeiters but ukrainians that live in russia and have done so for a long time . 
  that is not necessarily relevant . 
  many people become extremist in certain views when they find religion in their adulthood . 
  because there 's a very active turf war between us intelligence organizations , and signals intelligence is nsa territory . 
  they 'd start a massive shit storm within us intelligence systems should cia encroach on their turf in a significant manner . 
  this has nothing to do with `` communist era '' . 
  pretty much everywhere in nordics you must tell the authorities where you live . 
  authorities have to plan things ranging from basics like how many doctors offices , ambulances , fire fighters and police are needed in each region , to knowing where you are to be taxed for regional taxation and so on . 
  it 's a sign of working state structures more than anything if such data is readily available to authorities to plan how to set up the minutiae of the civil society . 
  housing is n't affordable in finland either , especially in helsinki . 
  it 's the cultural aspect around here . 
  once you go get your higher education ( which is what most people do ) you are expected to move out and strike out on your own . 
  for men , mandatory military service helps this further , but essentially forcing all young men and women that volunteer to go through a period where they are fully weaned off their parents . 
  but yeah , a lot of parents still offer their kids services like doing their laundry or sending them home cooked meals . 
  especially if they live close by . 
  i moved to a city almost 200km away from my parents , and my mom would still ask me to bring her my laundry to wash when i would visit every once in a while . 
  things like military may wean you off your parents , but they do n't wean moms off taking care of their children . 
  this is a video of the production cycle . 
  just publishing that alone is a far graver crime than everything else put together and multiplied by ten . 
  the damages the company could sue for revealing specifics of their manufacturing process alone would ruin any of these people for life . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  if you have jobs , it 's always someone from the east that does most menial parts of it . 
  we have a whole bunch of estonians and russians doing similar stuff here . 
  and to be fair , even specialist jobs are given to them . 
  not only are they much cheaper , but they can also have some really good specialists . 
  i recall having a friend who did welding qc work in wharf in turku back when it was owned by stx ( i.e. 
  koreans ) , he was talking about how about half of his qc work is for that done by russians , and they have amazing qualifications . 
  many of them are actually certified to weld even specialist work done on submarines . 
  in russia , it 's the asians , usually from former ussr that work there . 
  not sure if ukraine 's pay is good enough to allow for the same thing to happen there . 
  overall , in europe it 's `` folks from the east work in the west '' that rings true , with exception of spain and portugal . 
  the one truly valid reason to have eu . 
  it 's too big to be pushed around by foreign capitalist interests , and therefore can actually maintain rule of law even in face of massive pressure . 
  vikings were the sea fairing people that lived mostly on the northern side of baltic sea basin during age of vikings . 
  finno-ugric people living around gulf of finland were among them later on , though historically evidence has been rather scarce , as most evidence of vikings has been in writings of their enemies . 
  they started in modern southern sweden , norway and denmark , and then expanded across the baltic sea , and eventually all the way down the major rivers all the way to black sea and even mediterranean through atlantic . 
  due to the nature of their conquest , they sired progeny even in places where no major viking cities have been known to exist . 
  if i have , it was entirely unintentional . 
  it does n't specify the time frame , but if this is from the time when us also nailed intel for monopoly , the fine is far too small . 
  for those that do n't remember , it went as follows : amd releases it 's k7 microarchitecture , which for the first time in its history wipes the floor with intel 's microarchitechture of the time in all relevant metrics . 
  seeing the superiority , amd predicts significant demand for the chips , and builds a factory to meet this demand . 
  demand does indeed materialize , but oems like dell , hp and so on are all `` sold out '' on amd hardware . 
  in spite of amd having chips to sell them from the new factory in droves . 
  investigation reveals that intel had a deal where it gave oems illegal anti-competitive rebates should they maintain high percentage of their total pc sales on intel 's platrform . 
  going below this percentage would cost makers these rebates . 
  that means they could not meet the demand for amd hardware without breaking this limit . 
  so they were chronically `` sold out '' on amd pcs in spite of massive demand and availability of hardware to build these pcs from amd . 
  intel got slammed with record fines for this in us , but in reality , even careful calculations say that financial benefits in extra profits for intel was somewhere between 4 and 6 times the amount of the fine . 
  this action also crippled amd , which was in debt due to building the factory , and not being able to sell the hardware to oems to build systems out of due to the illegal actions of intel . 
  the specific point of star trek was in fact to showcase dystopian future where even the nationality that was utterly demonized at the time of creation ( such as russians during cold war in us ) was shown as a great friend and subordinate of `` typical flamboyant but skilled us leader '' . 
  japanese by comparison were close allies of us at the time of creation of characters in question , so that was n't as controversial . 
  racially , far more controversial was character of uhura . 
  black woman who is highly erudite and capable , serving as a communications officer ( one of the nastier cliches of the time was that black women were highly uneducated and simple ) and even going as far as getting the first interracial kiss on tv . 
  her character was literally a result of push by martin luther king himself , who had personally convinced the actor playing her to stay on after the first season `` because this role is where you are not a black character , but equal character '' as i recall it . 
  are you in the middle of major city ? 
  these kinds of rates are usually affordable in major cities , where large amount of subscribers within small geographical distance allows pushing rates down . 
  if you live outside major hubs , the costs skyrocket , as you need similar infrastructure , but costs have to be spread across far fewer payers . 
  that means less infrastructure and slower speeds to keep costs reasonable . 
  as far as i understand it , they actually left much of their progeny where ever they settled after the age of vikings came to an end . 
  rurik settled in novgorod and became the sire of the royal house of muscovite russia and then russian empire . 
  many vikings spread throughout the major cities that were linked to trade routes , not just to byzantine . 
  essentially many of the finno-ugric peoples spread throughout the region across eastern fennoskandia and modern western and northern russia have some kind of viking descent . 
  some spread as far as volga river . 
  viking civilization , being sea and river fairing civilization spread alongside water surfaces , where their boats and their unique naval combat skills enabled them to push thousands of kilometers down the rivers , as far as river access allowed it . 
  but vast majority of their progeny , at least genetically , still resides in fennoscandia .
