  this pressure is very limited and often completely ineffective . 
  bulgaria makes for a great example of this . 
  the day ukraine actually enters eu is the day eu will cease to have any kind of requirements for entry and as such be some kind of a secondary union with first-tier states having erected massive barriers against the rest . 
  ukraine is corrupt on cultural level , just like bulgaria but to a far greater extent and corruption there is even more entrenched . 
  one thing that eu has learned from bulgaria is that accepting a systemically corrupt state into eu leads to nothing but problems to all members . 
  eu itself is currently in an existential crisis . 
  shengen and freedom of movement as one of the core concepts is already dying and it 's highly unlikely it will survive even until spring . 
  eurozone is tearing itself apart . 
  uk is genuinely threatening to leave . 
  and those are just a few of the problems facing eu that can destroy the union on their own . 
  having too many blind believers such as yourself is what is in the key contributor to being in this disastrous spot . 
  when political drivers are acting on nothing but blind faith as you do , nothing but catastrophe follows . 
  let me get this out of the way , since it 's inevitable that someone will say it as usual for such threads : `` this is also practiced by white people , and if you say otherwise you 're an islamophobe . '', 
  the answer is simply `` no , and no . '', 
  as usual . 
  indeed . 
  that us marine major trying to get those pedophiles not come back to command posts , the islamophobe . 
  how do you live with yourself , having to lie to yourself like this ? 
  essentially all abrahamic religions consider masturbation a deadly sin . 
  you 'll find relevant texts in all such religions . 
  you really do n't get it . 
  prostitutes are , outside very specific exceptions considered illegal under sharia . 
  that 's why is prostitutes enter a marriage with their clients for a few hours so they can have sex with them . 
  same does n't apply to young boys , and it 's actually a societal norm in places like afghanistan for family to send their young boys to earn money as prostitutes to local warlords . 
  here 's a link to a video which provides a lot of information about how that particular cultural aspect works : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja5q75hf6qi most relevant part in the video which talks about how locals think about this aspect of their culture is at about 51 minutes into the video . 
  essentially , women are protected by partriachal society . 
  as long as they follow strict rules and stay home , it 's considered highly offensive to rape them ( unless you 're their family member ) . 
  on the other hand , young boys are not protected by such rules . 
  their job as all men is to provide sustenance for their families , and as a result , they are often sold by their own families to such warlords for a period of time to serve them . 
  society literally requires that they serve their families in such a way . 
  this is normal for these people . 
  it 's not exceptional in any way . 
  it 's exceptional to us , just like it 's exceptional to them that women can leave the house and can decide on their lives without being told by their family members how to live . 
  it 's a massive clash of cultures that hold diametrically opposing values . 
  likely not actually a pedo . 
  just needing something to put his dick in , because masturbation is a worse sin than that . 
  fucked up , is n't it ? 
  `` civilized '' people use their hands to relive their `` sexual emergencies '' . 
  to these people , that does n't even enter their mind apparently . 
  it 's hilarious just how well this thread mirrors the video 's depiction of your mutual relationship :d, 
  that video is amazing . 
  the us flag itself is telling him to stop embarassing himself , and he just keeps brushing it off . 
  that 's because the actual jewels of the north africa have been destroyed by arab spring . 
  libya de facto no longer exists and its remains are in massive civil war , and egypt is half in civil war , and half under control of a far more brutal dictator than it was before the arab spring . 
  no , but when grandchildren were given a chance to change their ways and were found to still want to slave and kill slavic people when given a chance ( ww2 ) , you actually do not want to let them get into power again . 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice , shame on me . 
  few people are interested in getting fooled twice , when `` fooled '' means unleashing people who 's culture is centered around slaving other people , butchering the rest and then trading in these slaves . 
  they were : 1 . 
  not even in the same ballpark in terms of size of their operation and efficiency . 
  not in the same age . 
  not in the same area . 
  chinese who actually got hit by mongols for similar duration , but to a much lesser extent that eastern europe got hit by crimean tatars certainly dislike mongols severely . 
  you must be joking , or you need to read history . 
  just because we had two decades of no superpower being able to challenge us hegemony , and the catastrophy of us hegemony smashing weaker states left right and middle during those decades , it does n't mean that status quo will last long . 
  china is going to be the primary antagonist . 
  russia may or may not be able to ally with it , it 's not much of a threat on its own in its current state . 
  but us is massively overextended with it 's state smashing policies leaving it exposed in the states it destroyed . 
  us destroyed iraq when it tried to do the same . 
  we 'll see if us is stretched thin enough not to attack iran over not submitting to petrodollar . 
  considering that every slavic nation within several thousand kilometres hates crimean tatars with passion , there 's nothing unprecedented here . 
  crimean tatars were professional and most brutal slavers in the world for several hundred years , until combined forces of tsarist russia coming together with ukraine and poland managed to finally contain and then destroy the khanate . 
  as the crimean tatar slavers were known for their exceptional brutality . 
  common practice was to kill all but young and strong in the villages as they would not be able to survive being driven across ukraine 's and russia 's steppes and they did n't like leaving living people behind their raids , and then drive the slaves on foot while they would ride horses . 
  anyone who did n't keep the pace was killed . 
  pace of slaving was ~ 20.000 people per year in poland alone for several centuries , with similar numbers across russia , going all the way north to nordic and baltic countries . 
  survivors were sold on krimean slave market with main buyers being ottoman . 
  slavery was primary crimean tatar business , who had almost no other industries . 
  as a result , they are universally hated in the region . 
  being a nation of brutal slavers for that long does that to you . 
  yes , we know . 
  paris attackers already admitted to it . 
  german spy agency seems to be like a meteorologist who is predicting a storm that happened a week ago . 
  because that would debunk the obvious continuation ? 
  country x : we will show you how we clamp down on our borders !, 
  ( more oppression of poor populace follows ) . 
  populace of country x : flees in even greater numbers across the same uncontrollable borders . 
  eu : great , even more immigrants . 
  there are no competing methods of shipping . 
  this is why us was forced to negotiate with russia for transportation of materiel into and out of afghanistan for its campaign . 
  if you need something moved that does n't fit into an aircraft , and that ca n't take a month to get there , your exhaustive list of options is as follows : 1 . 
  rail . 
  also , this was not about your preferences . 
   geography here does n't matter ; in fact is way easier for someone in the dominican republic to get to the usa than for someone in northern africa to reach europe . 
  dominicans did it by crossing the 144kms channel that separates the d.r. 
  from the u.s. territory of puerto rico and once there they can travel anywhere in the us without passing through any immigration check . 
  this claim is factually and easily demonstrably false . 
  it 's much easier to flee over ground that it is over a large body of water . 
  demonstrably so , significant death toll of water path is well documented in mediterranean . 
  there is also the fact that you do not need technical assistance to pass such a border - a pair of legs is sufficient to penetrate a ground border , whereas you 'll need a boat to cross a sea or an ocean . 
  the difference is best demonstrated by uk . 
  the main reason why they get so few asylum seekers in comparison to germany is because it 's much easier to secure an island with nothing but sea around itself and only one easy ground path to enter ( eurotunnel ) . 
  germany on the other hand has large land borders that are almost impossible to secure even with a strong state . 
  same is true for emigration side . 
  not even egypt with its massive military can secure its borders as the massive migratory path passes through it . 
  yet once people land on greek islands , they 're stuck . 
  unlike say , greek mainland . 
  purely because of the quality difference between water borders and land borders . 
  you 're missing the forest for the trees , which is understandable as you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  that is an island nation with natural borders ending in ocean to a nation in northern africa with porous borders drawn by a ruler .
