  because he most certainly did enjoy the support of the populace of his country , as well as many others on the continent . 
  words have specific meanings . 
  your crude attempts to ape mass media 's attempts to redefine them are rather unimpressive . 
   sure a billionaire who lost the popular vote and has a cabinet of billionaires is somehow not elite . 
  i see you lack even a basic grasp of history . 
  there are always elites who will lead the people . 
  the difference between the arestos in democracy and aristocracy however , is whether they take the populos ' desires into account or not . 
  my argument was not that he 's not a member of elite . 
  my argument is that he 's for the populos and against arestos . 
  another point you managed to fail to notice entirely in your another rather sad copy/paste of mass media narrative , using the very same phrasings . 
  have you ever considered thinking for yourself and using your own words instead ? 
  i find that to be the most interesting part of having discussions with other people . 
   many is not the same as all . 
  again , another utterly irrelevant point . 
  those presenting claims that those with burden of proof . 
  when you are consistently shown to try to falsify evidence , you trust plummets to zero . 
  which is what happened to mass media . 
  one study i ran into yesterday showed that trump is considered more trustworthy than media . 
  think about it for a moment . 
  a politician with an agenda is more trusted than the fourth estate that is supposed to keep and eyes on policians for the people . 
  how badly must such an institution fail as a whole to lose trust of the people ? 
  that said , the ongoing pewdiepie debacle demonstrated quite clearly that there 's a serious internal psychological problem among the very profession of journalists in the western english-speaking world . 
   incorrect , no . 
  inflammatory , yes . 
  in other words , there 's absolutely no falsehood in there . 
  which was the accusation you originally laid at his feet . 
  glad we agree that you were wrong in your most important and to use your word `` inflammatory '' claim . 
  remember this one . 
  i will cite this specific admission of yours later in this post . 
   would i question if he is really a president ? 
  considering how far people who 's exact terminology and methodology of arguing you have copied have pushed this particular hashtag , do you really want to argue over this one ? 
   not just for trump , but for the whole system of government we call democracy . 
  us does not have a system of government we call democracy . 
  it has a system of government called a constitutional republic . 
  this is the very basics of understanding how the system works . 
  you do not even know this , and yet you appear very much willing to parrot other people when they try talking about advanced features of the system . 
  please stop , and pick up any basic primer on forms of government . 
  you 'll find a good reading list from librarian in any nearest university library . 
  and yes , president as a head of executive is in fact in position to argue for the executive orders he signs . 
  who names the judges is irrelevant to this point , because he 's criticising the decision and the person making it . 
  he 's fully within his rights to do so . 
  that 's what first amendment of us constitution is for . 
  do note that president himself is equally open to criticism for others on that very same topic , including by those in other branches of the government . 
  that is the nature of having freedom of speech over political issues . 
  as someone who has significant knowledge on human history , and having in depth understanding on how the rise of ussr occurred , i find mass media claims that this freedom should be suppressed for people they do not agree with extremely disturbing . 
  this is a path well travelled by our species in the past . 
   false quotes , lol . 
  i see you are not just a trump fan but a discipline . 
  i objectively demonstrated that they are false above , and you actually agreed with me and conceded your argument on several points . 
  i cite your admission of this nature above in this very post . 
   you are just a finnish guy who during his life will never have any power whatsoever over who is the president of the usa . 
  i have no power over who will be the president of zimbabwe either . 
  but i still discussed mugabe , because you brought him up . 
  ** you appear to have a serious problem understanding that people can discuss ideas they do not hold and people they do not support and argue both for and against merits of these ideas and people from such a position ** . 
  especially in winter . 
  touche . 
  you conflate `` strong euro '' with `` expensive euro '' . 
  the `` strong euro '' they want is a euro that is a strong currency with significant trust in it . 
  that allows its businesses to have currency it controls to use in international trade . 
  with german economy backing it , it will remain such , even with states like greece participating in it . 
  expensive euro on the other hand is something germany actively and aggressively fought against since the days of ecu . 
  it 's the state with biggest trade imbalance in the world . 
  it needs a cheap currency that does n't appreciate in value even when traded on free market . 
  ca n't let that happen . 
  germany needs euro 's value to stay low for exports to keep going . 
  weak economies like greece being a part of euro is a key part of that strategy . 
  i have to admit , there 's something ... majestic about the whole `` fuck the world , i 'm just chilling '' feeling i get from that sculpture . 
  ca n't quite put my finger on the reason why , it just feels that way . 
  ca n't let russians beat us . 
  get to work on those memes , internet . 
   an enemy that wishes you prosperity is a much better partner than a friend that wants you to fail and shatter into easily dominated idiocracies . 
  an excellent argument for glory of colonial rule and evil of resisting colonialism . 
   china is not our friend , but they value stability and trade . 
  thats something we can work with . 
  have you ever heard about south china sea ? 
  their active undermining of existing law of the sea ? 
  do you think that this is a cause for stability and trade or against it ? 
   europe is in no position to do anything about chinas human rights issues anyway . 
  i did n't say a word about them . 
  i was talking about system of rule , not right of the people . 
  those are two entirely separate issues . 
  such source has in fact been provided already , so this point is moot . 
  laziness to follow simple instructions and overbearing demands for someone else 's time are not a valid reasons to claim that source just does n't exist . 
  yet that is exactly what you and him are doing . 
   muslim migration to sweden has only picked up in the late '80s , early '90s , so to be born to two swedish born parents , while not impossible , would certainly suggest the person 's main occupation is watching nickelodeon and pooping their diapers . 
  so , what 's the average age of a muslim mother in sweden ? 
  because i 'm going to guess it 's in late teens or early 20s , as opposed to native swedes that are going to be late 20s and early 30s . 
  would you disagree ? 
  sweden itself is extremely unlikely to publish such numbers , as anyone that would dare do so would be severely punished by those in power for `` racism '' . 
  but numbers from states that are n't quite that censorious in this regard are fairly clear . 
  muslim women with ethnic and cultural background in the migrant communities , even after generational shifts on average bear their children young due to expectations of the community . 
   the categories are clear and not up for interpretation except that i clearly outlined how they are . 
  you ca n't just dismiss those points by essentially saying `` tralala , i ca n't hear you '' as you did above . 
   sweden 's population grew by about a million in the time period while the presumably ethnic swede column remained the same . 
  as i have already factually demonstrated above that there is no such column in the chart , this point is false as its base premise is false . 
  and yes , a change of 10 % in demographics in just ten years is a massive shift . 
  there are wars that cause lesser demographic shifts . 
  the current sole hegemon on top , outside specific highly polarised countries that are embroiled in severe cultural or military standoff . 
  chinese need to continue exporting to maintain their economy . 
  it 's quite unstable right now , with people expecting government to ensure that stock market and property prices continue to grow , while real growth is slowing down , exports are likely to slow down even more as world becomes more protectionist , and their debt bubble starting to look quite alarming .
