  fun detail : if you actually had such capability , you 'd be a billionaire in a month . 
  there are plenty of illiberal democratic states where powers pay those amounts and more for general highly inaccurate scatter shot assessments of just this . 
  false . 
  those are human rights issues , issues of how state power structures relate to one another and so on . 
  they are relevant only to judge how liberal democracy is on the liberal to illiberal scale . 
  by your logic , ancient greece for example was not democratic , because it patently was n't a liberal democracy . 
  when you have to redefine words to this extent , you know you are out of your depth . 
  here is a good , if very simplified primer on relevant terminology if you are interested in educating yourself on this subject and want to be able to hold a discussion on it beyond the platitudes and ignorance : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gh0a16lc6hg, 
  and now , you 're confusing killing livestock specifically grown for that purpose , which is replenished as the same speed as it 's killed ( not endangered ) vs cats exterminating species in the wild , often driving them extinct . 
  a very common lie by obfuscation used by people that are generally out of touch with how nature works , who genuinely think that those are comparable when it comes to talking about balance within ecosystem . 
  dogs are still overwhelmingly used for protection of livestock . 
  you just do n't see it in popular media , which emphasizes pets , as people are urbanised . 
  i assure you that most farmers with livestock still have dogs for livestock control and protection . 
  and they still have cats for extermination of vermin . 
  to this day , we have no more efficient tools for these roles that animals that were domesticated into those roles . 
  that might have something to do with you being in spain , which is far more populated , and far less harsh of an environment . 
  as a result you appear to massively romanticise the environment . 
  on the other hand , we had brown bears actually kill people here less than 20 years ago , after folks like you , who completely lost any touch with how nature actually works decided to push for wide spread conservation efforts . 
  so bear killed a jogger in 1998 after many close calls . 
  sometimes it really takes a harsh reminder for people such as yourself . 
  people who completely lost the touch with nature and the fact that the reason why most of us can live a life without fear of just being suddenly killed by a bear or a wolf , is because after hundreds of thousands of years , we achieved apex predator status and exterminated these peer competitors . 
  they were n't even caught . 
  you need to catch the actual arsonists , and folks celebrating the arson are n't the arsonists themselves . 
  which is why we give them protection from wolves . 
  our symbiosis with cats is that we protect them against large predators that kill them , and they exterminate smaller species around us that we would find hard to exterminate manually that are extremely harmful to us , such as rodents , snakes and so on . 
  as a result , in modern world , by far the worst direct animal killer in existence and species responsible for massive amount of animal extinction is the modern domesticated cat . 
  human is generally better at indirect killing through habitat destruction , but we ca n't hold a candle to cats when it comes to direct mass murder . 
  every species on this planet routinely exterminates those that challenge its niche . 
  it 's normal natural interaction . 
  take a look at what wolves do to foxes . 
  lion 's do to leopards . 
  and so on . 
  apex predators do not tolerate competitors . 
  that is the natural way of living . 
  wolf , just like any predator in the eco system can claim only the territory it can protect by killing other large predators that challenge it for it . 
  why do you hate humans so much that you want wolves to kill any human that dares enter the forest ? 
  do you have psychopathic disorder of some kind ? 
  good thing there are huge swathes of such land across northern eurasia and north america , where this species thrives , is n't it ? 
  basically , people forget . 
  and then you have to repeat the tragedy for them to remember again . 
  for a large predator that needs huge amounts of food to sustain itself ? 
  just how much in terms of animals it needs to eat do you think you can fit into the forests ? 
  there is no such duty . 
  they are not endangered . 
  they 're not selling citizenship . 
  they 're offering residency with a bond that will not be repaid if you break the conditions of the bond . 
  that 's how you incentivise people from dramatically different cultures to act in accordance with laws of the society they wish to enter . 
  we know you think that . 
  in reality , states appreciate * legal * migrants they get to vet before they come in . 
  no , it does n't . 
  for quite self-evident reasons . 
  just because you want to be an extremist , does n't mean that world is extreme . 
  reminders : demos . 
  there are real limits how far you can stretch it , as there is such a term as aristocracy . 
  which is inane to the extreme , and the reason why i specifically said that this status exists in the insane minds of animal rights activists . 
  `` oh it 's critically endangered here , but walk over the eastern border , and you 're swimming in them . 
  poor things , we must let them slaughter livestock and pets of people , and threaten people 's livelihoods and sometimes their very lives ! '', 
  you know , we just had an animal rights activists express their hatred for people here in finland . 
  they set fire to a bus facility , while there were several people sleeping inside . 
  they barely got out alive . 
  and animals rights activists were actively celebrating the fire , openly threatening that `` this is what you deserve '' . 
  bus company apparently `` dared to do business with a fut company '' . 
  that is the problem with modern animal rights activism . 
  it 's insane . 
  it will do crazy things when it 's not in power , and it will do almost as crazy of things if they get in power . 
  like setting fire to buildings with sleeping people over contract with livestock company , or marking species thriving just across your border as `` critically endangered '' because you have few of them . 
  by far the biggest killer of animals that comes with our presence is n't weapons . 
  it 's cats . 
  they 're far more efficient at mass murdering animals than we were were . 
  that 's why we domesticated them . 
  they kill everything from rodents to snakes around us , making environment much safer . 
  same goes for dogs , who are less efficient as killers , but more trainable and pack-focused . 
  if you 're expecting everyone around you not to be assholes , well ... 
  if wishes were fishes , i 'd be in pussy for life . 
  some people just are naturally assholes , and they express it in different ways . 
  luckily , most people are n't , unless you treat them like assholes in the first place . 
  so it 's not racism after all . 
  when you open your mouth , your race does n't change . 
  i 'd pick the door number 3 . 
  no , they are generally not religious in any significant way . 
  secularisation does that to people , and when they 're extracted from the insular muslim communities like person interviewed , there are no young muslim men to visit the home of the wannabe apostate that decided to secularise himself , with sticks and stones to return him back onto the `` righteous path '' . 
  hence they succeed in breaking free from the chains of islamism . 
  and they should be helped in this in every way . 
  it 's the main reason why breaking up the `` muslim communities '' and forcing settlement among other parts of population in europe is of key importance . 
  self-segregation is the root of most of problems muslims face today . 
  these are the same wolves we have here in finland , and the `` endangered '' part is bs invention of animal rights activists that exists nowhere outside their heads . 
  here 's the relevant wikipedia page . 
  note conservation status being `` least concern '' , which is assigned to species that are abundant and thriving . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gray_wolf this is the same wolf that is present in russia , just a few hundred kilometres to the east . 
  they have tens of thousands of them . 
  that 's where our wolves migrated from , after we exterminated ours because they kept eating the livestock , local pets and people . 
  in case you did n't know , here in northern europe it was common in the past to walk in the wilderness armed because of wolf attacks killing people . 
  no , i 'm talking about the fact that majority is irrelevant when discussing the topic we are discussing , and listing specific reasons why it is so . 
  you 're also beating on a dead horse if you want to spin that core tenets of islamism are somehow `` on the fringe '' . 
  we have had several large studies at this point that tell us that about the only muslim communities that do n't have large majorities at worst and huge minorities at most subscribe to them are those in former soviet states . 
  literally everyone else is in the `` this is mainstream '' position . 
  the fact that you choose to strawman my argument to the degree you do and simply ignore the reality is troubling , but as you choose to merely throw insults around and present zero evidence to your claims , i 'll call it a day here . 
  random insult throwing is typically the last refuge of someone who has deep faith in something they can not back up by logical arguments . 
  and at that point , arguing based on logic becomes pointless . 
  in case i 've misread you , and you 're interested in actually having your beliefs challenged when they 're patently absurd , here 's an exercise for you : look up connotations that are associated with `` martyrdom '' in various cultures , and how often this word is used .
