  you 're like the guy who took the hands off the steering wheel of his car and observes that `` huh , this keeps on driving forward , this is fine ! '', 
  it is , until road makes a turn hard enough for you to no longer stay on the road . 
   while we may not agree with sanders or trump , they are two candidates that went against the guidelines of the establishment from their respective parties and still managed to get in the presidential race . 
  i am adamant that this would never happen in a list system , because these people would never get anywhere near the list . 
  brexit is again an excellent example why this is simply not true . 
  brits have a system that is distinctly worse for democratic representation than list system - they have a first past post system . 
  they still pushed a dramatic internal change through . 
   back to square one . 
  this person needs to be in a list to begin with . 
  and getting popularity is how you get on the list . 
  that 's why parties across europe fish for celebrities and politically suitable activists to join their ranks . 
  how do you think people enter hierarchy of a party in the first place ? 
   while true there is no rule that dictates `` this is how politics work '' . 
  this is a patently absurd statement . 
  there are countless rules that dictate how politics work regardless of specifics of the political system in state in question . 
  in essentially every state in existence , there are complex legal codes that govern politics , from acquisition of power to application of power , to specifics of power structures . 
  additionally there are best practices that are accrued with experience over time . 
  article 's analysis appears to be largely correct , but for reasons wholly unrelated to this particular line of arguing . 
   regardless , we will never get any politicians like bernie sanders or trump in europe because our system is built against that and yet , we keep getting them . 
  i can give you a long list of politicians currently having significant political power in various european countries that have significant similarities to the two aforementioned candidates . 
  the main reason why they can not get as huge however , is because we do not generally have two party systems , but multi party systems , which offer voters more than just two choices . 
  i can assure you that if you do manage to muster a significant support behind a specific person on the list , that person will get into position of power within his own party very quickly . 
  that 's the beauty of democracy - it grants overwhelming amount of legitimacy to those who enjoy significant popular support . 
  so we do n't get a situation where choices are `` die hard marxist who suffers from severe white guilt '' a la sanders , `` larger than life buffoonery , often out of tune with reality '' a la trump and `` fuck the people , i 'm the system and i 'll tell you how we 're going to do everything and you 'll obey '' clinton . 
  caricatures , but they serve well to demonstrate just why two party system is awful for the voter . 
  it 's not that i have `` faith '' . 
  it 's that i have deep understanding of how this system was built and why it is built in the way it is . 
  the current `` fuck the government , fuck the elections , fuck the power '' trend which guides these misguided outbursts is extremely damaging to democracy itself - because it becomes dysfunctionally ungovernable as a result . 
  uncomfortable reminder : you need a government that can govern regardless of the system . 
  in democracy that means parties and representatives of said parties that have ability to negotiate with one another in good faith and then trust in being able to execute governing policies based on consensus their hammered out . 
  person `` from the street '' has no such experience , and will often result in ungovernability which is severely damaging to people as everyday decisions that need to be made for the good of everyone are not made . 
  this demonstrates incredible depth of ignorance on how politics work . 
  you 're not supposed to vote * only * for individual , but also for individuals within larger political entities . 
  larger political entities dictate general political direction , whereas individuals that get more votes dictate what specific direction this particular political entity will take from within its general political direction . 
  and then these large entities negotiate with each other to find out what is an acceptable consensus , and hence governance by majority is born in a situation where people have * genuinely different political agendas * . 
  while you certainly vote for `` people on the list '' , the people who get most votes on said list are the ones chosen as representatives in most cases , and hence the ones that get the power within the party . 
  thing is , usd is not actually that significant on monetary markets in this regard . 
  if any kind of `` fear of control '' arises , they simply bypass this ineffiency by either using a different currency as denominator , or a package of currencies . 
  unlike with real major products like oil , weapons etc , usa as a state has far less ability to police usage denominating currency on monetary markets . 
  monetary markets are a wholly different beast . 
  i was specifically talking about denominating products as in actual real economy products . 
  rebuilding the stockpile quickly . 
  it takes a long while to produce weapons-grade plutonium . 
  that 's why nuclear disarmament when done correctly actually worked , and why non-proliferation treaty actually works . 
  it 's genuinely painstakingly hard to actually make weapons grade plutonium . 
  and even when you have the ability to do so , it takes a long time to make enough for weapons , nor can this process be accelerated to a significant degree - laws of physics simply do n't allow it . 
  and on this one , it appears that us decided to cheat on the deal . 
  not the first time historically that it did so after the end of cold war . 
  the first deal they made included provisions that cheated russia very heavily out of what the intent of the deal was . 
  there are several documentaries on the subject , and they did n't just cheat the russian state . 
  they also cheated average russians out of their life savings while at it , promising salary + costs after specific amount of plutonium would be transferred to us via proxy company . 
  then after materiel was transferred , proxy company was declared bankrupt and all its liabilities were obviously left unpaid . 
  in this case , it appears to go via similar route . 
  promise to build a plant that would destroy plutonium , let russians build theirs and supposedly do n't finish your own and declare that you are n't going to finish it and just store the weapons grade materiel . 
  when the entire point of the deal was * destruction * of said materiel to avoid it being used for building nuclear warheads . 
  this really is n't anything new . 
  us does this with its antagonists all the time . 
  frankly pretty much their entire interaction with north korea can be described as this kind of action - cycle of promises made to defuse nk buildup , deals to halt buildup , breaking of promises on part of us typically through partial non-delivery , north korea reacting to it , getting painted as being the one to actually break the deal , build-up of antagonism to the peak , promises get made again to defuse . 
  and cycle goes on . 
  it 's a pretty smart strategy . 
  it exhausts your opponent . 
  the only problem is , it also makes you lifelong enemies . 
  still no . 
  denominating contract value in usd is standard procedure in many fields . 
  it does not in any way shape or form make you dependent on central bank . 
  denominating something in currency does n't actually made you dependent on state 's central bank . 
  `` can try '' . 
  not `` can '' . 
  the entire point for these deals has been to enable this sort of `` cheating '' as you put it , or `` setting the rules that supersede sovereignty of states '' as i would put it . 
  not in this case however , because current push for ttp , ttip and ceta has specifically demonstrated that they could not `` cheat '' effectively . 
  different kind of war , and no , you do n't have to play by `` american rules '' on global stage . 
  us companies themselves lobbied hard for this to not be the case . 
  eu has n't been `` chum chum '' with any company that flaunted the rules , including european ones . 
  this is a talk about selective application of justice system , which is patently not the case with apple 's conflict with eu . 
  yes . 
  news media likes him , because he sells . 
  we have an overwhelmingly protestant country , and he 's still widely reported on and considered a fairly popular figure . 
  not someone people think of as important , just popular because media likes to report on him to sell views . 
  i suggest a bartender !, 
  but that would require alcohol . 
  we have a problem . 
  all the more money i 'll have to pay your sister for her services , and i wo n't be drunk enough to not get really kinky !, 
  :d i apologise . 
  but you walked into that one . 
  all the more reason to bury yourself alive it seems ... 
  it was rather obvious that he would . 
  doctrinal differences between orthodox and catholic church are significant , and orthodox have been accusing catholic pope of trying to use his popularity for conversions . 
  clearly , you must bury yourself alive to be one with your god !, 
  if good people run , bad people win by default . 
  this is one must fight such change . 
  one tends to correlate with other very strongly . 
  case to point : turkey . 
  no , i really do n't . 
  in a modern democratic state , if overwhelming majority of people are genuinely religious and a part of monolithic , anti-secular religion , chances of having a secular society that works approach zero . 
  case to point : turkey . 
  you are confusing de facto and de jure . 
  just because nation is de jure x , does n't mean that it 's de facto x. 
  and it most certainly does n't mean that if another nation is de jure not x , it 's de facto less x. 
  and in reality , de facto tends to matter more than de jure . 
  a rotting part , waiting to be eaten by insects and absorbed into the soil , to have its carbon incorporated into standing trees .
