  self awareness = zero . 
  that would be the end of europe in the next election cycle . 
  the pressure for political change is too high . 
  if you actually get `` more of the same '' for one more election cycle , where leaders pointedly call large portions of their electorate `` deplorable '' and continue venting hatred of them and their interests while continuing with policies that bring abject economic misery to the same people , the explosion after it is going to be catastrophic . 
  you 'll actually get to see leaders that will be like what media says trump is like rather than what he actually is like winning . 
  and that would indeed be disastrous . 
  the main reason for rises in finland is going to be the difference in culture . 
  we in finland are used to paying monthly and using as much as we want . 
  it applies to more than just telecommunications , we have everything from monthly bus passes being far more popular than pay as you go , to flat monthly water fees in residential buildings . 
  this requires people to be culturally accepting of `` pool all your resources into one pot , everyone takes as much as they need and all pay similar flat cost '' . 
  essentially we 're largely ok with occasionally paying more ( i.e. 
  paying for others ' usage ) because we know that in the end , we 'll get a better deal . 
  it 's a culture that rises from survival in harsh northern conditions , where to survive you had to share resources with others . 
  many cultures in the south are the exact opposite and prefer to prioritise that each payer potentially pays as little as possible for usage costs incurred by others , even if it means that in the end you get worse service or higher costs . 
  not to those of us in these states . 
  all our mobile operators pretty much announced that we 're going to be paying more for the same product we had because of this legislation . 
   i still like to believe that the psd voters did n't chose this . 
  problem being that this is your opinion . 
  are these people actually protesting it ? 
  sounds like this infrastructure investment will give you a chance if that makes sense . 
  if you want to find out how effective helicopters are at this sort of thing , study on the first air strike on baghdad before the assault on it in second iraq war . 
  a mix of helicopter officers and helicopter manufacturers basically convinced top heads of us army that helicopters would be great to make such a strike . 
  so a lot of apaches were sent on it . 
  official report was never published , but investigative journalism quoted approximately a third of aircraft was severely damaged and raid was an utter failure - anti air defences prevented helicopters from engaging targets almost across the entire frontline . 
  then they sent in a-10s that did the job . 
   it 's not very practical to switch gauges for us . 
  because of geography , our connections are primarily to russia . 
  we 'd create a big obstacle there . 
  i mean , even finland has n't changed theirs . 
  we have a different loading gauge . 
  we also do n't actually have a solid reason to change gauge , because rail trip to mainland would require a very long detour though northern sweden . 
  maritime is much more cheaper , and infrastructure is already in place . 
  same is not true for baltics . 
   the railways will be competely different anyway , one is high-speed and the other is standard . 
  this is how japan runs their railway . 
  they have a standard gauge high speed railway for shinkansen , and about 1m gauge for most of everything else . 
  it costs them an arm and a leg to maintain it , and that 's in a very densely populated country of over 120 million people . 
  do you have any idea what kind of bills are you looking at in a country with barely over a million to maintain two separate rail gauges ? 
   all baltic countries have some significant rail freight from and to russia , and latvia-lithuania also with belarus . 
  not to mention passenger trains . 
  again , this is the problem . 
  you already chose the side to throw your gauntlet with in terms of politics , and now in terms of financing and military . 
  at the same time , maintaining two parallel systems in a small , fairly sparsely populated states is going to be a nightmare in terms of costs . 
  building up both is likely the worst option . 
  best option is usually to select the single rail gauge , and then ensure that interconnects have sufficient capacity to rapidly load cargo into new wagons to minimize delays . 
  that way you only need to invest in interconnect spots instead of entire length of the railway . 
   that would be ideal , but because eu and russia use different gauges , and we 're geographically where we are , we do n't have much choice . 
  i 'd rather not spend some huge sums on something that might not benefit us at all . 
  again , the normal way to handle this world wide is to make interconnect points where cargo and passengers are moved rapidly from one train to another and continue the journey . 
  if you want to be a transit location for more than kaliningrad , this needs to be done anyway . 
  may as well do it on the border , to minimize necessary investment for same returns . 
  this is why this idea sounds rather absurd to me . 
  it 's investing in infrastructure that is just not considered efficient in light of experience of rail logistics . 
  and especially mention of my country as one of the chief financiers of such a project just confuses me . 
  absolutely invest in infrastructure in baltics that is actually efficient . 
  power plants in narva and maritime cable to shift that electricity to us for example , or port infrastructure in tallinn and now in northern region of latvia since that 's where the boose rally from us is shifting with estonia 's new taxes on alcohol . 
  telecommunication networks across baltics . 
  and so on . 
  i 'm absolutely for it . 
  but this sounds like absurd kind of a waste . 
   if a majority of the country wanted something stupid it does not make it right actually it does . 
  also note that whether something is `` stupid '' is a matter of opinion . 
  many religious people think secularism is stupid for example . 
  that does n't make it so . 
  if i remember correctly , those arrangements usually had to do with either specific port capacity or various subsidy regimes . 
  * all involved parties * tend to start wishing for status quo being restored after political violence does what it tends to do to society . 
  that means * everyone , including protesters themselves * . 
  so people support them in this , and protests come from a clear minority of electorate . 
  there 's the problem . 
  democracy is not about making a country into something it is n't . 
  it 's about ensuring that country stays as close to ideals of its people as possible . 
   do you have anything to do with financing it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's just rail baltic is part of the corridor of warsaw-helsinki , so poland and finland are kinda in it , too . 
  for example , part of the project is based on finnish demand for high-speed railway to central europe . 
  sane path for that goes through sweden and denmark . 
  it 's not as efficient as just shipping it straight to polish , german and dutch ports , because it 's not going to be high speed , and neither is this project . 
  it 's freight . 
  this is going to be even more costly , because you have to make an extra hop to maritime and back , and then ship via rail through baltics into poland . 
   first of all does anybody even do that ? 
  i mean , considering the very busy connection between finland and estonia by sea , it 's hard to believe making such a detour through russia would be a better option in any way . 
  not having to go through rail  maritime  rail transition would certainly be better than having to go through it . 
  transitions are among the more costly parts of logistics . 
   secondly , that actually would still remain a possibility , because baltics are not switching their gauge , they 're just building a new line with different , european gauge . 
  this is just a bad idea all around . 
  put plans in to start converting your old one as well and get it actually done in reasonable time frame . 
  having two major rail standards in a country as small as that will cost you an arm and a leg . 
  japan has what , 100 times your population and they are struggling with the costs of having two different gauges . 
  do n't do it . 
  just convert everything to the same standard . 
  it will bleed your budgets far less . 
  not sure if it 's latvia and lithuania or just lithuania that has the transit line for kaliningrad - that one should be kept and rent seeking from russia for resupplying kaliningrad should obviously continue . 
  but local system should stick to a single standard if at all possible . 
   it certainly improves connection to central europe and makes possible to also move military goods , but i have a hard time believing a high-speed railway that could be easily be cut off by kaliningrad or belarus would be that crucial for national security . 
  the other way around . 
  barbarossa demonstrated well just how much extra trouble germans got from having to swap trains for resupply of its troops . 
  one of the major issues why barbarossa ultimately failed in 1941 was difficulties with logistics , and one of the major difficulties with logistics for germany was caused by the fact that every major piece train cargo had to be reloaded on the border into a one with russian gauge . 
  large sums of money is coming into romania as eu investments . 
  if you want to have a hand in that huge piece of pie , you have to play with eu . 
  that 's the carrot .
