  that is the line i would like to push back at you . 
  article 5 for example is intentionally written in a very vague way , as to not really say anything other than `` attack on one is attack on all '' . 
  it says absolutely nothing about : 1 . 
  what is considered to be an attack . 
  what the response should be . 
  if you want , i can provide full relevant text , so you can see for yourself . 
  are you trying to spin it as if you 're saying that `` englishmen are causing insanity in englishmen '' ? 
  otherwise your last statement makes absolutely no sense . 
  a good example would be us-driven societally destructive `` free trade '' agreement `` negotiations '' on which are guided by and so thoroughly infiltrated by us that eu officials actually decided that it was so brazen , they have to cut off negotiations a couple of years ago . 
  which were restarted after poison pill of ukraine was introduced , as means of `` closer cooperation '' between us and eu . 
  it 's worth noting that us calls far lesser penetration of russia 's of their own it systems `` acts of aggression '' . 
  so if you 're pro-us on the issue , not only do you have to explain away these events , but you also have to explain away why us is allowed to call far lesser penetration `` aggressive '' and `` hostile '' , while not describing far worse penetrations done by itself against supposed allies as such . 
  and since anything can be construed as `` attack on nato '' as necessary in geopolitical interests , we 'll have problems . 
  racist in fact . 
  scots and englishmen are ethnically different . 
  discrimination based on ethnic background is known as racism . 
  bigotry is merely a general umbrella term that covers unfair discrimination . 
  can i point out just how racist it is to blame `` english '' for being `` insane '' in the current situation ? 
  you also appear to not be understanding the concept of linear time . 
  as time is infinite , given enough time , almost anything can be done . 
  that is one of the key reasons why eu is actually needed . 
  unfortunately it 's too infiltrated by us to be of use against us ' geopolitical offensives however . 
  but it does seem to function well against other major actors . 
  does n't look like cia honestly . 
  they are smarter . 
  this looks like standard `` neocon bs piece to prop up stock of weapons manufacturers of the week '' story . 
  news flash . 
  there are no `` good guys '' in geopolitics . 
  i recommend reading this very thread , which is choke full of posts like this one : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/579yf7/treat_russia_like_the_international_poison_it_is/d8qb57w if you think that `` putting russia down '' is going to be easy , and that russians will just line up like jews did for the gas chambers , i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  they 're known as tough fighters when they are attacked . 
  many an empire ended up putting itself down by going into russia . 
  and remember , while we 're putting the russians down like dogs that they are , that it 's just self defence and they 're the aggressors . 
  hashtag : moscow is polish territory . 
  less stable than before ? 
  certaiinly . 
  more stable than now ? 
  certainly . 
  you appear to have a serious problem with math . 
  additional zeroes on the end do actually matter . 
  patently false . 
  assad represents the allawite minotiry , overwhelmingly hated by all jihadist forces as apostates . 
  `` but my anecdotal evidence '' is the last refuge of the ignorant who does n't want to admit to being wrong . 
  hint : overwhelming majority of working population does n't work those nine to five jobs because of `` life fulfilment '' . 
  they do it because they need the money . 
  you have to be really , really young , or live in a really , really rich family to think otherwise . 
  i guess you googled the answer to my last question . 
  good for you . 
   which is patently wrong , because it worked on a uk sized economy in 1992 . 
  sigh . 
  original statement you took offense with :  at the end of cold war , these were relaxed in stages , and eventually largely dismantled . 
  this in turn allowed speculator funds to grow in size , and now they are strong enough to affect even an economy as large as uk . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56ypvh/sterling_is_trading_like_an_emerging_market/d8ns1ys this is beyond basics . 
  when was cold war 's ending phase ? 
  someone is n't going to heaven to bang some virgins any more . 
  nor is his family . 
  gold standard is irrelevant to this issue , as it exists to function as insurance , not as primary medium of transactions . 
  it also ceased to exist long before the 1990s . 
  your bringing this up suggests alarming lack of understanding of very basics of the subject we 're discussing . 
   the only `` sudden '' increase in the power of speculators happened over 30 years ago . 
  glad you amended your opinion and agreed with me that loosening of capital controls is the culprit . 
  turkmen do exist outside ottoman empire and china . 
  turkmenistan for example was quite culturally rich due to its position in the middle of silk road , and generally was n't as awful of a place to live in by the standards of the time . 
  and as most former soviet republics , it 's not massively religious on state level and lacks most of the awful features of islam rooted in its modern culture . 
  you have n't seen my jackhammer if you think the hole is not going to be large enough . 
  tibet remains a shithole as a part of china . 
  it 's just a different kind of shithole - but at least people are no longer de facto slaves of the clergy . 
  i ca n't comment on `` turkmen everywhere '' because i have n't studied what happened to all turkmen . 
  i can only talk about turkmen across those parts of asia , as that is something i have knowledge on . 
  turkmen across asia had a huge amount of problems with locals . 
  you probably never heard of them before because they were n't media sexy before . 
  it 's a bit like tibet-china relations . 
  in reality it was unending wars on both ends , between the brutal theocracy tibet and chinese imperial state . 
   there is enough liquidity around for speculators to attack any currency at any time . 
  factually false for reasons outlined above . 
  during early and middle phases of cold war , this was a simple impossibility due to capital controls . 
   this is n't new , as soros showed in '92 which occurred right after the end of cold war , when first parts of repealing of capital control had already occurred . 
  it was an exceptional event , that required massive amounts of funding , that was only available to very small portion of speculators . 
  this is no longer true , as capitals behind speculators grew due to time passed after repealing of capital controls , and increased repealing of remaining capital controls . 
  it 's nice that you manage to confirm the facts i present with your own example , without even realising it . 
   this bullshit of `` actually , women are really unhappy despite what they say , i know that because biotroof reasons '' is so tiring . 
  pretty much all women i know work and they do so because they want it . 
  yes , that is the official propaganda line , and any woman that dares to break the silence on the problem is systemically attacked and silenced by younger feminists . 
  here 's an example of this occurring : http://www.xojane.com/issues/feminism-has-made-men-lazy note the comments after reading the story , and here 's author 's final piece on the topic after getting absolutely shat on by commenters : http://www.xojane.com/issues/response-learning-feminism-piece, 
  question : do you seriously , even for a minute think that there was significant enough pro-brexit `` propaganda '' outside uk that would be able to significant affect an opinion of someone ? 
  because if you do , i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  that is not hard evidence , but circumstantial one . 
  by definition , circumstantial evidence is in fact soft evidence . 
  pretty sure copper does the piping * quietly * and does n't get all whiny . 
  the point being that they do not have a problem here . 
  just like christian and jewish dogma does not have a problem not being the top dog religion in society , and can adapt to function well even when in a minority position due to dogmaic reasons that enable it to function as such , whereas islam due to its dogmaic issues with it 's own supremacism begins to rapidly generate highly unstable and dangerous individuals . 
  not at all . 
  islam has no actual problem with abortion . 
  according to hadiths , soul enters a child a few weeks after birth . 
  christian and judaic opposition to abortion lies in the dogma that soul enters the child upon insemination . 
  contents of dogma matters and they are often radically different . 
  this particular topic is a good example of dramatic difference between dogma . 
  why , are you planing to do something that is commonly known to be done by copper ? 
  and that is why we do n't sympathise with people who are raised like this . 
  we put them down like rabid dogs so we do not have to watch our children being savagely murdered by them . 
  sympathy towards those who feel nothing but hatred and desire to kill you , and who have means to do so is pathological .
