  because their mainstream `` brothers '' slaughter them routinely wherever they can and enjoy wide support among their peers for doing so . 
  these islamic apostates are our primary allies in attempting to reform the death cult of islam into more tolerable religion that respects human rights , as we did with christianity . 
  islamic threat , not salafi threat . 
  specifically the thread of death cult of islam so well spelled out in hadiths . 
  overwhelming majority of sunni support most of the relevant salafi ideologies as they are literal islamic ideologies found in all printed version of hadiths , and their youths will actively assist salafi in acts of mass murder against heathen , who are merely a sect within sunni islam . 
  the murders are dictated by the hadiths , viewed as holy and outside of criticism as far as islam itself is concerned and any critique is the cause of death sentence . 
  notably this is true for all islam , not just sunni , reference : salman rushdie . 
  islam by definition can not be reformed , because any reformer is to be put to death . 
  and islam demands submission , both of muslims and people of non muslim faiths to itself . 
  this is clearly spelled out . 
  tatars differ here for one simple reason . 
  they effectively do not practice mainstream islam . 
  this is because they effectively dismiss large portions of islamic holy texts and for example the small minority of tatars where i live actually practice religion that is closer to christianity than islam when they practice anything at all . 
  and they most certainly are apostates from mainstream islamic point of view . 
  they 're just not the main target . 
  mainstream european population is . 
  this bs about `` oh it 's just the radicalized '' is dying out . 
  too much research pointing clearly that we are looking at overwhelming mainstream that demands things like death sentence for apostates and homosexuals . 
  that 's extremism . 
  and that 's mainstream islam , overwhelmingly accepted by 80-90 % of all muslims . 
  until islam is reformed to embrace values of age of enlightnment , it 's the islam that is the problem . 
  not the `` radicalized '' . 
  if anything , the radical ones are the ones who do not share the opinions that apostates should be put to death , or that converting from islam is acceptable or that europe is a rightful land of islam and muslim 's goal is to colonize it . 
  that is why most of european tatars are benign . 
  their beliefs are largely non-islamic and they are largely non-religious , as opposed to other islamic communities within europe , well demonstrated in paris shootings and the fact that belgian muslim community actively and overwhelmingly supported the perpetrators while publicly pretending to be denouncing them and so on . 
  i refer you to my previous post . 
  the circle is complete . 
  i like how you throw accusations around about not being presented with facts when they were , changing the goalposts in every post and finally complaining that you are unaware of my agenda , which apparently is bad because you do n't know how to correctly attack me . 
  the fact that you chose to ignore all the merits of the argument and focus on shooting the messenger with all guns of rhetorical bs that you have at your disposal says a lot about you and proves that you are arguing in bad faith . 
  next time , consider not doing so if you want the outcome to be anything but you looking like a complete ass . 
  as we all know , running a critical media in turkey is completely safe and there is no interest at all in toeing the party line . 
  it 's not like doing so would cost you your job and earn you a nice government sponsored stay at a hotel otherwise known as `` prison '' . 
  you also appear to continue insist that overwhelming majority of muslims do not support salafi against secular state and its institutions in face of overwhelming evidence of contrary , presented above . 
  or at least you attempt to divert discussion from this fact by pretending that `` being a salafi '' is the only threat . 
  supporting them against the state and the people of faith other than islam is apparently ok . 
  even when they engage in wholesale slaughter of said people , as happened in brussels and consequent attempts by local mobs at stopping police from arresting the suspects . 
  stop insulting my intelligence . 
  always glad to help . 
  here 's a map to help you reference the specifics . 
  http://www.mapsofworld.com/asia/ you 'll also find other fairly successful states in that region , such as malaysia and singapore . 
  and taiwan , depending on your definition of statehood . 
  all of which score significantly higher than thailand on essentially all relevant metrics we have discussed . 
   do you know what relativity is ? 
  compare today 's relations to relations during the 2000 . 
   what you wrote is still irrelevant ; what does it have to do with today 's relations ? 
  first of all , i was addressing your premise , not the vice versa . 
  good to see that we 're in agreement that your initial premise was a bold faced lie . 
  on the second part , are you seriously suggesting that people magically forgot hundreds of years of severe oppression , only to suddenly remember it again ? 
  i have no clue on semitism or anti-semitism in turkey . 
  not my area of speciality . 
  it is however odd that you would grasp at completely irrelevant topics in order to attack my person rather than my premise . 
  you do realise that they wanted said jews for cheap labour force and not some kind of altruistic notion ? 
  this is literally the first time i ever saw someone actually gloat about being brutal slave masters . 
  good timing actually . 
  the problem in bosnia has grown to the size where even mainstream leftist papers in germany are no longer able to ignore it : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/islamic-state-presence-in-bosnia-cause-for-concern-a-1085326.html you 're still engaged in deciding on conclusion , and then trying to twist facts to support it . 
  study in erdogan 's turkey does n't match international standards and peddles the propaganda . 
  colour me shocked . 
  til that south korea is worse off than thailand on issues of prostitution , corruption and sales of brides for foreigners . 
  in real world on the other hand ... 
  called this one yesterday . 
  time to start taking bets on whether he will go to jail or not . 
  problem being that we have significant integration already . 
  economic one specifically . 
  that 's why current sanctions on russia are so damaging . 
  they 're rolling back the integration and demonstrating the supremacy of militant ideology over economic one . 
  it 's also why germans and french resisted them for as long as they did . 
  having taken major brunt from ww2 , they understand better than most what 's at stake . 
  you assumptions are wrong , and aimed to uphold your point of view that simply is n't aligned with reality . 
  again , pew is gold standard for doing such research . 
  if you do not trust them to do proper statistical error mitigation , you ca n't trust any study done on population , ever as those would be notably less reliable in overwhelming majority of cases . 
  notably bosnia is having a severe problem with popularity of saudi-style ideology imported on saudi money today . 
  there was a good documentary on vice where they just went through the villages and basically got interviews from mothers of bosniak young men who were planing to go or already went to fight for is . 
  the problem is endemic , and while they tried to portray it as a problem with just the men , they still had to hide from local populace after they figured out what they were doing . 
  essentially it 's a molenbeek style situation where locals overwhelmingly support these movements and will hound anyone trying to expose or destroy them . 
  that 's obvious . 
  there 's a reason why israel maintains its own arsenal of nuclear weapons , and why every state that does n't want to bow down to world order handed down to them from major geopolitical hegemons wants to either secure their own arsenal or secure support from someone that does . 
  being a neutral state with no arsenal requires a massive investment in one 's conventional army and it limits one 's political mobility significantly . 
  de-escaltion however was destroyed largely due to abm treaty and inf being torn up in washington back in 2001 and start of work on pgs during their pipe dream of `` new american century '' which included quite a few strategic mistakes in addition to that one due to frankly , wishful thinking and belief in one 's own propaganda taking precedence over common sense . 
  pretty much everything else followed that particular event as everyone worldwide started to prepare for long term event where us would truly attempt to secure itself from effects of mad , granting it impunity to execute fist strike . 
  frankly we europeans have lived in peace for a bit too long , and many of our younger people are forgetting the lessons of the past . 
  you can paint the world with `` good us vs evil them '' if you wish , or you can be like me and thing in more geopolitical terms of interests of states , but the fact that to maintain peace we need to demonstrate our preparedness for war is n't going to change . 
  less than average tanker travels in a year . 
  it also has good iron , aluminium and magnesium deposits . 
  worth a lot of money . 
  looking over standard bs like `` dictatorship '' , the fact remains that mad has been the key guarantor of peace between major states in the world . 
  giving them up is akin to suggesting that world war 3 is a good solution to world 's problems . 
  iraq 's invasion was spearheaded by two key oil interests . 
  securing the largest known reserves of light , easy to process crude and stopping iraq from shifting away from petrodollar . 
  i 'll simply quote myself . 
  you are grossly misinformed . 
  as a result , conclusions you draw from this gross misinformation are grossly flawed on merits . 
   turkey had great relations with its neighbours ( minus armenia ) until erdogan went apeshit . 
  do you realise that everyone can see your previous post ? 
  i also have a book on astrophysics to sell you . 
  and i have quite a few friends who have as well . 
  thailand is a very popular tourist destination in finland . 
  its famous and popular mostly for its huge prostitution industry , utterly corrupt officials and brides for sale to foreigners . 
  i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  `` when one 's ideology is based on not understanding the obvious , it 's very hard to make one understand the obvious '' . 
  it 's pretty obvious which quote i meant and the fact that i did n't even quote it , i merely stated `` that famous quote '' followed by a general description of first half of it shows that i was n't looking to actually quoting it .
