  i never made a claim of you supporting the rebels . 
  the fact that you got triggered to lie this brazenly shows i hit a nerve . 
  it is fairly certain at this point that uk is leaving . 
  scotland has no shortcut back in - it is not a sovereign state that joined eu . 
  as a sovereign state , it would have to reapply regardless . 
  considering the explosive situation in catalonia , you can be certain that spain will be looking at your application with a magnification glass for a long time before it lets you in , and eu requires all members to accept the new member . 
  pulling out is a skill . 
  it 's worth noting that you 'll be leaving eu regardless , so that question is moot . 
  you may however apply to join , and you 'll have years of negotiations to get in as a sovereign state . 
  leaving uk is not a free ticket to stay in the eu as you seem to present it . 
  if you say it , it must be true . 
  it 's called geopolitics . 
  these pipes are going to the there for a good century if not longer . 
  if you think poland is going to absolutely remain friendly to germany and will not want to pressure it over that long of a period of time , i have to remind you that they fought two major wars in similar time frame in the past . 
  problem being , that removes a point of pressure for eastern european states they currently have on germany and western europe getting gas through them . 
  it also removes transit fees . 
  so it 's cheaper and more reliable connection for western europe , and less money and less political leverage for eastern europe . 
  that 's why this issue is cleanly divided between those who benefit from it , and those that lose benefits they currently enjoy . 
  most of entertainment costs money . 
  fucking is free . 
   as i said before , i dont . 
  but i attribute the civilian losses in eastern aleppo to russian-led military campaign . 
  we can not just look away and say that artillery units that are under protection of russian air forces have nothing to do with russian intervention . 
  in other words , everything that happens in aleppo , and by extension syria from any forces allied with them is the fault of russians according to you . 
  same standard is not applied to , for example , similar killings done after victories supplied by us bombing to help the `` moderate '' islamists . 
  that 's purely the fault of islamists . 
  us cleans their slate because pr . 
  i rest my case on your hypocrisy and one sidedness . 
  it 's clear that we will not find any common ground on this issue , because you are here to cast blame on the side you hate , and white wash the side you love . 
  good luck . 
   i dont . 
  i could hardly describe civilian casualties in western aleppo , which is controlled by government , to russia , now could i ? 
  majority of civilian casualties were reported in eastern aleppo , tho . 
  you appear to miss the fact that there 's heavy artillery in use , as well as regimes own aviation . 
  you also completely ignore the intersectional conflict among various groups fighting in aleppo . 
  you attribute 100 % losses as `` civilian losses lost to russian air raids '' . 
  that is the point . 
   there were also new iraqi army involved and a group than now enjoys enslaving girls and cutting off heads before panasonic cameras . 
  you do realise that this fits quite a few islamist movements , including those currently supported by west as `` moderate '' ? 
  you can find this and more right at liveleaks . 
  they have a lot of footage posted by those `` folks with panasonic cameras '' stuff if you can stomach it . 
  so red cross lied ? 
  they just classified it differently because red cross is largely at the mercy of relevant forces to work in the region , including when it comes to information gathering . 
  they complain about this quite loudly in fact , but media almost never prints that . 
  on any side . 
  you appear to assume that all the casualties come from russian actions , even through this a city that sits at fault line of long burn civil war with multiple factions warring within the city itself in addition to aerial bombardment . 
  an interesting assumption that tells us more about your bias than about facts on the ground . 
  equally , you appear to be missing the fact that many of the people that were classified as `` enemy soldiers '' by red cross in falluja are in fact classified as `` civilians '' here . 
  there was a really good analysis some time ago on geopolitics reddit of this . 
  essentially everyone involved in syria can not back out without losing face . 
  not us , not france , not uk , not russia , not iran , not saudis , not quataris . 
  so we have a permanent stalemate and a proxy war . 
  sunnis and west and its arab allied states on one side , allawites , and other minorities , iran and russia on other . 
  is quasi-allied with saudi and qatari population ( but not the state apparatus ) in the middle . 
  and kurds are allied with whoever will take them - after anfal they know not to trust anyone further than immediate weapon shipments they receive . 
  that is the point . 
  the more populations on both sides are against one another , the easier it is to have cold war style rule , where any negative thing about the government is deflected with `` but evil russians/westerners did something far more evil , you must focus on fighting them ! '', 
  in this case , i guess she needs something to deflect attention from migrant crisis . 
  `` law '' is a matter of perspective . 
  there are different countries with different legal systems . 
  from point of view on international law , drone strikes for example are illegal , because they have that tendency to kill scores of friends and family alongside the target , and target is n't even all that well identified in most cases . 
  they are however legal by us defition , and therefore executed . 
  russia does exactly the same thing as us in this regard , to a tee . 
  they literally copied the process . 
  declare target a `` terrorist '' or `` enemy combatant '' that is a term not included in any accepted conventions on rules of war . 
  posthumously award this status to any victims of your air strike . 
  the first actually reasonable assessment in this thread . 
  that is the exact point . 
  geopolitics dictate that division among others is beneficial to you if you compete against them . 
  this is nothing new , and has been used by all major geopolitical players since the creation of first states that had borders with one another . 
  falluja did n't happen in your world ? 
  that city was basically raised to the ground in districts where folks resisting the regime and us that supported it fought against it . 
  i think you should meet people outside of your social bubble more often . 
   also , the kurds would want a state of their own in northern syria but i would venture to say there would be more opposition from the turks than damascus . 
  yes , it sounds like there would be less opposition from turks , who would just get windfall damage from strengthening of syrian kurds helping turkish kurds , rather than from syrian government itself , that would see its country torn apart . 
  country/region based as far as i know . 
  i did a quick search on my own machine in comodo 's virtualized browser which i essentially never use other than as backup , and i got completely different results . 
  google customizes search autofill results based on your profile that they have of you , which includes all google services . 
  this map says nothing about google . 
  it says a lot about person who did the searches . 
   my assertion was based on a foundational understanding of early ` eu ' efforts and the involvement of the us in said efforts . 
  false on merits . 
  that was the assumption you made , based on your false assertion of what `` infiltration '' means . 
  as the assertion remains false , so does the assumption you cited . 
   people who voted hitler voted against their best intrest as did brexiteers that 's just patently false in both cases . 
  you are assuming that you are a mind reader . 
  you are not . 
  and if you think you are , you need a psychiatrist . 
  assad will no more give kurds a state than turkey will . 
  you 're genuinely ignorant of geopolitical situation in the region if you think for a moment assad would let them . 
  he wants his whole country back . 
  so does iran . 
  only russians are willing to concede syrian territory to kurds and sunnis . 
  i already have . 
  your entire assertion is based on one false assumption . 
  i pointed out this assumption . 
  without it , your assertion is absurd on merits , as it is in this case . 
  your attempt to spin it as something else in latter part of your post does not remove the fact that that particular attempt to dodge the falsehood is irrelevant , as long as the same false assumption remains false . 
  worst attempt to dodge the question in the history of reddit . 
  we 're done .
