  on a massive scale . 
  almost everyone is getting poorer . 
  much poorer . 
  this generation is the first one that is clearly financially worse off than the previous one unless they were born into extremely wealthy families that are `` getting the million '' in above scenario . 
  many ca n't even afford an apartment and have to live with their parents in their adulthood . 
  this is something that is universally felt throughout the eu and a large chunk of fault lies with the eu and mindlessly aggressive globalisation policies it actively pursues . 
  the denial of people like the writer is very much suicidal here . 
  our history tells us that this is just the beginning , and the end game is civil wars when people become destitute and hopeless enough from `` everyone getting richer '' as he puts it to have no hope for improving their social station other than picking up arms . 
  the only light in the tunnel is that us is likely to hit this point before europe will , and maybe , just maybe folks like the writer of the opinion piece will actually get uncofortable enough for the first time in their sheltered lives to just stop calling everyone who does n't like them getting richer at expense of everyone else bad words . 
  there 's a reason why it 's called `` government sachs '' . 
  people in seats of power often held high positions in gs , and many of those leaving power end up with a high positions in gs . 
  because that 's how you corrupt the system to make as much profit as possible . 
  welcome to natural end game of capitalism , the oligarchy . 
  there you just get met with a mix of indifference/lack of acceptance and businesses simply not serving you . 
  in china , they will actually chase you down the street to poke you . 
  different culture . 
  if you want that experience , go to places like china outside shanghai/beijing and walk on the streets . 
  except many of them wo n't be shaking your hands but doing far more rude things . 
  my point is quite specific : mad has kept up unprecedented era of peace , where large empires co-exist in the world for a long time with massive interest in suppressing one another through warfare and heavy tensions . 
  and yet not going to straight all out war against one another . 
  if this were to be repealed , we would be seeing a full all out world war . 
  all it would take is one mccain getting into presidential office in us . 
  that 's the nature of the world we have today . 
  it 's not wrong to point this out to people who forget lessons of history , so hopefully we never repeat them . 
  if you genuinely believe what you just typed , you would n't be worrying about mad , but about medium range systems , such as iskanders that are in kalingrad right now . 
  those were brought in specifically to counter the missile shield you 're talking about . 
  you really need to at least figure out what it is that you 're afraid of before you enter the discussion on mad . 
  and do n't put words in other people 's mouths . 
  the statement was that `` if you want to condemn people to die in nuclear conflagration , you deserve to die with them '' . 
  it 's well established at this point that when state is a competitor of us and us enters a situation where it can destroy this state without significant consequences to itself , you get iraq , libya and so on . 
  this is not a new policy . 
  mcarthur was openly for nuclear strikes on non-nuclear states in asia for similar reasons for example . 
  that is why mad is needed to maintain peace . 
  you listed a large amount of interceptor systems , that share little to no commonality in their usage patterns , and the suggested that none of them counter ballistic missiles . 
  this in spite of the fact that several of them are in fact specifically systems that are designed to counter ballistic threats . 
  independent finds the dumbest people from both camps to comment on this story within the story . 
  wow . 
  you can do both you know : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4rnjn2/tallest_structure_in_norway_troll_a_platform_472/, 
  i like how you start with `` it does n't mean that they will nuke unprovoked '' and then list what you would qualify as `` provocations '' which according to you are already happening . 
  did you at all notice the topic of this discussion , which you wonderfully ended up agreeing with in spite of your protestations just now ? 
  ways in which icbms can be intercepted today : 1 . 
  during launch . 
  heavy payload ensures that their acceleration is woefully insufficient to escape short and medium range anti air missiles , not to even mention look down shoot down interception from above . 
  us invested significant amounts into tracking ussr submarines for this very reason . 
  you may not be able to kill it , but you have a very good chance to intercept the missiles as they are launching . 
  top of the ballistic trajectory and terminal stage : that is where the strategic air interceptors like sm-3 come into play . 
  idea is that you do n't need to destroy the payload . 
  you merely need to damage the detonator , which is extremely complex and even a minute damage to which will cause a conventional detonation rather than a nuclear chain reaction within the payload . 
  these are the interceptors currently being installed in eastern europe . 
  the fact that you list things like `` iron dome '' in your list of strategic ballistic missile defence systems shows the chasm of ignorance you have on the subject . 
  please study what relevant systems actually do before you continue with this dicussion . 
  i recommend searching for the actual thing again , and reading the doctrine , the basis on which it was formed and how it was eventually countered . 
  then you will understand why current interception mechanisms are obviously viewable as stepping stones to return to the said doctrine . 
   there is zero risk that a nato missile shield will lead to them striking first at russia . 
  recommended historic reading : us doctrine of `` beheading strike '' and its historic derivatives . 
  correct , which is why you should read about the doctrine i mentioned , and just how scared ussr leadership was of it . 
  it ended up resulting in very different command structures in us and ussr when it came to managing to mad . 
  considering all the pre-war `` locals will welcome us '' that came out of britain , you 'll need to be crystal clear about when you 're being sarcastic . 
  are you suggesting that locals would welcome you and you would be able to do with it as little bloodshed as russia did ? 
  if you are wrong , how are you planning to do reparations for having to slaughter locals wholesale to achieve your objectives ? 
  may i recommend not copy-pasting utterly irrelevant cherry picked out of historic context factoids and instead reading the actual post you 're replying to ? 
  relevant nato doctrine that debunks your angle : beheading strike . 
  while it 's impossible to execute now , it 's certainly getting closer as these interceptors keep getting installed . 
  work in progress . 
  you got ta keep the faith !, 
  and when mad is gone and next mcarthur destroys a few cities with tactical nukes to help with his military push , you 're going to get exactly what you deserve with that attitude . 
  crimea was polar opposite . 
  a russian territory with russian populace , handed over to ukraine in a bid to calm internal political pressures of the de-stalinization . 
  that 's the point . 
  you sell based on the weight . 
  when you add cheaper oil to more expensive meat , you dilute the expensive product with cheap one . 
  just like you could make beer healthier by diluting it with water . 
  `` guys , really , it 's just complex . 
  it 's not at all about disempowering democratic institutions to serve multinational business . 
  please listen and believe ! '', 
  ah yes , the `` opposition to eu is hysteric , populist , racist '' claim . 
  let 's not go there . 
  it 's been done to the death and no , it is not . 
  that part always weirded me out . 
  why are ukrainians worse off in the system than middle easterners ? 
  have our asylum application systems become so racist that they automatically discriminate based on `` less white = more rights '' ? 
  especially considering how they , as well as russians and generally most of the people from former soviet union 's european territories have similar cultures , making them quite easy to integrate compared to central asians , middle easterners and north africans that are prevalent in the system . 
   these people have not found anything that would be extremely surprising , compromising or unusual . 
  considering the obvious difference in ethics we have , this is where our conversation ends . 
  it 's hard for me to even imagine someone so utterly unethical as to even consider uttering the line i quoted above and actually mean it . 
  the sheer volume of utterly unethical , severely compromising and extremely unusual inclusions in these latest `` free trade '' agreements has been widely disseminated in public for several years at this point . 
  to claim otherwise at this stage takes an extreme lack of personal ethics of any kind . 
  you could have gotten away with this line , maybe , if you uttered it two-three years ago . 
  and even that is doubful . 
  today , not a chance in hell . 
  obfuscation attempts of isds alone are legendary at this point . 
  preparations for the talks . 
  let 's not be naive . 
  states will most certainly safeguard their interests , even if unionists within commission bitch and moan about it . 
  eu as in commission ? 
  probably not . 
  eu is in members of the council ? 
  i have no doubt whatsoever . 
  bureacracies of individual states are likely already preparing the lists or relevant subjects for the talks . 
  olive oil is quite a bit cheaper than meat where i live .
