  lion 's share of our war reparations came from that . 
  we were also integral part to the naval blockade of entire soviet baltic fleet . 
  as far as threats go , your assessment defies established historic facts . 
  i merely addressed the point you yourself raised on same merits you raised it on . 
  if you can not take the argument about the point you raise , then do n't raise that point in the first place . 
  awesome . 
  i 'm learning things . 
  anything else ? 
  til : russia is n't having far more success in its intervention in syria than anyone else . 
  do you have any more of these heavenly pearls of wisdom to share with us plebs that do n't use drugs to fly quite as high as you do ? 
  so in your opinion , public opinion in democratic states is irrelevant . 
  also you appear to think that state leader who is the insider of intelligence service of one of the best intelligence services on the planet and who speaks several of our languages fluently is not aware and needs some random poster to `` forward the commentary '' to him . 
  it would have come off as sarcasm if it was n't quite as stupid of a suggestion as it is . 
  then why are you advocating for preparing for any kind of aggression from russia 's side ? 
  surely it would just fall apart on the way . 
  of course . 
  it takes two to tango to this particular tune . 
  the main worry is that beat gets so fast that dancers ca n't control it any more . 
  except for the fact that a lot of people in this very thread openly tell us that there is and they 're glad to provide it . 
  how do you ignore that elephant in the room ? 
  wait what ? 
  the actual list of countries threatening other countries with nuclear weapons : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_states_with_nuclear_weapons seriously , less wholesale swallowing of propaganda please . 
  us not only actively threatens others with it 's nuclear arsenal , it also actively arms other nations with it 's own nuclear arsenal . 
  in this regard , it is in fact the outlier . 
  no other state in the world arms other sovereign states with it 's own nuclear weapons and has them practice using them . 
  i recommend reading into ww2 preparations . 
  the reason it was as bad as it got was because ussr under stalin 's orders was doing things similar to what nato is doing today - preparing for offensive warfare . 
  that means moving a lot of assault materiel into border regions , building road infrastructure to support supply lines for offensive that were used by enemy to make rapid advance and so on . 
  just look up what wermacht captured on first days of barbarossa . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to have that much of mobile assault materiel sitting on the very border unless you 're in final stages of preparation for assault , for the very reason that history demonstrated : it will simply get captured in first days of assault by the enemy , and then used against you as far as it can be used . 
  heck , bt tank series which were the major part of what ussr was making before nazi germany attacked could n't even work properly in ussr , as they were meant as fast road tanks . 
  their offroad capability was terrible and they made terrible defence line tanks due to their paper armour . 
  there 's also significant evidence suggesting that ussr did in fact have defensive emplacements in border region that were removed in years before the war started because they interfered with road laying in border regions . 
  which makes no sense if you 're preparing to defend your country rather than attack another one . 
  there is a lot of circumstantial evidence to this in addition to direct evidence mentioned above . 
  ussr did grind germany down eventually . 
  but it suffered biggest losses of any country in ww2 , in large part because of what happened in barbarossa . 
  they do n't really have a choice . 
  just looking at this thread you 'll find plenty of `` we should destroy russia '' posts . 
  at the same time , hardware being brought to striking distance of their key cities is overwhelmingly assault and assault support hardware . 
  from russian point of view , it probably looks a lot like 1940 in terms of war preparations on the other side . 
  til hollywood makes for an amazing teacher on how warfare works . 
  you 're unable to even copy-paste properly . 
  did you miss the whole part where i contested the entirety of it ? 
  it 's only about 100 % of my initial post . 
  admittedly , it requires a bit more intelligence than what is required to copy paste to comprehend . 
  are you being intentionally obtuse , or do you genuinely believe that wikipedia is citable source on ongoing political events that have massive amount of online information that is mutually exclusive ? 
  you should read on what wikipedia is and why it is the way it is sometime . 
  then you 'll realise that wikipedia is the last source to look at for information of these events , right after citing what you read off a toilet wall . 
  remember folks . 
  wikipedia is the place to go for accurate political assessments of current events . 
  historians are ancient history , as are political analysts . 
  put your trust in the collective of internet hivemind moderated by a group of moderators that overwhelmingly represent a very specific culture and viewpoint . 
  you are describing progressives . 
  not leftists . 
  again , difference is comparable to that of right wing people and nazis . 
  latter did evolve from former , but typically take exact opposite views on many issues . 
  this similarity appears to extend to using latter as a tool to beat down anyone representing former via misrepresentation . 
  leftists are often misrepresented as progressives when you want to beat them down , and right wing people are misrepresented as nazis . 
  as a centrist i 'm getting tired of both . 
  a good and quite undeniable example of leftist view and how it 's diametrically opposed to progressivist view is found , as i mentioned above , in the `` i have a dream '' speech by mlk : `` i have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . '', 
  that is a leftist ideal . 
  progressivist ideal is to suggest that mlk 's ideas are racist because they ignore race and claim equality of suffering instead of equality of opportunity . 
  borne of the same movement , diametrically opposed in views . 
  no , they were n't . 
  it 's too big and would have had too much power in eu . 
  big european states that hold most of the power within eu would not go for it , as they would lose too much power in guiding the direction of eu if russia was to join . 
  that said , it 's likely that the key reason why us acted the way it did in instigating the putch in ukraine is because eu and russia were getting far too close both politically and economically . 
  if was probably viewed as being on the path to the point where it would become conceivable that eu capital and political will combined with russian military and force projection know-how would actually form an entity capable of challenging us hegemony on world scene . 
  in this light , poison pill of ukraine makes perfect sense . 
  except that 's the reality of it , and not a `` story '' . 
  leftist movement is about equality of opportunities . 
  you need not look beyond people like martin luther king for factual evidence of this . 
  progressivist movement on the other hand is the exact opposite of that particular argument , even through it grew out of the leftist movenet originally . 
  essentially your entire argument of `` you can not separate the two '' is equivalent to claiming that you can not separate right wing policies from policies of national socialism , since it also grew out of the right wing movement . 
  did you even bother to read the statement before you went on your racist knee-jerk ? 
  because you see , i did n't say a word about christianity , nor islam practising this . 
  i made a statement about people claiming that white people of europe practising this is false , and i made a a point that saying this is not islamophobia . 
  the only way for your statement to be a viable answer to it is either if : 1 . 
  you are a racist that believes that islam is religion of black people and christianiaty is a religion of white people . 
  you think that african christians are overwhelmingly white . 
  which has relevance to my statement because . . ? 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  you confuse `` leftist '' and `` progressive '' . 
  former seeks equal opportunity . 
  latter seeks equal suffering . 
  while it seems that most progressives start as leftists , they are the worst enemies of the political left , as their agenda is specifically about demolishing opportunities of those they deem `` too privileged '' . 
  i think it 's less pc and more of some sort of misguided guilt . 
  as if they 're feeling guilty because they built their country well , and their lives are largely happy , while others suffer because their cultures and countries are built to make them suffer . 
  and they atone by harming themselves like flagellants of old until they 're down to the level of those others . 
  funnily enough , they 're talking about girls of ages of around 10 . 
  even in countries with burkhas , that 's a bit too young for that kind of covering . 
  that kind of line of thought takes a lot of blind , irrational faith . 
  there is no evidence of any of the things you 're saying going the way you say . 
  bulgaria is still a corrupt shithole with no change in sight . 
  same goes for romania . 
  poland is still authoritarian and staunchly religious and going further authoritarian and religious . 
  hungary is still authoritarian and walks its own path . 
  eu can bring superficial change and it can increase economic activity through free trade . 
  it can also create pressure to improve internal situation through limited wealth transfer mechanisms it has and threatening to cut them if progress is not made .
