  arestos are always expected to rule , because ruler is by definition a part of elite . 
  what democracy does however , is force elites to note concerns of populos to certain degree . 
  that is why we have democratic election system that polls all people , rather than just the elites . 
  the opposite of this system is aristocracy , which is about focusing on hearing the concerns of the elite over the concerns of the people . 
  modern oligarchy for example is an excellent example of such a system , and western states have been slipping toward oligarchic order to a significant degree . 
  that 's why trump 's election is a pointed demonstration that in spite of everything that happened to far , us is not an oligarchy but a democracy . 
  elites were in overwhelming opposition to trump across the board . 
  and he still got elected and sword into power . 
  that is the demonstration of the fact that populos ' concerns are still being heard on systemic level , in spite of consistent pull toward oligarchy that was ongoing for decades . 
   maybe some rules are worth reconsidering if they require mass surveillance to work ? 
  you mean rules like speed limits ? 
  no , they are not . 
   it is true in like 95 percents of cases and like all bigots , you 're not going to provide any citation for this outlandish claim , instead of just sticking `` my personal feeling of bigotry tells me that this is so '' . 
  again , your extreme moral relativism has no place in discussion about reality . 
  reason is listed above . 
  words have specific definitions . 
  consider using them , instead of pretending that they mean nothing next time . 
  yes . 
  it 's also an orange , a space ship and a long philosophical lecture . 
   the guy was singling out muslims as some unique immigrant problem to the west which they factually are . 
  we also have hindus , buddhists , christians , atheists and a lot of specific cultures and subcultures not related to religion . 
  we objectively do not experience the problems with them that we are experiencing with islam . 
  that is a simple fact . 
  `` but my anecdotal evidence '' . 
  tells us a lot about you and nothing about the subject . 
  indeed . 
  it 's clear that people still in there are committing more terror acts than people who were released . 
  i 'm sure you will be happy to personally go and inform families of victims of this man of your hypothesis . 
  please ? 
  citation needed . 
  because as we all know , that riot materialised out of nothing , and now that it has been stopped , there is no danger of it ever occurring again . 
  sweden is very well off , and there is no problem with migrants at all . 
  nothing to see here citizen . 
  move along !, 
  or else we 'll call you a racist . 
  is n't mmr mandatory for children in most european states ? 
  as in if you go to school , you get it ? 
  this is basically standard modern fake news stuff . 
  it artificially limits the scope to make outcome look like something completely different than it actually is . 
  in this case , the goal is apparently to make it look like us is not financing the lion 's share and that germany and france are contributing a large portion of financing . 
  reality being all together different as noted in link above . 
  the main contribution is not payment of money into nato structures , but contributing actual military forces to the structures that function under nato . 
   that 's because conversation about islam , or even about immigration is quite often dominated by racists . 
  this is a lie , because racism is discrimantion based on race . 
  islam is a religion , and therefore discriminating against people because they are muslims is not racism . 
   logically , it would mean that such destructive reactive views should have been more predominant when inequality was higher . 
  why were n't they ? 
  why now ? 
  because misery is not measured by inequality . 
  inequality is but one component in misery of the lower class . 
  other parts include things like safety of them and their families , hope for better future for their children , purpose in one 's life and so on . 
  a good example of how people are made miserable is by looking at how nazis broke jews in the concentration camps . 
  it 's not about particular levels of poverty , hunger or thirst . 
  it 's about taking away one 's meaning in life and hope for the better . 
  methods through which nazis achieved those goals , which made jews literally walk into the death chambers apathetic , knowing they were going to die were similar to what you see among working class today . 
  they made them do tasks that were hard , and utterly meaningless . 
  a good example is dragging heavy sacks of salt or flour back and fourth in the camp . 
  it 's hard gruelling work , and you ca n't even take pride in it , because it 's utterly pointless work . 
  it breaks the spirit of the person by taking away any reason they would have to have a meaning in their life . 
  and that is exactly what 's happening across lower classes . 
  massive societal changes in very fabric of society leaves more and more people without meaning for their life , and without means . 
  you ca n't measure this with some specific stick . 
  but you can observe the inevitable symptoms to diagnose the problem 's existence . 
   when i have been poor half my life . 
  being poor does not mean being miserable . 
  it 's again just one criteria among many that lead to it . 
  you are objectively missing the point by a mile , for the reason stated above . 
  you have your own subjective universe in which you exist , and people who are voting for populists , people * who 's motivations you yourself clearly state to not be able to understand on very basic level and who 's motivations you asked to be explained to you * are utterly alien to you . 
  and when you 're get the answer to your question , you reject it . 
  because you do not want to start thinking about these people . 
  it 's easier to think of them as statistics , or idiots , or subhumans , as many end up doing . 
  and that is exactly what causes the tragedy i outline above . 
  you can see more of this same thing if you follow up a few reporters that took trips to find out who the trump voters were . 
  they all shared the same reaction you are displaying : denial of existence of such people followed by utter disbelief that people who had this kind of hopeless existence actually existed in large amounts when they met with them face to face and interviewed them on camera . 
  followed by visible severe discomfort and return of these reporters back to their comfortable environment . 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  you live in alternate subjective reality from these , and can not even begin to comprehend what it 's like to live a life where all you see ahead is more misery . 
  a life where you have to work two shitty jobs just to survive and still see that you ca n't afford to give your children anything more than basic necessities , knowing they have a life of misery , just like yours ahead of them , and you can not provide anything better for them . 
  to you , these people are statistics . 
  and statistics look good enough . 
  you never interacted with any such people . 
  to you , they do not exist . 
  same applies to these same people . 
  to them , your world does not exist . 
  they have no access to it . 
  that is because you 're well off . 
  really well off . 
  for someone who sees his life getting steadily worse over decade , any change is acceptable . 
  because to that person , all he can see is crushing misery in his future . 
  and it 's this disconnect between those that are well off and those than are n't that drives revolutions . 
  neither side can understand one another , because neither side lives in the same subjective reality as the other one does . 
   can someone name me just one instance in which a radical change followed by the collapse of a national or supranational entity ended up with an good outcome ? 
  for people like i described , most of them . 
  some suffer , but in the end , status quo is broken , and there 's hope and restoration in the end for majority . 
  which is far better than slow downturn and continuous hopelessness and misery . 
  it does n't . 
  firing at people to wound in self defense almost never happens in nordics . 
  not even in sweden . 
  this is an event so rare that even swedish `` nothing to see here , also swedish men are the root of all evil , so move on '' politicians will have problems explaining this away . 
  we already have internal genetic division between east and west of the country that is more significant than difference between eastern finns and karelian russians , and western finns and swedes .
