  united nations , the ultimate `` weak troll '' . 
  7 % is a relatively tiny minority . 
  in most europeans states , 7 % , if they all grouped up ideologically based on that single criteria , would barely cross the minimum threshold to get into parliament , and they would most certainly not get into power . 
  you can google it actually . 
  especially in birds and small mammals , the process of how plastic blocks digestive tract is well documented , because it 's been a huge problem on small pacific islands for last decade . 
  ok . and ? 
  do you have an interception route from which you can identify them ? 
  which would lead us to the obvious conclusion . 
  that is if we were n't ethnocentric racists . 
  try to see the point beyond ethnicity that is being made here . 
  i 'll let you think about it some more before i offer it to you on a silver platter . 
  what is the option here that simply does n't feature race in it , that makes the facts i presented completely understandable ? 
  what motivated all these people that is n't actually about race and racism ? 
  so in the end , racist logic wins . 
  the obvious conclusion of `` this has nothing to do with ethnicity and everything to do with ideology and people that followed it '' does n't even cross your mind . 
  they were just as requested by local regimes . 
  some of the regimes were puppet regimes , but they were in fact there on request from a sovereign nation . 
  self-defence against enroaching adversary that speaks as you do of his hatred towards russians as ethnicity and desire to end their imperialism once and for all . 
  are you telling me that any people in the world would just bend over and let someone who espouses ideology like yours toward them just let you without resisting ? 
  i present that you will find no such people outside very specific religiously pacifist circles . 
  everyone else will start looking for ways to resist . 
  that has everything to do with the geographic size of it , and very little with the people living in it . 
  yet your projection is specifically upon the people . 
  your second point is just patently false . 
  there were plenty of other ssrs that were in fact propped at detriment of russian soviet socialist republic to great extent . 
  in fact , when this drain of resources was stopped at collapse of ussr , many of these former ussr republics had their level of life collapse as well and never really recover to soviet levels . 
  so tired of making the same obvious point about royals to the same group of people that does n't even know that european royals were a distinct genetic group that bred mainly among themselves to such extent , that they have specific genetic disorders that they and only they have . 
  they were not a part of population they ruled . 
  and yes , facts still disagree with you . 
  just because you say `` nuh uh '' does n't remove the facts from existence . 
  nor is pretending that soviet union was a continuation of russian empire . 
  in fact , if you truly believe that even for a minute rather than just making a really bad verbal attack , i 'm very interested in facts you can present to advance this hypothesis of yours . 
   yet lenin and stalin are still quite often pictured as statesmen in russia , and russia is continuing some of the soviet traditions ( in eastern ukraine for example ) , hence people blame russians . 
  they were great statesmen . 
  who also committed many atrocities . 
  one does not prevent the other . 
  and no , if they did indeed `` continue with soviet traditions '' , you 'd see russian tanks in lviv and mass murder and deportations in hundreds of thousands . 
  do you ? 
  then they clearly are n't . 
  you are obfuscating it maliciously . 
  study is crystal clear on the issue . 
  seven percent agree . 
  heck , i could say that `` i agree with stalin 's policies to some extent '' , for example as it came to defence against germans pushing for lebensraum . 
  by your malicious interpretation , i 'm now pro-stalin . 
  in reality , i 'm not . 
  everyone actually . 
  specialist work needed to be done by specialists had to be imported . 
  back then baltics were rural backwater , with lack of specialist workforce . 
  after a few generations , you had baltic nationals were working much of those industries . 
  that 's why societies in baltics continued to function just fine even after many of the imported specialists left after the collapse of soviet union . 
  i know this for a fact in estonia , since we had to work with local university in relation to older narva plants . 
  they had entire faculty specifically doing research relevant to functioning on those plants . 
  they were essentially all estonian , and they were really fucking pissed that we had better tech than they did for burning the messed up shale they are using and we were n't giving them the tech for studies . 
  apparently soviets were really open about those things to the local universities , because they wanted locals to improve the existing systems . 
  aye , that 's what happens when you get consistently called a devil by outsiders . 
  you circle the wagons and go on defensive . 
  it 's still just seven percent even with that . 
  are you suggesting that seven percent is `` not very limited circles of populace '' ? 
  did you just seriously compare fibre to plastic in terms of behaviour in digestive tract and find them to be the same thing ? 
  one fills up with water and essentially serves as a lubricant for food to go through the digestive tract . 
  other is insoluble , forms significant obstructions in the same tract and tends to get simply stuck in it . 
  i think `` butthurt '' is stopping you from progressing as a society , and you need to start looking at what 's important in the future for your nation . 
  especially if you want to become a nation that is genuinely as culturally important to europe as commonwealth was . 
  essentially , your entire argument is `` i will pick my biases based on any criteria i choose , and will apply them selectively without any universality '' . 
  at least you 're honest about your racism i suppose . 
  not much i can do about such a conviction other than to simply condemn it for what it is . 
   are we in agreement then that all ukrainians are guilty of all the same crimes as russians when they were a part of soviet union ? 
  i actually did n't . 
  the exact quote was the answer to `` all russians '' claim with `` ok , then clearly it 's also all ukrainians ? '', 
  i did that specifically because i wanted you to make the disconnect between past and present , and then project it on your point , demolishing it . 
  which you did . 
  so i guess we ended up in agreement on that point . 
  military aircraft running transponders during their missions ? 
  what ? 
  they 're obviously still visible to radar , but radar has no clue what it 's seeing . 
  it just tells you that there 's an object in this direction at this range . 
  that 's why you need interceptors on your borders to go out and visually identify what it is you 're seeing on your radar . 
  no such interceptors are obviously available in that region for self evident reasons . 
  has it ever occurred that these politics hit them far worse than they hit your country ? 
  just look up at what stalinist policies did to russians . 
  they were the biggest victims of those . 
  i recommend the recent documentary on stalin , it has some really amazing features from the old soviet archives . 
  here 's the one on our national broadcasting site , i do n't think you can view it outside finland though . 
  but it should help you find the original : http://areena.yle.fi/1-3160695 and mind you , after soviet collapse , russians , ukrainians and some others granted historians wide access to internal archives , from which movie like one above was made . 
  so yes , they do admit to it . 
  there 's always going to be a fringe in their society that will deny it , but by far and large , folks own up to the huge problems of stalin 's regime and what followed it . 
  they did overthrow it after all in 1990s . 
  which suggests that foreign policy represents the will of the people . 
  thanks for agreeing with my point about democratic mandate . 
  google `` national '' . 
  i actually did specify , just you quoted `` modern poles '' . 
  and yes , you could accuse me of racism based on it . 
  problem being that i 'm not basing this on the same merit as person i quoted above basic his view on - just plain racially motivated hatred . 
  i 'm basing my view on reflection of his views , and the fact that they clearly enjoy a significant following . 
  you could frankly still argue racism , and from that point , i would even imagine that your argument could be partially correct . 
  you could n't accuse me of open racism or phobia however , because i do make a point of presenting a factual case of person specifically demonstrating such hatred , and significant following . 
  as a result , it 's not a phobia , i.e. 
  an illogical fear . 
  it 's not even a fear . 
  it 's merely a statement of a fact at that point .
