  yeah , not really : / plus i sounded like a pretentious prick saying i do psychology , sorry :p, 
  aye , my psychology course has yet to get on it  haha, 
  ... maybe : / but you get addicted to the things you like ... or at least the things you think you like , not the things that you hate ? 
  haha  and i 'm not too sure - i do n't smoke , my mums never had to do that  maybe with a 13 year old it would :p, 
  well , i reckon i could drink you under the table with orange juice  the point she would prove would be physical - everytime i would attempt to smoke again i would have that negative memory - hey she did train as a psychologist : / ... 
  negative reinforcement in action :p, 
  hmm , if i smoked when i was 13 my mum would 've bought a few 20 packs and made me smoke them all until i was sick , just to prove her point . 
  and yeah , i 'm 16 , i go out with my mates and get drunk , but never so much that i 'm paralytic , that i am so out of control that i end up in hospital . 
  thats just stupid . 
   i think part of why is because it 's seen as an edgy thing to do . 
  yeah that was what the show said , 
   the us and , say , italians haha and i 'm pretty sure the british as well  is it true or not that smoking marijuana does n't really appeal to the dutch people ? 
  or have the tv programs i 've watched lied ? 
   haha and yeah i believe the uk has the 1st past the post , however as you might 've noticed it has n't really helped - we 've still got a joint government  and to be honest mate , i 'm under voting age so par having political discussions at home and in school , it has n't really affected my life so far  well , par this bloody # 9000 pound a year tuition fees for uni : l and nope , it 's interesting to find out about other countries ways of doing things , 
  wow , thanks that cleared it up a helluva lot  some of the parties sound , well , not very useful - the 50 + - that 's kinda only gon na go in one direction : / so what party usually wins ? 
  and no offence , but is n't marijuana legalisation one of the major points for tourists coming to the netherlands ? 
  ( par the amazing country and history of course . ), 
  why would the vvd be against such a large tourist attraction , it 'd be like the us being against disneyland . 
  i 'm not too sure we have such individualised parties , such as the 50 + , in the uk : / sure we have labour , ld , the tories , the green party , bnp , ukip etc ... but they all focus on many things ( kinda ) than one specfic thing : / thanks again for explaining , i like the way you write as well , its clear and funny . 
  in the way that i ca n't understand it  what are all the parties ? 
  who does what , who wants what ... ? 
  see my confusion ? 
  as someone who does n't know anything of dutch politics , this graph is very confusing ... o.o, 
  i 'm slightly confused - [ i just took the test , what the hell does it mean ? 
  ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/printablegraph?ec=-2.38&amp;soc=-4.41 ) nothing can be * this * generalised surely ? 
  i 'm sorry , they did it again . 
  yeah , he proceeds to get his arse out every time i see him : /, 
  it 's fine , as long as you have learnt your lesson . 
  hahaha yeah , my mate in rugby last tour - whilst extremely pissed - got the rolling stones tongue logo tattooed on his arse :'), 
  ah thank you , i understand now . 
  and imagine if you lived in a country full of them - every sign post is in english and welsh , 
  thank you , i have always wondered what those were , 
  i did my welsh gcse a year or so ago and i might 've forgotten a lot  but ` k\u026anw\u026ad ' ` k\u026anw\u028ad ' ` kin-wuud ' ` k\u0259nw\u026ad ' do n't look like no welsh i 've seen before o.o, 
  very confusing : / do they actually speak welsh there ? 
  plus wtf does welsh sound like in an american accent o.o, 
  yeah o.o surely it 's blaming us for * creating * then them stealing our names , 
  :o wow , i thought he was an american visiting/living in uk ... well , i did n't know that , thank you sargant . 
  but first of all if he lives in wales then they already have welsh names , as does most english cities/large towns . 
  so how can we name any more ? 
  plus if they were english why would welsh people 's names effect the people who lived there ? 
  o.o then you 've met some fucked up retarded english people  and really ? 
  people . 
  i remember her saying that on a different show : / fuck sake bush . 
  ` do n't name any more of our towns ' ?????????? 
  yeah i did n't understand that either : / really confusing . 
  also i 'm glad it was n't the millennium stadium to do that cock up with the korean flags  we 'd have never lived it down . 
  yeah ok i understand that point , i just get pissed when i see streets or paths or whatever with litter all over it , unmown hedges and grass etc and then all these people do n't do fa . 
  fuck it , just watch the olympics for the next few weeks , 
  aye no offense made  it is fucked up . 
   try having to do an exam in that bloody language, 
  to answer that last part - at the moment there is a grant from the assembly - they 'll pay part of the tuition fee if you go to uni in cymru . 
  but that 's going to be gone by the time i get there : / and yeah i do understand but would n't it be better if we did have a ` force ' of people that could look after the community rather than wait on the council to get to the end of its money ?? 
  or they could be used as volunteers ? 
  i 'm sure many charitable organisations would be looking for volunteers , 
  yeah the big things like nhs and education should be nationwide but some taxes or housing laws or trading laws . 
  these things - i believe - should be a county thing  i mean once i finish the next two years of a levels i want to go to uni and study medicine - so that 's # 45,000 in tuition fees alone , not forgetting living costs , transport , books etc etc  sometimes it seems that the government is trying to hurt the people that can make the country better - the ones who * do * go through education , the ones that * do * set up their own businesses . 
  : / i also thing that they 've fucked up with the prisons and the dole : / i mean when prisons are in a better state than our schools then something is awry . 
  plus why should the tax payer basically ** give ** money to people who * do n't * look for work . 
  who sit on their arses all day and let the government sort everything out for them ? 
  i propose that all those on dole that are n't actively looking for work or that have been unemployed for over , lets say , 6 months , have to do community service . 
  haha might do , i was thinking of getting a small tattoo of the flag and when i go on holiday and someone says ` do you like living in england ' i 'll get up in their face pull my sleeve up and say in a put on very valleys accent ` i 'm from wales butt ' not to impose any stereotypes or anything o.o, 
  firstly ` softy-southerners '  wrong person to say that to  also no i would never want to be independent - as a country we would fail . 
  as would scotland . 
  the sennedd can be bad but can also be good : / i 'll admit i am only 16 and i only follow politics when its elections or when a vote affects me and my family . 
  so i am not to in tune with the assembly . 
  one problem though - how can all these mp 's in westminster honestly understand what is happening in wales or scotland or northern england ( where the recession is hitting the most ( i think ) ) if they do n't know the people ? 
  do n't you think it 's a bit arrogant ( for any mp ) to agree or disagree on a vote that affects people far from their area ? 
  do you reckon the mp 's for london would be able to clearly and unbiased do the best for the people of the welsh valleys ? 
  no of course not - its a completely different situation , 
  really ? 
  wow . 
  i get the ` god save our gracious queen ' line and the ` god save the queen ' last part  i 'm guessing ` glorious ' is in there aswell but the rest i have n't a clue . 
  and yeah i understand what you 're saying - they should 've lear n't it . 
  but then again , going back a few years in south africa , the springboks did n't learn the new national anthem - should they have lear n't this for apathy ? 
  hell yes . 
  could they be forced to ? 
  nope . 
  : / its just how wales is . 
  there is a general * dislike * of england and god save the queen is a big link with england . 
   ( not saying we do n't like the queen - we love liz  ), 
  well no . 
  but i am getting annoyed with americans going - `` britain ? 
  so what part of england you from ? '', 
  but you got ta understand - on the majority we * are n't * taught the british national anthem , * mae hen wlad fy nhadau * is the main anthem , i 'll be honest i do n't particularly know the british anthem , i 've never needed to  so do n't see it as a refusal but merely honest portrayal of the fact we do n't know it and do n't wish to mess it up by doing it wrong  plus football ? 
  in wales ? 
  kind of a minority buddy  also was it bellamy ? 
  if so please understand this - he 's a twat . 
  tis a shame , taranis needs a wicker to be burnt . 
  the mystic druid from the west ? 
  and grenade launchers ? 
  buddy one of these time on reddit you 've got to back down  your a minority with an opinion that generally disagrees with the majority and will be bombarded by the majority  plus i kinda think you are in the wrong continent , 
  * cough * well hey ... 
  hey just wait until he reaches israel , 
  * cough *, 
  yeah that was the only part of his/her argument i disagreed with , but then again it was probably written in haste and anger  did n't think , 
  o.o mate you seem to be in the wrong continent . 
  i think it is also due to his fucked up start to his tour that has got us pissed off - he came over here , looked around , spoke to a us reporter saying he does n't think the olympics is good enough or that london is up for it then becomes a two faced son of a bitch with that twat cameron and then says to the british media ( something along the lines of ) yeah i 'm happy with the arrangements with the olympics . 
  i 'd have more respect for him if he stuck with his ' i do n't think the olympics security is going to work ' line of reasoning and then suggested and helped out with ways to improve it rather than make an unnecessary and unhelpful comment trying to prove that the winter olympics he did a decade ago is/was/ever shall be better than the london one . 
  do n't get me wrong - i 'd still be pissed off with him - i mean if i went to the us during ( idk us sporting finals o.o ) the world series final ?? 
  and said ` well this is n't good enough . ',
