  aye , the rest he just wanted as the german kingdom ? 
  dude , you ca n't admit that taking france and the uk and greece were n't part of his plan . 
  no , you are completely right . 
  my argument * was * anti-islam . . or at least anti-violenceinthenameofislam . 
  of course it was , i was expressing an opinion on a specific subject due to that specific subject coming up . 
  now its like if i was having a conversation about strawberries ( islam for the non-metaphor following people ) and then someone starts talking about bananas ( christianity ) or oranges ( judaism ) or grapes ( sikhism ) , because they are all * fruit * ( religions ) and one must never be discriminatory by only talking about one fruit , i mean someone might think that that person only views his opinions on strawberries , which of course , would be so bad due to the segregation of the banana or the orange . 
  listen mate , the initial statement was directed at islam for a specific reason , not merely an outpouring of hatred for a single people/religion . 
  i do not dislike islam yet love the other nutjob religions out there , but the situation required an opinion on islam only , if the situation had been different then i would have expressed my opinion in a more general way , however that is n't the situation that we found ourselves in . 
  does this clear things up mate ? 
  because the original post was about islam . 
  if it was about religious violence in general then i would have been non-specific . 
  is that a good enough reason mate ? 
  mate , it was never intended to suggest any religion is better or worse than islam , certainly not christianity . 
  i am de facto atheist by all accounts . 
  i think all religions are equally bad for humanity . 
  i am , however , confused by what part of my inital comment was perceived to be christian supporting , for i can not see it . 
  sir , i never once said that christianity is peaceful , i merely stated that islam is suggested to be one , not that it was the only one . 
  no religion is truly peaceful - there are humans involved ; they fuck everything up . 
  i , however , am a teenager and the suggestion that this cock is making - that as a teenager , having a poetic idea of religion being bigoted , discriminatory and ultimately bad for humanity , makes me * ` edgy ' * which i assume is a bad thing - is ultimately futile and utterly unnecessary , teenagers are capable for coherent thought spessmehren . 
  i hate religion toting anti-peaceful cocks who are stuck in an age which people discriminated against others for not believing in what they believe . 
  i hate people who scream and shout about how if someone is anti religious they 're * racist * it 's pathetic . 
  so ... islam is a peaceful religion ? 
  someone tell that to the believers . 
  i love interpreting things so i can murder people , always a favorite pastime . 
  no , that 's the current un . 
  china , russia etc have equal votes and can veto actions that can * help * situation e.g. 
  they veto it to protect their dictator allies in the middle east and their assets , not for any moral reason . 
  that 's the current un . 
  no , a reformed un would n't be a unanimous vote in my opinion it 'd be a democracy ( most vote is passed ) , however in a previous debate ( either above or below this ) it is suggest that this would n't work . 
  so , i put it to you , a reformed un would be a un that actually acts on the aims of world peace , who actually acts in the face of dictators and oppressors rather than sit idly by while the world burns around them . 
  that 's what a reformed un would be in my eyes . 
  i 'm sorry for not getting back to sooner , i had to do a bit of revision : / anyways , yeah i never mea n't that we were the ultimate society , that we are the best and everyone should follow our system . 
  of course not , our system is extremely flawed - i 'd hate the entire world to be run by these systems and of course you 're right - in 50 years our children and children 's children will look back and be like * what the fuck were you guys thinking * just like we are about the segregation and apartheid . 
  that bit about owning animals , that 's quite a weird out of the way point i 've never thought of before , thanks for saying it - i 'll set up a debate for my next ethics lesson and see what my class thinking about it  now , the idea of differences in culture , of course that exists and of course it is extremely important - it 's what makes us * us * . 
  however , i do reckon there are universal rules/laws etc e.g. 
  ` do not kill ' now that 's pre-biblical no matter who argues for it , and it seemed to be a rule in many different cultures who never met each other , so humans must have an innate moral compass guiding them in rule making ? 
  do you agree ? 
  yeah , i agree with your assessment of syria ( especially about the  protecting it 's interests and allies in the middle east than anything moral . 
  bit ) however , if there was a neutral , well governed organisation - then america would n't be targeted ? 
   yeah i know about the league of nations - they were shite because they did n't have a military to enforce it 's rules and then hitler left in '33 or around then and basically it was bollocks  however the un does have an army , yeah it 's doing a good job - there has n't been a world war . 
  there are n't a load of countries trying to destroy each other - that we can admit . 
  but people killing their own ? 
  civil war ? 
  religious war ? 
  this still goes on . 
  the un could do more if it was n't run by bureaucrats only looking out for their own arses . 
  but you 're right , it would be worse . 
  but it could be better . 
  ... but it is n't working . 
  having entire consensus means that stuff like syria continues to happen . 
  that regimes are still killing people . 
  and why wo n't we go in ? 
  because some member states do n't want to lose their allies ? 
  because they do n't want to pay ? 
  what reasons are there that justify letting people be killed ? 
  and the point you made about slavery - the majority of british people thought it was ok , the majority of the world thought it was ok . 
  but do n't you think that as we 've moved on ... matured ( well sort of ) and globalised , that we now * know * that shit is n't good . 
  that genocide is n't good . 
  that deliberate vilification of a person , a group , a race * is n't * right . 
  and from that , why ca n't we do something about it ? 
  because of some nations who want to live in the past ? 
  where those leading them get the money and do n't want to change ... because you know , equality is bad for the dictators bank account ? 
  exactly , i mean total kick out all those twats and start again . 
  use the basis of being a neutral organisation . 
  do n't have a voting system that needs * every * member to agree to do something , have a democracy . 
  have an military that can be used everywhere , which is n't tied specifically to one nation . 
  and get fucking involved rather than sit by and watch the world burn like the cocks are doing at the moment . 
  yes , i know this is extremely idealistic but fuck it , i can dream . 
  * reformed * un . 
  i think that was the hinge point of my statement to be honest . 
  and not unreasonably , no never . 
  if you can give me evidence that would take away my cynical thoughts then obviously i would n't be so stubborn minded as to say its a lie and carry on in my cynicism . 
  however , until then , yeah i 'm cynical . 
  funnily enough ... nah mate , but i would trust a reformed un over the us any day : /, 
  yeah , true , sorry for the misunderstanding, 
  yeah , i do agree with you there , maybe i am misinterpreting it , i read it as giving money to american for * their * defense . 
  yeah , you know , like education , or the nhs ? 
  nah , lets buy more weapons , 
   us ambassador to nato says europe is relying too heavily on america and must use cash to re-equip their military * their * military ? 
  and how are they going to do that by giving money to american defence ? 
  i feel like i lost a few brain cells whilst reading that shite . 
  aye but with you lot attempting to split from the kingdom ... well they might be necessary , 
  aye , you 're right . 
  however , why the americans ? 
  why ca n't the funding go to sorting out the un and letting it 's armies , it 's entire being do what it was created to do . 
  not just let a single country attempting to create peace by buying more guns ? 
  ah right , thanks , 
  what was the comment mate ? 
  dear god ... and they want this guy to run again ? 
  stupidity at its finest . 
  wait ... 
  i thought he was being convicted of something and had to remain under house arrest ... or did he manage to get out of that as well ? 
  people who are gay can not help but be gay . 
  just because there are catholic homosexuals who are celibate does n't mean they are any less gay ... merely that they are n't getting any . 
  straight people who do n't have sex are n't any less straight - no ? 
  yeah : / only 2 more years of this  anyway , you at uni at the moment ? 
  yeah , i 'll admit i fell asleep sometime during the lessons : /, 
  yeah ... freud and his weird sexual ideas and how we think are n't really good for a 2 hour session : l, 
   yeah i did but i repented by having to do a double psychology lesson today - it . 
  was .
