  `` vote '' ??? 
  now get back in line - and a-1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 and step , step , step !, 
  les metre guestimaids : * if you are of an average to tall build : 1 . 
  hold your left hand against your left shoulder , 2 . 
  stretch your right hand all the way out to the right , 3 . 
  the length between your thumbs is roughly 1 metre ; * or , take 1 `` big guy '' step without releasing your stance . 
  the distance between your feet is roughly 1 metre . 
  * or , standing straight , find an imaginary point between your navel and your privates . 
  the distance to the ground is about 1 metre . 
  * or add the width of the palm of your hand ( without thumb ) to 1 yard . 
  * alternatively , if you feel you are better at estimating amounts : 1 . 
  grab about 1000 ( ca . 
  950 to 1050 ) milimetres , 2 . 
  shove them to a line with a ruler , 3 . 
  your line of milimetres has roughly the length of 1 metre ... * or if you 're more the `` imaginary-visually '' type : 1 . 
  measure off 1 ton of water 2 . 
  spread it on an even surface , forming a nice cube 3 . 
  each of the sides is 1 metre long ( went a bit off-track with the practicability of the examples , but they are still good guestimaids to get a feel of how long a metre is ), 
  as a german , i would even go so far and say that some of the comments here are disregarding that the huge differences in the eu economies are one of the reasons to form the union . 
  ( comparing ireland with the scandinavians ? 
  to complain that a competing neighbour , who we all at some point vowed to help stabilize and to prosper , is actually successfully competing is a bit dumb , but to claim it would benefit everyone else if they would stop competing , is almost downright evil . 
  ( and people here are actually asking for justifications of perfectly legal taxation ideas ! ), 
  why it 's only ideological thinking : an international company that `` leaves '' - say , ireland for tax reasons and finds higher tax rates everywhere else in the eu , will have no real world problems to `` go '' to central america or east asia . 
  they are n't actually moving , they are just paying to operate according to a certain jurisdiction . 
  these commentators are trying to force a neighbourhood shop to stop selling ice cream because it feels too cheap ( `` everyone else would have even more candy , if only and especially just you guys raised the prices/stopped selling '' ) to protect other shops . 
  but if we took 5 minutes to think about it , it 's not asking for a fair piece of the cake - it 's asking the others to stop eating their own piece . 
  and expecting this to actually fees anyone . 
  let 's face it people - taxes in the eu are high , we complain about it , but still ask for even more spending points to be added to the budgets . 
  we do n't need to find others to blame . 
  hahaha !, 
  cheers man !, 
  i thank you for the nice feedback !, 
  all for it !, 
  i love gelderland and brabant !, 
  every few years i go camping and sailing near vlissingen - i made a lot of good friends in zeeland and vlaanderen . 
  we should also share some of the belgian style beer , i can bring bockbier !, 
  yes ... a literal world . 
  man !, 
  that sounds bad . 
  but ... take a look at warsaw in the 1990ies and today , take a trip to moldovia or cyprus , the little towns in portugal , ireland , slovakia , hungary , and many others . 
  i really do n't want to tell you about your situation , just replying it 's not all roses over here either . 
  i feel you !, 
  i always thought the us , eu , au and similar to be our generation 's step towards a united world . 
  today i am sceptical if we are not going way too fast , but i believe it 's the right direction generally . 
  ( if you 're in your worst form now , you 're probably much better at english than most of us here . 
  as an austro-bavarian , i even struggle in my native german sometimes !, 
  i honestly believe that the election and all the controversy around it , is the beginning of a new phase for young people in the usa . 
  would you have voted with a large majority and a short campaign phase , you might never realize where exactly , and to what extend the social divide exists . 
  people got very political during controversial governments , like fdr and nixon ... it might hurt to open a wound , but sometimes it lets out all the foul . 
  and it 's only then when healing starts . 
  if african americans feel opressed , for example , and everybody else gets pc and `` heal the world '' and black history month , and ignores asian americans or hispanics , or natives , or even plain white `` anglo-americans '' and their obvious issues , it might just keep society from accepting where exactly racism exists and when there is a need to act . 
  but if people argue about racism and defend/denounce it openly , a true discussion starts . 
  or rural/urban disparity , or income equality , or chance equality , or how a long-run health system should work , or or or ... 
  argue , do n't agree . 
  that 's when compromise starts . 
  look , all i am saying here , is just my uneducated opinion . 
  i am not a scientist or politician , not even american . 
  just do n't hide in despair , or try to imagine central europe as an ideal w/o taking in account our own or your own circumstances . 
  a bit of confidence and pulling up the sleeves , and a bit of time . 
  you 'll pull through , 
  exactly my point . 
  i would even go farther and say , most europeans are still struggling to arrive at the level of financial and social safety commonly associated with `` the west '' ... 
  i think a good example for this social comeback you describe does exist in america , but there is a twist to it , when comparing it to europe : average us citizens in the 1920s struggled terribly , after the war effort , the return of the gis and the geopolitical changes , brought a big change . 
  the twist : all over europe nations had been battling for decades , with pauses at least a century before ww i , there were few phases of build-up . 
  at least as far as my little regional history knowledge shows . 
  my grandfather for ex . 
  fell in wwii , his father in ww i , his grandfather was maimed somewhere between the german war and the german-french war , and that man was inspired to enlist at 13 because his father had fought in the danish-german war . 
  how is a normal family to prosper in those conditions ? 
  how are the sons supposed to learn a useful trade or profession , which is not military in nature ? 
  that 's about 1 war per generation from 1840-1945 . 
  and that 's just 20 years after napoleon engaged everyone in the first all-comprising modern war all over europe . 
  the need for peace , stability and prosperity runs very deep . 
  the thing i guess you figured out , and that a lot of people rarely think about is that a time of innovation tends to set a standard : cities in southern europe have much faster internet as german or french standards , because the infrastructure is from the 2000s , while we still have copper wire from our then-modern telephone grid from the 1970ies . 
  who is to say that us millenials need to copy politically what mattered to europeans in the 1980ies ? 
  perhaps the infrastructure discussion you are having , the `` small state/large state '' arguments , the civil liberties issues , how to deal with immigration and self identity , city vs. country ... all this which got people so upset last year needs to be the marker for the usa of 2050 . 
  you do n't need to become 1990ies stockholm or todays london . 
  i just feel you 're runing it with two things : the `` all is gone '' mentality , and the extreme bipartisanship . 
  eventually it 's your ( our generation 's ) task to make america great again . 
  but you will , i 'm sure . 
  do n't put yourselves down so much all the time . 
  yes they really do , do n't they . 
  i believe the real `` poverty gap '' is extremer today . 
  in only a few hours , you can almost travel between decades , if not centuries , here in central europe . 
  sometimes inside the same country , between urban and rural places ... to answer , i grew up in the 1980ies in post-revolution/pre-eu portugal , and now live in bavaria , between southern germany and upper austria . 
  sometimes it really feels like i grew up in the 1960ies , and got thrown through the 1990ies to the 21st century . 
  when i visit eastern europe , especially the south , i really feel i can relate to people in the generation that grew up after the warsaw pact . 
  i was going to answer with a snotty `` well you should feel sorry '' , because of the steretype of the constantly stuck up euro guy . 
  we europeans also watch family guy and the likes , and we kind of know , that that is also , how we are perceived . 
  but i feel that you shared a genuine feeling of frustration , and you are obviously interested in political alternatives , you show interest in what is happening in other places - you deserve a build-up , not a lulzy `` no , we are actually 12 years away from being 100 % as a country dork '' ... 
  so look man - what most of my generation in the eu is forgetting , so we obviously never communicate it clearly enough for americans and other foreigners , is that europe is still benefiting from the intense political angst in the 1970ies and 1980ies , a lot of the policies we are reaping the fruits of were fought hard against in the kohl/mitterand/thatcher times - when you guys had reagan . 
  but over here the cold war and the respective conservativism had a very large social backlash , because europe is a much more crowded place with much less natural ressources , and basically divided by the iron curtain just waiting for the big battle to end us all . 
  the west had left-wing terrorism amd right-wing extremism happening , the east saw the political and cultural end of old nations . 
  so the pan european ideal , the dream of our nations living free again ( but this time in prosperous peace , cooperatively ) with a healthy and functioning natural environment came at incredible cost . 
  we 're not the smart good guys , who just simply always make things better - we 're the children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren of the people who ruined everything , lost everything , ended everything and were forced to find a new way . 
  you guys are the grandkids of the heros who did n't necessarily had to overthink their course ... 
  does this make sense to you ? 
  the fact that so many young people in the us are starting to position themselves politically , are going to tge streets , and argueing about basic concepts of american society is proof that big things ( and good things , i am sure ! ), 
  are developing : no one renovates and modernizes the house when everything is great . 
  cheer up dude . 
  i believe in you guys .
