  privatization does n't lead to optimal connectivity as everything is geared towards profits . 
  how does that matter ? 
  discrimination is discrimination - in one place it is nationality , in the other it is gender . 
  ooops !, 
  i 'm an idiot - it is indeed available in the table . 
  it will now be interesting to see comparison of distributions across different variables like economy etc. 
  amongst these categories . 
  dutch/western vs turkish etc. 
  oh no , not 2nd generation westerners but 1st generation ones ? 
  basically , i want to ask how different is the median ( not mean ) of 2nd gen other societies to natives . 
  of course , it would be interesting to know why too . 
  yup , i do know that . 
  i also know that in turkish , india is referred to as hindistan . 
  there 's a really funny til about the bird turkey ;-) https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/5g12hs/til_the_bird_americans_call_a_turkey_is_called_an/daoojit/, 
  interesting  1st gen migrants have far lower crime rates than 2nd gen migrants for non-eu groups ( except east asia ) . 
  look at the explosive growth for moroccans and turks in particular from 1st gen to 2nd gen. how does the 2nd generation crime rate compare to the local population ? 
  curious - it seems you are a turk but with `` hindi '' ( a popular language in india ) as the flair . 
  what 's the story ? 
  all thanks to the open door policy by merkel / s, 
  the point i 'm trying to make was - every multicultural society has some people to blame at . 
  it is mexico in the usa , turks in germany ( until now ) , uk has the poles , india has bangladesh and switzerland has rest of the world . 
  the issue with these people are the extremes is that they just want someone to hate and oppress . 
  before the refugee crisis , it was the eastern europeans . 
  now , they 've simple found a new `` target '' . 
   it should be to serve german ( and european through eu ) interests that 's true . 
  currently , that 's what they think they 're doing . 
  the use of people feeling from war to fill in manual labor which has seen a decline due to ageing being population . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
   while the netherlands receives ( or received ) a major amount of polish seasonal workers , there were never any real problems besides some bar fights and perhaps a dui arrest . 
  how is uk doing with the polish people ? 
   the same with asian or african countries , except the northern ones , there is no real ideological or cultural head-on collision because they either change their values through integration or do n't have any real opposite values . 
  most of the latest crimes in germany could be traced back to north africans . 
  that 's not fake news and cnn should not be banned . 
  i never asked for fake news websites to be banned just in case . 
  i merely gave the definition of fake news . 
  a lie , is not fake news . 
  this is not fake news , here someone misinterpreted something to propagate a narrative . 
  fake news is something that did not happen . 
  that 's alright but fake news is not sensationalized news . 
  there 's a clear cut demarcation between the two . 
   that 's your personal understanding of the term and not necessarily what german politicians think it is . 
  that 's the academic , scientific community understanding of the term - not mine :-), 
   i do n't know but this probably depends on how you define fake news . 
  fake news is not misleading or exaggerated news . 
  fake news are stories that are completely made up . 
  the definition is quite clear . 
   it will only get worse with the coming wave of automation affecting both blue and white collar jobs counter intuitively , automation creates more jobs than it destroys . 
  it creates new types of jobs . 
  i would like to believe the facts :-), 
  i see you have no sources to your original claim . 
   if you 're interested in educating yourself , look up the figures . 
  if you 're only interested in pseudo-intellectual games , bye . 
  if you 're interested in making a point , post the source to the figures . 
  if you 're only interested in pseudo-intellectual internet comments , bye . 
  it 's an adapted idiom to the internet and reddit . 
  barking up the wrong tree -  braking down the wrong comment . 
  if you ca n't see that , you should visit an english course . 
  they do some good ones here in germany and in berlin . 
  i can find one for you . 
  pot calling the kettle black ? 
  another idiom btw , in case your brain is incapable of processing it . 
  it 's an idiom in english - [ barking up the wrong tree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barking_up_the_wrong_tree ), 
  i did n't make the claim about social care tourism . 
  so , if you have an issue with that - you are barking down the wrong comment . 
   google is your friend if you 're seeking more , do n't be lazy . 
  i 'm not the one who made the claim of handout seeking poor across eu - so i thought you 'd know details across eu ( not just belgium ) . 
   are you under the impression that the commission is going to put this much effort into a non-issue ? 
  are you telling me that every effort the commission puts into is a big issue ? 
  i asked a completely different question . 
  i asked a simple question of how many people are these `` poor '' who shop around schengen for government handouts . 
  further questions are , who are these ? 
  how much money is spent on them ? 
  i completely get that but i really want to understand the part of  those who move around within schengen shopping for government handouts . 
  what/how grave is this situation ? 
  who takes it etc. 
  they have recently * turned * . 
  this [ nytimes article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/22/world/europe/how-the-saudis-turned-kosovo-into-fertile-ground-for-isis.html?hpw&amp;rref=world&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;module=well-region&amp;region=bottom-well&amp;wt.nav=bottom-well ) explains how . 
   yes , the poor . 
  those who move around within schengen shopping for government handouts . 
  how many people do so ? 
  you make the claim , your responsibility to share the source . 
   besides the government has repeatedly admitted that they 've totally lost control source ? 
   merkel let ** 2 millions of migrants ** from middle east come here source for 2m of migrants ? 
   merkel did not implement anything like an open door policy . 
  ...  i mean anybody who can look up the facts could see for themselves , but people rather want a spoon-fed narrative than complicated , boring , fact based information . 
  i just ca n't understand where people get that there was an `` open door '' policy . 
   is granted asylum in germany ? 
  source for the part that he was granted asylum ? 
  exactly . 
  it does sound a little bit over the top . 
  it was n't as if they were spreading nazi ideology or something . 
   chinese tourists make american tourists look like the most cultured and polite bunch imaginable since i do n't come across as many american tourists , what do americans do exactly ? 
  india has a weird fascination with hitler . 
  for example , one colloquial usage is where the word hitler is an adjective for being strict or a disciplinarian . 
  students call teachers with strong disciplinary tenancies as hitler too . 
  in addition , the indian community has a weird obsession with dictatorship as they feel it can solve the society 's problems . 
   this is a structural issue . 
  by structural , you mean having access to social benefits ? 
  well , if you do not have a appropriate population distribution - you ca n't have a healthy social benefits structure . 
  it does count at the kit kat clubs .
