   because we do n't randomly ban ~ ~ the fucking foundational scripture of a world religion . ~ ~ ftfy we just do not randomly ban things . 
  it 's just as simple - i 'm not sure why people ca n't get it about these bans . 
  everyone wants their kind of ban . 
  another point to note - he wants the netherlands to leave the eu and abolish deductibles for health insurance . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are better ways to do this . 
  marriage and kids are a personal choice . 
  why should tax laws be dependent on personal choices ? 
  i 'm pretty surprised that tax laws are based on what people do in their bedrooms . 
  finally some sense coming out of france . 
  to a large extent , i think this was just a way to start the election agenda . 
  that 's exactly what i said . 
  there are many aspects of citizenship where one of them is the right to enfranchisement . 
  if that right creates a problem , you do n't throw the baby out with the water . 
  you fix that aspect . 
  therefore , voting rights have to be decoupled with citizenship . 
  you are just confusing many concepts here . 
   german law actually does demand a certain commitment to our democratic order and the freedoms that come with it . 
  yeah but when you are in germany . 
  if you are a german citizen in palestine , you follow the laws in palestine . 
  it is just as simple as that . 
  you can be a german citizen following the laws of france in france or a french citizen following the laws of germany in germany . 
  just because you live in france , it does not make you in odds with your german citizenship . 
  i 'm surprised most people ca n't get this at all . 
   if somebody agrees to the rules of living in north korea or saudi arabia , they can not also agree with the values of the german constitution i can live with the rules of germany in german , north korea in north korea and usa in usa . 
  i mean like why ? 
  if you are so convinced with akp , go there and live no ? 
  i think the concept of citizenship itself needs to be rethought over . 
  there are people who are genuinely part of two countries but voting rights should be decided based on residency . 
  i would say - it highlights the problem of citizenship , 
   millions of them come here and vote for akp ( while voting for the greens and leftists in germany . 
   i really can not understand this logic . 
   yet , turkey has a program where you can invoke your passport , and have something called `` blue card '' which simply gives you all the rights of a citizen except the voting rights . 
  eu also has a `` blue card '' program . 
   old people ( and adults over 40 ) vote more and , as the west has a aging population , they hold the majority of votes . 
  same here in germany too . 
  the old just ruin it sometimes . 
   `` showing your face is an act of communication , '' de maiziere said . 
  henkel said he wants `` our country to be recognizable . '', 
  an outright ban on the islamic facial veil is not called for in their paper , despite it having been discussed by some of their cdu colleagues . 
  `` we are against the burqa , '' the interior minister said , ** but it should only be banned `` where it 's necessary that the face be visible ** . '', 
  this is how it should be and a great sweet spot . 
  in fact , religious tokens should be highly discouraged in certain places too - cross , turban or the burqa - does n't matter . 
   i can not imagine living in turkey or an arab country as a gay or lgbt person . 
  there are homophobes everywhere but from my experience it is sooo much worse among turks and arabs . 
  in turkey , it is fine in the big cities like istanbul or izmir . 
  beyond that , it is quite difficult . 
   compare this to the german system , where you need to input nuclear launch codes just to transfer from one internal account to another . 
  lol !, 
  precisely , i understand security but it does n't mean usability should suffer . 
  typically , i 've seen germany does n't understand simplicity - in general . 
   well , their website works well and they do n't charge any fees . 
  i suspect they do n't have a non german interface ? 
   you get the same thing with a visa card that lets you take out money anywhere in europe . 
  number26 lets you withdraw money from anywhere in the world with market exchange rates . 
  also , the transactions appear instantly on your mobile app . 
   maybe i 'll take a closer look but do n't have a big reason to switch now that i am completely on ing . 
  it 's not about switching - you can open a bank account for free in 8 minutes while you 're at home . 
  well , you can always number26 as a backup . 
  since it is a german bank - they 're insured by german law for 100,000 $ . 
  their bank has also been in function for like 11 years now . 
  how 's ing diba and what are the benefits ? 
   all girocards ( it 's not called ec-card anymore ) are debit cards . 
  i have sparkasse ec card ( giro card ) and it does n't work as a debit card online . 
   you need to pay an additional fee to activate the pin . 
  in my case , this pin that they gave can only be used for withdrawal of money from atms . 
  i do n't even ... 
  i 'm ditching all this for a [ number26 account ] ( https://number26.eu ) . 
  an ec card also does n't work as a debit card online . 
  i 'm surprised people keep on saying that ec card is also a debit card . 
   this will change on the 9th of june , 2016 when the eu regulation 2015/751 , article 8.6 comes into effect and terminals inside germany have to ask you whether you want to pay using girocard or maestro . 
  a lot of places in germany say only ec card . 
  what about such places ? 
  the sparkesse credit cards in germany are the real thing . 
  first , they do n't have 2 factor authentication . 
  so , you 've got to sign when you make purchases . 
  then , they also need you to sign at the back of the card . 
  now , if your credit card is stolen - the thief has your signature as well as physical access to the card . 
  if your card gets stolen during non working hours of sparkasse , the credit card thief is going to have some fun with it . 
  idiots !, 
   we had a good summary with collection of sources on the issue here [ 1 ] , including full translation of merkel 's speech and answers to press questions , if you want to see for yourself . 
  thanks a ton !, 
   there was a vote in the council for refugee distribution , it passed 20-4 ( so super overwhelming majority in favor of the plan ) thank you !, 
  is there a source for this ? 
   people should be free to chose what medical procedures are performed on their or their childrens body and we should n't really cross that line . 
  in that case , the parents should also be held legally responsible if the lack of vaccinations cause harm to the children . 
  and then , those smaller companies will eventually stop accepting such contracts . 
   read the fucking article . 
  it 's easier to just do the regular drivel on refugees rather than read . 
  the media in the us is very local , like the world does not exist . 
   it 's about getting the lowest price for the government and the consumer at the end of the day . 
  yes and how is privatization cheaper than nationalization exactly ? 
  private operations shut down routes on places which are n't profitable . 
  it 's hardly a solution . 
  the first aim of railways is connectivity throughout the country . 
  the competition you see is only on routes which have profits ; the other ones are ignored . 
  the connectivity of railways has got nothing to do with its `` popularity '' . 
  what has number of passengers got to do being a monopoly ? 
  they are . 
  roads are n't like railway tracks . 
  railways are natural monopolies .
