  this is a fact across many aspects in life . 
  note - i am not saying that countries should be forced to stay together . 
  all i 'm saying is smaller does not automatically mean better . 
  you do n't get logic either . 
   how are rights not a fiction ? 
  what are they but a creation of a mind ? 
  you , me and even reddit are also creation of the mind . 
   the wants of these people are irrelevant . 
  they are not . 
   turkey has power over these people . 
  does not mean you zip up and stop criticism of turkey . 
  that response for because you failed to get the point . 
  turkish people should be allowed to enter germany by germany 's discretion . 
  however , if a turk wants to leave - germany would be wrong to hold that turk behind to contribute even if the turk would have lived on social benefits . 
  living on social benefits , is not illegal . 
  you do not own a person because s/he lives on aid . 
   personally , i think if you ca n't prove you 're living in a house ( or renting it out ) for a reasonable minimum amount of months , you should either pay a large tax or be forbidden from owning the home . 
  we can talk about what the consequences are but there should be consequences , regardless . 
  real estate is a limited resource . 
  rights are not fiction - they are real . 
  power is indeed everything but it does not mean you do not call a spade a spade . 
  turkey has no business stopping the refugees to leave turkey . 
  phew !, 
  here , they have a visa . 
  the attitude by some of the posters here is appalling . 
  apparently , just because one is giving aid - they 'd be your slaves for life . 
   the smaller the state , the more cohesive it is , the better democracy works . 
  i would need some sources on this . 
  smaller could also mean less bargaining chips for international trade . 
  i do n't understand the problem here . 
  is your point that turkey is taking in more refugees from syria and hoarding them instead of not allowing to the eu ? 
  if so , do n't allow them in turkey - that turkey 's discretion and right . 
  once you do - do n't stop them , they are not your slaves . 
   i suspect the ability for germany to absorb a cheap migrant workforce of low skill labour ... ** it just no longer exists ** and politicians have had that reality brought home to them . 
  it does , may be not on the scale as before but it does . 
  what kind of logic is this ? 
  just because you give them aid , does not mean - they are your slaves . 
  they should be free to go where they want to . 
  that is their humanitarian right . 
  indeed , who are you to make a decision for them ? 
  the usa wants to accept them , the refugees want to go . 
  who is turkey to stop them ? 
  by your logic , turkish people should not be allowed to go to europe ( specially germany ) and feed on social benefits . 
  who are you to make a decision for them ? 
   these people are needed to rebuild syria . 
  from turkey ? 
  no , he might have bought a volkswagen . 
  / r/europe or germany ? 
   seems to me the state has had access to more and more funds from year to year but somehow i see the same ol' country i have lived in for 30 years . 
  thanks to the typical besserwisser attitude . 
   the point is that `` democracy '' on human rights and individual rights leads to the tyranny of the majority . 
  i ca n't believe that something as simple as this has to be explicitly detailed in this day and age . 
   germans love their conservative and traditional values . 
  this is everywhere , waldorf schools , gmo fears , general technological scepticism and also the traditional family , hierarchic family business , local small communities and social change at snail pace etc. 
  thank you for mentioning this . 
  i am not sure how / r/germany would take too this though . 
   handicapped people should also remove their oxygen tanks and people with glass eyes should take them out . 
  no exceptions ever !, 
  til being handicapped is a belief . 
   it is n't about indentification , it comes down to religious discrimination . 
  exactly - religion is not a special snowflake , there should be no special considerations . 
  now , it 's time for germany to do away with the church tax . 
  but everything is fine - ok ? 
  we get overpriced internet , sh1t services - we know what we are doing . 
  do n't you are tell us anything is wrong in germany . 
  everything is fine . 
  is there a way to get that data ? 
  the german telecom sector is horrible ruled by monopolies and protectionism policies . 
  i 'm the same like you . 
  do you know this 0.5 m number is for asylum seekers over 40 years ? 
   when / r/europe [ 2 ] denies these facts again in two weeks could you state the fact that you claim / r/europe denies ? 
   note that these asylum seekers are not the recent ones , many of whom reached germany last year , most of the asylum seekers mentioned in this article have been in germany for six years or more . 
  basically , 0.5 m people over 40 years or so . 
   the poll found that older muslims generally display more moderate attitudes . 
  i was told here that people do not integrate even if they live for a longer period of time . 
   it 's still worrying if 30 % of muslims consider fucking sharia law it depends on what they think sharia law is . 
   yeah , sorry to dissapoint , but that might be kind of a shitty definition for democracy then . 
  democracy does not mean majority . 
  democracy means majority decides amongst reasonable choices . 
   the overlap between the far left and far right always surprised me . 
  read [ horse shoe theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory ), 
  the implementation may not be the best but the objectives are spot on . 
  the aim of airbnb is to rent out their spare rooms , not entire apartments . 
  the rental of entire apartments would be akin to a hotel and you need to register , pay different taxes etc. 
  basically , under the new law - you are required to obtain a short term permit if you rent out more than 50 % of your apartment . 
  here is the website setup to [ give anonymous tips ] ( http://www.stadtentwicklung.berlin.de/wohnen/zweckentfremdung_wohnraum/ ) . 
  most people have said that voting to leave the eu for the reasons the uk wants to leave the eu would not make any effect . 
  it would just make things complex . 
   the point is that far right wingers hate the eu and muslims the far right just want someone to hate and oppress . 
  it is muslims today , tomorrow it will be east europeans , day after someone else . 
   but he also had breivik stuff in his room imagine the reaction if he was reading some nytimes article on isil . 
  he turned a complex policy discussion into a simple yes/no one which people who voted had no idea what exactly they were voting for . 
  he knew it , and yet - he went ahead with it to settle the debate in his party . 
  ffs !, 
   why do you keep repeating other countries are favoured by indians for immigration ? 
  it is because that is why someone emigrates . 
  indians do n't come to france to visit the eiffel tower . 
  they come to have economic incentives . 
  the economic incentives to come to france are way lower than germany , netherlands and switzerland in europe and exceed in the middle east for all the reasons i mentioned above . 
  are there are indians who come to france for cheap labor ?
