  it gives someone an unfair advantage . 
  there should be no situation where anyone is an unfair advantage just because of something their ancestors did . 
  the level of unfairness would determine the type of intervention . 
  it does not impact if there should be an intervention . 
  you are once again confusing the how 's . 
   and i do n't see that happening in the private sector it does , you just need to read more . 
  a concentration of wealth , leads to concentration of power . 
  two nobel prize winning economists - robert solow and paul krugman - have detailed analysis on this which a reddit comment can not detail . 
  i would suggest you to take a step back and read a bit . 
   are there any europeans left who honestly believe that multiculturalism can work ? 
  it may or may not work but you can not have it both ways . 
  if you do not want multiculturalism , we need to create a sustainable environment . 
   and instead of making sure that some start at 25m and others get the chance to start at the 50m line you plan to tax everyone back to 0 ? 
  because the reason someone started ahead is not because that person worked hard . 
  it can be argued what should be done with the tax and what threshold the tax should be at . 
  however , there should be some intervention for inheritance because it gives you an unfair advantage . 
  by that extension , it would take another 10 years to see the `` real effects '' - so we will see then . 
  you miss the fact that someone who already starts 100m ahead of the start line has a very high advantage . 
  i never said it is ok . 
  i said that they 'd lose business . 
  the point being missed is that if you do n't pay bribes you 'd lose the business . 
   i think there 's a culture in germany where corruption is a totally ok method of growing your business as long as you 're not corrupting and bribing people in germany itself . 
  you are completely ignoring the angle where people outside germany are corruptible . 
  therefore , they take advantage of it or else they 'd lose business . 
  could you name a comparative scenario where germany and france are given special treatment over others ? 
   it simply does n't factor in that it now costs a lot more to keep us all safe and that the social fabric in europe is vastly different now than 40 years ago . 
  i do n't think anyone is ignoring the costs . 
  i mean as much as his earlier statement was stupid - he has a point . 
  the comment ( at least to me ) , seemed like terrorist attacks on european soil . 
   you need to get some reading ~ ~ comprehension ~ ~ . 
  ftfy it is just reading , not even reading comprehension . 
   in response to that , mercedes pulled the video ad the video ad still exists . 
   a system called autopilot which , as discussed elsewhere in the thread , does not do what it is supposed to do according to a dictionary . 
  the name of the feature does not have to follow the definition in the dictionary . 
  you do n't expect apples when you buy apple products or windows when you buy an operating system from windows . 
  and since we are so much into pedagogy , the definition of autopilot is  a device for keeping an aircraft on a set course without the intervention of the pilot . 
  most certainly , tesla is not an aircraft . 
  this is simply being pedantic on a very high level which is not too difficult to imagine being in germany . 
   this is a completely valid and legal advertisement . 
  so is tesla 's . 
  here - the official mercedes benz channel . 
  https://www.mercedes-benz.com/en/mercedes-benz/innovation/the-new-e-class-on-the-road-to-autonomous-driving-video/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thg8mnuk1sg, 
   no , people are infringing on mercedes copyright after illegally uploading its intellectual property . 
  lol !, 
  what are you on about ? 
  it is on the mercedes website , itself . 
  i guess you are one of those germans who are like * besserwisser * . 
  pay money for it . 
  the ad is on youtube and accessible in germany . 
  so , it has released this ad in germany . 
  people want to have their cake and eat it too . 
   the drive 's alex roy recently did a complete comparison of both systems with a clear winner , tesla 's autopilot . 
  he even wrote that ** mercedes ' drive pilot is dangerous in most conditions ** and that he does n't even `` understand how mercedes-benz could release this to the public . '' i 'm pretty sure the german government will conduct an inquiry into mercedes too . 
   nice bit of protectionism there this has been germany 's automobile lobby 's `` answer '' to tesla . 
  all this while they sat on their fat asses milking money with false advertisements . 
  now , tesla has ran away in the innovation market and these guys do n't have a vehicle that matches them . 
  the ranges are no where close to tesla . 
  with the model 3 , these fat corp cats are going to spiral out of control . 
  tesla is in a different league from nissan leaf . 
  no other ev at the moment comes even close to a tesla . 
  yup , sure . 
  german cars best !, 
   bmw and vw already sell full evs . 
  these evs are for namesake and are nowhere near industry standards . 
  the german auto lobby is heavily trying to block tesla . 
  such news are always a great test for people 's biases . 
  particularly , for folks who draw their arguments from the final conclusion . 
   my guesstimate is they will bolster levels of security clearance just in the areas which could detrimental to negotiations and positions they will take during talks , profiling on basis of nationality/citizenship , is not permitted by law . 
   but its not some wholesale ban like its been made out to be . 
  lse claims to be so . 
  ok . what has immigration got to do with population being dwindled ? 
  [ yeah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reductio_ad_absurdum ), 
  what has pax romana got to do with peace in europe in 2016 ? 
  oh god , i know that correlation does not imply causation . 
  but , in this case - there is a very good indicator it is . 
  40 % speak german as the 1st language . 
  why are the rest 60 % not speaking german ? 
  immigrants come in , sure . 
  but why do they not learn german ? 
  did you hear about miyakazi ? 
   in my city native people are the minority in the schools right now ( only 40 % speak german as first language ) why do you think that is so ? 
  he had problems with cultural integration , i guess . 
   it 's because that common currency offers no respite for countries in trouble the common currency allows respite just not in the way greece wants . 
  actions have consequences . 
  there is such a high correlation that it would be difficult to ignore the * coincidence * . 
  hungary, 
   to be fair , the eu has 28 vat systems . 
  no , eu has one vat system . 
  the exact rate changes to allow respective countries more control but the vat system is just one . 
  and this is precisely the reason by a simple yes/no referendum was moronic . 
  tricked ? 
  people very well knew what they were getting . 
  the government in poland is filled with bigots . 
  it is a bad thing because turkey is treating them as slaves . 
  it is not turkey 's job to decide how a refugee will live the rest of his life . 
  it is his/her choice . 
   it 's pure logic . 
  it 's also pure logic that smaller states could also mean difficulty in trade and volatility . 
  cohesion is no the only thing that matters . 
  coupling matters too .
