piss off you bugger !, 
  eli5 : why will it become less attractive ? 
   ere you have to pay 30 euros a month to have your internet delivered by a tortoise with a modem on it 's back . 
  lol !, 
  i try telling this to germans but they can not accept it . 
  proof of what `` let the market decide '' means . 
  i can agree to that , 
  interesting perspective !, 
  i 'd have no issues with it , too . 
  oh , so basically a religious outfit is fine as long as it does not cover the body ? 
  and this is how the leech system works here in germany with many industries . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the lawyer may her done something illegal but thanks to ignorance and/or the use of language as a tool to perpetrate bs , these things persist . 
  and most likely , the way they obtained information is illegal . 
  in any case , now the eu court has even messed up this practice . 
  also , like most other things most germans seem to be fine with this and i 've even seen people argue for it . 
  nuts !, 
  and this is the reason speculative invoicing is n't there in finland ? 
  the thing is german law around this particular aspect ( like most ) is bureaucratic . 
  they have n't changed from the 18th century and they wo n't until they 're given a kick up their behind . 
  no , i 'm not thinking about mitm . 
   this is talking about the provider of service that you asked to talk about , do they have the right to keep record who talked to them . 
  yeah and the thing is they need a reason to get these ip addresses . 
  how does a copyright holder know which ip address to get ? 
  see , where this is going ? 
  the ip address collection was illegal , anyways . 
  but , practical implications are limited because most people do not want to pursue this in court and would rather ( a ) pay the fine or ( b ) hire a lawyer to write a rebuttal . 
  thank goodness that they systematically recognized the problem and now are proceeding to fix it . 
  sometimes it 's funny how people do not reject fundamentalism - they just want their version of fundamentalism . 
   much more people in germany have been killed in the last decades by far right extremists than islamists . 
  the far right is n't vilified as the threat is underestimated . 
   end of the day , most people here only argue with feelings . 
  it 's funny how most people are * comfortable * with home terrorists than foreign ones . 
  the impact of 1 terrorist can be huge and therefore the fear . 
  the size of the groups does not matter . 
  if a terrorist exists , s/he exists . 
  the last time i checked - it was like 30 euros . 
  in germany , [ this was changed ] ( http://www.firstwordpharma.com/node/1269279?tsid=17 ) just one year ago after eu approved it in january 2015 . 
  it is n't covered by insurance if you are above 20 years old . 
  earlier , it led to situations where doctors with religious beliefs refused a prescription and also sometimes refused to abort . 
   the only long term solution is the australian solution where people are detained until they are willing to return to their country of origin . 
  then , you will complain about the horror and human rights . 
  basically , there is no way to win this battle . 
  i do n't think you got the point . 
  it is not so much about the refugee crisis but about the phrase `` cultural integration '' . 
  has anyone been to these workshops ? 
  this is a problem of cultural integration due to the ... oh wait !, 
  the worst i find is how some of the idiots want it both ways . 
  there have been people here who want people from india/china to come here and work in manual labor because it helps them keep their society working . 
  basically , everything here is of personal interest . 
  yup , in the eu parliament ... that too :d, 
   but economics is still guessing randomly for the most part . 
  no , they are better than  so long story short , perhaps a wealth tax is the best thing since sliced bread but we can not know for sure and until we do it is yet again encroaching on the freedom of the individual for some political bs and i have had just about enough of that in this country . 
  you still do n't get it . 
  having an unfair advantage is an problem - how can be debated , that it should there be one should not . 
   in a sense we will always argue over this because we will never be able to compare the consequences of voting leave with the consequences of voting remain . 
  there is no control for this experiment . 
  the issue here is that - are we looking to get the perfect right answer or are we just looking to get an approximation ? 
  if it is the latter , a past versus future comparisons makes complete sense . 
  are there other things that may have changed ? 
  sure . 
  but , there are some microcosm shifts and those should be pretty easily quantifiable with simple experiments . 
  are they perfect ? 
  are they better than random guesses ? 
  yes . 
  it is great there are some concrete initiatives in this direction . 
  i would be glad to use an ev but i do n't use one because it is impractical to have one in a city apartment without a garage . 
   so people who worked hard their whole life and maybe owned a small company at some point and hence earned money which they want to leave their children should have this taken away from them upon death ? 
  at no point did i say , should be taken away . 
  once again , the fact that there should be an intervention is not in question . 
  we can argue how but there should be one . 
  may be , i am one , 
  once again , just because it can not be done does not mean one should n't try . 
   how else should someone just have 100m ? 
  there are various factors that do . 
  take for example steve jobs - he inherited very little wealth but when he died was very rich . 
  there are umpteen such examples . 
   i also do n't see how someone else having it easier diminishes my chances in live . 
  this is because you are thinking it very narrowly in an if-else scenario . 
  you need to read more here . 
  may i suggest thomas pikkety ? 
  a concentration of wealth , is a concentration of power . 
  think of it a bit like conflict of interest . 
  what is coi ? 
  coi means that you are in a position to influence your interest . 
  it does not matter whether you do influence . 
  the point is you should not be in a position to influence at all . 
  it is pretty much the same with wealth . 
  you should not be in a position to use your wealth because of something your parents did . 
  i do n't think you are reading what i said . 
  i said , there should be an intervention . 
  we can have an entirely different discussion on how this intervention should be . 
  there should be no doubt on whether there should be one . 
   so you think the state should seize all assets of a person when that person dies ? 
  that parents should be disallowed to give money to their kids ? 
  also , this is just ridiculous and reducti ad absurdum . 
   and someone who had 100m to boot probably was born into a rich family . 
  not necessarily . 
   i do n't see why it should be bad if they can preservae and pass down that wealth . 
  again , the point was it is an unfair advantage . 
   and what impact does that have on your chances of success ?
