why would nazis bother with letters ? 
  if they wanted to send a message , they 'd probably just torch the place . 
  this smells of a false flag . 
  an easy counterpoint is that back in the 30 's , islamist extremism was n't much of a thing . 
  if it was and it targeted germany at the time , the nsdap would have had very different opinions on the subject . 
  well , american trump has zero chill , and this guy does . 
  seems like an improvement !, 
  in the last two years of the war he was on methamphetamine , as was much of the rest of the german high command . 
  the negative effects of it were n't fully understood at the time . 
  he definitely did n't smoke , and after he rose to power he drank alcohol very rarely according to everyone who knew him . 
  that said , donald trump also supports universal healthcare , or at least healthcare more universal than the current series of fuck-ups . 
  arguably ? 
  there is no question that it makes it worse . 
  it is a poison being forced upon the vulnerable minds of young students . 
  yes . 
  legal immigrants , the vast majority of whom hold beliefs that are compatible with american culture . 
  i do n't complain about all the polish and russian immigrants in my own town , because they integrate very well . 
  that 's the thing about international law . 
  nobody gives a damn about it unless it 's convenient for their political or economic agenda . 
  when pushed or broken by a country with significant leverage , international law is meaningless . 
  international law is to law what `` professional '' wrestling like wwe is to wrestling . 
  the journalist 's wording was accurate . 
  no need for the / s , we just need to find a guillotine ... 
  well , there were no injuries reported and only about three arrests . 
  make of that what you will . 
  what a dick . 
  for the largest diving expedition ever . 
  seems like most of our hockey players are finnish and canadian anyway . 
  neither does the us , even though we imported everyone else 's heritage . 
  i guess that does n't count ? 
  the west is very good at corruption . 
  it is hidden just far enough out of sight that the average person on the street does n't notice it unless they take the time to look , and the vast majority do not . 
  lack of a coherent argument ? 
  ... wait a minute , you 're telling me that * state media * is making an honest attempt to be fair and balanced ? 
  what is this madness ? 
  perhaps they should have been . 
  good propaganda is merely the truth presented in a way that the public can understand . 
  i do n't think they 'd get along very well with the moose and bears . 
  if they can survive that without help , then they deserve to stay . 
  i would n't say absolutely useless , with the force of a longbow behind it it 'd probably leave a bruise , and joints and other thin areas could probably be penetrated with a lucky shot . 
  certainly not reliably incapacitating , though . 
  while arrows could pierce chainmail by itself , well-made chain worn over heavy cloth padding was proof against short bows at medium to long range . 
  there are accounts from the crusades of mail-clad knights coming out of battle looking like pincushions , but mostly unharmed . 
  yes , it is indisputable that crossbows are far more complex than longbows , and also far easier to use . 
  pretty much . 
  yes , the english longbowmen were excellent foot archers , but that 's all they were . 
  foot archers , not gods . 
  medieval plate armor was of vastly higher quality than roman armor . 
  yes , in the sense of giving an archer somewhat more than a snowball 's chance in hell of piercing plate at short range . 
  they probably used cdc data , which is known to be inflated . 
  going by the number of guns , it 's extremely rare . 
  even if you did n't deviate , if someone said you did you would still be sent to the gulag . 
  the us 's homicide rate was ~ 3.8 last year , according to the fbi . 
  no , but parts of it are comparable . 
  yeah , germany in particular deserves its sovereignty back . 
  yeah , it 'd probably be closer in capabilities to a nimitz-class , and those only cost $ 4.5 billion . 
  the old nimitz-class cost about 4.5 billion each and are still perfectly serviceable . 
  the first one is so broadly defined that it 's useless . 
  for example , the vast majority of americans believe in equal rights for men and women , but only 20 % consider themselves to be feminist . 
  true , but foreign policy primarily falls into the hands of the executive branch . 
  germany had no defensive agreement with ukraine . 
  piss off . 
  that 's what tear gas is for . 
  as an american who visited london , i was n't impressed . 
  the air pollution was terrible compared to chicago , for one thing . 
  no , let 's make it a space race . 
  it 's beneficial for everyone involved . 
  a large portion of our military budget is used to protect europe . 
  if we cut our military budget , yours will have to increase dramatically , and some of that money will have to come out of social benefits . 
  open borders is a leftist idea . 
  crying `` stormfront ! '', 
  already ? 
  are you 14 ? 
  merkel has been supporting far-left policy . 
  true , although national socialism has nothing to do with marxist socialism . 
  wikipedia is shit and will always be shit , especially when it comes to subjects requiring any degree of nuance . 
  this is to be expected . 
  hitler was n't even a fascist . 
  there are distinct differences between national socialism and fascism . 
  help is already set up , the article is just refusing to mention it . 
  no , the best kind of propaganda is that which has the truth behind it . 
  depends on the subject , it 's been blatantly shilling pro-immigration nonsense until recently . 
  the original livestream from rt showed fireworks exploding well behind the police lines and seemingly coming out of nowhere before they were seen coming from the crowd . 
  breeder reactors can turn 99 % of that waste back into fuel , the only problem is that building and operating them is expensive . 
  also , how does an old power plant safely shutting down after an additional problem was discovered qualify as unsafe ? 
  there is nothing wrong with nuclear power . 
  it 's far more reliable than wind and solar and vastly safer than coal . 
  the french have proved this conclusively . 
  shutting down the nuclear power plants was apparently a popular decision . 
  did people think that wind farms would sprout up overnight and magically be able to take care of base load ? 
  no , they just refuse to rely on the much cleaner and safer alternative . 
  communism was quite a bit worse . 
  thing is , the fascist dictatorships were honest about being fascist dictatorships . 
  at least the actual fascists are honest . 
  fact remains that nothing was thrown and things were quite peaceful until after the police stopped the march for no apparent reason . 
  that video does n't show how many people there were to the right of the camera . 
  classic misdirection by the media . 
  fn is becoming quite popular , is n't it ? 
  the pegida crowd looked like a lot more than 500 from the livestream i saw . 
  would n't they have to provide standards of evidence for each one ?
