  sweden . 
  are they disproportionately breaking the law and refusing to integrate ? 
  thing is , eventually something will come of it , and it 's going to involve a lot of dead bodies . 
  people will eventually snap , and when they do it 's going to get ugly . 
  you need a less shitty right wing , then . 
  they only started throwing things when the march was stopped by police . 
  quite possibly . 
  if they do n't like it , then they can leave . 
  the us government still has n't formally apologized or admitted wrongdoing in the shoot-down of iran air 655 . 
  they did , however , admit that they did it and paid reasonable compensation to the families of the iranian victims . 
  apparently the airline was also compensated for its plane at approximately market value . 
  it 'll be bad , but entirely survivable . 
  there is still hope for humanity . 
  it 's still a legitimate issue . 
  there are serious financial , cultural , criminal , and demographic concerns . 
  of course , it appears that you germans are n't even allowed to say that on facebook anymore . 
  it 's not a conspiracy theory , just an unhealthy focus on the economy at the expense of the people . 
  also , lots of people campaign for a lot of things without understanding the consequences , and that ignorance is a cancer on society . 
  people always want to `` do something '' about perceived or actual injustice without stopping to think about the pros and cons of what they 're advocating . 
  true . 
  however , in the case of places that one can leave freely , parents have a responsibility to ensure that their children act appropriately . 
  if they 're screaming and causing a scene , then you take your kid outside until he calms down . 
  it 's what my parents did when i was being a little shit . 
  also , if parents know that their children are likely to flip out on a plane , they should reconsider . 
  it was justifiable , but the target was not . 
  we should have fucked up saudi arabia , not afghanistan . 
  unfortunately , they are our greatest ally and can do no wrong : ^ ), 
  thing is , at least back in the days of empires , people were honest about using and abusing africa for money . 
  stupid things happens in war , and airliners have been accidentally shot down before because assholes did n't know what they were doing or ignored important information . 
  the us is guilty of similar fuck-ups . 
  yeah , denmark seems to be one of the only western european countries that actually has its shit together . 
  eastern europe is poor , and also actually cares about its people and culture . 
  -1 or -2 c in northern illinois with very little snow . 
  very unusual for january . 
  the u.s. military , including the national guard , is a volunteer force . 
  we have no conscripts , although legislation does exist to draft them if necessary . 
  yep . 
  you 're given a chart to fill out whenever you drive , to be reviewed by the adult . 
  your parent or other legal guardian also has to swear or affirm that the hours are correct , under penalty of perjury . 
  as it happens , the form for illinois is available online . 
  there 's no distinction in the us between transmission types , a car is a car . 
  that said , you generally have to drive the same vehicle you used to get to the dmv for the practical test . 
  if it 's a manual and you ca n't drive stick , you wo n't be getting very far in the first place . 
  in illinois in the us , it 's 50 hours behind the wheel with a licensed adult for anyone under 18 , plus a professional driver 's education course of some description , which can often be taken as an elective class in high school and is therefore at least partially subsidized by the state . 
  over 18 , and you just have to pass the exam and practical test . 
  varies by state , but you generally take a multiple-choice exam , either written or on a computer , and then take a short drive with an instructor . 
  screw up the exam too badly , and you fail . 
  break traffic laws with the instructor , and you fail . 
  you also need to have a certain amount of time behind the wheel with a licensed adult or instructor on your learner 's permit . 
  pretty much . 
  the us is a huge country with about a third the population density of the eu . 
  very true . 
  to be fair , syria was not an islamic hellhole . 
  assad may be a dictator , but he 's a secular dictator . 
  yeah , and it 's a leftist bias at that . 
  yep , english is a clusterfuck . 
  we revel in it . 
  yeah , nj is a shitty state . 
  the us judicial system is actually a bit of a mess . 
  federal judges and members of the supreme court are appointed by cooperation between the president and congress , but state judges are often , but not always , elected . 
  there would be a thing very close to objective journalism if journalists bothered to try . 
  and claiming that the cliff they 're moving towards does n't exist . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  they 're mandatory volunteers !, 
  translation : we never * intentionally * hit civilian targets in syria . 
  that does n't mean we give a shit if we do accidentally , though . 
  the us record is -62 c ( prospect creek , alaska , 1971 ) . 
  coldest in the contiguous 48 states was -57 c ( rogers pass , montana , 1954 ), 
  i 'm not religious in the slightest , you 're just an arrogant fool . 
  someone who did know about religions in general would not make such a monumentally stupid comment . 
  yes , and back then only one of them had nukes , in a very limited quantity . 
  if the mass gatherings of civilians in question are armed and violent , what 's the issue ? 
  and if any two of them go to war , we 'll all be fucked . 
  `` civilians '', 
  only a fool turns on their transponder during a combat mission . 
  assholes lost the election , some other assholes won the election . 
  population upset over the new assholes being assholes . 
  it 's working as intended . 
  if the parties can not agree , nothing happens until they figure out how to get along . 
  the us is also about the same size as the entire eu with less than half the population . 
  the us is first world by definition , as is the rest of nato . 
  the german press is terrible at that , and they are hardly alone . 
  it 's a soviet-era bomber that was shot down . 
  i would n't be surprised if it had a single , poorly protected black box . 
  i mean , he 's almost correct . 
  it 's just a * legally binding * opinion . 
  strategic bombing is distinct from intentionally-created famine and mass execution of one 's own citizens . 
  it is a complicated issue . 
  however , strategic bombing of non-industrial targets such as the parts of dresden that were hit hardest are clearly unacceptable . 
  the nukes did strike valid industrial and military targets , but the japanese were on the verge of surrendering anyway . 
  same with poles . 
  it is no secret that the soviets killed far more civilians than the germans did in the holocaust . 
  well , why would n't we ? 
  rommel and guderian wrote the book on mechanized warfare . 
  the soviets were no better . 
  they believe anyone right of stalin is `` fascist '' , including the police . 
  the american right has said the same thing regarding hillary clinton . 
  as an adult , this is hilarious . 
  it stepped out of dreamland and into the real world . 
  i talked to one a couple of months ago , he declared that both the democratic and republican parties of the us were `` fascist '' .
