   but then on the immigration issue greece and germany were allied against the other countries , and germany did not have its way ... and then we were insulting every other country for daring to oppose german . 
  how can it be a hegemony when germany so often does n't have its way ? 
  germany does n't want more refugees . 
  they pretend to denounce v4 and austria , but they have taken no action against them , yet when we opposed the loan agreements they cut off our funding . 
  everyone knows the eu is dominated by the germans . 
  a mere look at [ how the council votes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_nice_.282003.e2.80.932014.2f2017.29 ) would tell you as much . 
  indeed . 
  we mediterraneans should form our own group , based on our graeco-roman values , instead of the current , protestant-based eu . 
  2004 best year of life , totally worth it !, 
  we already have plenty . 
  looks like / r/europe is turning into more of a v4 circlejerk by the day . 
  i think we do xd edit : we make them in crete , i have n't tasted any though . 
  i knew the blue line on the spread graph was greece without even looking . 
  we really are hopeless . 
  holy shit . 
  there 's one statistic which we 're actually doing well at . 
  this feels ... wrong . 
  edit : poland for eu hegemon . 
  happy potugal day to our fellow southern european banana republic !, 
  nice ad hominem you have there . 
  we can return our money over time and inside the eurozone we 'll never be able to do that . 
  the eu has n't supported us in the refugee crisis , against turkey , fyrom or pretty much any other way . 
  it has n't done much good for us and it only keeps doing worse and worse ( see ` anti-hate speech on the internet ' acts etc. ) . 
  it 's a great idea in theory , but in practice it 's a mix of a free for all and a german hegemony . 
  a country 's first priority is to its native residents , not its expats . 
  being an expat , with many expats in my family , if greece 's prosperity means making my life harder , so be it , it 's the duty of the government to do that . 
  besides , a gov ` t 's priority should be to have its expats return , not live abroad . 
  ps : i do n't need to be able to personally solve all of greece 's problems to have an opinion . 
  if that 's how democracy worked , only a handful of people , if anyone , would have a right to an opinion . 
  you 're more miserable than us already , judging by the number of romanian immigrants we have where i 'm from . 
  greek trains do not carry migrants . 
  your warships are archaic jokes and they do nothing . 
   `` starting to lead '' the bloc lol . 
  cyprus has more leadership than those guys . 
  when the the v4 going to stop pretending they can actually influence major members ? 
  the uk does n't care what the v4 want , if anything you just earned leave a few more votes by having the leaders of countries britons perceive as the source of immigrants campaign against leave . 
  me too . 
  ca n't wait for the eu to break down . 
  it is eastern europe/balkans . 
  the only economy doing well in the south is northern italy and even they are getting hit badly . 
  keep you hellenophobia out of this . 
   a lot of foreign investors we have foreign investors ? 
  holy shit , somebody gim me their phone , i wan na go a pray to them !, 
   southern europe has a lot of problems , but blaming the germans ( indirectly ) is not the solution . 
  nobody blamed germans ... reuters has consistently been the most pro-german news source i 've seen , i doubt they suddenly change that . 
  i know that feeling , sadly . 
  i 'm sort of a masochist , first thing i do in the morning is read the news . 
  thank you . 
  i 've always admired bismarck , but it 's been a long time since i read anything on him , so i was n't sure if i remembered correctly . 
  chill out , they 'll just get a free trade agreement with the eu anyway , no way germany , france etc. 
  will let that much trade money go to waste to `` punish '' britain . 
  otto von bismarck 's policy was focused on isolating france and strengthening relations with russia , if i remember correctly . 
  well , they do n't , but neither does annexing nearby states ' land . 
  you do realise that the failure to transport immigrants is because individual member states refuse to enforce it and accept them , right ? 
  we ca n't force you to get them , you have to accept them for it to work . 
  in my opinion , since greece and turkey already have a migrant-return deal which turkey chooses to ignore , a joint eu fleet to protect greek costaguard while and aid them in pushing back migrants would be an ideal solution , but seeing how people are n't even willing to spend money for a plane transport of refugees , much less move an entire fleet , i doubt it 's going to happen . 
  there 's no free , easy way out of this . 
  you 'll have to spend money either way . 
  more than a couple actually : https://nikparent.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/refugee-map.jpg it works perfectly fine . 
  whether you want , is another story . 
  the one where eu refugees would be distributed across europe ? 
  the crisis has been going on for barely a year , hardly a decade . 
  you 're welcome to come and try police our border , but seeing how `` respectable '' countries like italy and france ca n't work out much smaller borders , i find it hard to imagine you could . 
  agreed . 
   in every f * island * on & chill out there , mate . 
  judging by how people in the eu do n't even want to spend a penny on the whole affair , i doubt they 'd be willing to open and operate such a centre . 
  besides , its size would be so big it would take up a significant portion , if not all , of a major greek island and there 's no way the locals and the gov ' t would allow it . 
  smaller processing centres could work but they require tons of funding . 
  we already have a solution , but austria and a number of other countries chose to ignore it and breach eu rules . 
  and the one presented by kurz will simply be vetoed by greece , italy , cyprus etc. 
  so no chance there either . 
  i never claimed we 're always the victim . 
  but we sure as hell ai n't at fault for this , so we ai n't lifting the burden . 
  the question is , do they have a [ casus belli ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuzvwxucxbw ) ? 
  most of europe , that is . 
  we and cyprus are getting along with you pretty fine , 'cause unlike people far away from the eastern mediterranean who judge from the comfort of their safety , we have to work with you to hold erdogan back daily . 
  greece and portugal : we are dirt poor , in a literal sense too , it would seem . 
   do what you want not much of a solution . 
  dismissing all other proposals , without offering one is about as helpful as demolishing somebody 's house 'cause you do n't like the way it looks and then not helping them get a new one . 
   i am only telling you the reality . 
  oh yes , the reality arguement . 
  hope you get lots of that when somebody else disobeys eu law and international law at your expense . 
  do n't forget , you 're a small country too . 
  we might be in a tough spot now , but that does n't mean you are n't going to get into one anytime in the future too . 
  define proper . 
  it 's rather hard to create a proper processing centre when you are in debt , get no major aid in doing so and have more and more immigrants arriving , while they 'cause constant violent riots so none of the locals want them there . 
  i guess they like to imagine themselves as the athenians during the melian dialogue , in all their might and civilisation . 
  `` the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . '', 
  i guess nobody told them what happened to the athenians after . 
  i hear plenty of western and northern europeans complain every time they have to loan other countries , let alone aid them . 
   we will defend our borders and you wo n't so in your opinio nwe should ignore international law and sink their boats ? 
  yes , define `` offshore '' . 
  our empty islands are so small , you ca n't even fit 1000 people on them . 
  so instead of distributing them around the eu , we put all the problems on greece 's laready strained border islands , 'cause you do n't want to see more immigrants in your country ? 
  if by payment you mean whipping away all our debts , so we can then blakcmail fyrom into opening their borders via embargo , sure . 
  by states i mean us states , not foreign states . 
  americans do n't rase a fuss when their tax dollars go to create factories or maintain welfare in other states . 
  we europeans through a tantrum every time we have to help eachother . 
  christianity might have been a `` roman '' state religion , but it 's far from a graeco-roman concpet , most of its ideas were entirely opposed to classical heritage and actively sought to destroy it . 
  additionally , if you want the `` true '' roman state religion , you 'd be looking at orthodox christianity and most proper `` european '' states are catholic or protestant .
