  he acted in a civilised manner and by illegal he probably reffered to the fact that the eu , of which the uk is a member , recognises fyrom only as fyrom , not macedonia , therefore a state channel , such as the bbc , should get its terminology right and be in accordance with eu diplomatic protocol . 
  this lady litterally walked into the hellenic parliament , into the office of a far-right mp none the less , and she called fyrom `` macedonia '' , a name which as far as greece and the eu is concerned only reffers to the region of macedonia , in northern greece . 
  what did she expect ? 
  when you act like an amateur , you get the treatment that befits an amateur . 
  fyrom has no ancient myths , fyrom 's people are bulgarians . 
  indeed . 
  yes , and ? 
  the cold war had very important implications on the cultures and mentalities of european peoples . 
  also it was the yalta conference that made sure we were n't in the red , the civil war was just a drag , since the soviets had promised to let greece within britain 's sphere of influence . 
  the balkans are culturally eastern european , not southern . 
  here 's the official eu map for southern europe , coloured in gold . 
  before fyrom , nobody even questioned the greekness of ancient macedon or of macedon in general . 
  that changed with fyrom . 
  you do know greeks were in that region before slavs , right ? 
  we did n't have to assimilate anyone . 
  we kicked out almost all the slavs due to past treaties with bulgaria ( neuilly-sur-seine ) . 
  right now there are only 50,000 slavs ( i do n't count immigrants , only native greek citizens ) in a region with 3,000,000 + people . 
  fyrom nationalists claim an immense figure of 500,000 , which , beyond being an enormous asspull , is far too little to call northern greece `` slavic '' . 
  hurriyet is a really good paper , tbh . 
  we respect it as a news source from turkey , even in greece . 
  we 're practically the same , so we all love one another . 
  at least for the pigs . 
  the balkans are not southern europe , those guys hate eachother viciously though . 
  your map is mistranslated . 
  it 's not theme of thrace or theme of macedonia , it 's theme of the macedonians and theme of the thracians , because the soldiers who garrissoned the themes were from macedonia or thrace . 
  byzantine soliders who garissoned themes were always from different areas , so as to avoid coups and rebellions . 
  northern greece is slavic ? 
  in what universe ? 
  northern greece is greek , mate , our treaties with bulgaria made sure of that . 
  woops , my bad . 
  that would be a sinking boat / s, 
  surrender to comrade putin 's unmatchable flufyness , western imperialist scum !, 
  proud italian art , never seizes to amaze . 
  true that xd, 
  then they 'll try to invade greece through albania and will somehow magically lose to an army of conscripted syrian refugees armed with water pistols / s, 
  cause that 's what fair ausonia needs , of all things , a long , pointless , costly war . 
  yes i know it 'll protect italian oil interests , but seriously if the french could n't do it and the americans left such a mess , i 'm not very confident our friends to the west will do any better . 
  anyway , best of luck and let 's hope it 's not followed by another pindus campaign xd / s, 
  all of that sounds fine by me :d now let 's get to planning it . 
  hey to their own defence , the croatians did choose to buker up in dubrovnik . 
  horribly . 
  but hey if you ever have a spare east thrace that you do n't want , you know who to call . 
  we volunteer to take east thrace so turkey does n't have to be included !, 
  paging / u/constantineleandros for posterity !, 
  after weeks of repeatedly questioning the validity of and/or the reasoning behind the treaty of lausagne , erdogan has uttered yet another controversial indirect claim on greek lands . 
  this comes after turkish fighter jets violated greece 's airspace yesterday , on october 28th , a greek national holiday . 
  translation :  turkish president tayyip erdogan was confrontational once more . 
  while speaking in an event to celebrate the passage of 93 years since the foundation of the turkish republic , he stated that islands in the eastern aegean which belong to greece as per the treaty of lausagne are turkish and bear elements of turkish culture . 
   `` i give history lessons [ ... ] i spoke of [ the treaty of ] lausagne and they ( the greeks ) got annoyed . 
  why ? 
  the islands which are situated right before our nose ( sic ) , i shout it , they were our islands . 
  on those islands we have our history , our monuments , our mosques . 
  they 're still annoyed when we call them that . 
  why ? '', 
  he said , characteristically . 
   the turkish president added that `` those who signed that ( the treaty , meaning kemal ataturk ) are responsible . '', 
   this is yet another incident in a long wave of questioning of the borders of turkey by tayyip erdogan . 
  [ cue the theme song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgqah3-lk54 ), 
  long live wallonia !, 
  you 're welcome , neighbours . 
  i think we vetoed it too . 
  we ai n't busting more deals ( like the pipelines we cancelled last time ) only for the krauts & co. to come and make new ones with russia while lecturing us on `` unity '' . 
   they did n't recognise the authority of the pope depends on what authority you 're referring to . 
  the pope never had the authority to appoint emperors to begin with . 
  that rested with the senate . 
  the pope never had the authority to appoint emperors . 
  emperors were appointed by the senate which was in constantinople after constantine 's relocation of the capital . 
  the hre was an illegitimate non-holy , non-roman , and certainly non-imperial sham of a state . 
  damn are you in my brain ? 
  i was reading about that two days ago :0, 
  well it was culturally , liguistically and ethnically greek , to a great extent . 
  * but * ( and this is what many greeks and non-greeks do n't understand ) it was administratively and legally 100 % pure roman . 
  the byzantine empire was still the roman empire . 
  the term `` byzantine '' was created by german renaissance scholars , due to the mistaken but politically prevalent opinion in german lands at the time that the hre was somehow the legitimate imperium romanum . 
  ahem . 
  more like 1453 !, 
  precisely , 
  have either of those cunts ever heard of translators ? 
  the brits speak english , the eu speak whatever they want , and we all get to be narcissistic pricks . 
  you 're missing my point entirely ... 
  and no turkish either . 
  do n't forget the turks . 
  tbh if we somehow did get 50 years of not foreign intervention and no wars , we might even become a proper region . 
  that 's actually more saddening than all the other shit the soviets did . 
  even after they 're gone , their mentalities still poison people 's minds . 
  it 's like the ottomans and their mentalities of state-citizen rivalry and corruption being acceptable in the balkans . 
  i 'm perfectly good with that . 
  now let 's go bug germoney for more euromonies . 
  when all the ee ppl whose families have been migrating to greece for decades and have been treated very kindly talk shit about your country ... 
  thanks folks . 
  i guess we ought to remember your kindness if russia gets uppity ever again . 
   greeks are eating olives greeks always eat olives . 
  they grow everywhere in greece . 
  shit , there 's a bunch of olive trees on the street outside my house in a suburban area . 
  you do n't bail anyone out . 
  your countries get lots of funding from the richer eu countries to cover for your development . 
  subtract that , and it 's still the other western europeans paying for us . 
   it 's the soviet line of thinking finally someone with a brain . 
  for all their hate of the ussr , most eastern euro posters on this sub seem to love its mentality .
