  who do you think ( if anyone ) will replace him ? 
  i would too , but international law would beg to differ . 
  refuse who ? 
  could be . 
  you probably know more than me on that specific topic . 
  they both follow the rule of tincture , so they 're designed to look good :d, 
   police proceded to apprehend 15 people , during heavy riots that took place in syntagma ( constitution ) square , while the tax and pension reforms were being voted on in parliament . 
  of these apprehensions , 14 were arrests with charges being pressed . 
   of the arrested persons who shall be directed to the prosecutor , ** three are greeks , four are iranian , three are french , two are swiss , one is austrian and one is cypriot citizens . 
  **  furthermore , during the early morning hours of the day , unknown persons threw molotov cocktails at a mat ( `` units for the restoration of order '' ; aka . 
  riot police ) brigade , which was near the offices of pasok ( the panhellenic socialist movement ) , as well as the ministry of culture . 
   it should be noted that the riots were broadcasted around the world , with foreign correspondents directing attention at the narrow majority with which the new measures were approved , that the evaluation ( of the greek programme ) has still not been completed and that there is great disappointment and rage in the ( greek ) society . 
  it 's something . 
  `` reforms '', 
  red and yellow are pretty legit , at least from my point of view . 
  i love how when a german posts this , they get 3 upvotes , but when anyone else posts this , we get downvoted into oblivion . 
  das butthurt is real . 
  100 billion dollars is not a large sum for an economy the size of germany . 
  if germany had paid all its reparations , greece alone would have gotten more than three times that . 
  because the political cost of admitting that they lied to their voters is far greater than the current situation where they sink us deeper into the abyss , while telling their people of how we all go around in limos using their money . 
  oh yes , let 's all congratulate them for shitting all over eu agreements and abandoning greece and italy to their fate . 
  how about we give them some punitive measures and then we see them fall back in line ... 
  you can not seize those , unless you 're planning to invade us . 
   like every financial guideline what splendid arguments !, 
   like during your entire financial crisis source ? 
  he won the elections , with a reduced percentage and mostly because he was seen as slightly less bad than nd . 
  he is going to lose the next one though . 
  and this is from someone who supported him . 
  he did n't resign 'cause he wanted to , he was forced to resign . 
  who 's we ? 
  when did we blame you ? 
  what rules did we refuse to follow ? 
  and get real , you ca n't seize those . 
  as i said before , 100 billion dollars , is not a large sum of money for an economy the size of germany . 
  if all wwii reparations had been paid , greece alone would have gotten more thna 3 times that . 
  they did get something out of it : germany 's loyalty against the ussr and european stability . 
  100 billion dollars is not a large sum for an economy the size of germany . 
  if germany had paid all its reparations , greece alone would have gotten more than three times that . 
  youngest one is 15 , oldest is 19 . 
  we voted ` no ' with banks closed down and practically all foreign gov ` ts against us ? 
  you misunderstand . 
  if it was n't for the marshal plan , the allies would have dismantled all german industry and prohibited you from ever rebuilding industry ever again . 
  knoweledge and know-how are n't any good when they ca n't be put to use . 
  those ca n't be bought . 
  99 % of our infrastrucure was destroyed , about 1/10 of our population was massacared , all of our gold reserves were seized , our economy was destroyed and we were condemned to extreme instability for decades and you 're trying to shame me for asking for some basic compensation ?!, 
  115 mln $ is a drop in the ocean compared to the damages we took . 
  sure they were destroyed , but they were rebuilt by plenty of allied cash . 
  we were n't . 
  dude all the germans i 've met were perfectly proud about being german and had no problem with saying it ... in fact a couple of 'em were constantly like `` we 're the best country !, 
   as far as my historical knowledge reaches , all german war debt was paid , including the greek . 
  then your historical knowledge is incorrect . 
  reparations would be in the hundreds of billions , we only got a few millions . 
   today , many of my friends are from germany . 
  i feel not the slightest need for racism or hate for them . 
  not one of them had anything to do with the abominations of war . 
  germany has paid it 's debt , and life goes on . 
  your hatred holds you back . 
  just accept that the germans paid very grave for the war in both lives and money . 
  i also have german friends . 
  i do n't hate anyone . 
  but i reject the idea that germany as a nation has repented and regretted . 
  apart from the fact the reparations are still owed , there 's also a forced gold loan from greece to germany , signed by hitler himself , with an interest rate of 5 % that has been going on to this day . 
  this is probably why the germans do n't want to discuss reparations ; that debt is enormous . 
  tsipras bent the knee . 
  for that , he 's responsible . 
  he should have resigned if he could n't handle what our vote meant . 
  \u0399 have no intention of making people guilty . 
  i know perfectly well of the great famine and all the deaths it caused ( with no compensation to thsi day ) . 
  i just do n't like it when people pretend they feel guilty or ashamed , when they do n't . 
  it turned out with some germans claiming to be regretful , when in reality they are n't . 
  be like what ? 
  we are still officially demanding reparations . 
  as far as i 'm concerned we 're covered in that department . 
  i ai n't gon na lie , that 's actually pretty impressive . 
  has he considered researching cancer-cures ? 
  personnally , i have n't seen many german friends of mine feel guilty about it ( not that i believe they should feel guilty for something that they had no part in ) . 
   finally , i said it might be difficult for the greeks to understand this situation for the germans due to the recent fiscal situation in eurozone . 
  the reason greeks feel that you guys are n't truly regretful for what happened does n't have to do with the crisis . 
  it has to do with the fact that 70 years later , we still have n't gotten any compensation or , in many cases , apology for what was done to us . 
  for example , it was n't up until a couple of years ago that the german president apologised for distomo and he still did n't recognise it as a war crime , standing by the official german `` standard military procedure '' position , to avoid reparations . 
  in the case of oradour sur glane on the other hand , germany has fully apologise etc , because there they are dealing with a strong nation . 
  in our eyes , the german attitude with regard to wwii is hypocritical : extreme , sometimes even needless regret and tears for their crimes to the influential jewish community and the major victors of wwii and little to no regard for the weaker nations affected by their actions . 
  for example my father 's uncles were all killed by the germans . 
  even before the crisis , he never liked germans for that exact reason ; 70 years later his family got no justice , no compensation for being nearly wiped out , not even a mere `` sorry '' by the official face of the german people . 
  i realise that many germans might personnally not be like this , but personnal opinions without official backing are empty words and meaningless . 
  what exactly do we have to feel guilty for , that we already do n't ? 
   germany was always a strong industrial power . 
  with or without foreign aid it would be fine . 
  after wwii most of germany 's industry was in ruins . 
  if it were n't for mr. 
  marshal , all of it would have been dismantled to placate the french . 
   if you greeks okay with giving complete control to troika so that we can dismantle your welfare state and make reforms than i 'm sure they could forgive your debt as well . 
  the problem is that the troika 's `` reforms '' are n't what you believe them to be . 
  i 'm all for dismantling our current welfare state . 
  the problem is that we currently have extremely high taxes and other measures that make business and investment prohibitive . 
  you hear `` reform '' and think `` modernisation '' . 
  we are n't opposed to modernisation . 
  we 're begging for it . 
  what we get instead is destructive austerity . 
   think you have no blame in this crises most greeks believe we are to blame for our crisis .
