  almost as strong as the single downvote . 
  peace . 
  no prob . 
  want a free refugee ? 
  i do n't consider it a compliment to be compared to nazi germany , but seeing how [ you come from a country that keeps electing erdogan ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/01/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdogan-hitlers-germany-example-effective-government ) , i can see why you would . 
  i was speaking about why the allies ( mainly the us ) decided not to punish germany * again * , not about how `` greece is gon na turn into nazi germany '' but hey , that went over your head . 
  comparing the problems and solutions of a country and a mutlinational-continental union is retarded . 
  pretty much . 
  most of those guys have links far back enough to the foundation of the modern greek state and are supported by the shipping magnates who 've practically run greece since the revolution ( nothing to laugh at , they control 1/5 of global maritime trade and most mediterranean trade and they 've been `` releaved '' of taxes in greece since the junta 's times ) . 
  however , the people are at fault too ( if not most ) like in all democracies . 
  the problem is that now most of the common people have a will for them to be prosecuted and for change to come , but there 's no mainstream political voice expressing those views . 
  they would have followed the french doctrine and demolished everything , splitting the country into smaller states under foreign ( french mainly ) ` protection ' , not unlike the confederation of the rhine . 
  last time i checked ( with interest ) the reparations that would have been paid to greece would be $ 800 billion in modern usd . 
  germany paid about $ 100 billion . 
  sorry mate , i 've had this discussion so many times i 'm tired of going back and forth with links . 
  since when is the uk a continent ? 
  not really . 
  there 's only one that i 've heard of but they 're so far left and incompetent they 're laughable . 
  oh yeah and there 's golden dawn ... not touching that one with a ten metre pole . 
  lol, 
  when did i blame germany for greece 's problems ??? 
  i literally wrote an entire comment against it ... 
  greece is a mainland , but that ' a another point . 
  the point is izmir has more than one name . 
  the british isles do n't . 
  also , the name british isles does not imply that you 're british . 
  besides , everyone calls the balkans balkans from the turkish balkan , and we do n't go on demanding everyone calls them aimos/haemus , we just go along with it . 
  much better . 
  as long as those in charge know hot to enact the plan , the intelligence of the average yank ( admittedly quite low ) is irrelevant . 
  only if they 're the ones with the small cookies . 
  well what the fuck do you expect terrorists to hoard ? 
  cereal boxes ? 
   these are vertical dust collectors this deserves more upvotes . 
  seconded . 
  do guillotines also go for foreigners ? 
  nah i really do n't , but the average american does n't need for that ` plan ' to work . 
  thanks for the info . 
   i get what your are saying , except that the phrase `` see it as an aggressive move '' still sounds strange to me . 
  i would rather say `` sees it as a move threatening its position '' . 
  agreed . 
  i lacked a better phrase . 
   besides , saying `` putin might be a cunt , but he 's a smart cunt '' and `` the russians saw you as a vassal '' seems contradictory . 
  ukraine is a sovereign country and the nation of ukrainians have the right for self-determination , as any other nation in the world . 
  if the kremlin leader was smart , he would not use middle ages terminology in treating independent neighbour states and their people . 
  not really . 
  a vassal does n't necessarily have to be a tributary state . 
  i was saying more of in the sense that russia considered ukraine to be in its sphere of influence , which it was . 
  the sudden push outside russia 's sphere of influence and into the eu ( which could be argued is a franco-german-american sphere , but that 's a whole other story ) is what ` triggered ' the kremlin 's ` response ' . 
  indeed . 
  but my question was more of `` for how much longer can the us keep paying for an army this big ? '', 
  i 'm not talking years here , i 'm talking decades or even centuries . 
  as far forward as we go , russia 's strategic objectives will never change , however the capabilities of both russia and the us will change drastically . 
  well , i do n't see denmark being in need of protection , so obviously he was reffering to border states . 
  no mater how much you upgrade your conventional forces , russia will always beat them by far . 
  ps : ok which cunt started downvoting a peaceful discussion ? 
  the problem is that it will never be paid off at the rate our gdp is decreasing . 
  if our gdp was rising , it would n't be a problem , but our debt is rising and our gdp is dropping . 
  those reports are mostly bullshit ( we 've been getting those every year since 2008 ) , though varoufakis and tsipras did n't help anything . 
  tbh as long as austerity is maintained , nothing will improve . 
  the greek economy is at a pretty realistic level . 
  in fact , seeing how our north lacks industrialisation we could be doing much better . 
  the problem is the misuse of funds . 
  look , i 'm not saying you owe us free cash or anything , but let 's be honest here , you are n't getting that money back , so we can both pretend you are and keep damaging ourselves or get over it and try to stop it from repeating itself . 
  shit happens . 
  i never assumed such a thing and i agree . 
  but the russians saw you as a vassal and when your vassal starts trying to break away fro your influence or assert independence , you see it as an agressive move . 
  perhaps . 
  but one should note for how much longer the us can keep protecting russia 's neighbours without charging them . 
  trump ( while otherwise a total fool ) has already proposed charging poland , the baltics etc. 
  for us military presence and protection . 
  even if both the us and russia are losing strength , russia will be capable of operating in countries next to her for far more than the us will be able to protect states on the other side of the atlantic . 
   the loans now are a far far lower burden on greece , a small percentage of its gdp . 
  dude ... have you even looked at how much our debt is and how much our gdp is ? 
  gdp : 235.57 billion usd debt : 397.58 billion usd it 's far from a small % of our gdp . 
  it 's about 175 % last time i checked . 
  seriously , do n't pull stuff out of your ass . 
  well primarily ours , but still it takes two for a crime . 
  holy shit , i 've always wanted to meet a person from your country , it 's like meeting a freaking magic lepricon ( no offense ) !, 
  i was wondering , what 's the economy like ? 
  i mean , what do you guys survive on ? 
  also , is the country very militarised ? 
  nobody wants to give greece anything , but unless you wan na shoulder some more pointless loans , you have to give some `` free '' debt cut . 
  you know what they say , when you loan an untrustworthy client , you 're as much at fault as they are if you lose your money . 
  well , tbh that 's to be expected . 
  as kissinger said , the russians would never let the countries near them be independent and hostile , for basic defense and strategic reasons . 
  putin might be a cunt , but he 's a smart cunt , at least when it comes to politics , nobody can deny that . 
  he knows his machiavelli . 
  `` if your beighbours can not be loyal allies , then make them so weak and damaged that they have no choice but to depend on you and be at your mercy . '', 
  more or less . 
  bullshit ^ 2 the loans , coupled with the interest , are still so much bigger than the greek gdp that the reductions did fuck all . 
  if i recall we 're debating the effectiveness of the whole debacle , not its existence . 
  you do know that the total amount of reparations you paid is less than what you would have paid greece alone if your debt had not been forgiven right ? ... 
  debt cuts and new loans , coupled with absolutely moronic austerity is like cutting somebody 's hand off and saying it 's ok 'cause you stopped the bleeding and then cutting off another slice . 
   greece already got aid in the amount of multiple marshall plans from germany and doesnt even have to pay them back never mind the fact , that if we had gotten full reparations for wwii we would have gotten tons more than even our current debt ... 
  debt cuts accompanied by new loans is not a very effective way of cutting debt , is it now ? 
  fun fact : in 1950 greece was in the middle of civil war and was ruled by successive us puppet gov ` ts and dictatorships . 
  fun fact : if germany had payed back their full reparations to us , we would have gotten way more . 
  fun fact : guess which country had the technical know-how to create industry and which did not . 
  any change to the drachma , would of course have to be accompanied by a majour haircut and transfer of the debt to drachmae . 
  otherwise it 's plain suicide .
