  no deal ? 
  woops i meant legions xd, 
  totally , their infrastructure and jobs programmes were great . 
  plus , all greeks were citizens of rome , our language was official and we had a great economy back then . 
  ai n't even mad . 
   i really miss that girl . 
  * gives hug * it 's ok man , we 've all been there . 
   sexually attracted to barbed wire fences did you act upon this fetish , if i might inquire ? 
  which begs the question ... 
  when the heck is the eu punishing vw ? 
  seriously , if it were a non-franco-german company it would have been purged to oblivion by now ... 
  we 're more alike than we thought . 
  the hre ( that non-roman , non-imperial and unholy abomination ) did not have legions . 
  more like armies of mercenaries and peasants . 
  the answer to `` why do n't you pay your taxes ? '', 
  for many people . 
  the way the economy and bailouts went , people who were perfectly economically healthy ended up in debt ( as they could n't pay taxes/bills , due to a combination of those costs being very high , wages falling , living costs rising and many of them not having jobs anymore ) while others ate away at the savings of a lifetime . 
  my family , for example , was forced to eat away at thousands of eur in savings due to unemployment , despite having paid all their taxes every year before and being in absolutely no debt , money which they had saved for me and my bro 's studies . 
  the end result ? 
  0 savings , desperately trying to get enough money together to pay taxes and praying we do n't get any new ones . 
  and of course the typical finger waving fat politician on tv telling us about how we all `` spent that money together '' . 
  i am 100 % confident we did not . 
  but guess which one of us has to struggle to pay their bills ... edit : at least i 'm from athens and not crete , they seem to have it even worse ( at least according to the map ) . 
  and , apparently , thessaloniki is doing so bad they disappeared from the map or something . 
   yes yes , they are it was n't a yes/no question ... xd  which is not what they signed , as the deal states pretty clearly that negociations cant be started until art 50 is called . 
  i 'm not an expert on this but , as much as i want to trust you , this * is * the internet . 
  do you have a source ? 
  for us in the west , north-south has always been a thing . 
  indeed , but that does n't mean their trade with the uk is in any way insignificant or small . 
  which deals did they refuse to follow ? 
  everything they are doing is legal . 
  just like the idea that major uk trade partners will allow their economies to go the the toilet for junker 's ego . 
  actually , minas tirith was based of constantinople . 
  tolkien even referred to it as the `` byzantine city of minas tirith '' . 
  so the turks really were the orks . 
  the thing is , tolkien , like most european historians , was deeply saddened by europe 's betrayal of the last bastion of classical civilisation so in his story , they did not fail to show up and they defended it . 
  pay denbts ? 
  greece actually has a place called `` moria '' . 
  your move , turkey . 
   how comes german markets has always solution ready for every demand of eu before that demand appears ? 
  and also that solution is easy to export ? 
  how come every time the european south tries to change that , you start calling us lazy good for nothings ? 
  lol more butthurt polish nationalists who want the eu 's money but do not want to abide by her treaties and who speak ill of the uk 's right wing but defend their own like their mother 's honour . 
  look , one incompetent bureaucrat is applauding another !, 
  ionia comes from \u0399\u03c9\u03bd them mythical ancestor of the ionians ( one of the major greek tribes ) who colonised it after the dorian invasions . 
  the ionian sea & islands are named after \u0399\u03ce . 
  no relation at all . 
  yes but not for being socialists . 
  he killed them for not being `` true '' communists . 
  hitler put socialists in camps for * being * socialists , not because they were n't `` true '' socialists . 
  it 's like comparing islamic killings of christians to tensions between sects of christianity . 
  they were both savage and brutal , but they had different motives . 
   with by cultured hasbeens * sinister voice * `` operation trojan 2.0 is of entering final phase . 
  germoney of thinkings that we incompetent and lazy . 
  if only knew !, 
  time to pay , nazi !, 
  distomo and great famine never forget !, 
   say `` oppa '' i did n't know what i expected . 
  this crap again ... then why did he shove socialists into concentration camps ? 
   and right when you started trolling . 
  this is trolling now ? 
  wow , last time i checked that was making fake statements to get attention . 
   first learn how to have a civil discussion as opposed to a religious discussion ? 
  i assume you meant a civilised discussion . 
   i do n't owe you anything i never claimed that you do . 
   you could simply behave like an adult and you would get a reply , but you prefer not too . 
  while the adult in the room chose to throw a hissy fit over a small ironic comment and completely ignored the main point of the comment , while giving me a huge lecture about how i should behave . 
   i 'm sure you can understand that , but it feels better to think i 'm not replying because you must be right , is n't it ? 
  wishful thinking right there . 
  projection if i 've ever seen it . 
  you seem to ignore the very basic idea that the economy is not a magic construct of thin air but there are people who create and depend on it . 
  if you ca n't take some irony , you ought to go back to primary school . 
   ok i stopped reading there . 
  right before you hit my point about the 30 % reduction in gdp . 
  how very coincidental of you . 
  an intriguing concept . 
  i really do wonder what we should do the people who live off of that gdp . 
  perhaps summary executions would work ? 
  btw , that gdp has been cut by 30 % . 
  how much more does it need to be cut until you admit that idiotic austerity does not work ? 
  depends on which part you are , really . 
  i lived in amarousion before moving to canada , and prices were around 600-800 eur for an apartment where a family could live . 
  i dunno about the rest of athens though . 
  hopefully !, 
   but why do you oppose austerity ? 
  austerity is counter-intuitive . 
  it hopes to grow the economy but all it does is shrink it , by raising taxes while cutting incomes , which leads to less spending by the consumers , less tax revenue and less businesses existing . 
  perhaps on a small scale it might somewhat effective but measures like those schauble has enforced on us are ( give 100 % of your current year 's taxes plus those of next year in advance at the beginning of the year ) are just doing damage and no good and they are visibly growing unemployment , immigration and tax evasion , as well as completely destroying greek society . 
  a way to grow the economy and make us more productive would be to slash taxes ( as well as the public sector , but slash the actual unnecessary parts that form pro-austerity parties ' voter armies and not teachers , doctors etc. 
  ) , privatise some things but properly ( not in the current way where northern european businesses buy them for 1/1000 of their value and less than that in some cases ) and pause interest rate on the debt to allow for the economy to grow so we can pay them off . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wqswgwmabm ) 's a more detailed video , even though the speaker is a bit too much to the left for my liking . 
  ignore his personal opinions/comments and look at the facts he presents . 
   situation sucks , but the greeks spent themselves into this corner , only way out is with pain indeed , but what we 're doing ( or being forced to do ) is akin to smashing our head into the corner , hoping that we 'll break the wall . 
  it 's not gon na work , as our own head will break before the wall does . 
  the question is whether greeks themselves can afford it . 
  what part of athens are these people living in ? 
  wan na found a party ? 
  we 'll call it the `` hellenic patriotic union '' and we 'll win . 
  we 'll win so much we 'll get tired of winning and then we 'll win some more . 
  it 's gon na be beautiful !,
