  we also have a much smaller population . 
  most prefer canada , the usa and australia . 
  plus , it gave us machiavelli . 
  did n't operation gladio prove that decades ago ? 
  i 'm perfectly calm , thank you very much . 
  much more than i can say for the downvote-without-reply anti-putin bots . 
  sure thing , have a good day . 
   he claimed that a hispanic judge should n't try his case and would n't be impartial because of the judge 's ethnicity which , seeing the huge numbers of anti-trump begoted hispanics and that specific judge 's history of decisions , is hardly an unjustified concern . 
   he called various native americans ` pocahontas , ' he called elizabeth warren that , who , as a cherokee geneologist has proven , is not descended even one bit from native americans . 
   of course , he was the main cheerleader of the ` birther ' movement , which claimed obama was born in kenya . 
  which makes him a sore loser republican , but is not racist in itself , since it did not claim that obama can not be an american because he is black but that he might have been born in kenya because he has strong family connections ( as his first visit to kenya after becoming potus showed ) to kenya . 
  lol huff post  he attacked muslim gold star parents and hillary attacked a christian gold star mother . 
  does that make her anti-christian ? 
  btw islam is n't a race . 
   he claimed a judge was biased because `` he 's a mexican '' mexicans are very negatively inclined towards trump because of his migration policy . 
  i 'd be concerned too . 
   the justice department sued his company -- twice -- for not renting to black people people in certain white neighbourhoods do not want to live next to blacks , as blacks commit much more crime and tend to be from lower income backgrounds . 
  it 's more classist than racist . 
  also , there is no conviction to prove the `` alleged discrimination . '', 
   in fact , discrimination against black people has been a pattern in his career lol how very specific  he refused to condemn the white supremacists who are campaigning for him `` trump said he could n't condemn a group he had n't yet researched . '', 
  oh , how racist , not speaking out of your ass is obviously racist . 
   he questions whether president obama was born in the united states as do many people . 
  does that make them all racist ? 
  it 's makes them sore loser republicans , but not racists . 
   he treats racial groups as monoliths again , very specific indeed . 
   he trashed native americans , too `` by saying the mafia had infiltrated indian casinos . '', 
  which is true , to a great degree . 
   he encouraged the mob justice that resulted in the wrongful imprisonment of the central park five while not moral by my standards , it 's not any way , shape or form a racial issue . 
   he condoned the beating of a black lives matter protester `` the following day , trump implied that the attackers were justified . '', 
  `` condoned '' and `` implied '' are very , very different words . 
  as for blm , opposing their filth is hardly racist . 
  even if he had somehow `` condoned '' this person 's beating , that is * not * racist , in itself . 
   he called supporters who beat up a homeless latino man `` passionate '' they were . 
  passion does not have to be a positive thing , it merely implies intense feeling . 
  these men were very intensely against latino migration . 
  by trump 's standards that 's a good intention . 
  again , not comendable but hardly racist . 
   he stereotyped jews as shared an anti-semitic meme created by white supremacists `` when trump addressed the republican jewish coalition in december , he tried to relate to the crowd by invoking the stereotype of jews as talented and cunning businesspeople . '', 
  apart from that `` stereotype '' being largely true , since when are compliments considered racist ? 
  i know huff post readers get triggered at everything , but praising a group of people who you want to vote for you on their well known financial success is not racist . 
   he treats african-american supporters as tokens to dispel the idea he is racist what the heck does that even mean ? 
  of course the fact that people from minorities supporting him is a sign ( while not full proof in itself ) that he 's not racist , unless the millions of minority voters who support him are all mentally retarded . 
  did hollande mean for france to get as many terrorist attacks as beirut gets in a weekend or for france to become germany 's little sidekick ? 
  most of the russian populace are willing to sacrifice temporary economic prosperity in order to gain more territory because they are nationalistic as a people . 
  you can see that with his popularity among russians . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with what he does , but i 'm saying they are . 
  as far as they are concerned , he 's served them alright , which is much more than i can say for hollande and his all-time low public popularity . 
  i never said it 's a nice country to live in . 
  but competence and good will are a different thing . 
  say what you will about putin he has competence , but he lacks good intentions . 
  hollande has all the good intentions in the world , but he is incompetent as hell . 
  see the difference ? 
  burns jews , gays , gypsies , socialists ... che - oops, 
  sounds good enough , 
  culturally we 're much closer to italians and spaniards than moldovans and bosnians ... 
   that one of the leaders of the brexiter leaders of `` the brexiter '' you say ? 
  who is this brexiter with his numerous evil leaders ? 
  why , we should chuck them in jail or rape them , if you earlier comments in / r/greece are to be trusted !, 
  ca n't have such dangerous fascists exercising their freedom of thought and expression now , can we ? 
   fascist russia / u/ariskatsaris at it again . 
  russia is n't fascist , fascism is a very specific system . 
  it 's authoritirian , ultra-nationalist , paternal autocratic ( any and/or all of the above ) but * not * fascist . 
  i know fascist is a buzzword for anybody who opposes you lot , but putin is n't 21st century mussolini and neither is trump . 
  wan na see some fascists ? 
  visit stormfront . 
   like all the leaders of brexit have been loving fascist russia . 
  a most eloquent and accurate statistic , with sustantiated proof , even more so due to it 's completely proper use of the slang word `` like '' . 
   such a fucking coincidence again . 
  just like the coincidence of you making regressive comments full of `` language a 14-year old would use . '', 
  the cognitive dissonance is strong with this one . 
  i know . 
  it 's almost like they like competent leadership . 
   the racism i always see people saying trump is a racist . 
  can anybody point me to something genuinely racist he said ? 
  he 's a lot of bad things , but racist is n't one of them . 
  we know ... * cough * don pacifino affair * cough * kapodistrias assasination * cough *, 
   better to be cynically trying to gain leverage wherever possible to strengthen our position rather than going the greek route of just laying down and willingly getting fucked by the rest of europe . 
  finally somebody who says it as it is . 
  get out while you can , mate !, 
  our we seriously comparing putin to hitler ? 
  this freaking sub ... 
  * cough * 70 's greece * cough *, 
  while you must have been sleeping under a rock to not notice , here 's a few . 
  [ purchase example ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/fraport-to-manage-14-greek-airports/a-18917384 ) [ bankruptcy example ] ( http://www.efsyn.gr/arthro/anisyhia-dnt-gia-tis-hreokopies-epiheiriseon-stin-ellada ) as for effectively being a puppet state , is n't it wonderful how a few months after we were forced to cancel our pipeline with russia for `` european solidarity '' germany got its own ? 
  having their companies cheaply buy off major greek infrastructure , while closing down greek competition and keeping a country pretty much tied to their decisions ? 
  i think it has to do more with history . 
  if russia had fake armed insurgents in lithuania , it 'd be all over the news , especially seeing the media war between putin and the west . 
  that 's not insane ... that 's incompetent . 
  and that was n't varoufakis , that was another one of the greek delegates , who is still a minister . 
  varoufakis never even tried using grexit as a threat , as he knew schauble wanted it . 
  perhaps , but lithuania is one of the most anti-russian nations around , so i like to take anything they say with a bit of salt . 
  hundreds of jobs you say ? 
  in a country whose unemployment is increasing and whose unemployed are in the millions ? 
  that is nothing . 
  i was not reffering to the debt or the election . 
  i was reffering to the shuting down of the banks . 
  an epically huge difference , just like the one downvote on my comment . 
   fucking over an entire nation just to make a point is the sign of an egomaniacal narcissist . 
  which is precisely what merkel did to us ... 
  insane ?
