  global trade would notice , quite a lot , mainly because it would collapse overnight . 
  london is probably one of the world 's 3 most important cities and the only part of the uk that really matters . 
  wales on the other hand ... 
  this only goes to show how little you know about economics and the world in general . 
  just my five cents , but since france has only two major parties ( or had up until the fn popped into prominence ) being 3rd is n't a really big achievement . 
  it 's like being 3rd in the us , a whole lot of parties can claim to be in the top 10 there , but they have no real power . 
  hahah well played , bre . 
  your rakija is just fine though . 
  we want to file for bunkraptcy and/or return to the drachma . 
  at least those of us with a brain . 
  the referendum would show as much . 
  also it 's ruther funny to be lectured on free-loading by a welshman . 
  how are those funds from london-town coming along ? 
  you might have to suck on cornwall 's bollocks for a few pennies more . 
  we never wanted your bailouts . 
  check out leaked us diplomatic cables and you can confirm that everyone knew accepting a `` bailout '' would be salvation for northern european banks and death for the greek economy . 
  the americans thought it was so obvious we would say no , that they were pressing merkel to write off our debt to avoid a total collapse of the euro . 
  but then again it would take a prime minister with an iq above 30 to make that call and papandreou obviously was n't that man . 
  all of the romance languages , italian being a clear first , french being a close second . 
  i like greek a lot , i originally thought i was biased because it 's my own first language , but having heard a lot of languages it 's actually remarkably well sounding and structured . 
  the writing being super cool kinda helps . 
  hebrew also sounds nice because , like greek , it has smooth transitions between vowels and consonants and soft sounds , at least from what i 've ( over ) heard from a few israeli friends . 
  asian languages are funny , korean is definately my pick , though japanese writing is by far the coolest . 
  serbo-croat-bosnian is also kinda nice , though i generally consider slavic languages to be very heavy for my taste . 
  arabic has really neat writing , though it sounds horrible . 
  farsi ( persian ? ), 
  sounds and looks super cool . 
  german is absolutely brutal to listen to , but occasionally it has some really neat words and it 's made for metal . 
  vietnamese is absolutely hilarious , though the writing makes my head explode every time . 
  i give unto you [ this monstosity ] ( http://www.emporis.com/images/show/172203-large-exterior-street-level-view-from-kifissias-avenue.jpg ) which dares to exist in the same city as the parthenon . 
  all the buildings made by babis vavos are a worthy mention . 
  the whole point of a union , is dealing with one nation 's problems as collective problems and sharing collective rewards . 
  if we all thought that way the only countries whose problems and concerns actually mattered would be germany and franc - oh wait ... 
  they went back to your banks to save them from defaulting . 
  and that 's not me by the way , that 's something the german coalition government 's spd leader admitted . 
  figures . 
  the eu did n't conspire to ruin us , but they certainly had no problem with using us . 
  i firstly blame our gov ' t for putting us in a position to be exploited , but it says a lot about a man when they kick someone who 's on the floor and the same goes for nations . 
  indeed , it 's the interwar all over again . 
  it 's actually rather funny , greece 's financial data is the same as that of the weimar republic in a lot of cases . 
  who would think that those who suffered the treaty of versailles would impose it on another nation less than a century later ? 
  someone once said that history repeats itself as a parody of itself , but to me it 's starting to look like more of a badly written tragedy rip-off . 
  turkey was among the countries that caused the refugee flow by fuelling the civil war . 
  they 're hardly in a position to point fingers , if anything they should take all the refugees , but seeing how erdogan acts , turks might turn into refugees really soon . 
  which we never did ... 
  we do n't want money , we want you to let us declare bankruptcy already . 
  but then again , if you actually did some research you would know that . 
  also most of the money you gave us was used to save your own banks , only 12 % of it even reached us and you earned much more throug the infrastructure and resources that we were forced to sell to you at less than 1/100th of their value . 
  but i digress , you just prove my point . 
  nobody , right now . 
  for the eu parliament diem 25 ( varoufakis ' new party ) will get my vote , if they take part with candidates , but right now there is no single party in greece , at least none that i 've heard of , that would fit my idea of what is best for the nation . 
  even though i come from a very left wing family ( i have family members who got deported to concentration camps for left-wingers during the junta , fought for the democratic army in the civil war etc. 
  ) , i feel deeply disappointed with the greek left . 
  kke lost my respect ages ago , and the little respect that they had they had because of their past , not because of their present state . 
  syriza blew their own brains out with a gun and damaged the left not only in greece but in the other pigs countries as well . 
  if i do vote for somebody it will have to be a new party , not a part of the establishment , either in the centre or centre right . 
  the centre has always provided greece with its best leaders ( capodistrias , trikoupis , venizelos , plastiras ) so i have a bit of faith in them . 
  sadly the current union of centrists is a joke . 
  the centre-right also has some historic politicians ( tsaldaris being my favourite , papagos i do n't like a lot but i certainly respect ) , so i would n't mind voting for them , as long as they had a serious candidate . 
  i would n't think of going to the far-right , as they 're a bunch of clowns , and neither would most greeks , since we viciously hate fascists for historic reasons . 
  however , if the far-right got a `` serious '' or at least inspiring candidate i can guarantee that countless people would support him or her out of desperation . 
  i would n't , at least right now , but then again i never thought i 'd consider voting for anything but the left ten years ago . 
  sadly events are n't helping and with the other eu countries treating us like a used condom and the crisis depening constantly ( we 've gone from the country with the least suicides in europe to the one with the highest depression rates , in just 5 years ) i 'm afraid that many people would very well vote and even more would easily tolerate thugs like gd in power . 
  i just hope it never has to get there . 
  nazi salutes in the shade of the acropolis are an abomination as it is . 
  that or them getting butchered by the russians , but hopefully erdogan will not draw turkey into a bloody war turkey ca n't win in syria just for his own ego . 
  one can only hope turkey will drop its jingoism and go for peaceful relations with the balkan states . 
  sadly , that 's the world we live in . 
  i would say something along the lines of `` historians will look at them with disgust '' but such hypocrites will just shove this under the carpet and move on like nothing happened , wearing the mask of civilised and humanist europeans . 
  oh god . 
  well i certainly hope you guys get rid of erdogan soon and get somebody more democratic . 
  it would also be kinda good for us if we did n't have a warmongering tinpot dictator next door , we ca n't exactly spare money for defense xd, 
  you should have listened when we warned you , but hey that actually requires brains . 
  so when greece and italy were warning of it months ago , why did n't orban think to join in ? 
  european logic : - greece and italy have been warning of incoming refugee wave for months before it begun - nobody listens , demand greece cuts sepnding on border security , police etc. 
  - greece sees massive swarm of refugees , legally obliged to take them to islands by international law if found by coastguard , can not sink or push them back , thousands drown anyway - everyone blames greece for not being able to secure a coastline that 's slightly smaller to that of china , with no funds to spare for healthcare , let alone border control ... - everyone agrees to split refugees - everyone agrees to send help , but they actually send none . 
  of the 200 boats requested 12 are sent , a month late , and of the 15,000 personnel requested only 5,000 arrive , again late . 
  - countries like hungary , which are obliged to take a few thousand refugees only , break eu rules and agree with a non-eu country to close borders to trap refugees in an eu country . 
  - everyone hails them as heroes !, 
  why the heck are we even part of this joke of a union ? 
  i guess it 's because it 's the largest turkish newspaper , to our knowledge , so we see it as the most important paper in turkey . 
  you do n't have to like somebody in order to respect them , i guess that goes for news outlets too  do you have any better ones to recommend ? 
  that makes more sense . 
  well i was told second hand from somebody who was with me on the tour bus and did n't speak good english , because i was n't paying attention when the tour guide was speaking . 
  i was too invested in enjoying that sausage-in-bred thingy with the spicy sauce they served near munich 's train station . 
  asia minor , pontus and constantinople , due to the treaty of sevres . 
  also some from crete . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  that had been bugging me since 2010 xd, 
  true enough . 
  the idea of carving such a small continent into pieces is stupid as it is , if you ask me . 
  we 're all europeans anyway . 
  well we look up to you guys as the country that we should be like over here :d thing is , the homosexual thing goes the other way around ( we consider french people to be homosexuals ) but nobody older than primary school even cares about that . 
  we love serbia too !, 
  not fyrom though !, 
  i went to germant for vacation once and i from what i remember they still have a memorial flame to hitler in munich . 
  serious question , but how is that allowed ? 
  from what my german friends told me you have very strict anti-nazi laws . 
  we still have that sort of monolithic communists in greece , sadly . 
  i do n't agree with gd , nor do i support them , but in this case the mp did nothing wrong .
