  not involve ourselves in affairs not relating to the eu ( ukraine ) but we should in affairs relating to it ( cyprus ) . 
  easy enough , no ? 
  they voted against it 'cause the conditions allowed turkey to give no reparations and maintain its forces on the island . 
  so we should follow the concerns of some and not the others ? 
  alrighty , then !, 
  go forth and remove kebab !!!, 
  prepare for chvrch removal ivdaeo-heretic barbarian scvm !, 
  greece can not into ploutos . 
  we do ? 
  i 've never met a single neo-pagan in my life and i 'm from our biggest city . 
  it would be totally cool ( provided it 's a modern version without sacrifices , but offerings of sweets & wine instead etc ) . 
  it would also help take some power away from the church , which is always a good thing and we can finally return to the proper greek traditions of massive drunkness and bisex ( currently confined to the cyclades , student parties and occasional hardcore apokries celebrations ) . 
  edit : germaney , gib monies or face lightning by zeus . 
  so us lazy southern scoundrels are n't the only ones with economic problems ? 
  holy cow , what 's going on ? 
  no * we * retake constantinople !, 
  greece was under a us propped dictatorship at the time , not a legitimate gov ` t. 
  turkey 's legitimate gov ' t has made no efforts to withdraw or find a peaceful resolution for the independent cypriot gov ` t. 
  russian sanctions are just something the eu does 'cause of us influence . 
  it does n't benefit us europeans in any way and the eu has already shown how little it cares for solidarity . 
  next time , we should veto them . 
  yay !, 
  let 's waste more money on helping a non-eu country , while cyrpus ( an eu member ) is half-occupied by a country we make refugee deals with . 
  sorry about that , kapodistrias was n't exactly a quick man . 
  but he certainly knew how to get a job done . 
  at least he does n't claim to know everything , unlike the bremain supporters . 
  any exceptionalism is moronic in my book , tbh xd, 
  as genetic data proves , mostly . 
  and armenians , assyrians , jews etc. 
  did people honestly think a few nomads managed to overpopulate a nation that had been in the region for milennia within a few centuries ? 
  europe is n't one nation , america is . 
  nasa had engineers from many different countries but it was american organisation , resources and funding that proped it all up . 
  papanikolaou was greek , but if it was n't for the us for him to move to , we would have never had the pap-test for women 's breast cancer . 
  america is a nation of immigrants , especially from europe . 
  the whole point of it is , that various people move there , renounce their former identities and become american for a new life . 
  we could beat them if we united into one nation , but we are not a nation , we are a variety of them , just like the italian cities and tribes willingly became roman after a while , but the greek city states did not wish to unite , even theough they recognized that they were all greek . 
  will we ` lose ' in the same way , if we do n't unite ? 
  probably . 
  but , a forced union is just as bad , if not worse than , a willing disunion . 
  the deference being that germany lost danzig through an internationally legal and legitimate , albeit horrible , treaty and kosovo was created illegally as a us satellite state . 
  realpolitik 's a bitch . 
  and scientific discoveries ( guess who broke the atom and put a man on the moon ? ) . 
  this is the kind of stuff that leaves a mark in history . 
  usa is like the spqr . 
  sure , the greek city state of say delphi might have had a better average quality of life than that of rome , like norway has one superior to usa , but how many people remember and get inspired from rome and how many delphi ? 
  at the end of the day , if the us plays its cards right it can surpass norway in most categories it 's lagging behind , or advance to a reasonable degree . 
  the other way around , ca n't happen though . 
  perhaps . 
  but we 're talking about the world we live in , not the one we would like to live in and so far russia has only been of assistance to us . 
  [ in fact , if it were up to them and the austrians we would have done away with the turks far sooner . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_plan ), 
  you do know i would like it for us to be indpendent either way right ? 
  russian rule would just be slightly better , that 's all . 
   as if greece does n't have any plans to invade turkey . 
  we do n't . 
  invading turkey would be suicide . 
  we can barely hold off a turkish invasion as it is , if it were to happen . 
   we still remember greece 's role in harboring pkk 's leader ocalan who was and is the # 1 enemy of turkey . 
  it was countermeasures for the fires , imia and cyprus . 
   based on / r/europe 's greek redditors and several personal experience , i beg to differ . 
  look at your fellow citizen 's comments in just some turkey related threads in this subreddit anecdotal evidence does n't count . 
  if you look at opinion polls , we do n't have a problem with you . 
  by that logic , the fact that i have half a dozen turkish friends and once had a turkish girlfriend must mean we love eachother beyond all doubt . 
   make statements about how istanbul is a rightfully greek city . 
  the difference being that your statement was made by your pm in an official capacity . 
   trouble in the aegean last time i checked the aegean islands were greek , so guess who has a right to fly over them . 
  did i forget to mention the casus belli you have on us for something which is legal by international law ? 
  well , it 's not us who fly over your islands every other day , had a plan to invade you in the early 2000s , admitted to setting fire to half of your country in that same decade and have our pm make official statements claiming your second largest city . 
  nobody in greece hates turks . 
  we more of wish they 'd stop being so agressive . 
   ancient greek gods are way cooler , though . 
  sorry , had to say that . 
  no prob , i agree . 
   the problem here is imo , eu countries should prioritize its members first . 
  i 'd support greece before turkey just because greece 's in eu and turkey is not . 
  that 's an important value of eu in my opinion . 
  but i 'm not very fond of some ` orthodox brotherhoods ' or sth like that with russia , which breaks the unity of eu . 
  as the union is ( ideally ) about common values , i guess , but that 's difficult to ask from a union where we 've been in for a few decades , over the history of centuries of our nations true enough . 
  we celebrated it then anyway . 
  we did n't switch because of the turks , we switched following the proclamation of the second republic in 1924 , long after we regained independence . 
  we 've abandond the megali idea since a long time ago . 
  it 's not us who constantly cause trouble in the aegean and make statements about how thessaloniki is a rightfully turkish city . 
  i too agree that being closed to the world economy is backwards . 
  as for nato , however , the causes for our dislike of it are mainly rooted in the junta , imia and the cyprus dispute . 
  i meant the shorelines mostly , but true enough xd, 
  turkey left us depopulated , underdevelopped , corrupted and with tons of ethnic cleansing . 
  russia ( in most cases the soviets , not the czars ) gave people lots of that last one , but at least they had some degree of religious freedom , infrastructure development and education . 
  i would take russia over turkey any day . 
  russia has traditionally been our ally and friend against turkey . 
  sorry for valuing a historic ally who 's practically never harmed us . 
  how is that a surprise ? 
  italy and france are synonymous with high cuisine and since italy is entirely in the mediterranean ( `` mare nostrum '' , anyone ? ), 
  their food is more varied and better ( at least by my mediterranean taste ) . 
  if the best restaurant was , say , german or british , that would be a surprise . 
  shhh do n't say that , germany is completely productive , incorruptible and infallible , remember ? 
  yes , great idea , let 's fill all our already overpopulated jails with migrants . 
  yeah what about those stuck here ? 
  they ai n't seem to be leaving anytime soon . 
  greece is western europe and we 're far from saved . 
  screw greece , right ?
