  oh come on man , we all agree that putin is illegally invading ukraine but if you 're trying to imply that isis was a kgb creation that 's just stupid ... not in the least bit because isis was greatly helped by american arms supplies to the region . 
  it would become a freaking paradise !, 
  we 'd have to execute kafros by firing squad though . 
  [ well let 's just say that 's not so out of character for us ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trial_of_the_six ), 
  sooo paying for the food bills while we become a dumping ground for thousands of desperate people sounds like unity and brotherhood to you ? 
  no matter how much money you give us , securing our borders is impossible both due to their scale and international law . 
  i understand your viewpoint , but you need to see that at this point and time it 's no longer a matter of what the refugees should have done but of what they have done : they crossed over . 
  we should distribute them across europe , not let all of them in one country , whether that 's greece or germany , for practical reasons . 
  right now we do n't even have camps to hold them in . 
  building them would take months , maybe even years . 
  what do you suggest we do until then ( honest question , no sarcasm ) ? 
  better than killing them . 
  i just hope you do n't end up in the same place as them one day . 
   most of europes population is against taking more illegal immigrants and fake refugees who abuse the asylum system . 
  it 's just politicians who are disconnected from reality and radical leftists like yourself who are in favor of this insanity . 
  right , because most europeans are totally ultra-right supporters ... and what would a person connected to reality do ? 
  sink boats full of women and children ? 
   greece is just in an unfortunate geographical location , but if you do n't want to or ca n't enforce your borders and wo n't accept help to do so , then greece will have to become a giant refugee camp unfortunately . 
  the balkan countries have my full support 110 % . 
  greece and italy were asking for help months before the crisis started and we warned of it repeatedly . 
  but nations such as finalnd and the balkans were among the first to reject such ideas . 
  we are required to by international law to save sinking refugees in our waters . 
  if your idea of enforcing borders is sinking boats full of women and children , you should seriously consider visiting a psychiatrist . 
   fear ? 
  i am just saying that it 's unlikely this plan with turkey will work . 
  it 's all horseshit like before , unless the migrants leave voluntarily there 's nothing the eu can do under current legislation . 
  `` leave voluntarily '' yeah 'cause somebody who just spent their life savings and went through immense suffering to get here is totally gon na say `` screw this , living under isis/taliban/anarchy is so much better ! '', 
  yeah right , 'cause the first thing refugees fleeing war are going to do is create an army to invade the fatherland , like they have nothing better to do . 
  in what universe does 14-17 classify as fighting age ? 
  and `` please note that a lot of people who claim they are 14 or below are actually over 18 . '', 
  is n't much of an arguement to be honest . 
   to start off we could suspend or change outdated international laws that are currently being exploited to the hilt by economic migrants . 
  yeah , right , good luck getting the un to change its charter 'cause a bunch of eastern european countries are too afraid of burkas to take refugees , even though they were europe 's primary source of refugees for decades . 
  if it were n't for laws like these , countries like hungary would disenfranchise all refugees by dismissing them as illegal immigrants , like you do . 
   the us and islamists created isis . 
  my country finland had nothing to do with it , i do n't share your guilt , my conscience is clear . 
  my country , greece , had nothing to do with either . 
  but isis was created by the west , including many eu countries , and we are both part of the eu . 
   how can i have proof of something that has n't happened yet ? 
  i can only base my predictions on the information i have available . 
  if something has n't happened yet and there 's no proof other than your `` predictions '' that it 's going to , then it does n't classify as a rational fear . 
  what a lovely spirit of brothership and european unity !, 
  how about we stuff all the refugees in slovakia ? 
  letting oenstate have all the refugees is better than all of europe having them , by your logic . 
  also , just because a great number are n't refugees , does n't negate the fact that the rest are . 
  pledging support is n't how i would describe a public call to close their borders to greece , but hey , sabotaging another eu country might be considered ok by austrian moral standards . 
  there 's [ this dialogue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euthyphro ) of socrates and an athenian who held the same logic as that guy , that all `` religion = morality '' guys should really read ... 
  indeed . 
  hopefully we 'll be able to avoid a return to the dark ages . 
  redistributing refugees based on population is worse than letting one state handle them all ? 
  now , that sounds perfectly reasonable !, 
   yes that 's a good start , but we should really help greece enforce their sea border as well . 
  how do you exactly propose we do that , without beaching international law ? 
   are you saying they would be better off if we let isis take over ? 
  we created isis . 
  how do you think they got all their weapons ? 
  also european bombardments were largely ineffective . 
  the russians did most of the work , still isis has regained almsot as many men as it has lost , because the more you bomb people , the more you radicalise them . 
   that 's the theory , i doubt it will happen though . 
  doubts are not proof of anything . 
  as of now we have a deal that should logically work . 
  doubting it 's effectiveness 'cause you do n't want it to work is immature , at best . 
   people who call migrants refugees are typically very emotionally involved and ignore all evidence that goes against their ideals . 
  indeed . 
  but i do n't call migrants refugees . 
  unlike either lot , i draw a distinction between the two . 
  as i said the immigrants are being sent back . 
  do you have a statistic for `` fighting age males '' ? 
  there are always misanthropes who do n't miss a chance to promote resorting to violence , but it 's our duty as a civilised society ( or rather a set of them ) to ignore them and do the right thing . 
  the worrysome thing is their growing number . 
  after all it 's rather easy to demand that greeks and italians sink boats from the comfort of , say , brussels , budapest or vienna . 
   i 'd prefer a european solution , one where we do n't have to rely on islamists like erdogan and give visa free travel to turks . 
  like the one which the eastern europeans and austria blocked ? 
   we 're not returning any migrants , we 're swapping them . 
  you do realise that except syrian refugees ( who actually deserve our help , since it was european weapons and bombardments that ruined their country ) everyone else is being sent back , right ? 
  then again that would require you to have done your homework and in my experience , very few people who call refugees `` migrants '' ever do that . 
  i do n't know about the migrants , it 's the refugees that concern me . 
  also , can you give me a statistic for that , please ? 
  it 's tragic and funny at the same time . 
  something tells me this sort of people would be the first to flee their country if a war broke out or a crisis occured . 
  small men always hide behind big words . 
  this subreddit never fails to amaze . 
  when we do n't have a deal they demand that refugees be sent back to turkey by the greek coastguard , or stopped in any other way possible ( maybe we should ask the nordics to fetch a kraken ? ), 
  and once we get an internationally legal , decent deal to send them back they start rumbling about how it 's not going to work or how this deal is a fiasco etc. 
  what do you people even want ? 
  make up your damn minds . 
  you ca n't expect turkey to take them back out of the goodness of their hearts and you ca n't just kill them , so this is the best and only chance we 've got at actually dealing with this crisis without turning the treaty of schengen into toilet paper . 
  seriously , stop acting like spoiled brats , turkey 's gov ' t is n't a humanitarian ngo , they need incentives to work with us , trust me , we have to deal with their casus belli and rampant jingoism on a daily basis . 
  you can see their banners , they 're literally an army band . 
  judging by the uniforms , they 're with the army 's honour guard , no less . 
  actually , the image of athens most greeks have is syntagma square . 
  most tourists think of the parthenon 'cause that 's the place they visit the most , but our lot goes through or near syntagma every day ( not by coincidence , it 's at the city 's centre thanks to the urban plan of 1834 ) . 
   i do n't want you to get swamped , but i want us get swamped so that you do n't even less . 
  so you do want us to get swamped , to save yourself . 
  logic would dictate that since those `` welfare states '' failed to help us when it was needed , now they should take the refugees , as agreed upon during the eu summit . 
  the turkish deal is our only chance to get any meaningful progress . 
  the `` pacific solution '' is non-enforcable , unless you want large scale crimes against humanity on your hands . 
  life in a country on the brink of civil war where police regularly abused them is less bad ? 
  also , with what means will they go back to turkey ? 
  and with what money ?
