  how about we all strive for a better future for all instead of an equally bad one ? 
   greekier yeah try asking for registered work . 
  they 'll tell you to fuck off . 
  when taxes are so high , it 's counter-intuitive for business to even do registered work . 
  back then we were fully capable of retaliating . 
  even now , a fight between us would be a stalemate . 
  you do know we have one of the lowest birth rates in europe , right ? 
  the government 's authority derives from the monarchy . 
  elections are also legitimatised through the crown 's approval . 
  royalty is the equivalent of constitutional legitimacy in commonwealth countries . 
  it is far more than a word , contrary to what you 'd like it to be . 
  their superiors get their authority from whom exactly ? ... 
  it 's wishful thinking f you believe that officers who have sworn loyalty to the crown will abandon it that easily . 
  the crown , to the british , is not just an old lady and her family ; it is what the state 's legitimacy derives from . 
  just like soldiers in any modern , western republic will not betray popular sovereignty overnight , commonwealth troops will not betray crown sovereignty regardless of what a referendum 's result is . 
  if soldiers no longer wish to defend the crown , they are free to leave the military , but units sworn to defend the crown can never just `` change sides '' to some other authority . 
  unless the uk devolves into civil war or the crown releases them from their oath , that is . 
   ordering all military and police units in scotland to either declare loyalty to new government or leave the territory . 
  you do realise that all units in the uk 's armed forces , just like those of the commonwealth , owe their allegiance to the queen , not to any one government ? 
  those forces are as good as gone , the moment scotland declares independence ; they 'll have to make a brand new army . 
  if you ever come down here again , i 'll buy you some ouzo . 
  rule britannia !, 
  what is this bullshit ? 
  any recent poll will tell you greeks are among the most euroskeptic of european peoples . 
   you just blame the us for every disaster that has struck this country . 
  yes , i totally blamed the us for the asia minor catastrophe , the national schism , the great famine and - oh wait , i did n't . 
   that 's such a greek thing to do , blaming others . 
  nice self-flagellation , if you keep it up you might get admitted into the northern european master race . 
   so do you live in ukraine and know first hand that ukranian nationalists attack greeks ? 
  news my dear , news . 
   maybe on star channel you sound like a regular viewer . 
  laughing at his own jokes ... pathetic ...  that 's irrelevant , but greek ancestry does n't make you greek , because then it would be normal to call norwegians danish . 
  greek ancestry and culture makes you a greek national . 
  greece is n't a multicultural shithole , only those descended from greeks can be greeks . 
   also , greek nationalists are the bigger bastards in europe , but that 's not a reason for someone to invade us . 
  greek nationalists ? 
  as in greeks who want greece to be a seprate nation-state ? 
  well damn , i guess we ought to rejoin the ottoman empire then . 
   times have changed , religion does not play such an important place in people 's lives ( mainly in the west at least ) . 
  maybe not in your life , but modern greece is for all intents and purposes culturally byzantine . 
  you can go on freely being a wannabe-westerner , but for the vast majority of us ( even greek atheists like me ) orthodoxy is a very important cultural basis . 
   how can greece see an ally in putin ? 
  how can we not ? 
   russia fucked up ukraine because ... well ukraine did not like russia . 
  we are not ukraine , in case you have n't noticed . 
  ukrainian nationalists are attacking the local greek minority . 
   what a nice reason to invade a country . 
  whereas the junta , civil war , cyprus invasion and all the other things the us has done to us are justified . 
  just like the don pacifino affair . 
   hey are orthodox !, 
  ! they are our brothers !, 
  indeed . 
   perhaps you have not heard of the killing off of all the intelligentsia and oponents of russia in all of eastern europe . 
  soviet russia , imperial russia and federal russia are very , very different states . 
   he massive deportations of the chechens , tatars , etc greece has not suffered under russian occupation so has little experience of that which makes it quite naive . 
  all of which were not in the balkans . 
  you have not suffered repeated genocides from the ottomans , nor the complete destruction of infrastructure and education we suffered from them , so you can go around and make ludicrous assertions like `` the russians were worse than the ottomans '' . 
  even the soviets were better than the ottomans . 
  modern russia ( or imperial russia for that matter ) is apparently the dictatorial soviet union ... 
  the shit i hear on this sub ... 
  i am a centre-leftist . 
  i have no idea how you pulled all that out of your ass ... 
  i never claimed the un is leftist ... 
  i also do n't believe in providing evidence from partisan sources . 
   let me remind you the battle of navarino guess who was part of that fleet ...  i do n't support them with that kapodistrias issue though , but i also have to remind you thah kapodistrias was killed by greek men . 
  kindly cared for by our noble allies . 
   has spain ever mistreated us?has mali ever mistreated us?has vietnam ever mistreated us?no?then they 're our new brothers !, 
  vietnam and greece have long cultural connections , it is known . 
   the only thing we have common with russians and serbs is orthodox christianity which is quite a big thing . 
  syriza are putinists now ? 
  romanian anti-russia paranoia has reached new heights . 
  lol that 's what they also say about the contras , right ? 
   greeks and cypriots are idiots man.the only and only reason they support russia is because they are orthodox.yeah you read it right.because of their religious sect . 
  along with the fact that russia & serbia have never mistreated us , supported kapodistrias ( whom the uk & france assassinated ) , is very culturally close to us and they are opposed to countries who have fucked us over really badly in the past . 
   in fact every time in history they intervened for so called orthodox rights in the ottoman empire they ended up conquering those lands and being more oppressive then the freaking turks . 
  oh really ? 
  when was the last time russian enforced a genocide against balkan peoples ? 
  oh wait , never . 
  russians were 1000 times better than the ottomans . 
  very , in matters of state security . 
  geography class in grade 8 ( 2nd grade of gymnasium ) . 
  of course , anything that disturbs our lord and saviour , the usa , is obviously a russian fake . 
  apparently , russia now has control over the greek public prosecutor 's office . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  european powers have mistreated greece long before the ruskies ( if the ruskies have ever mistreated us to begin with ) . 
  i have no intention of submitting my country to either one of those wolf-packs . 
   phenomena phenomenon , you mean . 
  - on is a neuter singular suffix , - a is a neuter plural suffix . 
  source : greekness . 
  to be fair , the largest wave of migration was post-wwii which was n't * our * fuck-up . 
  they used to tell us that in school ... 
  screw the eu military , they 'd be just as bad . 
  what we need is independence . 
  along with the greek justice system . 
  i never claimed they are the same thing . 
  unless you can quote me on that , of course . 
  or [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374 ) ? 
  or operation gladio ? 
  or any latin american junta ever ? 
  translation : https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nooz.gr%2fgreece%2fupoklopes-parapompi-praktoron-kai-karximaki tl ; dr : cia agents and members of the eyp ( greece 's national intelligence agency , which was founded by and operates very closely with the usa 's cia , effectively being owned & literally paid by the us for decades up until andreas papandreou abandoned that policy ) have been accused of conspiring to assassinate former greek prime minister konstantinos alexandrou karamanlis ( edit : of the nd party ) due to a planned energy ( oil & natural gas ) cooperation with russia .
