  secondly you do n't have any arguements , germany is morally bankrupt . 
  i never personally attacked you , i pointed out the hypocrisy in your actions , just like alleguet ( who has owned you repeatedly ) did before . 
  you still have n't even responded to that . 
  funny to see you go back to full confident-know-it-all keyboard warrior once you think you 're winning . 
  we would n't mind 1492 , the despotate of the morea , the duchy of athens and the empire of trebizond were still around :d, 
  make them pay ? 
  it seems to me more like without the uk the eu is nothing . 
  angela merkel has no power over eu foreign policy , unless you claim that the eu is germany 's iv reich or something . 
  why would they pay ? 
  they are a sovereign state and they can manage their own affairs . 
  without this joke of a union they 're still a unsc permanent member and a major world power . 
  germany on the other hand ... 
  the very fact that they breach eu law is illegal , you do n't need further proof of corruption . 
  besides , why would they harbour a wanted criminal , if they were n't corrupt ? 
  it 's not like christoforakos is a german , he 's a greek national , wanted by the greek authorities for very real and internationally accepted crimes . 
  did he also ban vw cars ? 
  sorry , had to do it . 
  you guys are the master removers . 
  maybe we should time travel and fetch some of you to constantinople in 1453 . 
  where else will you get your daily dose of reasons to lose faith in humanity ? 
  european humanism in action : if all else fails , blame the weakest guy in the room . 
  renzi and hollande are socialists ? 
  in what universe ? 
  why did the americans even forgive you guys ? 
  they should have let the soviets reach the rhine and wreck havock to everything east of it . 
  it seems that neither the allies ' kindness after wwii nor their severity in versailles taught you lot anything . 
  no wonder frederick the great loved his dogs more than people , if this is the sort of people that surrounded him . 
  funny how the us rebuilt germany and wiped away their debts and forced small countries like ours , to which they owed billions , to not demand their owed reparations . 
  instead of giving us a hand since we had to borrow billions to rebuild our nation , they slam their foot on our face and say that `` debts must be paid '' . 
  yeah , says the country that never paid its debts to humanity for 2 world wars . 
  how could they have learned their lesson when instead of being punished for wwii they got american protection and free cash to turn their country into a paradise ? 
  we should have listened to the british and leveled their entire industry and let them be occupied by the french , maybe then they 'd show an ounce of fucking human decency and compassion . 
  `` pay your debts '' well , yeah maybe if they had n't destroyed 99 % of our infrastructure , stolen all our immense gold reserves ( which they still have btw ) and not murdered 1/10th of our population while plunging us into instability for decades , we would n't have needed debts to build roads and a semblance of a modern economy . 
  sometimes i think europe would be better under us rule . 
  the americans help the poorer states in their union by sending industries and jobs their way , they do n't milk them for money and treat them like second rate human beings and then claim to be saviours . 
  hopefully , but it 's becoming less believable by the day . 
  fine by me . 
  let 's do balkan war iii : the final removal of kebab, 
  being under someone 's rule is n't exactly the same as being able to decide for them . 
  not even all of venice is to blame , it 's affairs got decided by 2000 nobles . 
  just like not all of austria is to blame , the hre 's affairs were run by a certain number of inbred nobles . 
  then again the whole remove kebab thing is little more than a meme , so this convo is getting way too serious for that sort of thing , do n't you think ? 
  nafplio 's probably my favourite greek city :d, 
  verona , on the other hand , had nothing to with it . 
  so a guy working for a infamous german company that has been involved in countless scandals ( even being convicted by the us supreme court ) flees greek authorities searching for him for immense corruption scandals , directly linked a large part of the greek debt , flees to germany . 
  germany is supposed to extradite him as per eu treaties and it 's almost certain his testimony would shatter confidence in siemens and other german businesses ... the german constitutional court magically goes around eu laws and decides he does n't have to be extradited . 
  not suspicious at all !, 
  that just serves to prove that the german government benefits from greek corruption ... 
  right back at ya . 
  the same austrians who took part in the 4th crusade that let the kebab in , in the first place ? 
  they had it coming , if you ask me . 
  oh ok thnx for clearing it up . 
  italians removing kebab ? 
  serbia and greece just found a third member for their love triangle and armenia had an orgasm !, 
  bligh me , my bad . 
  from what i 've been told be people from serbia and croatia all former yugoslav countries ( except fyrom ) can understand eachother since they speak dialects of the same language . 
  i guess my comment only applies to serbo-croat then ? 
  such a majestic union full of the `` european ideals '' eu officials always blabber about !, 
  hopefully one day somebody shoves a big wall on their borders when they 're in need of help , then they 'll get a good dose of proper european humanism !, 
  continent of voltaire and augustine , my ass !, 
  not claim that you gave it to us , like that guy above did ? 
  that 's pretty standard for all military/law enforcement . 
  the vast majority of people did n't vote at all . 
  to quote wikipedia : `` turnout was exceptionally low at 56.6 % , the lowest ever recorded in a greek legislative election since the restoration of democracy in 1974 . '', 
  30 % of 43.4 % voted for tsipras . 
  and most just did to avoid nd getting back in power . 
  supposedly in four years , if you ask me , probably in may . 
  we have n't had a stable government in forever . 
  please annex them asap !, 
  the uk 's recognition of it as macedonia is against eu protocol , but nobody has taken the time to do anything about it . 
  we have slightly more pressing issues . 
  how we treat our neighbours ? 
  fyrom 's president admitted that we 're their cloest ally a week ago . 
  bulgaria has a treaty of friendship and cooperation with us . 
  albania has no right to talk about immigrants , the number of albanians in greece is equal to 1/5 of albania 's population . 
  and since we `` blame everyone else '' how are we to blame ? 
  for a refugee crisis started by british , german , american and french weapons in a far-away country that we have no way of stopping ? 
  you ex-yugo guys practically speak the same language ... even if you do n't want to admit it . 
  imf cheerleaders would be at 40 % ( not even really , most of them are just scared old people who believe the media , so it 's more like 25 % ) and neo-nazis are 7 % . 
  these monolithic commies are at around 3 % . 
  still , we 're pretty carpet-bombable , all we need to do is find some oil reserves and democracy shall be reintroduced to its country of origin , alla americana . 
  seeing how , according to statistics , most eu countries outside of greece see greeks in a bad light , i 'm not entirely sure they would really mind leaving us to rot . 
  they 're more concerned with their image getting harmed , than actually helping us . 
  i just hope that you 're right . 
  this thread was made for him xd, 
  sometimes i want to demolish any building built after the 1960s in athens and just rebuild all of suburbia . 
  especially suicidal people . 
  he classifies as more of an ass than an artist . 
  if crappy buildings are the way to becoming a major civilisation again , i guess . 
  to quote mikeius : `` at least we know who to send the anthrax-filled folder to . '', 
  `` fallen a bit far '' that 's a bit of an understatement xd, 
  wow ... 
  someone call that half of slovakia 'cause mussolini 's gon na sue them over copyright infringement !, 
  no offense mate , but i have no idea what you just said . 
  care to exlain it in broader terms ? 
  indeed , you guys are true brothers . 
  defaulting is something which any state can do and wipes away debts . 
  reverting to the drachma is not related to the debts , it 's a way to make greece 's market more enticing for investments and her products more competitive . 
  the referendum is an integral part of any democracy and it proved that we have no wish for your money . 
  greek shipping magnates control 1/5 of world trade and piraeus is the largest port in europe and the 2nd largest in the world .
