  nato did n't though , 
  depends on whether you think building a wall is a good idea , 
  prohibitive tax rates are n't helping either . 
  many business owners who legitiamtely want to keep their business in greece and pay taxes can not , because among our other crazy taxes we have one which literally forces them to pay taxes for their entire earnings for this year and the enxt year in advance . 
  where will they find that money ? 
  if you ever find a healthy greece , please do give me a call , mate , no offense xd, 
  it 's better than the goats erdy likes , 
   not for long times , but they send money back to their parents . 
  and in vacations they come back . 
  so the money flows back . 
  and what happens to the population of countries with lots of migration ? 
  and not as much money flows back ...  and no , the majority of eastern europeans are not unskilled labourers . 
  there 's no need for that in western europe . 
  so the majority of eastern europeans are doctors and engineers ? 
   still , that does n't mean that greece has now earned the right to keep on living on standards of government-jobs-for-everyone and pay-taxes-when-you-feel-like-it . 
  i really do wonder where people get that idea ... most major tax evaders are rich people , especially those who support eu policies . 
  as for state employees , most greeks support firing tons of them , since they are mainly the guys who supported those corrupt gov ` ts . 
  sure we 're at fault here , i do n't want debt forgiveness . 
  but the way things are going we ca n't pay our debts back . 
  most people have the erroneous idea that we all somehow had villas and yaughts . 
  the reality is , that the `` gifts '' were a standard of living slightly below the european average and major public works to facilitate industry . 
  our two major sources of debt are : private loans of major capital holders ( shipping magnates etc. ), 
  which were integrated into public debt by their friends in gov ' t and defence and infrastructure spending that had lots of overspending due to corruption . 
  i have yet to meet a greek who surfed around in private yaughts and lived the `` good life '' during the `` golden age '' of the 2000s . 
  just because our traditionally poor country considers an average western european standard of living something great , does n't mean we had something which western europeans themselves would consider extraordinary . 
  so in short : `` yes what 's happening is horrible , but as long as we can pretend that it 's helping , it 's all fine . '', 
  seriously , why do n't people just give up and just outright say `` lol get wrekt suckers . '', 
  in the current state , they do not . 
  besides , the majority of eastern europeans are unskilled labourers . 
  `` relations will be negatively affected . '', 
  they already have a casus belli on us , i 'm not sure how more negative they can get . 
  none of our problem . 
  unless they own us , we 'll call it whatever we want . 
  in our case it does n't , since it 's mostly young , highly skilled people , with little intention of going back . 
  we call it byzantium occasionally , but when we usually say byzantium , we mean the byzantine empire . 
  at least we can cooperate in something xd, 
  we are , as a matter of fact . 
  the sad thing the this surplus is not reached by growing our economy , it 's reached by reducing it . 
  we 'll be back in crap in 6 months max :(, 
   do austerity and slowly get your finances under control . 
  the whole idea that greatly reducing your citizens ' income will somehow increase your tax revenue is absolutely moronic . 
  taxation is like a gauss curve . 
  we 're on the bad side . 
   or stop austerity and default on your loans . 
  i guess the middle ground of reduce taxes to a minimum , revert to the drachma and slash the public sector , with a pause in interest rates for a bit so investors gain some confidence in us , is too much to ask for . 
  then the goal is n't being reached anytime soon . 
  our economy is shrinking and we 'll be able to pay neither interest not the debt itself . 
  coming from germany , you should know all about unpayble debts , 
  solving debt with more debt ... 
  i 'm not an econonmist but i 'm not sure it would work . 
  besides , everyone would throw so many tariffs on us , it 'd be hell . 
  constantinople was founded on the site of byzantium , an ancient greek colony settled by megara . 
  not knowing proper history seems to be a balkan thing . 
  i never claimed that . 
  if you 're going to construct strawman arguements , you 're welcome to do that somewhere else . 
  like they did in imia ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i hope the eu stands behind us :(, 
   you are partially wrong again . 
  employment rate for people between 15 and 64 increased by 1,7 % in one year ( when i look at eurostat figures for 1q2015 and 1q2016 ) . 
  you are completely wrong because i never mentioned youth unemployemnt . 
  also , many of our youth work without pay . 
   you have emigration , yes . 
  to stop emigration , you need low unemployment , good wages and calm society . 
  you speak with person from post-commie country , we know everything about emigration . 
  and guess what 's not a good way to get those things ? 
  austerity . 
   really , listen to me , greeks now can \u00b4 t make any mistake . 
  don \u00b4 t endanger this positive developemnt by some stupidity of yours . 
  pray hard that greek economy recovers before some new worldwide or euwide crisis comes . 
  because next time , your country can get it even worse . 
  i agree . 
  but we are making a mistake : it 's called austerity . 
  and forgiving germany 's ww debts was an `` obvious moral hazard '' but versailles taught us that there 's greater hazards . 
  indeed . 
  but if a mountainous northern region has to be compared to a maritime southern country , you know there 's something problematic . 
  besides bavaria is a state , greece is a country . 
  this was n't aimed at you . 
  just a note to people in general . 
  seeing how many downvotes even that comment got , apparently they are n't listening . 
  check the [ rate of migration for young greeks ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/19/young-talented-greek-generation-g-worlds-biggest-brain-drain ) and the rate of people going into pension . 
  subtract those and you 'll see it 's rising . 
  your optimism is unwarranted . 
  which would be great if we had any good news anytime soon . 
  tell that to all the eu austerity fanboys . 
  apparently , making a mistake justifies getting forced to oblivion for centuries to come . 
  i 'm not against repaying the debt . 
  i 'm against enforcing policies that make the debt unpayble . 
  if you consider this whining , you need to go back to high school economics . 
  evidently . 
  why would we translate the name of a city we founded to a foreign conqueror 's language ? 
  besides , greek nouns ( edit : & adjectives and participles ) have declension and you ca n't easily form declension for foreign words . 
  yes . 
  40 years ago , courtesy of the usa . 
  please do n't . 
  last time you did , western europe destoryed byzantium and with it , tons of graeco-roman art , philosophy and the last remnant of the classical world . 
   the greek economy is apparently turning for the better , the rock bottom was hit and surpasssed . 
  with growing economy , unemployment rate should slowly decrease too ( unemployment is delayed by around 2 quartals behind development of real gdp ) . 
  our uneployment is growing and our gdp is falling . 
  how is that getting `` better ? '',
