   iceland didnt crash because it did n't pay back its debts . 
  dutch and german taxpayers paid the bill . 
  seeing how much they 've already gained from our crisis , i 'd say i 'm all for biting them in the ass iceland style . 
  i really do n't get regressives ... merkel ca n't stop self-flagulating over something that happened half a century ago but she ca n't bring her self to admit that she made mistakes in her foreign policy , refugee policy etc a year ago . 
  then again if she did , she might keep apologising for another 50 years and ignore whatever issues her country has then , so it 's a catch 22 . 
   asparuh is the founder of bulgaria , 681ad yep , bulgaria has plenty of important ancient history , unlike fyrom . 
  i would n't mind paeonia , vardarska etc. 
  i would even be slightly open to north macedonia , but some of the nationalists might start claiming that `` southern macedonia is illegally occupied by greece '' etc. 
  i know . 
  we have jokes about that in greece actually . 
  an albanian friend told me a really good one the other day : `` why are there more tourists than albanians in tirana ? 
  'cause they all went to greece . '', 
  mate , why did you betray a fellow southern banana republic ? 
  we do n't want them in the eu unless they change their name , remember ? 
  traitor, 
   albania lol , if you think people are complaining about immigrants from poorer eu countries , wait 'till albania , bosnia etc. 
  join . 
  ca n't wait for the racist magazine covers about `` albanian thieves , '' `` bosnian gangsters '' etc. 
  i should give this man reddit gold , but i 'm greek so i do n't have any . 
  ok sorry in advance mate ( but not really sorry , you brought this upon yourself ) but i have to say this : * draws breath * * former yugoslav republic of macednia ( ftfy ) . 
  carry on . 
   bear 's breech ( acanthus mollis ) we have a lot of them here , but i never knew that . 
  now i know what 's really in those `` fish '' fingers . 
  try some custard with 'em . 
  athenians and ... well athenians . 
  we feel ya . 
   texas was n't unrecognized . 
  it was an independent country for nine years my bad . 
  for every rule , there 's an exception  still , it was n't a nation . 
  when did i mention greece ? 
  why does it always boil down to a `` your country '' arguement ? 
   the misery of greece is primary the fault of greece i never said anything contradictory to that and i believe that myself . 
   its inability to reform define reform . 
  'cause right now all i 'm seeing is a moronic , self-destructive monetary policy imposed & designed abroad with no hope of paying back our debt . 
   this inability is seen in other european countries , even wealthy ones . 
  we need to have exercise some basic economic understanding and adopt a model that functions longer term , not just until next bail out or debt payment . 
  agreed . 
  but the eurocrats would never allow that . 
   who lied about being strong since you 're indirectly speaking about greece , when did we pretend to have a gdp , army or diplomatic influence the size of france/germany/the uk ? 
  i know that in your country a toilet is akin to a luxury ( or used to be before eu funding ) but our false growth data is hardly `` pretending to be strong . '', 
  and , for what it 's worth , that fake data was done by gov ` ts in secret from the voting public . 
  so no , i nor any other greek voter did not falsify any data . 
  the politicians strong eu members are supporting to keep the current state of affairs going did . 
  and since you immediately went personnal , mentioning greece , i 'll throw another greece example around . 
  last year greece had a deal with russia for a pipeline . 
  we cancelled it due to eu ( especially german ) pressure for `` european solidarity . '', 
  recently , germany got its own pipeline agreement with russia . 
  what does that say to you about eu `` solidarity ? '', 
  as for the bailout , many an economist , germans included , will tell you that germany gained much more than it lost from the whole affair . 
  but carry on , lick the boots of the strong eu members , in a dillusional hope of pretending to be in the same league as them or in league with them , along with an inferiority complex that makes you want to prove your northern superiority to those pesky southerners who , despite living the `` good western european life '' that you were denied , are now in trouble . 
  if you lick a bit more , they might pretend to care about you the next time putinist russia throws a hissy fit . 
  have a good day . 
  this comment deserves reddit gold . 
  all of it . 
  international law already exists . 
  as for european law , when the stronger countries disobey it it 's ok but when the weaker ones do so we get punished . 
  the sophists used to say that the law is for the weak ... they 're right , in the eu at least . 
  he 's a eurocrat , they 're all that way . 
  lol keep telling yourself that, 
  since when does the eu care about that ? 
  all they care about is the interests of the rich of the eu countries . 
  as long as they have them on their side , they think that they can bully us peasants into submission . 
  good . 
  then let 's hope the eu stays peaceful , so we can all respect our democracies without having to live with the threat of mercenaries loyal to the eurocrats . 
  the eu ca n't have democracy . 
  otherwise , how could their abomination of a `` constitution '' come to exist ? 
  they dispise democracy and all it stands for . 
  in their eyes , an elitist , plutocratic oligarchy is the way to go . 
   we 've had a never ending law of `` strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must '' for millennia on this continent . 
  you guys in the west had 50 years of american hegemony and eec coordination , while half the continent was ruled by the military force of the soviet union , and you now think that the world chaos cares about `` legitimacy '' , `` sovereignty '' , or even the hollow organization that is the un?sovereignty does n't exist . 
  it 's a legal fiction with no world court to uphold it . 
  countries are regularly invaded , bullied , blackmailed , and forced.here in the eu we created a small island of the rule of law . 
  this is not normal . 
  this is not how the world works . 
  grow up . 
  you should grow up . 
  the storng eu members bully the weaker ones . 
  if you ca n't see that , you 're blind . 
  that 's how the world is . 
  the difference is that if i 'm going to see my country bullied , i 'd rather see it bullied independently , not by somebody claiming to be its `` friend '' or `` ally . '', 
  the us is a country . 
  the eu is not . 
  most us states were not proper independent countries and even those that were , were unrecognised and shrot lived . 
  the us is one nation . 
  europe is many . 
  so since you do n't consider them far left , why are you glad that our country `` veered to the left instead of the right '' etc ? 
  to you , then , the choice was nto syriza or gd it was syriza of nd . 
  syriza claims to be ` radical left ' ( ie . 
  far-left ) and many sections of it are very , very far left . 
  he was elected anyway . 
  not only that , but he got a considerable amount of votes even before that . 
  and if the germans felt that he was n't their leader of choice why did they not revolt or protest when those conservatives put him in power ? 
  and whose elected representatives were those conservatives ? 
  yeah i know . 
  christophorakos & friends have asylum in germany , courtesy of siemens . 
  the german parties support the greek parties , but i agree , 
   \u00e0 source that was so french it made me smile . 
  and this is related ... how ? 
  my main problem is not `` failing to assasinate him . '', 
  it 's electing him .
