  austerity did n't kill the great depression , the new deal did . 
  but that takes balls of the f.d.r. 
  variety and , evidently , we lost those a long time ago , if we ever had them , at all . 
  gyros actually far predates turkish kebab , just like souvlaki . 
  souvlakia sticks and mentions of them have been found in classical and archaic excavation sights . 
  it 's not a very complicated idea , i 'm sure plenty of people had way before us , let alone the turks ( who actually took kebab from the persians ) . 
  no problem man , we all do that sometimes . 
  peace . 
  treatment ? 
  uh , is this the right thread , man ? 
  we 're talking about refugees , not hospitals , here . 
  if they needed it so desperately , maybe they shold have gotten a permit . 
  you did n't earn it either . 
  you just happened to be born there . 
  so your telling me that for somebody to be able to claim being a refugee , in denmark 's eyes their total fortune must not be greater than 1250 euros ? 
  you do know poor people are n't the only ones who flee war ... bullets make no distinctions . 
  by that logic , jews fleeing the nazis should have been denied entry or been stripped of all their belongings worth more than say $ 1250 back in the '30s . 
  major cities in greece according to the n.y. times : * athens * piraeus * idomeni * thermopylae i guess the major cities in the u.s.a. are , then : * washington d.c. * baltimore * pearl harbour * the alamo, 
  according to [ official reports ] ( http://www.amna.gr/article/111308/eidomeni:-sunolika-epta-sullipseis-apo-to-proi ) they are : * 2 czech citizens ( armed & in possession of narcotics , one man , one woman ) * a german woman ( in possession of pepper spray ) * three norwegians ( two women , one man ) & one englishwoman ( in possession of a military-grade communications radio/system ) yesterday a german man was arrested for possessing a knife . 
  why are n't they called that already ? 
  i mean , that 's what we call them . 
  `` czech republic '' sounds so pointlessly long . 
  finally someone who can clarify without getting all agressive . 
  thank you , my good man . 
  the czech republic is n't exactly an exemplary bastion of human rights , especially a decade ago ... 
  i did n't downvote anyone . 
  unlike 5 people who seem to agree with you . 
  as i said , does not enforcing an immoral and monstrous law , make it any worse ? 
  also , before you give me the `` do you have any counter arguement '' attitude , please do give me at least 24 hours to reply , some of us have more to do in our lives than surf reddit . 
  so if i passed a law striping a certain ethnic group of their equal rights but did n't enforce it , would the law stop being monstrous ? 
  the only reason it was n't enforced was the international outcry . 
   1250 1250 euros is rich ? 
  in what universe ? 
  i 'm not fearmongering . 
  a native can find a job and get out of benefits . 
  a native is in their home country . 
  a refugee has literally taken their entire fortune ( obviously above 1250 euros ) and fled out of fear for their life . 
  if you deprive them of that fortune with what will they return to their country when this mess is over ? 
  `` marginalised by the government '' my ass . 
  i do n't remember insulting you . 
  i 'd appreciate the same courtesy . 
  indeed , i think i 'll break the internet but you 've convinced me . 
  you guys literally passed a law about that recently ... it was all over the news . 
  they did n't steal `` all '' of them but practically they took almost everything of value . 
  it 's not like the ruskies are the only ones with a propaganda machine . 
  maybe he was playing a train simulator and the universe could n't handle such a level of meta . 
  why 's there a huge `` rt.com '' banner in red next to the title ? 
  i 've seen articles from the daily mail posted around without a special banner and i 'd wager the daily mail is n't any better ( if not much worse ) than rt. ... no btw i 'm not a putin fan or a regular rt reader . 
  maybe the constitution was a redhead ? 
  my favourite part was when they stole - eh `` confiscated '' all of the refugees ' belongings . 
  got ta love that nordic humanism !, 
  whatever mate . 
  if you really believe a reddit comment is enough to `` reinforce stereotypes '' we really do n't have many chances of seeing eye to eye . 
  peace . 
  translation from greek :  `` thanks to the agreement between the european union and turkey , the number of refugees arriving on greek shores has significantly been reduced and that gives us space to breathe , which we must use to find permanent and common solutions in europe . '', 
   the aformentioned were stated by austria 's federal chancellor , werner faymann , following the weekly meeting of the ministers ' council of the coaltion government of the socialists and the conservative people 's party . 
   as observed by faymann himself , in the refugee crisis the support of joint-european measures remains a priority , and even though the deal with turkey has bore fruit , it does not constitute a permanent solution . 
   according to the chancellor and leader of the social democrats , austria must act preemptively and prepare for the possibility of a future which would see the refugee wave pass through the brener border pass ( the italian-austrian border ) and as long as the eu 's border protection does not function properly , it is politically necessary for austria to `` take the necessary steps '' . 
   the chancellor drew attention to the discussion which is taking place at the moment in austria 's parliament concerning taking measures at a national level , such as what the social democrats call , `` reference value ( quota ? 
  ) '' , meaning the ultimate refugee application limit in austria , which the government has set to a total of 37.500 in 2016 . 
   concerning negative comments on the current asylum legislation , which has been submitted [ to parliament ] , it is being discussed in parliament and it is considered `` exceptionally harsh '' by its opposers , the chancellor noted that `` the government has agreed to certain measures , such as the quota and it holds a steady position . 
   for this a legal basis is needed , concerning which there is a discussion in parliament . 
  the mps have the law proposal and the dicussion will not be easy - i am , however , confident that we will have a compromise '' . 
   in the same spirit was also the position of the socialist minister of defence , hans peter doskozil , as well as the outgoing minister of the interior , johanna mikl-leitner , of the people 's party . 
   according to the minister of defence , there might not be an emergency , but one must be a realist and must prepare for one in the future , so as to immediately take action . 
  i never claimed i did n't make a mistake ... 
  i wanted to point out that many people ( especially on / r/polandball ) erroneously think that gypsies and romanians are the same . 
  no need to get so defensive about it , take a joke for god 's sake . 
  do you see me going under every `` pay debts '' joke and writing paragraph texts or downvoting people ? 
  oh god , the butthurt on this subreddit . 
  just when we start getting over the `` allahu akb\u00f6rk '' jokes , sweden is at it again ... 
  if they show the same degree of competence the eu has been showing in dealing with the crisis as whole , they 'll turn 007 into 000 . 
  why is it that every time germany and friends ask france to close down the nuclear power plants it sounds less like `` we 're scared of dat radiation '' and more like `` close them down and buy our eco-energy crap from siemens and the like '' ? 
  make la france grande again ? 
  of the hitler & mussolini variety ? 
  romania & gypsy jokes are pretty common . 
  what 's up with the elections though . 
  do you think you guys will get a stable gov ` t ? 
  who do you think will win ? 
  who ( if anyone ) are you rooting for ? 
  roflmao dat moment when the tsipras government pretends to be resisting the eu , imf and troika ... our government is practically a meme by now . 
  do n't know about portugal , but holy shit , you have to give it them , they bent over and they 're still pretending to be resisting . 
  i wish i could give as few fucks as them some day !, 
  rightttttttttttt ... and that 'll happen for free , i assume ? 
  and until those hundreds of thousands of people are `` on a ferry '' who will feed them ? 
  'cause you ca n't get enough ferries to send them back in a day , or a month , for that matter . 
  well turks are barbarians , by the original greek definition , but then again so is everyone who 's not greek . 
  ( not my view just the linguistics ), 
  the other guy thanked fyrom for protecting the european border even though fyrom is not on the european border ... the only way for fyrom to have done so is if they were on the european border . 
  so if there 's nothing we can do to `` control our borders '' precisely what facts are you stating ? 
  how exactly are we going to send them back to turkey then ? 
  how dare we obey international law and not drown refugees !!!, 
  austria and slovenia also failed to uphold eu agreements , but hey it seems that 's not a problem . 
  what victim act ? 
  according to his comment , he commends fyrom for protecting european borders , as if greece is outside the european border . 
  what did he mean , according to you , then ? 
  would you like to pay for their ticket or their entire camp ? 
  inspector javert , is that you ? 
  how do you gas refugees on a boat without drowning them ? 
  now the question is , how can these peppers be used towards the ultimate goal of kebab removal ?
