  ukraine ? 
  belarus ? 
  switzerland ? 
  the uk ( soon enough ) ? 
  montenegro ? 
  georgia ? 
  albania ? 
  iceland ? 
  yeah , i mean who cares about those countries ... / s and on top of that , last time i checked , europe existed long before the eu and will exist long after we 're done with it . 
  shhh , to the salty europhiles eu = europe , remember ? 
  germany has no choice . 
  unless they want their auto-industry to vanish . 
  russia , turkey , northern africa ... oh yes , they all love us ! / s, 
   of course i might get downvoted for speaking against r/europe mindset you will be assimilated into the salty borg, 
  none of my business . 
  as long as it 's what the british demos wanted , all else is beyond my interest . 
  britain gave modern europe and the western world the gift of large scale , peaceful parliamentarianism , ever since the byzantines fell . 
  it 's only fitting that we respect the choices of europe 's most mature demos . 
  so you 're telling me that you 'll `` punish '' them but they wo n't respond ? 
  keep dreaming kiddo . 
  along with that salty downvote remain army . 
  \u039f\u039a boss , gotcha . 
   can clearly see the old and the uneducated voted en-masse for this catastrophe . 
  alright there proud educated young master race , plato 2.0 , sorry to bust your bubble but in a democracy all votes are equal , so it does n't matter who voted what , as long as they had the right to vote . 
   going back to sleep and hopefully when i wake up it was all a bad dream . 
  nice job you have there , sleeping in on a weekday , mate  honestly , i 've had enough of the salty remainers attacking brexiters as uneducated , poor , peasants . 
  guess what : democracy , salty scrubs !, 
  yeah , uk citizen with a berlin flag . 
  apart from that , what 's gon na happen to those car exports you 're sending to the uk if you `` punish '' the brits ? 
  have fun closing down your own car industry . 
  rule britannia !, 
  britannia rule the waves !, 
  britons never will be slaves !!, 
   scotland 61 % remain , liverpool 58 % remain . 
  it 's nearly finished man or not xd, 
  quebec was a province of a sovereign nation . 
  the uk is a sovereign nation is an international non-sovereign union . 
  yeah 'cause the two options are the eu or putin . 
  tell that to switzerland . 
  janissaries were taken from childhood , before they could understand anything and were made into turks . 
  i do n't imagine germans did that . 
  while you have absolutely no corruption , right ... 
   so same game but different rules . 
  haha , you ca n't be real . 
  you are contradicting yourself agaiiiiiiiiiiiin are you mental my man ? 
  both the natives who cooperated and the lithuanians do n't deserve freedom . 
  are you incapable of understanding basic english ? 
  nevermind then , language barrier xd, 
  [ welcome to grade 3 ] ( http://s4.thingpic.com/images/hx/69j4avsvchuqrlkifsi3engh.jpeg ), 
  here we go on another round of why russia sucks . 
  yes , we get , russia is a half-dictatorship , run by a paternal autocrat , with territorial ambitions on eastern europe , complete disregard for human rights and a contempt of democracy that manages to surpass even that of eurocrats . 
  can we discuss something else , or this sub going to turn into a russia-hate circlejerk ? 
  and this is from someone who absolutely hates what putin stands for . 
  yet another reason for brexit . 
  senate is government . 
  it is part of the legislative branch of government . 
  you do n't need to be part of the executive to be part of gov ` t. 
   then why are you so upset when someone else disagrees with you , you hypocrite ? 
  now you 're going full ad hominem . 
  precisely when was i `` so upset ? '', 
   haha , yeah sure . 
  i 'm certain that you agree wholeheartedly with the corruption that led you to this situation . 
  go team . 
  our corruption was obvious , yet nobody demanded change from any politicians , for they were , at the time , comfortable . 
  only when it was too late did we think that we , perhaps , needed change and that we alone could demand it of our own leaders . 
   which one is it ? 
  native americans deserve freedom because they fought for it and never gave up but lithuanians fighting for their freedom and fighting guerrilla warfare for decades and doing whatever is necessary to survive ( even allying with the enemy of your enemy ) does n't count ? 
  hyyypocriteeee . 
  some fought the invaders all the way . 
  others fought one with the other . 
  just like the lithuanians . 
  the latter do n't deserve freedom , the former do . 
   you 're being completely unrealistic . 
  you know why ? 
  because you 're fantasizing about past events in some kind of alternative history video game scenario while obviously having little knowledge on the particular topic . 
  you 're a clown that lives in a fantasy world who likes to talk big on the internet and saying that it 's the real world . 
  it would be funny if it were n't sad . 
  now you 're going even more ad hominem . 
  i 'd report you , but i 'm not going that low . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  oh really ? 
  tell that to the us . 
  their hos is elected and choose their gov ` t. 
  france 's hos is also elected and has executive powers . 
   you outright dismissing what anyone else has to say shows pretty clearly that you regard yourself as the ultimate authority on the current topic . 
  nevermind that all what you have said is very subjective opinion of what ifs . 
  our whole discussion is entirely based on opinions , i can not see why i should n't be able to dismiss them . 
   master ? 
  what fantasy world do you live in ? 
  by your logic greece is worthy of its current economic state we are . 
  we are in our current state due to our choices . 
   should the jews have fought the nazis better as well ? 
  the jews were unarmed civilians . 
  do n't even dare to compare them to your own organised states . 
   should the native americans have fought the europeans better ? 
  they fought as well as they could with their primitive weaponry and lost . 
  the native americans deserve freedom because they fought for it and never gave up . 
  those who sided with some europeans against others , instead , got what was coming to them . 
   you have no idea how condescending and offensive you sound do you ? 
  oh now you 're playing the `` offensive '' card ?
