   if greece said that they will not let the refugees out officially that is our stance . 
  our gov ` ts stance is that we will not let anyone except those refugees who are to be relocated according to the eu refugee distribution out . 
  also if they apply for asylum in greece what do we earn ? 
  we 'll still have to feed , house , educate etc. 
  hundreds of thousands of people . 
   i think that would make at least afghans , iraqis and other non-syrians rethink their position . 
  iraqis are not economic migrants , unless you noticed , their nation is half-ruled by isis and plagued with terrorism and practical lawlessness and religious violence ever since they got a dose of explosive liberty \u2122 . 
  afghans come from a country much of whose non-urban areas are ruled by the taliban and whose major cities are constantly bombed by said taliban . 
  what exactly would motivate those people ( who do n't even have the means to go back home , even if they wanted to ) to `` change their minds '' ? 
  to them , a european slum is heaven . 
  so you agree with me ? 
  if you close the route people will keep coming anyway , as long as a war is going on . 
  the only difference is they 'll be stuck in an already unstable and half-ruined country , a fellow eu member , whom you 'll have to prop up with billions unless you want the refugees to riot and/or starve . 
  the only way the refugee flow will stop is if the war stops . 
  nations such as germany , france , the uk etc. 
  supplied the various combatants with weapons ( as a matter of fact they still do ) . 
  perhaps if they stopped throwing weapons in the pitch , stopped bombing syria and iraq and finally accepted that assad will rule syria whether they like it or not , the war could end and we could send them back . 
  but that would destroy the pride of many great european nations . 
  if you ask me they choice between pride and results is an obvious one ( since i guess you 're not interested in the moral aspect of the whole story , not very much unlike global leadership ) ; one can not have their pie and eat it too . 
  recovered with lots of us cash , not paying reparations to several nations and immense debt forgiveness , but indeed recovered . 
  how does that make them germanic and protestant ? 
  neither nation is a nation state with a defined religion and ethnicity ; they 're multicultural federations , calling the germanic and protestant is ignorant of their diversity . 
  also , most great canadian prime ministers ( p.e. 
  were french catholics , not english protestants and historically , up until very late in its existence , canada was a majority french catholic nation . 
  since when are finland , canada and australia germanic ? 
  since when is canada protestant ? 
  [ savage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1qxqrpf08e ), 
  media is already plural numbnuts , it 's the plural of medium . 
  ever heard of latin ? 
  how ` bout you show some morality and help member states in the refugee crisis * cough * greece * cough * and then you ask us to damage our own economy to help a non-member . 
  the same common sense that drove said gov ` ts to not give the greeks and italians helps or funds when we were asking for it btoh months before the crisis started and up to this point ? 
  i love how austria is openly talking about sabotaging another eu member to help a non-member and everyone 's ok with it but when a deal with turkey is proposed everyone objects for `` moral reasons '' . 
  my toilet paper has more morals than your average european politician ( or voter for that matter , seeing these reactions ) . 
  i love about how everyone is pissed about this supposed `` illegal greek government conspiracy '' when breaching the refugee distribution deal was just as ( if not more ) illegal . 
  did you honestly think they would n't find a way in ? 
  exactly . 
  hahahahhaa, 
  reminds me of [ this splendid little cartoon the ny times published a while back ] ( http://www.topontiki.gr/sites/default/files/article/2015-09/skitsonyt.jpg ) . 
  when i came to canada and met some other europeans i was shocked that they all had whatsapp . 
  in greece we just use text messaging , facebook , snapchat etc. , only one of my friends even had whatsapp . 
  lots of us have viber though and i ca n't really tell the difference . 
  -1 / 10 , would n't have joined at all if it was up to me , seeing how it 's worked out . 
  if it were democratic and more unified in spirit ( if we all saw ourselves as europeans first and our nationality second , instead of the other way around ) i would very much like it , but now it 's just a slightly evolved cartel . 
  might as well switch back to the original name ( ecsc ) . 
  they called us in , they did n't force us to join in . 
  yes , i shall start by removing all spartans , then i shall take sicily by storm !, 
  edit : my spelling sucks, 
  i am !, 
  i shall change my name to donaldos trympocles and i 'm going to make a wall and have the corinthians pay for it !, 
  now that sounds like a totally legit system does n't it ? 
  by that logic greece and italy would be above criticism in all political matters ... and we certainly ai n't . 
  i 'd take cypriot rule over german rule any day ... promarily because it would n't actually involve being ruled xd, 
  of course the americans are n't going to get their hands dirty for europe 's big 3 to make free money and keep the moral high ground . 
  iraq , afghanistan , libya , all of these conflicts furthered or protected european interests as well as american ones , yet everyone ( many eu gov ` ts included ) put all the blame for these catastrophies onto the americans . 
  so they 're pretty much telling the big euro countries ` you wan na make money by exploiting syria ? 
  i ai n't getting another pr downgrade and a wedge shoved in my relations with russia for you lot . '', 
  completely reasonable by me . 
  greek antiquities are in a tragic state . 
  then again when there are children in your country who faint from starvation , you have to get some priorities . 
  cypriot roman empire ... 
  i do believe that happened once . 
  trump called , he does n't give a damn . 
  rofl true enough, 
  first of all if we keep everyone in terrible conditions they will keep rioting and we might even have people dying on our hands . 
  secondly , we can not deport them to turkey , turkey will never allow that . 
  thirdly even after the corridor closed , in a couple of weeks their number has doubled . 
  i agree with your last point , but we should have thought of that when we used immigrants to replace our faltering populations instead of enforcing measures to boost our birth rates . 
  what 's with all the chania posts recently ? 
  are the cretans secretely taking over europe ? 
  tourism ? 
  well we have lots of terrible neighbours to compensate xd i mean literally one of them has an active casus belli on us , another recently tried to claim our lands and another is teaching their children that our northern provinces are rightfully theirs . 
  hey at least that 's only southern italy . 
  in greece it 's all of us . 
  where else would we use them ? 
  once they 're on shore ? 
  and exactly how does stranding 100,000 refugees on our soil prevent the rest from coming ? 
  i 'm telling you for the third time that i 've already accepted that , so i do n't see why you feel the need to reitarate it . 
  [ god is a serb ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eqja8ahac ) , indeed . 
  oh , ok , thanks for the heads up . 
   greece/macedonia =  not schengen ( since macedonia is not an eu country ) maybe i misunderstood ? 
  greece is in the schengen area , check a map mate ... 
   we can handpick those from middle eastern refugee camps , in a regulated manner . 
  agreed , but i was refering to those already in greece , serbia etc. 
   i sympathise but that doesnt give you the right to dump the migrants on the rest of europe . 
  a sovereign country should be able to secure its own borders . . we do n't dump them mate , it 's not like we 're trying to send them over , they 're doing that on their own . 
  also when all of us joined the eu and schengen we gave up some of our sovereingty , unilateral border controls between us are one of those . 
  without wanting to sound agressive , if you truly consider border control such an important aspect of your sovereingty , perhaps you should consider leaving the eu and schengen . 
   because if someone 's a refugee there 's a high chance that they did n't have time or the opportunity to pack their things , appropriate documents etc before running to save their lives ? 
  well if my home was getting bombed i would be less concerned with packing my stuff and more concerned with running . 
  i mean look at [ this ] ( http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2012/10/mideast-syria-cost-of_horo.jpg ) ; i doubt you 'd find much to pack in those homes , provided you 're still alive if you used to live in one of them . 
  indeed . 
  back then we had plentiful us cash , the far right was non-existent ( for obvious reasons ) and it was mostly fellow white europeans , so nobody had much of a problem with it . 
  that 's true , but you have to look at it from the point of view of the unhrc . 
  if it was the other way around everyone would deny even real refugees being refugees ( which many eastern european nations are doing anyway , imagine what would happen without that law ) . 
  many refugees have to leave in chaos so they lack such proof , though your idea of basic knowledge of their home country is splendid . 
  however personnally interviewing or even testing so many people is so costly and time consuming it 's practically impossible within the available timeframe . 
  do n't get angry on me mate , relax . 
  i 'm just saying i admit that you 're good kebab removers , but you created the need to remove said kebab in in the first place . 
  how are you better off with 100,000 refugees on your soil that you ca n't support and with everyone else casually working with non-eu members against you to breach eu rules , with no punishment ? 
  oh so we throw tear gas on people who 're on an overloaded boat and force them to drown ?
