  maybe i should add an / s next time ? 
  greece right at the top of being scared of uncertainty ... well when it 's all you 've known , you tend to not like it very much . 
  populism is the death of democracy . 
  you must really hate somebody , when your whole identity is based around not being them ... 
  trust a frenchman to know everything about paint xd, 
  they were the original residents of albania ? ... 
  right ... ... ... 
  france has an identity struggle ? 
  you learn something new every day !, 
  the struggle never really left us , but it took different forms : in its current incarnation the classicists are more pro-european , while the byzantinophiles consider ourselves neither european nor asian . 
  the romans ruled greece for far longer than the ottomans . 
  are we all romans ? 
  i feel ya . 
  peace . 
  and we 've been here for more than 2000 years . 
  you , on the other hand , have n't . 
  if someone kills all your family and moves into your house , does that make them your family ? 
  greeks are the only ones in the hellenic ethnic and linguistic group , we 're our own family , in a sense . 
  after all , until the time of alexander ( and maybe for a few centuries after that ) we were not one nation , but a collection of them . 
  the only ones who 've been here even remotely as long as we have are the italians and the italians ( especially in the south ) are partly greek . 
  i 'm not saying we 're better or worse than you . 
  all humand are the same , after all . 
  but we 're certainly not related to romanians as much as we 're related to people who called themselves \u0388\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b5\u03c2 and \u0393\u03c1\u03b1\u03b9\u03ba\u03bf\u03af like we do , long before the romanians existed . 
  anatolia is at about the same latitude as greece . 
  most albanians i 've met down here make mitroglou look like a german , so i doubt the illyrians were blond and blue-eyed . 
  possibly darker . 
  herodotus calls the persians ( or aryans as he calls them and they call themselves ) `` pale '' compared to the `` sun-tanned greeks '' . 
  if you look at ancient frescos , southern greeks ( like the athenians , cretans etc. ), 
  are always shown as darker , while northern greeks ( macedonians , epirots etc. ), 
  are shown as lighter , much like the case in modern greece . 
  additionally , i am not saying that modern greeks are pure greeks , even mussolini , the inventor of fascism , admitted that no such thing as a pure race exists ( or technically we 're all a pure race , since we 're all humans who are practically genetically identical ) . 
  i am saying that we have a lot more in common with our ancient ancestors , than the romanians do with the romans ( to whom , though they do n't like to admit it , they have very little relation ) , certainly much more than we do with turks , bulgarians etc. 
  many seem to forget that many prominent greek families emigrated abroad , sparking the renaissance , ( some even ruled foreign areas , like palaiologoi of monferat , to whom many great european houses are related ) after 1453 , returning after the revolution ( which they sparked in the first place ) , while greeks dominated ottomans ' trade and administration and even ruled many areas ( such as the wallachian principalities ) for the ottomans . 
  we were the only ones in the empire who actually got western education and we represented the ottomans abroad ( that is why ottoman administration collapsed after trying to rid itself of the greeks ) . 
  take a look at the phanariot families and the nobles of various areas in greece and you 'll find quite a lot of byzantine nobility ( laskaris , argyros , komnenos etc. ) . 
  large parts of greece remained outside of turkish control up to 1700s under the venetians , french , genoese , british and so on , while some ( parga , mani , ionian islands ) never even saw turkish rule . 
  saying that modern greeks are turks is a joke . 
  saying that they are slavs is also a joke . 
  you should read the chronicle of the morea for more info on that . 
  then again we do not blood relation to prove our connection ; we share the same language , the same history , the same land and , in many ways , the same culture . 
  to quote seferis during his nobel speach `` i do not know if we are of the same blood ; such questions do not concern me . 
  what i do know , is that we see the same skies end in the same seas . '', 
  we might have a lot in common with our neighbours ( since we influenced them and vice-versa ) but the again who does n't ? 
  we do , however , have a ton more in common with aristotle , per say , than we do with any romanian , turk , bulgar , albanian , italian and so on . 
  that does n't make better or worse than our neighbours ; we 're all humans . 
  it 's just a fact . 
  many in the west idealise greeks and try to claim that we are n't true greeks , because if we have fallen so low , it would shutter their image of ideal greeks . 
  it would also prove to them that , no matter how advanced they may become , they still owe everything to those rascals on that little rock with the olive trees and the dolphin , who in turn owe it to those men with the long beards near the euphrates . 
  but we are . 
  and if they seek to find out how we fell , i have a date for them : 1204 . 
  and what they claim to be `` the civilised west '' had quite a hand in that tragic date . 
  the byronic image was n't accurate to begin with . 
  philhellenic sympathy on the other hand , that went away for various reasons , mainly the `` lazy southern european '' stereotype . 
  romanians and romans are n't nearly as closely related as we are to the ancient greeks , if related at all . 
  the italians and the romans would be a better comparison . 
  how are our miniscule , at best , relations to romanians , more than a common language , history etc ? 
  hey it 's not my article . 
  i do n't entirely agree with it . 
  then again , what would you call [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vfoo3dx.jpg ) ? 
  please do take herr schnitzel 's advice . 
  we 're kinda worried , this is the 17th day straight they 've sent fighters over our islands . 
  i can confirm . 
  all the turks i 've met who were born abroad worship the cunt and want to eradicate kurds , take the aegean etc. 
  all the people from turkey who left recently itself were much calmer , anti-erdogan and just wanted peace and normal lives . 
  then again , that explains why they left . 
  i 've met some rather pale romas in my time . 
  from romania none the less . 
  gibraltar will send us angela ... are we talking about the same angela ? 
  immgirant-loving , incompetent , lying , neo-imperialist , ugly ? 
  `` here , get another loan and some measures that will ruin your economy even more !, 
  this so much better than accepting that the debt is unpayble ! '', 
  10/10 , great article , though a bit too short . 
  [ here ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/02/25/welcome-to-greece-but-not-to-europe-schengen-racism/ ) 's a nice article from the chief of harvard 's anthropology department that focuses a bit more on the european perspective of the whole affair . 
  edit : it 's not my article . 
  i do n't fully agree with it . 
  but it 's just a nice , different take , from somebody who has a qualified opinion on the subject . 
  calm your tits . 
  are those ottomans in germany i 'm seeing ? 
  eu iv is surprisingly accurate . 
  i 've heard as much from a couple of brazilian friends . 
   draghi answered personal criticism in germany , where many associate his home country of italy with economic mismanagement and where conservative politicians recently called for his successor to be a german . 
  by that logic , should we annex all of europe to germany , so we can all get some of that german efficiency , too ? 
  lmao, 
  unrelated , but i ca n't take the verb `` to trump '' seriously anymore . 
  hey you kinda earned it ... 
  i mean you did go with the axis . 
  speaking of ugly architecture ... have you heard of the `` frankfurt model '' the us-puppuet gov ` ts `` developped '' greece with ? 
  also we got a catastrophy like the one you speak of , worse than that , actually ... it 's called the asia minor catastrophe . 
  and that 's without counting the [ civil wars during the revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_civil_wars_of_1824%e2%80%9325 ) , the [ national schism during wwi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_schism ) , the [ counltess byzantine civil wars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_byzantine_revolts_and_civil_wars ) and , of course , the innumerable wars between ancient greek city states and kingdoms . 
  did i mention how we almost had another civil war in 1970 , after military officers loyal to the king and the junta almost fought it out , but the king lost without a shot 'cause he was too incompetent to even win ( or fight for that matter ) a war in which he vastly outnumbered and outgunned the opponents ? 
  got ta thank bismark and a certain square mustache guy . 
  more than we can count ... to be honest , mostly over time . 
  in an ideal scenario , the two sides get over their differences for the benefit of the nation , but from what i 've seen in our history , the winner takes it all and after some decades both sides ( save for some radicals ) admit their wrong and get over it . 
  that or a bigger threat from outside shows them why they need unity . 
  never been there but i 've heard as much from german friends . 
  i do believe a girl from n.r.-westphalia once called it `` cheap new york '' . 
  * [ alsance-lorraine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyjfuzeazwg ) / s, 
  got ta say , that 's a nice city you live in . 
  you do n't do yourselves any favours ... 
  nice to hear that  well i guess it 's the most emblematic piece of greek civilisation you could get .
