  how soon before they catch up ? 
   iceland was n't in as big a hole as greece is now , which is why they were able to escape . 
  they also seized foreign funds to do so , which is something you can only pull off once , and only if you have foreign funds to seize . 
  we have plenty of foreign funds to seize . 
  but i do n't want it to get to that . 
  i only used iceland as an example to show you that the alternative to austerity and becoming a debt colony is not absolute ruin . 
  what i want is for greece to repay her debts by increasing her gdp and incomes . 
  i believe that debts ought to be paid . 
  which is why i oppose both erasing greece 's debts and germany 's wwii debts . 
  i 'm fairly certain germany pissed off a lot more people in wwii . 
  also , it 's pretty hard to be certain we 'll recover , when the same people enforcing austerity on us are our creditors . 
  does this mean we 'll be getting turkish refugees ? 
  oh god ... 
  so did the regime of the colonels in greece . 
  why can we not expect debt forgiveness from a country whose debts we forgave ? 
  so what is the criteria for debt forgiveness then ? 
  mind you , germany 's debt were forgiven aftr occupation forces left and the country was refounded . 
   not fucking with oldschool aristocrats because very often they are the most competent at running things rarely if ever , as history proves . 
   so in short , a hierarchy of quality , instead of a revolution of equality . 
  but this is merely the method , the important thing is actually being good at it . 
  many right wing folks professed similar ideals and then in practice just ended up being thieves . 
  so no not about always automatically supporting the right just more like not judging leadership on whether they were elected but on actual results . 
  if a country chooses leaders that drive to the dirt , it is worthy of its fate . 
  all men are worthy of their leaders , as plato said . 
  if you honestly believe that people should be `` saved '' from their choices , you and i have such a rift in ideology that we really ca n't talk it over . 
  i respect your opinion , but we 'll have to agree to disagree , 
   you do n't care about borrowing money ? 
  so you want to run a total government surplus from now until the end of time , while also magically dodging all recessions ? 
  you are saying that you 'd rather have permanent austerity . 
  i 'm saying that i 'd have a balanced budget and increased revenue on my own terms . 
  i 'd much rather have a 0 % or 1 % corporate tax and give incentives to businesses to come over than destroy my economy so i can borrow more to service an unpayable debt . 
   iceland is not doing fine at all . 
  their banking sector , especially international banking , is basically destroyed - no reasonable person will open an icesave account ever again . 
  their diplomatic relations have taken a huge hit as well since they basically stole money out of foreign accounts that were previously guaranteed by the government . 
  that is a trick that you can only really pull off once their people live well , much better than they would have , much better than the average yank . 
  at the end of the day , that 's all that matters . 
   greece managed to default without fighting a war at all then what was the point of this ? 
  we are both in enormous debt . 
  so you believe in democracy as long as it `` makes the right choice and chooses right wing parties . '', 
  i am not a leftist myself , but you are sounding an awful lot like many communists i know . 
  we will need to borrow because of austerity . 
  i do not care about borrowing money . 
  i care about fixing the economy . 
  iceland is doing just fine . 
  so it 's better to kill millions of people ( some in gas chambers ) than to have a bad financial policy ? ... 
   skilled construction contractors how very skilled . 
   lawyers in international or european law , i hope . 
  otherwise what law are they practicing ? 
   you guys really lord over the rest of the balkans , do n't you ? 
  not really . 
  byzantium was the original city constantinople ( new rome ) was expanded upon , 
  a more functional tax system , which has such high taxes business close down before being able to pay , while the rich who support the eu 's austerity pay very little ( some even no taxes ) . 
  effective my ass . 
  as for trust , i 'd call it servitude . 
  germany also lost a giant war and killed millions of people . 
  we did not . 
  guess who cares : nobody . 
  that was 20-30 years after the civil war ... we were well past having any sort of ` communist influence . ', 
  and speaking of ` nececessary dictatorships ' ... you really do n't like democracy , do you ? 
  well , shit . 
  guess i should get on the first mission to mars , before that nuclear winter comes around . 
  hey at least you guys have calmed down . 
  much more than i can say about china ... 
  very , very , very badly . 
  lots of the corruption that plagues us to this day , along with many other problems & the cyprus dispute , come from those times . 
  it still hurts our views of the us . 
  the bailout provisions negate all our ability to have state revenue . 
  they shrink the state 's tax income and the greek economy , in exchnage for barely enough money so we are not considered in default . 
  i 'd be all for large scale reforms and shrinking the greek public sector , but what we are doing now is suicide . 
  those countries got plenty of money from the eu at the same time to spend on their own people . 
  the only countries that can truly complain are those which contribute more to the eu than give to it . 
  estonia and the like are definately not among them . 
   i 'm just genuinely curious if you 're fine with that ? 
  not at all :d, 
   greece on the other hand is nothing just long term useless hole , literally . 
  as opposed to the economic powehouse , cultural pinnacle , scientific miracle and military superpower of slovakia . 
  which would give turkey a footing to challenge our past treaties which give us domain over the aegean ( save for imbros and tenedos ) as well as any drilling rights in the area . 
  another ad hominem . 
  great . 
  yeah , that 's what they say every year about the next year ... 
   can you really suggest that greek society was n't tacitly culpable in what eventuated ? 
  not at all . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of our responsibility . 
  but you ca n't punish us and get your money back . 
  wow . 
  yes . 
  because if we lose those , the turks get a precedent for the whole aegean , along with mineral rights . 
  constantinople was made during the roman period , but the word is greek . 
  as i said byzantium is used for the whole byzantine empire , it 's inconvenient . 
  the idea of calling the empire byzantine is n't `` revanchism '' it 's from a german historian to make it easily distinguishable from the roman empire . 
  modern istanbul is n't a different city , it 's literally directly descended from constantinople . 
  even so , why would we change the name of a city when we already have a perfectly good name to appease some foreigners ? 
  calling it constantinople does n't imply we want to plant a flag over it , it 's just a name . 
  no idea . 
  if i recall correctly , the yanks called and told us to stand down or face turkey alone . 
  putin be like : `` it 's only seven , it 's not that bad . '', 
  well most foreigners called it the greek empire , because they did not want to recognise its legitimacy . 
  we called it the roman empire . 
  and some dude , a german i think , came up with byzantine and it stuck . 
  aint even mad , it 's a nice word .
