  i 'm not being condescending . 
  i 'm being realsitic . 
  if you want to live in a world where you have no agency and no moral responsibility go lobotomize yourself and go back to kindergarten . 
  this is the real world . 
  is that a mix of opium and opinion ? 
   greece had britain who could help britain was n't of much help tbh . 
  most of our actual resistance was done by our own , badly equipped forces in pindus against the italians . 
  against the germans , we just fought for `` honour , '' we had no hope of winning and we knew it . 
  in fact , during our occupation , britain bloackaded us and 200-800k people died . 
   plus there were no '' good guys '' to turn to in 1940 eastern europe my point is that you should n't need good guys to resist . 
  you should resist anyway . 
  look at how you actually won your indpendence . 
  you did n't turn to any good guys , you got it yourself , 'cause you were willing to go at it no matter the cost . 
  that i can respect . 
   absolute majority of latvians serving in german military were conscripts . 
  funny how they accepted their conscription and fought for a foreign army . 
   did i say they were ? 
  but were they as bad as ussr ? 
  yes , if not worse . 
  it 's easy for everyone to talk about history , but if we never recognize our mistakes , we will never learn . 
  it does n't take a genius to see that the nazis and the soviets were both dictatorships that had anything but the well-being of the baltics at heart , but i guess you must be a genius to predict that . 
  i never mentioned tactics , so i hardly claim to be a general . 
   stop contradicting yourself , make up your mind sounds pretty insulting , no ? 
   i just said that you 're pretending to be an expert after the fact . 
  i did now ? 
  when did i claim to be an expert on anything ? 
   so if the outcome is going to be the same either way then why only fight both or none ? 
  what will change if you fight one but not the other ? 
  you 're whole diatribe in this thread is beyond redundant . 
  your defeat was assured . 
  the only thing you had was moral superiority . 
  once you chose a master , you lost that . 
  you are worthy of what happened to you . 
  the only thing that 's redundant is your denial . 
  all people are worthy of their leaders . 
  the americans would neve rhave greek politicians , 'cause they 're not greek . 
  try being under the control of some inbred monarch for a couple of years and see how you 'll come running back to democracy , the least bad system . 
  texas and california are not nations . 
  great britain and france are . 
  what we have is already basically a gov ` t. 
  an unelected one . 
  do you prefer an elected or an unelected gov ` t ? 
  nice ad hominem you have there . 
  what i say is that you can fight both or neither , since the outcome is going to be the same . 
  you ca n't fight one and hope to beat the other and win . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  says the guy whose country is built by northern european funds ... 
  i 've hardly seen any apologies or punishments for it , so it hardly seems to have shocked istanbul 's populace . 
  i do know . 
  they 're so much bigger and stronger it 's hopeless . 
  and fail . 
  the greeks were roman citizens , we were romans . 
  the baltics would have a grave either way . 
  they could go honourably , or they could go like they did . 
  they chose the latter and got served to the ussr . 
   in comparison to greece 's 4 years . . you really have no idea to those who oppose and lose to totalitarian state . 
  we suffered quite a lot during those 4 years . 
  but we resisted . 
  we earned our freedom . 
  which is why we did n't get served to the ussr . 
  we did n't work with the nazis , you did . 
  you got what you asked for . 
  speaking of totalitarian states , the ottomans would like a word . 
  and no , the czars were nowhere near as bad as the ottomans . 
  you ca n't bite a hand so much bigger than you . 
  you ca n't defeat either . 
  once the nazis won , you 'd have no chance of defeating them . 
  so you 're telling me that because the two sides were equally horrible , you should choose one 'cause ... 
  i dunno they had n't hurt you as much yet ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  neither one . 
  you should never choose a conqueror , you should fight both . 
  if the eu wants to believe in itself , we should perhaps abolish the council and start giving its power to a democratically elected body ... 
  believing in ourselves would mean trusting our own citizens to make democratic choices . 
   the enemy of my enemy is my friend but not really . 
  nazis did help in the beginning , but then they realized they fucked up and were n't actually on the same side . 
  well they had plans to exterminate 50 % of the baltics ' population so not very good friends xd, 
  greeks were actually citizens from the very beginning and our language was an official language in the empire . 
  most of our cities also had autonomy and we were represented in the senate , so we had a pretty good arrangement right there . 
  save for some ultra-conservatives , practically no romans saw us as barbarian . 
   true though , the ultimate goal of the romans was just like that of alexander : to integrate all conquered people into the main ethnicity of the empire . 
  i find it remarkable that unlike our modern empires , the ancient empires rarely cared about `` racial purity '' but they instead saw all people as pretty much the same and simply considered their cultures to be superior , so they wanted to integrate everyone into them . 
   kind of mob mentality is not normal in a city like istanbul except [ septemvriana ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom ) , of course . 
  in greece we celebrate october 28th , `` no day '' , when we rejected the italian ultimatum . 
  it 's hugely important and it 's only second to the start of the greek revolution on march 25 . 
  both get a parade , the october one is in thessalonica ( our 2nd biggest city ) 'cause it 's 2 days from october 26 , the day of saint demetrius , the city 's patron saint , and 'cause northern greece did most of the fighting in that war . 
  before anyone asks : he does n't include greece in this , 'cause we 're southern europe , not eastern . 
  wel the fatherland 's balls froze off an fell after , so not much of a fatherland then . 
  ca n't have too many barbarians becoming roman citizens . 
   hoped to avoid destruction and casualties those who are willing to sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither . 
   and in the end , baltic people fought in wwii and onwards ( guerilla-style , `` forest brothers '' ) . 
  on the side of the nazis ... choosing one conqueror over another . 
  greece does stuff like this : `` greece is n't doing enough to stop the migrant crisis ! '', 
  turkey arrests practically no smugglers , even though the smugglers themselves admit that if turkey wanetd to stop them , they would n't be able to transport a single person : `` let 's give billions to turkey ! '', 
  the eu in a nutshell ... 
  i guess we got a piece of our own wisdom : `` the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . '', 
  ave ivncerie avgvste !!!!, 
  my francophilia is justified , yet again xd, 
  says the spaniard ... 
  nah one march of 5000 people totally solved all of that .
