  not really . 
  we get told of the differences in the pronunciation in the beginning of gymnasium , but we do n't apply them . 
  people who go to university have to use reconstructed pronunciation , but in high school we read ` normally , ' so as to not further complicate things . 
  some people do n't like reconstructed , because they see it as foreign `` appropriation '' of greek , but i do n't believe that since it was gemistus pletho and his students who started the practice of teaching ancient greek in western europe . 
  i 've personally tried to learn it myself , but it 's kinda hard to keep track of and it changes every now and then due to new discoveries . 
  the fact that katharevousa ( a slightly simplified version of koine greek ) was used in greece as the official language until the 70s is also linked to this reading , since it was katharevousa that standardised ` proper ' modern greek pronunciation , according to that used by the church . 
  before that many dialects had different pronunciations , some closer to ancient greek others not so much ( for example , athenian demotic still used \u03b4 as d instead of \u00f0 ) . 
  it 's nice to see foreign people learning ancient greek , even if they ca n't really use it to communicate with modern greeks a lot . 
   modern greek is crazy to me , that language went through some change modern greek is simplified koine , which is , in turn , a simplified mix of classical ionic and attic ( the one you 're learning ) . 
  it 's only natural . 
  if somebody were to point out the meaning of various words , you might get a eureka moment , but doing that on your own is kinda harder ; it 's like me trying to understand dutch or german through english . 
  if somebody shows me something i might go `` a ha , it sounds like x english word '' but i 'd never be able to to do that on my own . 
  some people do n't like being told that modern and ancient greek are different , but i think it 's only natural . 
  languages , like nations , change and evolve , no single langauge on the planet is the same it was two and a half centuries ago . 
  if anything , looking at latin and italian ( which lacks declension ) , greek is actually still pretty close . 
  10 billions is way too small for the reparations mate , we lost 1/10 of our population and all our infrastructure . 
  and that 's without the gold . 
  fun fact is before joining the euro , greeks were the most skeptical of all europeans concerning debt , we despised it . 
  cheap bank loans to a people who had little to no experience with debt etc. 
  as well as a gov ' t with similar tendencies did n't help anyone . 
  so let 's say that we have fiscal union . 
  what next ? 
  schauble or some puppet of his takes over the position and we get pushed into another round of closing down all competitive businesses and selling anything of value to northern european companies . 
  how does this help us get out of the crisis ? 
   a few years ago what do you mean ? 
  we 're still going down , down , down in the gutter over here . 
   greece 's problems are the result of the eurozone having no fiscal policy what absolute bollocks . 
  our problems are the mainly result of our own policies , even before we joined the euro , as well as european `` help . '', 
  no thank you . 
  you guys also learn ancient greek ? 
  we learn since middle school :d, 
  sadly it 's a dying language . 
  i had a friend who knew a bit from his father , who kinda spoke the language , who learned it in turn from his grandfather who was perfectly fluent ( even dropped some tsakonian when speaking standard , from what my friend told me ) . 
  it 's really sad to see how it fades away , though i guess it 's only natural . 
  there was a bit , but the only government to ever really put the issue forth was syriza and they chickened out shortly after , while the germans have always promptly dismissed the question whenever its brought up . 
  in greece there 's been quite a fuss , but no traditional party has ever really raised the issue , as they all have close ties to german industry . 
  they do , actually , the sums , however , are up to debate . 
  some say 200 billion . 
  others say , with interest included , ( the forced loan of our gold reserves had an interest rate of 5 % if i remember correctly ) it 's somewhere around 500 billion or something , if i remember correctly . 
  i once heard a figure of 800 billion , by a german no less , but that sounds way too much . 
  i 'm not an expert and i do n't really devote much , if any , time to that subject , 'cause , to be honest , there 's no way we 're ever getting that money or that gold back . 
  `` the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must ... '', 
  'cause / r/europe = / r/eu, 
  pretty easily , actually . 
  in exchange for joining the eu we had to shut up about it . 
  also , for a large chunk of the 20th century we were run by us-puppet gov ` ts who had no interest in pursuing one of the usa 's cloest allies and challenging the german debt agreement . 
  and also , west germany claimed that reparations could only be paid by a unified germany and current germany claims that the matter is old so it 's no longer a problem . 
  same with the gold loan . 
  i still fail to see how it 's related to this topic though ... 
  ^ dirty continental peasant  wow i knew we were better ( in terms of civilisation ) than continental world war starting europe but i did n't know the gap was so big . 
  ^ proud british wave-ruiling maste race, 
  checking out wwii and wwi would be a better idea . 
  you do know germany is taking part in the allied operations in syria and is one of the main providers of mlitary material to all factions in the conflict , right ? 
  this is why you can not into space !, 
  mate ... nobody called constantinople `` to the city , '' the ` slang ' terms you 're referring to are basileuousa ( `` the reigning city '' ) or he polis ( `` the city '' ) . 
  both were also used in several imperial documents as synonyms . 
   istanbul is a greek slang phrase tha not it 's not ... 
  it comes from \u03b5\u03b9\u03c2 \u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03a0\u03cc\u03bb\u03b9\u03bd ( eis teen polin - `` to the city '' ) . 
  those last ones are pretty archaic actually , they still retain a lot of the structure , accent and vocabulary of ancient greek . 
  same with cypriot , due to isolation . 
   germany was nothing it 's pretty sad to see germany surpass france , in that case :(, 
  so slashing the public budget , while selling of all public assets and increasing taxation to extreme levels is not meant as punishment ? 
  'cause it certainly is n't a way of giving greece the ability to repay her debts , that 's for sure . 
  and speaking of honouring obligations and contracts , siemens and a few german submarine manufacturers would like a word . 
  wow wow wow who said anything about leaving the eu ? 
  autonomy and independence is n't the same thing , btw you should check it out before using the term . 
  you also do know that if we had defaulted , left the eu or euro etc. 
  in 2008 we would have crushed the european economy right ? 
  i ca n't remember where i saw it , but the first supporter of an eu-style idea was actually austrian . 
  go tell that to north and east germany . 
  becoming a foreign colony is not a solution . 
  solving your own problems is . 
  i never denied them . 
  it 's the completely disproportionate punishment that i do n't approve of . 
  wait until [ the spanish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wjxhy2oxge ) come , fratello !, 
  inb4 `` you deserve this 'cause you stink and you do n't give receipts in coffee shops !!! 111 !!! eleven !!!! '', 
  bonus points for : `` you lived above your means for a decade/two decades/two centuries/since 500bc !, 
  so now you should live in absolute poverty for 200 years and give anything valuable in your country to the dutch and germans for a handfull million eur and then thank them for their help and generosity . '', 
  two traitors then !, 
  inquisition time !!!, 
  seriously , why are n't all eu institutions in brussels ? 
  why do we need a parliament in strasbourg to placate the french , a bank in frankfurt to placate the germans etc ? 
  our bureaucracy is massive as it is , do we really need to spread it out ? 
  lack of urbanisation and industrialisation and lots of corruption , due to a sharp transition from authoritarian gov ` ts to democracies , as well as a genuine , targeted effort by past regimes to keep the european enlightenment as far away from us as possible , to prevent revolts . 
  if you look at cyprus , the ionian islands or northern italy , for example , you 'll see a whole different picture . 
   prostitution that 's illegal in portugal ? 
  you 're welcome !, 
  the southern european countries have a small gathering , in a crypt under the heart of rome . 
  italy : `` brothers , i have gathered you all here , for it seems there is a traitor amongst our ranks ! '', 
  spain : `` we shall find him ! '', 
  everyone : `` s\u00ec ! '', 
  * beat * croatia : `` uh oh ... '', 
   isch i guess they 're too high to care ? 
  he did not threaten to send jihadists , he said that if greece fails , jihadists might easily get through , if i recall correctly . 
  do n't try to pin this on us . 
  what 's more is kammenos is a joke , which is why he barely got enough votes to get into parliament ( even less after those ridiculous comments ) . 
  syriza has raised him way beyond his place out of desparation by including them in their coalition gov ` t. 
  a third of danish people also have normal functioning brains , the study also finds . 
  as my german friends always said `` if they say ik instead of ich , they 're stupid . '', 
  yes , let ' a ll blame it on the americans , what 's next reptillians ?
