  a former minister of the pasok government is also accused of covering up the scandal and trying to keep the justice system from intervening and bringing those involved in the plot to trial . 
  edit : to those downvoting me ... ** i never claimed that accused = guilty ** . 
  i do not know where / u/shotdownrace got that idea from . 
  please stop downvoting the translation & tl ; dr comment so people who have n't seen it yet can see it . 
  wait for it ... 
  maybe we can just demolish the whole thing and start over ? 
  athens needs one of those . 
  the massive urbanisation ( which is similar to rome 's ) post 19th century and especially in the 20th century has made the city a living hell to navigate through and to look at . 
  thanks for the input :d, 
  what 's with yucatan and the rest of mexico ? 
  a friend from there told me that they 're better off than the rest of the country , but the rest of the country also hates them . 
  is that true ? 
  lol no prob man, 
  well this is / r/eu , oops i meant / r/europe , you have a brexiter 's chance of a salt-free visit to the mainland of getting that . 
   france can not do with a federal system, 
  italia can not into unemployment champion , hahahaha . 
   what the hell is in the water in greece ? 
  i dunno , what 's in the states ? 
   you want women to pay for our mistakes , but you `` forgetting '' to wear a condom is okay and you deserve to make the sole decision ? 
  i want to be able to not pay for a baby she decides to keep . 
  if she wants to be a single mother , that 's her problem . 
  if the condom analogy is to specific for you , how about i reverse it and say she forgot to take the pill ? 
  do we at least get a medal or something ? 
  shhhh do n't contradict the feminist hive mind . 
  you forgot to put on a condom so she 's entitled to leech off forever , right ? 
   you wont change it now . 
  i ai n't changing anything in france anytime soon , judging by my flair xd, 
  spain delegates quite a bunch of powers to its regions , but madrid is still dominant . 
  spain is in the awkward position where it has all the bads of a unitary state but none of the goods . 
  italy is even more ... eh ... `` special '' . 
   france can not do with a federal system because idf is simply too rich . 
  if you do not want a federal system you can also do a devolved system or something like the one the netherlands have . 
  i never said the a federal system is the only way to go . 
  for all i care , you can even do a confederate system or turn france into a city state . 
   the level of r&d done there is simply unrivaled in any other region . 
  if you wan na go to a french top engineering school or university you have to leave your region and go to paris . 
  which was brought about by a policy of centralisation ? 
  ever wonder why germany is beating you in every sector even though you had a post-wwii head start , larger territory and more overseas resources ? 
  there 's only so much you can stuff into a capital region . 
  after that , you end up sucking the provinces dry and undermining yourself . 
   because napoleon invented the monarchy or the revolution the departments were created by the national assembly during the revolution , but napoleon used them to their max and showcased their efficiency . 
  under the national assembly they were just as bad as the older regions , with the only difference being that they were no longer ran by nobles . 
   woah that 's a strong and thoughtful point you are making as opposed to your own magnificent and most potent of arguments . 
  can this not devolve into an ad hominem , please ? 
   you are mistaking civil code with jacobinism the civil ( or napoleonic ) code is a legal system , jacobinism is a political ideology . 
  i fail to see how those two are connected . 
  perhaps you 're referring to the fact that the departments first came along under the french revolution 's national assembly ? . . 
   local identities are very weak in france anyway . 
  people are french , they belong to the french nation . 
  local identities are weak in greece too . 
  the point is , you need the locals to care about their region as a whole enough to have an interest in developing it instead of just moving to the capital . 
  of course it is . 
  but paris has imposed its version of the french language , a joint identity and its civic culture over most of france successfully for decades now . 
  france is no longer in the process of nation-building you are a nation . 
  i do n't think that if you gave the provinces the chance to economically develop themselves you 'd get secession and a national crisis all of a sudden . 
  if anything you 'd grow stronger and larger than germany if only due to size , which i would personally love . 
  ps : i 'm athenian . 
  i have to try really hard not to look down on those provincial rascals xd, 
  french unitary state inefficiency at its finest !, 
  just lump a bunch of provinces ( or departments or whatever they 're called this week ) together !, 
  that will surely fix all problems !, 
  when a bunch of places do n't have a joint name it 's usually a sign they should n't be grouped together , but who cares ? 
  mighty greece ( whose administration is a carbon copy for your own ) has dealt with this creating glorious region names such as : `` decentralised administration of peloponnese , western greece and the ionian [ sea ] '' which are anything but decentralised and lack any sense of capable administration and joint local identity/loyalty . 
  jokes aside , can we ( ie . 
  the romance countries & greece ) the get past the napoleonic model of administration already ? 
  in all seriousness , the 19th century is over and federal or devolved states have shown themselves to be much more efficient in developing all their territory instead of the capital region and actually making any province outside the capital matter . 
  yes , the corsicans and cretans might get some scary autonomy , but all systems have their faults . 
   all those jules verne books we read as kids were great fun , but essentially just projecting the trends of his time into the future . 
  jules verne 's predictions were actually pretty accurate . 
  `` in hoc signo vinces '' in greek . 
  and byzantium in greek hands.\u03a4\u039f\u03a5\u03a4\u03a9\u0399 \u039d\u0399\u039a\u0391 !, 
  ionian greek here ( not from the ionian islands , descended from greek refugees of ionia proper , kydonies/ayvalik and smyrna/izmir in particular ) . 
  i share your views , word for word . 
  i even have family on lesbos . 
  we did not flee muslims to have them come to us and serve us the same fate twice , so that some rich guy from psychiko or some northerner from belgium can feel good about themselves . 
  we did not create this problem and we 're not going to `` solve '' it by turning our country into the new france or belgium or germany . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the only thing these illegals are entitled to are tickets home . 
  for those thinking he was , three words : greek civil war . 
   churchill 's home draped in swastikas and turned into hitler 's hq for transformers 5 movie . 
  i 'm still not sober from last night , am i ? 
  tbh most greeks do . 
  it bit us in the ass and it 's not like we could care less about expanding . 
  we 've always mostly been an isolationist people . 
  do n't poke us , we wo n't poke you . 
  shh anyone against the precious eu and democratic establishment is a nazi . 
  i think it 's a great idea , a big reason of why we got here is the fact that the least disliked corrupt party got to reign freely due to the bonus until the next election . 
  if anything , syriza , nd , pasok , potami , anel and dimar will have to work together so they will finally stop pretending to be `` opposed '' to one another and there will be space for some new parties to come out . 
  a here goes our eastern european circlejerk of russia-hating and self-congratulating for the day . 
  see you tomorrow in `` red scare 101 '' . 
  none at all . 
  the kgb never went away ... ever heard of the fsb ? 
   ship every single immigrant to those two countries , and others like them who advocate open borders , then put up fences . 
  so ship everyone to germany and sweden ? 
  sounds like a solid plan ... 
  italy is europe . 
  translation : https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=el&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nooz.gr%2fgreece%2fsugkroiseis-kai-foties-sto-hot-spot-tis-morias&amp;sandbox=1 ( i tried writing a better one but my computer kept crushing . 
  sorry about that . ), 
  who 's that ? 
  well once that article is triggered , verhofstad will still be the chief negotiator . 
  then what ?
