  what about his actions was insane ? 
  if by trying you mean doing everything that was asked of us , every single one . 
  now for how many of these years was the eu trying ? 
  maybe we should . 
   getting greece out of this , asap i 'm fairly certain that northern countries who profit from our state have anything but an interest in getting us out asap . 
  i do honestly believe this is happening , but somehow i 'm not sure lithuania 's awesome intelligence services are the most credible source around ... 
  economic growth ? 
  where did they find this crap ? 
  http://www.efsyn.gr/arthro/ufesi-kai-v-trimino-toy-2016 edit : ah yes , downvotes without replies by eu austerity fanboys , the emblem of an intelligent discussion . 
  and then people wonder why so few brits who are n't pro-eu come on this sub after brexit . 
  i love how you yanks can take a joke , unlike lots of butthurt europeans ( greeks included ) on this sub . 
  be well , man !, 
  he did kinda secularise and reform the country , even though he was a horrible despot and all , which is the opposite of what erdogan is doing with his power . 
  fun fact : meme comes from the ancient greek \u03bc\u03b7\u03bc\u03ae\u03b4\u03b9\u03bf\u03bd . 
  we had memes before it was cool . 
  that would be an insult to the shah xd, 
  the us is sparta now ? 
  i thought spartans threw fat and disabled people off of cliffs . 
  god is a serb , after all . 
  that 's also the case in greece for turks . 
  we can agree on more or less authority ... is it so hard to understand ? 
  a voluntary union can be given more or less authority . 
  i 'm against federalism and the euro . 
  for all i care , the eu should either loosen up a lot or be abolished altogether . 
  sooooo if we forced sexual intercourse upon them , is that good parenting ? 
   the euro is a level playing and it 's not germany 's fault other do n't take advantage of that . 
  yes why do n't we `` take advantage '' of it and compete with a nation with more industry , resources , landmass , population , capital and influence ? 
  i wonder ... 
  it 's not like we ** ca n't ** . 
  care to spare some gold for [ kapodistrias 's ] ( https://www.eda.admin.ch/countries/greece/en/home/switzerland-and/ioannis-kapodistrias.html ) sake ? 
  we wo n't waste it , pinky promise . 
  sooooo ... since we 've slashed our wages and pensions so much , when are the factories going to start popping up ? 
  we 're `` productive '' now , the oecd agrees . 
  oh yes , why , what will happen ? 
  will somebody suddenly invade and dismantle a major world power ? 
  or will the italians decide to go reverse-risorgimento and break up ? 
  no they simply disable all isis fighters ' feet permanently and leave them as sitting ducks for our aircraft . 
  italy will still exist after ... 
  the eu will not . 
  hence the eu will be the only casualty . 
  my bad , have n't checked on it for ages , assumed it kept going down . 
  i guess you do n't know the meaning of irony . 
  i never said the comparison is invalid ... 
  i just pointed out that people immediately resort to nazi comparisons all the time . 
  if they deploy lego landmines , isis is doomed . 
  yes , i 'm certain the eu caused no problems to the uk and the entire electorate was too stupid to judge which problems were and were not caused by the eu , while only your enlightened , wise & all-knowing person can make that distinction . 
  somehow , this platonic elitism is precisely what i would expect from an eu supporter . 
  mate that sounds like a vacation ... 
  the greek military is mostly serving 6 ( or 9 if you go navy or af ) months on some remote border region or rocky , tiny island , cleaning plates and practicing with horrible , late cold-war era german , american and french weapons while expecting the imaginary turk to cross the border and invade . 
  it only ever gets nearly exciting if you 're on the gr-tr land border , but then you have to worry about getting shot by drug smugglers . 
  godwin , here we go again ... 
  acronyms in what ? 
   decadent decadent refers to moral or cultural decline ... gay-friendliness has nothing to do with it . 
  the extreme differences in wealth distribution do , however . 
   it seems to me like the weimar republic was the best form of government that had ever existed in germany until that point . 
  in theory . 
  in practice , however , extremist groups and frequent coups and revolutions , as well as a storng military-politics relationship due to prussian heritage made it the embodiment of an unstable , failed state . 
  oh i 'm sorry he 's definately far-left then . 
  yes let 's throw la\u00efcit\u00e9 to the bin 'cause special snowflake muslims want to `` fight radicalisation . '', 
  how about this ? 
  reform or get out . 
  we do n't need you and we certainly do n't want you unless you reform . 
  tbh that religion is so anti-western it ca n't even reform , its followers need to abandon it all together , but reforming would at least be a step in the right direction . 
  so the eu will be a casualty . 
  not italy ... 
  shh , do n't you remember , the eu is all for democracy , as long as you choose what they want you to , of course ... and people still wonder why the uk left . 
  i was under the impression that was california , but then i remembered california had an economy xd, 
   florida it 's always florida , is n't it ? 
  you 're welcome   the comparison of dutch and english is actually pretty apt , as 1300 years ago they were basically still one language . 
  out of curiosity , how did that come about ? 
  kin was obviously traitor to proletariat . 
  should have been sent to gulag . 
  summary execution was too merciful . 
  oh my bad then , i should have been more clear . 
  no way the loan is that much on its own . 
  he was making a joke , chill out mate . 
   greece would have been off worse aswell though if greece had gone bankrupt . 
  how so ? 
   it was not , but that does not mean that it did not also benefit greece . 
  in what way ? 
   how often did we prevent greece from going bankrupt ? 
  you do know that if we went bankrupt until 2012 , it would have damaged your economy severly , right ? 
  in 2008 , in particular , we would have sunk the entire eu banking sector . 
  if you wanted us to go bankrupt , you should have done it , we 'd both be in the gutter instead of only one of us . 
  personally i 'd like that . 
  bankrupt states should go bankrupt , not extend and pretend . 
   yeah how many billions did germany/the ez lend greece again when nobody else wanted ? 
  you got plenty in return , do n't try to say otherwise . 
  this was n't a philanthropic mission . 
   do all greeks learn ancient greek ? 
  yep , no exceptions . 
  people focusing on sciences get lighter curriculum , but most can recite or at least translate . 
   what kind of curriculum do you have ? 
  in gymnasium ( grades 7-9 ) we learn basic grammar , syntax and structure , so by its end we can translate some basic texts . 
  think of it like getting a levels in any language . 
  in lycaeum ( grades 10-12 ) we get the equivalent of b levels , everything in an ancient greek class is in ancient greek , we have to properly translate everything , learn all the grammar and syntax etc. 
  we also start learning latin . 
  in university , those choosing to go in theoretical fields ( history , language , law etc. ), 
  have to master ancient greek , since we use it for lots of official terminology , as well as latin . 
   do you pronounce upsilon differently when you read ancient greek ?
