  not only is that illegal , it 's ineffective as heck . 
  the funds were not to sink people , they were to set up those infamous hotspots everyone has been going on about . 
  could i hear your solution ? 
  on top of that , we have 2 meanings for kalamaki !, 
  takes true wisdom !, 
  well not exactly their right de jure , but they can certainly de facto do it . 
  to pull a quote from our own history , that the athenians adressed to the melians : `` the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . '', 
  i was n't playing the hitler card , i was drawing an ironic ( i even wrote it ) parable between your generalisation and one someone could very easily make about your own nation . 
  we had been asking for funds to protect the border for months before the crisis started but nobody listen . 
  also the only way to `` protect '' the border , even if you move it further north , is through violence . 
  just like we saw recently on fyrom 's border when a few thousand migrants were able to break a police wall and greek police had jump in and pull them back . 
  what do you think will happen when 70,000 people gather on that border ? 
  do you think 600 cops will hold them back ? 
  i was asking how we ( see that greek flag ) could have stopped them , without using bullets . 
  greece did n't bankrupt the eu ; apart from that being unrelated it is entirely economically false . 
  if anything , greece acted as a conduit ( and a sacrificial lamb of sorts ) for funds to save other eu countries banks , without having the political cost of another bailout for their own leaders . 
  how do you declare them not to be refugees when we do n't have individual data on them as they do n't have papers ? 
  according to un law until you can prove someone not to be a refugee they should be considered as such . 
  i see why you might have that question , but ( for better or wrose ) un laws on refugees give such a broad definition , that we ca n't really do that . 
  well they kinda are , but it 's too little too late . 
  we had been calling for this for quite a while before it started , but the same populist leaders had cultivated the image of the begging greek , italian etc. 
  so much that their electorates were against it , resulting in the current debacle . 
  it 's a shame if you ask me . 
  we 're getting divided and showing our worst selves , all so that a few pms here and there can earn a couple of votes . 
  europe should be above this , we ought to be an example to the world , not be a theatre to display humanity 's worst instincts for everyone to see . 
  what about those who are n't economic migrants , the refugees ? 
  also what about those who are currently in the country ? 
  the former wo n't stop coming , cause they did n't exactly have a choice about leaving , the latter ca n't exactly be kicked out without massive resources , which we do n't have . 
  i love how hungarians are sto hostile to migration , when they have one of the largest diasporas in the world . 
  exactly how do you propose we stop them from coming to our islands ? 
  bullets ? 
  i love how austrians love to always push off bigger problems on one specific group of people . 
  no wonder hitler came from austria . 
  ( see the irony ? ), 
  under international law the greek navy and coast gaurd are obliged to save them should their boat sink in greek waters , which they did . 
  under international law on refugees we can not stop them from entering europe . 
  from that point on we had to take them to athens , because they literally outnumber the populations of the islands so they could n't be supported . 
  there were no camps near athens , we made one near the old market , but the only suitable facilities we had were the former immigrant detention camps in the north which had been closed down as per eu law in 2015 . 
  many left athens and headed up north and we had no means to stop them , while others left the camps ( not having fences around because they had been taken down kinda does that ) . 
  not fine , but not illegal either . 
  sorry , i could n't find a better word , i hope you got the idea . 
  turkey has n't agreed to a re-patriation yet . 
  thanks to the unilateral and illegal action of slovenia , fyrom and serbia were also forced to close their borders ( austria denied all involvement , not surprisingly ) so they 'll probably be stuck in the camp . 
  so how is that related to the sack of constantinople ? 
  there is n't much reason to apply for asylum in a country that ca n't even support its own citizens ... refugees are n't stupid they know that . 
  you said that the italians ( venetians specifically ) are also good removers of kebab ( which you are , historically ) but i pointed out that if it was n't for venice sacking constantinople we would n't even need to remove the kebab , 
  so what exactly are we supposed to do if `` erdogan is gaming us '' ? 
  unless you noticed it 's merkel he 's gaming . 
  by your logic , as long as non-europeans ( like the mongol ancestors of the finns ) can not get to finland , everyone else can drown ? 
  sharing the burden is the whole point of a union , if you 're not willing to do that then just leave . 
  and her biting back let the ottomans into europe . 
  hence , since this a kebab-removal conversation , they failed big time . 
  even if i like venice , one can not help but see that they 're directly responsible for letting the ottomans into europe , which eventually led to their own downfall as well . 
  how can we register them when we do n't even have the equipment for that ? 
  we would but guess who demanded we cut spending on police and border security ? 
  the v4 cunts . 
  guess who sent 0 help when we were asking for it ? 
  the v4 cunts . 
  of course we want to share the burden , we ca n't lift an international crisis on our own shoulders . 
  we 're talking about the spanish helping us reconquer lands from the turks and saracens after the sack . 
  the persians did not want to settle greece . 
  the persians did not settle subjugated territories , they taxed them and gave them autonomy . 
  i have no interest in talking with someone who considers crimes against humanity an `` option '' . 
  i just hope that you never have to be part of such a `` choice '' . 
  fellow human beings who had guns and were coming to kill us , not refugees fleeing war caused by northern european countries arming rebels in their homelands . 
  obviously you have no idea of what the word union means . 
  we do n't have the resources to feed or house them and our education funding is shrinking by the day , how will they even get degrees ? 
  we do n't push them forward you fucktard . 
  they go on on their own . 
  we ca n't stop them from doing that , it 's against un conventions on refugees . 
  by that same logic the allies should have followed the degaulle doctrine after wwii and turned you into poland ii . 
  but hey , i guess your own country is a special exception . 
  also , how do you stop a sinking boat ? 
  the london agreement taught them nothing , did it ? 
  hopefully some day they 'll be in the same shit again and they 'll get the treatment they deserve ... they 've earned it . 
  so we should shoot people ? 
  or drown them ? 
  to `` defend our sovereingty '' ? 
  there is something superior to selfish national pride and the like : human lives . 
  nevermind the fact that we 'd become an international pariah of the n. korea variety , we 'd be killing fellow human beings !, 
  what the hell do people do where you 're from ? 
  was the holocaust also `` germany deciding its fate '' ? 
  scum like you disgust me . 
  grow our population ? 
  with people who do n't speak our language , have no recognisable degrees and skills and until they get either have to be fed by us ? 
  nevermind the fact that we can not literally fit them in the country ... also our debt is unpayable , hence why we should have defaulted , about as unpaible as the debts the allies ( us included ) forgave you in 1953 . 
  being annexed by their surrounding countries ? 
  all of the above ? 
  seems to me like they deserved it after all . 
  well you guys are welcome to give us a helping hand anytime xd . 
  people in greece kinda hate the us because of the 70s junta and the civil war , but before that we considered you our best ally . 
  i could certainly see you becoming that again , because even if we hate your foreign policy we respect you way more than the europeans , cause unlike them at least you can get shit done . 
  edit : actually under metaxas kke was almost eradicated . 
  had the germans not invaded the civil war would have probably never happened because there would be nobody for the right wing to fight . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a good thing but they won anyway , so might as well have the same outcome it like that without a civil war . 
  the occupation gave the leftists the space and soviet support to be active again . 
  unless the french decide to veto it of course . 
  also you 're not carrying anything on your back , you 're the only ones making money from this whole affair . 
  if you were part of the empire why did you sack constantinople ? 
  first of all you were n't arguing with me before so i do n't need to blow off steam .
