  indeed . 
  but can we hope on that , since they 're so busy with the uk ? 
  a pair of aces ? ... 
  unless germany gives greece and major haircut , the imf is pulling out and without the imf , guess who 's going to have to shoulder the debt of the entire suicidal programme ? 
  the problem is , that the only gov ` ts willing to enforce austerity and shell everyhting off cheaply to german companies are the ones which would be destroyed if actual reform took place . 
  as long as germany keeps backing nd and the like every time we have an election , they are n't going to see any reform or progress . 
  says the guy whose country was rebuilt by the us after fucking up , big time , twice ... 
  it also had to do with the fact that wwii showed us what happens when you force a country into the dirt all the time , but hey let 's ignore that . 
  apart form that , you need a large , active threat to force you to show the same decency that was shown to you ? 
  how about russia 's expansion into eastern europe and the fact that if the eu collapses , germany 's exports will go to shit ? 
  i fully agree . 
  a big mistake many people make is seeing the idea of german dominance in the eu as a black and white thing : one has to be either a full on germanophile , worshipping germany for her leading role and sincere concern for other nations or one has to demonise the german nation as nothing short of nazis and economic imperialists , who caused the eurozone crisis for their own benefit . 
  in reality , however , germany did not cause this debacle , but they are taking advantage of it , just like they do actually have superior influence to everyone else in eu institutions , acting as the `` boss '' of the block , even if nobody necessarily asked for them to do so . 
  this is n't because germans are inherently evil , it 's just because merkel has certain economic expansionist policies in mind which , let 's face it , are supported by the majority of germans . 
  the austerity-crowd is germany 's way of refusing to admit a mistake , while milking the currently weaker southern european countries as much as they can . 
  since a lot of their exports go to the austerity affected countries , it 's started to hurt them too , but just like greeks are not known for our economic prowess and hindsight , germans are not known for easily admitting mistakes and changing courses . 
  you 're irish , mate . 
  ireland is one of the british isles . 
  exactly how do increased taxes and decreased incomes classify as `` reforms that would save a country '' ? 
  talking shit is easy , but talking economics is much harder . 
  oh you have no idea . 
  but lots of people are actually in support of reverting to the drachma right now . 
  when you left an agrarian society after a massive civil war and wwii and put all your life and energy into building a modern , urban life , it 's kinda hard to go back , do n't you think ? 
  we do n't consider it to be `` below us '' . 
  most greeks ' parents were farmers and fishers and many still do the latter . 
  we just find it hard to go back into it , out of the blue . 
  can you imagine the british isles reverting to pre-industrial era economies and societies overnight ? 
  i 've mostly just given up at this point . 
  i just hope that at some point our economy can get back on track and we give their lot a big middle finger and never deal with them again . 
  i used to be a european federalist and believe that europe was a `` family '' of nations , but right now i 'm all for isolationism . 
  fuck globalisation and fuck the eu . 
  we could and should take a couple of pages from australia 's book . 
  well , to be fair , metaxas did create ika and do a large number of public works . 
  on top of that he did not commit genocide , nor did he discriminate on a racial basis ( frizis for example , like many jews , was held to high esteem ) . 
  most of his majour `` crimes '' were against kke and seeing how fanatic both sides were during that period of history , you ca n't exactly blame him for it . 
  he was n't a great leader , but he was n't horrible either . 
  he is certainly is historic , however . 
  why ca n't we have more people like you ? 
  an important distinction is that metaxists , like italian fascists , did not believe in racial purity and ethnic cleansing , only in cultural superiority . 
  also , metaxas himself actually admired mussolini and , to a much lesser extent , hitler . 
  golden dawn is kinda a lame version of metaxists , they 're much more a generic neo-nazi group . 
  an actual metaxist group would have a much higher chance of winning the elections and would be far scarier . 
  indeed . 
  and did i mention hellsing is coming to reality ? 
  it 's funny to hear a german say `` help fix what 's wrong '' , when they 're the ones who never back down in any deal . 
  it will , but all the tentacle monsters clouting your skies will prevent its light from reaching you . 
  here we go again ... 
  this deserves more upvotes !, 
  well gun ownership did skyrocket after the migrant crisis started . 
  when lots of people have easy access to guns , america has already proven what happens . 
  my italian sucks xd, 
  if you 're talking about germany it is . 
  there 's quite a big difference in teaching kids some military stuff and mass genocide . 
  venizelos was actually winning . 
  it 's when we replaced him that we lost xd, 
  italy - una faccia , una razza serbia - orthodox balkan bros cyprus - two thirds of it are practically greek turkey - we have a strained history , but we 've been next to each other for so long we 've kinda grown together, 
  where 's constantinople ? 
  foot me irl !, 
  two balkan wars and a revolution say otherwise :d, 
   some other tunisian city ? 
  implying tunisia has any other city . 
  how did i do ? 
  turkey calling someone else ( greeks of all people ) barbarians ? 
  lol any day 's a good day to fight mongols . 
  yeah we would . 
  that 's what our first civil war would be about , 
  and so horribly in everything else . 
  nope . 
  greek fishermen from crete and carpathos . 
  great britain does not concern herself with colonial peasants . 
  let me guess ... does orban also think obama is illuminati ? 
  the pap test for women 's brest cancer , named after greek doctor georgios papanikolaou , who created it . 
  dimitris nanopoulos was also one of the principal scientists behind the [ flipped su5 model ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flipped_su%285%29 ) and on the leading scientists in cern . 
  because i ca n't understand why he feels the need to mention it . 
  it 's never mentioned 'cause it 's not related , genius . 
  then why did he mention it ? 
  eu and the confederation of the rhine : spot the differences , pro level . 
   and lets not forget what the russians and armenian 's did to the muslim pontic 's which justifies the pontic genocide , how ? 
  i finally get to post [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnfvjc99yy ) , somewhere . 
  so you 're admitting that these policies are not sound ? 
  i never claimed that we did n't , to a large degree , bring this upon ourselves . 
  i merely argued that these policies are suicidal , counter-productive and downright moronic , which you seem to have just conceded . 
   it 's up to you to decide how you accomplish it . 
  it 's not up to us . 
  we get explicit instructions on what policies to enforce . 
   the rates could be lower if people/companies actually paid taxes . 
  the huge tax evasion has been criticized since the beginning of the crisis and nobody has done anything about it . 
  extremely high taxes encourgae people to evade paying them . 
  if taxes are lowered , then people will pay them , mostly because paying all your taxes in greece right now , as a small business , is a recipe for bankruptcy . 
  have you looked at our monolithic tax rates ? 
  do you know how many business we lose every day ? 
  our gdp is more than 1/3 less than what it was before the whole affair . 
  * that * is the source of income we have and we are cutting . 
  the eu is supposed to be mad eup of democratic , equal members . 
  we do n't need germany , or anyone else for that matter , to lead . 
   but i guess conspiracy theories are more entertaining . 
  what conspiracy theories ? 
   4 words : weapons of mass destruction the cia 's reports to the white house informed bush that iraq did not have wmds . 
  the us executive branch of gov ' t is not the same as the cia . 
   but really , you just referred to a cia leak which is demonstrably wrong : they thought we would blackmail the germans .
