  i 'm all for that except we ca n't afford lrads for all the ships needed and most of the boats get sunk by refugees themselves so we have to either let them drown or get them onto our boats . 
  :( we 're screwed either way . 
  honestly , if you 're going to try to come over , at least have the decency to not sink your own boat with your family inside it . 
  it was also perfectly effective in demonstrating the kind of unity and solidarity europe has : none . 
  * muscovia add turcia to that and i 'm game . 
  remob ottomans from premises already !!!!, 
  the seljuqs were turks , if i remember correctly . 
  so where the ottomans . 
  and once they run out of oil , they 'll be golden shitholes covered in sand . 
  you forgot six zeroes there . 
  it 's 500,000,000,000 . 
  the whole solar system was albanian before the greeks came along . 
  i never claimed greeks are pure , genius . 
  i claimed they were assimilated , just like greeks assimilated several foreigners and several foreign cultures ( especially turks ) assimilated greeks . 
   how come our language has no connection whatsoever with the caucasus people ? 
  how come we have so many borrowed words from old latin ? 
  bulgarians ' language has no connection to caucasian languages either , yet they came from there . 
  there 's no such thing as old latin , only latin . 
  even germans have latin loanwords , it 's called crusaders and catholicism . 
  if they were there from before , why did nobody write anything about them ? 
  also , caucasus does n't have one language it has a mutlitude , precisely because it 's a melting pot . 
  i do n't think that all the balkans were greek genius , but they were n't albanian either . 
  bulgarians are thracian ? 
  dayum , i could have sworn they were a mix of slavs and caucasians . 
  turks did n't encourage trade , they heavily taxed it but that 's another story . 
  those thracians were integrated into the greek nation through the magic of byzantine public education . 
  also that land was n't turkish , it was greek land under ottoman occupation . 
  unless that ukraine lives in moscow , in which case he did come over , he just happened to be within the borders of the same state . 
   do n't be ridiculous . 
  have you seen at the old maps ? 
  how can you possibly say it was ethnically greek . 
  i have and me and byzantinologists seem to agree . 
  for most of its existence , the empire was limited to traditioanlly greek and hellenised areas , such as anatolia and the southern balkans . 
  it does n't take a genius to understand that . 
   oh so you believe we came over much later , from the other part of the world apparently . 
  it is strange how no one ever wrote about the migration of this group of people however . 
  we know when bulgarians came , when serbs came , when turks came , even when greeks came but somehow nobody bothered to write something down when the albanians came . 
  they just magically teleported from caucasus in the balkans . 
  they did n't get land in the east , from where they came on top of that . 
  they managed to go through turks , bulgarians , serbs and greeks , land in the west on the sea . 
  we do n't know about the migrations of many groups of people , it 's nothing new . 
  this is what most ethnologists consider to be the most likely scenario , since albanians have no linguistic and cultural link to the other peoples in the region and those who lived in the area before them . 
   not that integration ( aka assimilation ) is something good . 
  in my opinion it is . 
  a nation can not function properly if it is split into thousands of different factions , it needs to be united so that everyone looks out for the common , national interests , instead of those of their specific group . 
   those greeks from anatolia are helenised natives * hellenised . 
  there were greek colonists in asia minor you know , long before alexander 's conquests . 
  unless homer , pythagoras and thales were hellenised anatolians , that is . 
  most contemporary people outside of it reffered to it as the greek empire , not the roman empire . 
  the empire was adminitistratively roman but ethnically greek . 
  those populations were assimilated into the greek nation , so much so the gemistus pletho said `` we ( the byzantines ) are greek as our education and our language can attest to . '', 
   you do n't get to say that my ancestors came over . 
  they have been part of that empire for as long as your ancestors have been . 
  wrong again . 
  my ancestors were in the empire 's southern areas which were the last to fall . 
  yours were in the north , which fell repeatedly and easily . 
  additionally , albanians as an ethnic group originate from the caucasus . 
  ouchhhhhh shots fired !!!!, 
  one man 's satire 's another man 's propaganda . 
  i never claimed racial purity . 
  but that land was greek . 
  kastoria specifically has some of the oldest ancient greek settlements . 
  before that 1500 year empire ( the latter half of which was byzantine and thus greek ) this land belonged to the greek nation , as it is now . 
  greeks from anatolia are ethnically greek and have ancestry from mainland greece . 
  furthermore , anatolian greeks integrated into greek society and did not claim to be a separate ethnic group . 
  aromanians did not . 
   your government never recognized any minority except for the turks of thrace who have their own seats in parliament and special status . 
   my own great-grandfather used to live in a village near kastoria . 
  nobody invited your great grandfather to come over ( nor his ancestors ) and we did n't conquer that land . 
  he or his ancestors came there during a time when we were not independent . 
  once we regained our independence , he was given the choice to adapt to our own costums or go back to where he or his ancestors came from , if he loved it so much . 
  evidently , he chose the latter . 
  well , too bad . 
  we are a nation state . 
  we never conquered those aromanians ' lands , they came and settled our lands . 
  once we regained our independence , it 's only natural that we do n't cater to foreign invaders . 
  they can adapt to our independent state , or go back north to where their ancestors came from . 
  i have no quarel with romanians and aromanians , but that 's how nations work . 
  oh my bad, 
   us ... uhhh is n't that an american flair ? 
  seeing how aromanians always sided with our enemies ( turks , italians , nazis etc. ), 
  i ca n't possibly think why we would do that ... never mind the fact that most of that repression came under dictatorial regimes that we had no power over ... 
  if it makes you feel any better , those regimes enforced the use of katharevousa which most ordinary greeks ( especially non-athenians ) had no clue how to properly use . 
   should the british vote against brexit , perhaps by 55 % or 60 % rather than 50.1 % , then that would be a mandate somebody needs to teach the man who wrote this joke of an article about the basic concepts of democracy . 
  in democracy it does n't matter if the majority is by a single vote , if it 's still a majority it 's a mandate . 
  we ca n't start setting quotas for votes we do n't like , otherwise we 'll end up having a democracy in name only . 
  what if it were a 50.1 % remain vote ? 
  i doubt the writer would show the same attitude . 
  the nerve some people have ...  then the british should stop doing the things that have irritated the rest of europe for years : special requests , self-pity and wretched haggling over every last detail . 
  says the german . 
  everyone has special requests in the eu ( hence our current state of disunion ) and haggling over every last detail seems to be the staple of german foreign policy these days . 
   and yes , the eu actually supported greece to a reasonable extent in all of these issues . 
  perhaps you missed it , because you do n't count it as `` support '' unless it 's to an unreasonable extent . 
  such as ? 
   as for how we 've been repaying them , we 've been repaying europe by supporting putin , literally having our pm stand by his side , while he militarily threatens countries like poland and romania . 
  we 've been repaying europe by repeatedly attempting extortion against them , and by slandering them and calling them extortioners and loansharks . 
  romania and poland blocked our borders . 
  why should we show solidarity when they do n't ? 
  if everyone looks out for their own interests , then why should n't we ? 
  also , when did we blackmail the eu ?
