  shhh , you 're obviously a neo-nazi euroskeptic , who just does n't like them 'cause of their skin colour and funny cuisine . 
  / s do n't worry , just some people virtue-signalling . 
  1000 years is nowhere near ancient ... the french , germans , italians , greeks etc , all of them are ancient peoples , proud too . 
  hungary is much mroe recent . 
  athens big . 
  athens soon to be great again . 
  prepare for delian league 3.0 . 
  sorry if i sound hostile . 
  anyway , most mountains are connected if you dig deep enough . 
  but , geographically pindus and crete are about as related as corfu and santorini . 
  epirus is n't a mountain and it is n't connected to the alps ... epirus is a region , the mountain range you 're thinking of is pindus ... crete is an island , it ca n't connect to taygetus , let alone pindus ... 
  wrong . 
  the concept of nation existed as far back as the ancient times . 
  to give you a clue about greeks themselves , gemistus pletho commonly spoke of a greek nation , a notion shared by most byzantine greeks , while your own spanish crusaders described how `` selfish and regionalist '' the greek `` nation '' was . 
  aristotle made numerous works speaking of the greek nation and panhellenism was a very strong movement at the time of philip of macedon . 
  to quote one of aristotle 's works : `` the greek nation is ruled excellently [ ... ] and would dominate were it fortunate enough to be united into a common state . '', 
  just because some of us got the concept of nationhood later than others , does n't mean it 's in any way modern . 
  allow me to quote our good friend aristotle then : `` the greek nation is ruled excellently [ ... ] and would dominate , where it fortunate enough to be united into a common state . '', 
  there 's lots of ancient and proud european nations . 
  hungary could be proud , but they certainly are n't ancient . 
  there 's lots of ancient and proud european nations . 
  hungary could be proud , but they certainly are n't ancient . 
  nation = / = state greece has been a nation before hungary was even a concept . 
   proud and ancient european hungary ? 
  lol, 
  either one , would have the same effect . 
  the pm of a country that gains money from the uk 's eu membership and has lots of immigrants living in the uk , sending money back , asks the uk to stay in ... is he tryin ' to strengthen the leave campaign or what ? 
  `` you dare vote brexit ? 
  you might as well have murdered jo cox yourself !!!! '', 
  seriously , the eurocrats ' contempt for democracy and treatment of citizens like children is getting to absolutely ridiculous levels now . 
  tell us about it ... 
  i 'm fairly certain 1368 and 1958 are very different years . 
  apart from the fact that mycaenean greece is shown to extend all the way to macedon ... why the heck is corfu shown as albanian ? 
   they have n't evolved much in my opinion , they seem to be genuinely honest and well intentioned but also dramatically unprepared and unexperienced . 
  ^ this to add on top of it , athenians had quite a lot of exceptionalism . 
  we considered oursleves to be the `` purest '' ionians ( and thus the `` purest '' greeks ) and we considered ourselves destined to unite greece and rule all greek city states . 
  in ancient greece , while all people recognised they were greek , greek was an identity similar to `` european '' nowadays . 
  we are all european , but we all primarily care for our own nation-state first and europe second and most people would laugh at the idea of a single european `` nation . '', 
  greeks had similar but seperate dialects of greek , the same religion ( with some regional differences ) and a common history and ancestry . 
  likewise most europeans have a common religion ( christianity with its denominations ) , related languages ( european languages , despite their various branches have lots of similarites and loanwords ) and common history/ancestry ( to a large extent , especially because of mixing ) . 
  but just like an athenian felt first athenian and greek second , we all feel * insert european nation * first and european second . 
  a truly united greek nation came through hte conquests of alexander the great and through roman/byzantine rule . 
  one can only wonder what ( if anything ) will ever get us a common european identity ( which we will willingly accept , instead of have forced upon us , the eu way ) . 
  * if i understood correctly , you said that our question mark is also a semi-colon , while we just have a different semi-colon . 
  * no , we just have different punctuation . 
  damn . 
  an actual kemalist . 
  we need more people like you , you 'd make a nice neighbour . 
  `` a tsipras always pays his debts . '', 
  cow lung soup , why not ? 
  troy is n't sacking itself . 
  are n't celts and germans different ? 
  [ vve destroyed yov once , vve vvill do it again !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attalus_i ) [ more than once , actvally !, 
  apart from some awesome ouzo and tons of refugees , they have a really funny dialect and soem cool local customs . 
  special does n't necessarily mean bad  . 
  making it not deadly . 
  macedonians are greeks !, 
  * 200 % triggered *, 
  well , when you kill an animal you use it for food . 
  when you sacrifice it you kinda waste i - * gets hit by lightning *, 
  all of the aegean islands are rather special . 
  i 'm saying that as someone half of whose family are islanders , 
  yov vvo n't be able to stop vs , barbarian scvm !, 
  [ * marching with ten legions * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drb6tkoku10 ), 
  i love how in the first line of that protest you can already spot a foreigner xd, 
  i do n't think most of them really believe in it . 
  most greeks hardly believe in christianity itself , nowadays . 
  they just do it to keep traditions alive , i guess ( and 'cause it 's kinda cool & we all need a hobby ) . 
  sums up every greek kid at around 2-3 grade . 
  they kinda co-exist in our mind until reality hits and we have to choose either one ( or , increasingly , neither ) . 
  lol, 
  the romans gave us quite a lot mate ... not the least of which is peace and organisation , which made greece the most prosperous part of the empire . 
  that aside , the romans made us all citizens and greek was an official language of the empire , while most greek cities were federated cities ie . 
  autonomous . 
  hardly a bad deal . 
  deal . 
  oh mighty zeus , please do not strike us with lightning for sending you this lot of asshats !, 
  can we sacrifice our national debt ? 
  failing that our politicians ? 
  apokries is a greek holiday near easter which originates directly from ancient festivities in the name of dionysus . 
  we all dress up and , traditionally , get wasted and laid . 
  nowadays it 's mostly for the kids to dress up and for some carnivals to happen but some people like keeping traditions alive and authentic , 
  we should graeco-roman world again . 
  you know , you get to civilise the north-west barbarians and we get the south-east and after a while we go byzantine and join the two . 
  frak it . 
   you know , besides fucking stalinists who wanted to establish their own dictatorship papandreou was a stalinist ? 
  first of it i 'm hearing . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right , but that 's a whole other affair . 
   greeks supported were either far-right or far-left authoritarians , democracy extremely wrong . 
  the instability mainly stemmed from the fact that papandreou 's centrists wanted to abolish the monarchy and his son was revealed to have taken part in a plan to overthrow the king . 
  most parties boycotted the elections after because papandreou was forced to resign . 
  the communists had been outlawed following the civil war and as for the far right ... the junta never neglected to thank the `` benevolent allied us gov ` t '' . 
  and that 's without checking us diplomatic cables in advance of the coup , where the us embassy implied its approval and did not notify the greek gov ' t of plans for a coup . 
  well , i kinda got taught the hard way . 
  yep . 
  especially mykonos . 
  i mean , milo yannopoulos is from the cyclades , what else do you need to know ? 
  that would be cool , could ya ? 
  i 'm curious .
