  if the eu was a country , we 'd have one team in each sport and we 'd have much less . 
  it 's only reasonable that we get the most since we have over twenty olympic teams from highly developed countries that pour millions into their sports combined . 
  how about they post a chart of how the eu parliament has no power to propose legislation and how the eu oligarchy works ? 
  why ? 
  does that prohibit me from stating that a sovereign country is superior to a province of another country ? 
  how so ? 
   why they just ca n't leave other nations alone , but must keep expandind all the time . . 'cause they 're imperialists like every major power that has ever existed in all of history ? 
   push for more integration i 'm so used to listening to that phrase concerning the eu i can not take it seriously in any other context . 
   georgia ( country ) chill out mate , we do n't need that , we ai n't yanks . 
  if you ask me , it 's stupid to have a `` country '' disclaimer next to a country that 's much older than the us state and is a sovereign nation ( and therefore superior to said state ) . 
  what we need is a `` us state '' disclaimer next to the american georgia . 
  `` video not available in your country . '', 
  god damn it, 
  gay * jewish * reptilians . 
  do n't forget , the jews are always behind everything . 
  greek ones too . 
  i 'm a `` fascist '' for wanting less migration and a reduction of the public sector . 
   we just want to cure our country from several diseases , so it could heal . 
  that legit is exactly the same thing the leader of the greek junta said about the greek coup of 1967 . 
  what 's with the far right and their doctor metaphors ? 
  you ca n't try to topple it and expect them not to fight back . 
  imperialism is bad , i agree , but it 's their back yard . 
  we have bigger threats than russia . 
  actually i was as pro-brexit as it gets . 
  i do believe nato was crated to counter the spread of communism . 
  the cold war is over . 
  what purpose does nato serve , that the eu can not serve for europe , other than reduce us to us client states ? 
   democracy 's can people stop using - 's and - s ' as a plural ? 
  the apostrophe is used to denote that something/someone belongs to something/someone . 
  the plural you 're all looking for is - ies . 
  that would be us , for turkey at least . 
  you act as if you saved europe by amputating her . 
   and the acropolis i did say that . 
  i think anti-war is anti-offensive , not anti-defensive . 
  you do n't have a choice if your country is defending . 
  granted , politicians should have some degree of flexibility but changing your entire platform is like giving those who elected you a big middle finger . 
  she did invite a ton of people and since many of them are not syrians , she might as well have invited the entire third world . 
  at least that 's what i think he was trying to say . 
  granted , he is n't very skilled in speech ( whether written or verbal ) but we should n't just dismiss his arguments because he is a `` donaldist '' . 
  i believe he meant the potus , since [ we 're all living in america . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr8ljrgcjnm ) edit : thanks for the gold , wow :d, 
  exactly . 
  they should follow their electoral policies until their term is up . 
  if people agree , they 'll be re-elected , otherwise they wo n't . 
  you 're elected based on the promises you made during election period , you should follow them . 
  leaders should n't change policies like they change coats . 
   donaldists i 'm not partial in this debate but instead of saying `` donaldists '' and posting a comic , could you actually post some productive arguements ? 
  the guy above wrote a whole paragraph and a bit more , he deserves at least half as much . 
  another great example of european solidarity !, 
  greece is n't europe now ? 
  do n't forget the lion of piraeus and the acropolis which the venetian a ** holes bombed . 
  some day , st. mark 's is getting torched !, 
  most greeks do n't take the wwii thing seriously , other than singing some wwii era songs which call mussolini & italy `` ridiculous/pathetic '' in typical wartime spirit . 
  maybe his sarcasm was n't obvious enough . 
   athens used to rule the world that 's a bit of an overstatement . 
  we just ruled the parts of the world that mattered , much like the venetians , 
  you 're nice but you 're cold !, 
  jesus , what 's wrong with your winters ? 
  greece * can * into products . 
  the difference being that one was perpetrated by regular troops , under the authority of ottoman and then turkish authorities and the other was committed by uneducated , irregular serfs , slaves and peasants rising up against what was pretty much their owners . 
  speaking of the treatment of minorities , the turkish minority is still in western thrace . 
  i wonder what happened to the greek one in constantinople , imbros and tenedos ... 
  i would like to remind you that the athenians lost that war , along with their empire . 
  make of that what you will ... 
  hence the / s, 
  we should empire again !, 
  * cries due to current predicament while masturbating to memories of ancient glory *, 
  * english / s, 
  ok ... perhaps if you used anything else but generic , platitudal swearwords , i could have even the slightest of ideas of what it is you 're talking about ... 
  [ turks ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ), 
  chill out there , comrade . 
  in athens , we also had a feast in athena 's honour in the middle of august . 
   think that syrizas execution of their ideas was poor , and germany were always going to make sure they failed . 
  syriza sucks , honestly . 
  i did n't expect anything else from them by june , even though i initially supported them . 
   but in general , varoufakis has some very good ideas and i would rather live in a society closer to varoufakis ' ideals than theresa may , or merkel 's ideals . 
  if youever find that place please do tell me . 
   and above all , it is completely , utterly wrong of the eu to destroy the choices of the people of the birthplace of democracy . 
  it 's not like they like democracy or us in the first place xd, 
   same goes for what the eu did to greece why is it only wave-ruiling britons who ever write this ? 
  everyone else seems to believe it 's justified because `` varoufakis is literally the antichrist '' . 
   mine was n't a provocation not that it seemed to be in any way xd  have you ever returned there after that ? 
  only for slightly over a month last summer , i liked being home , but at the same time it was depressing seeing everyone sad and/or worse off than i left them . 
   how 's the situation now ? 
  worse from what i hear sadly . 
  more businesses are closing down because of immense taxes , unemployment ( especially among youths ) is rising , the gov ' t has basically made the police unable to stop anything , the migrant crisis is n't helping and people are very polarised . 
  i do n't believe in the theory of class war but if greece keeps going this way , reality might prove me wrong . 
   greece have started to go quite good in the recent months . 
  they may be still few improvements compared to what you lost , but there is to start with something i hope this turns out to be the start of something good and not another one of the small rises we have right before shit hits the fan again . 
  anyway thanks for your wish , though i highly doubt it will come true in the near future . 
  i hear italy 's in trouble ( though obviously not nearly as bad ) from some italian friends i have here . 
  how are you guys doing ? 
  i hope there 's at least one country with a half-healthy economy in the south . 
  shit , that 's how . 
  i am , can confirm . 
  i left for canada a couple of years ago and i lived in a traditionally upper-income area of athens ( not because my family was rich , but because we inherited the land from my mother 's family who had been in athens for generations upon generations after fleeing from the turks who were slaughtering the greeks of ionia ) and the year i left homeless people started living in the municipal stadium . 
  and these are n't your `` lazy 20 year old junkie '' or `` poor immigrant trying to cross over to germany '' homeless , these were proper greek families , with children and everything and whose parents had degrees and used to have proper jobs . 
  it sucks . 
  do n't forget the 59 houses and yaughts we each have , according to bild . 
  many are , but we do n't easily find jobs so we return .
