  the lyrics fit the greek outlook on life quite well too . 
  lol, 
  [ seikilos epitaph/epitaphios seikilou ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seikilos_epitaph ) ( ancient greek music ) [ akathist hymn/akathistos ymnos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akathist ) ( byzantine greek music ) [ the free besieged/eleutheroi poliorkemenoi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_free_besieged ) ( greek enlightenment era music ) [ zeimbekiko of eudokia/zeimbekiko tes eudokias ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezttngboo8c ) ( greek folk music ) note : some of these were originally poems . 
  greek poetry and music always go hand in hand . 
  even as far back as the homeric epics , poetry is always `` musified '' , otherwise it is considered blunt and incomplete . 
  for this reason most great greek poems also have musical versions . 
  i dunno about bosnia & spain , but greece rip !, 
  well if you do it right , the environment wo n't be damaged . 
  but with that sort of gov ' t i doubt it will be done the right way . 
  when did russia kill eu civilians ? 
  the difference being that isis and the euro crisis have already 'cause d problems ( and deaths in the case of the former ) to eu countries and they are a visible danger for the future . 
  russia on the other hand is a danger only in the minds of dillusional eastern european nationalists . 
  and no ukraine is not an eu member state so we have no reason to care about her . 
  then the eu gets to stand and we do n't gave a recession ? 
  for poles and maybe the baltics . 
  for the rest of us , russia is a trading partner , if relevant at all . 
  besides , putin wo n't do anything to nato countries , he knows better than to risk wwiii . 
  will the polish gov ' t stop giving us this crap every month ? 
  do n't they have a free press to supress ? 
  `` we all deeply regret what happened here . '', 
  `` what about those guys with the swastika-ripoffs ? '', 
  `` ehhh ... 
  shit . '', 
  ohhhh . 
  well would n't you want that ? 
  i mean the oil would certainly help your economy . 
  the whole idea is that we wo n't be . 
  besides , if you do n't do anything , we 'll all end up in a shitty situation . 
  there 's no nice way out of this one . 
  the stronger eu countries ? 
  half a decade ? 
  wait who 's making holes on whose sea ? 
  i never said anything about giving them specifically to greece . 
  i was talking about helping all weaker eu states . 
  whose economy ? 
  indeed . 
  i 'm not against controlling how it will be spent , unlike last time . 
  unless you like recession . 
  `` those barbaric greeks . 
  when we were building concentration camps , they were still hanging from trees ! '', 
  400 and not in the entirety of greece . 
  additionally , it was n't just turks , it was also venetians , genoese ( & italians in general ) , british , french , spaniards and ( in some areas ) even germans & austrians . 
  you were in barbarity for far longer than that . 
  we 've been fully re-westernised for 200 years now . 
  by that logic you 're full on savages . 
  good lord , it seems that you 're a rare creature in these woods : a reasonable person who has n't lost all hope . 
  which went straight back to the rich member 's companies to build roads and buy systems , instead of being used to grow local industry . 
  i 'm not saying only one side is to blame . 
  i actually believe that the poorer members ( my country included ) are primarily responsible for what happened to us . 
  but when a ship starts to sink you ca n't let half the crew try to stop the ship from sinking because it started sinking on their watch and let the other half sit in the bridge and do nothing . 
  unless you want the ship to sink , that is . 
  it depends on which side of the atlantic you 're on . 
  the continental europeans were still living with rationed supplies and food coopons when wwii started . 
  then again , we never had the new deal in europe , we did however get the marshal plan ( some of us at least ) , hence the results . 
  personally , at least under the current circumstances , i would support a return to national currencies . 
  the problem is that the only real thing keeping the eu together is the euro . 
  if that goes , the rest will soon follow . 
  we were run by people who considered themselves to be infallible , as the west was growing and everyone else was in shumbles . 
  the results are here for everyone to see . 
  i 'm talking about the eu . 
  unless the imf is a country now and you 're its citizen so you can say `` we '' and refer to the imf . 
  the german economy is stagnating . 
  the uk is in the midst of deep austerity and growing class divides . 
  the only sector of the german economy that grew last year was the arms industry . 
  you seem to forget that spain , italy , greece etc. 
  not germany , are the main buyers of german products . 
  once we stop buying 'cause we ca n't afford it and your factories start shutting down , then you could maybe think about why taxes should be raised . 
  besides , by that logic , how was raising taxes for us citizens to rebuild a debt-forgiven germany after wwii justified ? 
  the moment we start valuing our money more than we value our fellow europeans , we 've already stopped being union . 
  it 's just a matter of time until the de facto becomes de jure . 
  a loan is not for free , when you 're already in a greater debt that your gdp . 
  also , where exactly do you see richer members giving money to poorer members ? 
  loans are not exactly development programmes . 
  also i 'm not talking about just greece . 
  if we do n't even trust eachother , how do you expect non-europeans to trust us ? 
  did i mention greece ? 
  did i mention loans ? 
  what i did mention was richer members giving money to the weaker members to grow , because that 's how solidarity works . 
  if we want to call ourselves a union we should act like one , profits and returns should n't be our primary concern , joint prosperity should . 
  also , last time you `` lent '' money to greece , it went straight back to your banks , to save them from collapsing . 
  lending will never lead to growth , not for greece , not for anyone . 
  the americans did n't lend you money , they forgave your debts ( i assume i 'm speaking to a german , since it is they who mostly adopt the ` give us back our money ' attitude ) and gave you cash and technical knowledge by the billions . 
  why do you think anything else would work for anyone else ? 
  why do you think you deserved a third chance and the rest of us should n't even get a second ( or first , in some cases ) ? 
  i 'll keep my souvlaki , thank you . 
  i prefer it over gyros anyway :d, 
  you have a referendum ? 
  on what ? 
  i was expecting this xd, 
  at the risk of sounding like a varoufakis clone ( praise be our ass-kicking negotiator ) , even if it does n't completely end european recession a new-deal-like programme would certainly provide us with financial security and it would allow the people to move back away from the political fringes since they would n't feel so threatened and desperate . 
  it would also stop entire generations ' lives from being ruined , which is kind of big deal . 
  the greatest legacy it would leave behind , however , would be a unified european identity , superior to local national identities . 
  if a family were to receive aid and benefits from the eu and not from their own gov ` t , they would very quickly come to see the eu as a united force of a good in their lives , much more competent and beneficial than their own local gov ` t. 
  at the end of the day , as augustus proved , people 's loyalties lie much more with those who provide them with a stable income and functional services so as to live a life worth living , rather than those who wave a few flags and shout about national pride . 
  in the absence of the former , the latter take over , but if we do this right , the former will be a unified eu leadership , that will allow europe to become a unified superpower , while , should we fail , the latter would lead us to repeat the first half of the 20th century and i do n't think the americans would be neither able , nor willing , to foot the bill for this one . 
  i agree completely . 
  economic integration without political integration is impossible and political integration without a unified consience is also impossible . 
  we lack the second and third , yet we somehow though it was a good idea to go for the first . 
  genius !, 
  as long as they keep promoting austerity , it 'll never go away .
