  i guess your approach is worse in the way that the occupation can be permanent ( and also damaging ) . 
  us inflict much more damage in short term but the duration is shorter and you at least end up with a free country . 
  because they like to troll . 
  post-brexit there has been a pretty big increase of leave-voting brits on r/europe . 
  i think pre-brexit they used to quietly discuss amongst themselves on r/ukpolitics, 
  how so ? 
  i dont think they believe they `` own '' any other country but they do feel they have a right to bomb and fuck with any country they wish . 
  those 2 are different things . 
  the russians take over countries , the us just puts countries in ruin to the extent they wouldnt want to take them over . 
  i think there 's a shortage of bar staff in the us , so maybe in that capacity he would be welcome . 
  do you mean because of trump ? 
  or what ? 
  agree she never looks happy but at least she takes things seriously , unlike people like trump and theresa may who have nothing to offer but soundbites . 
  will this make any difference ? 
  i doubt the guy will ever leave a french prison in his lifetime anyway ? 
  yea , how self absorbed do you have to be to think that someone is punishing you when they dont put your needs above their own . 
  i 'm getting bored of this conversation . 
  you are not saying much except repeating that the uk gets a good deal because of their importance . 
  but everything suggests otherwise and the uk is n't quite as important as you think anyway . 
  certainly not more so than 27 countries combined , particularly with a few larger and even richer countries within that 27 countries . 
  they are being seen as costs by the uk , not others . 
  this is evident by the fact they opted out of these . 
  others consider things such as schengen a benefit . 
  true , non-eu countries have different deals , but not one has one where they get everything they want , with no costs or disadvantages involved . 
  i dont think the uk will get anything special , they can get a canada type deal , or a norway type deal . 
  the evidence is in this article . 
  repeating something wo n't make it come true . 
  the swiss tried and it didnt work out and are backtracking on taking away freedom of movement . 
  they do have a slightly different deal but its taken decades to get the agreements in ( which uk doesnt have time for ) , but when they tried with freedom of movement it didnt work . 
  true but like i said , he 's thought to be not that he definitely is . 
  many estonian , finnish and russian papers have reported on it . 
  yet look very different . . 
  all of the `` benefits '' you list are ones not seen as advantages by the uk , and had opt outs for it even while in the eu . 
  you get to pick and choose if you are in the eu , and the uk certainly did pick and choose more so than any other country . 
  it 's just that you dont get the luxury of cherry picking when you are not a member . 
  the uk can seek any kind of deal they want , it doesnt mean they 'll get it . 
  true but uk is the only one , not the other major countries like germany and france, 
  so what if they are , there are other existing countries within the eu for help . 
  not just the uk ? 
  if you refer to military support , you should be talking about nato not eu . 
  unless uk plans to leave that too . 
  if you refer to military support , then you should be talking about nato not eu , unless uk is planning to pull out of that too, 
  the eu would disintegrate if the uk got what its asking for , which is all benefits of eu membership , but no payment or requirement to follow rules . 
  even the biggest supporter of the eu would prefer that !, 
  it 's just that nobody else is silly enough to expect to get it because the rules and payment is necessary and reasonable . 
  the eu is more than just eastern europe, 
  how is the eu trying to prevent the uk trading freely ? 
  the eu arent the ones pushing the uk out of the eu, 
  i guess finland is the verbal kint of countries . 
  agree - so delusional i 'm unsure if some of the comments are trolling or for real, 
  unsure if you 're trolling or for real . . having colonised half the world and those countries acrimoniously fighting and gaining their independence may be `` strong ties '' but i wouldnt say its necessarily in a positive sense . 
  russia doesnt `` like '' the uk , they like that the uk voted leave and weakened the eu by losing a member , potentially improving russia 's position in the world , against the uk as well . 
  i 'm sure putin is as flabbergasted by it as the rest of the world , but happy this fell on his lap . 
  the eu is one of the superpowers that you speak of , its more like the uk is caught between multiple superpowers . 
  any international power the uk has since the fall of the british empire is because they have been perceived as a gateway to the eu , which will soon no longer be the case . 
  the eu will be fine without the uk . 
  the question is will the uk be fine without the eu . 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's not that the eu want to punish the uk , its that the uk want to have their cake and eat it too and anything less than that the uk considers punishment . 
  financial services are something that can easily be done in eu countries . 
  when passporting rights are severed in the uk , a lot of this business moves to the eu . 
  financial services are not a right of the uk that the eu needs access to , the eu membership itself allows the uk to maintain certain financial services activities . 
  bilateral ties are important to all , but they are more important to the uk than any other eu country . 
  the uk exports more to the eu than any eu individual country does to the uk so its much less important to any individual eu country than it is to the uk . 
  sure security cooperation would be appreciated , but if the uk refuses to cooperate in this capacity , i think the eu will be stronger with the 27 countries than uk on its own, 
  yea its annoying they keep calling it punishment . 
  they dont want to maintain membership of the club , they not get access to it . 
  that 's not punishment , its just their chosen course of action . 
  nigel farage 's major claim about getting a good deal for the uk was that german car manufacturers would want to keep markets with uk open and would lobby it to no end . . but it turns out , german car manufacturers benefit more from the eu existing than their access to the uk . 
  so while i can see your point , people have more to lose with giving the uk a good deal that potentially leads to the disintegration of the eu itself than what they gain through giving uk a good deal, 
   they 'll try to emphasise that it 's better if the eu does n't screw over the uk to much if they still want support you sure that the 27 countries of the eu will come knocking on the uk 's door for support and not vice versa ? 
  this is a canadian website , which seems to know very little about europe . 
  there are many countries , incl , finland that have shown record lows since 2011 for support to these eurosceptic / anti immigrant parties . 
  the `` finnish '' version would more likely be putinen, 
  he already changed it to a fence along * some * parts of the border , i believe . 
  noble and very important cause but a bit naive to think this has any chance , particularly with the new us president elect thinking climate change is a hoax . 
  fun fact : putin is thought to be of finno-ugric ( specifically finnic ) ancestry but ( some ) russians find this claim offensive https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-ugric_peoples#finno-ugric_identity, 
  you 're right its railway tunnel but is much longer than 25 km , it would be the longest tunnel in the world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helsinki_to_tallinn_tunnel i thought i had read that this tunnel was already approved and going ahead but does n't look like it, 
  also when the new tunnel between tallinn and helsinki is built , the waiting time becomes zero . 
  no i think it means that pm needs to decide what the new legislation should be before parliament votes on it . 
  so instead of voting on `` can we change the law , but unsure yet what we will change it to '' its `` can we change the law to this specifically '', 
   i do not have the sense that european politicians will not now seek `` revenge '' on the uk for wanting to leave us nobody wants revenge . 
  its just that the uk considers revenge to be them not maintaining all benefits of eu memberships when they leave the union and so will call it that . 
  this proposal is ridiculous , why should uk citizens get the benefits of eu membership without the uk government having to deal with any of the responsibilities . 
  i doubt it . 
  the uk has always been the most eurosceptic , i dont think brexit is any indication other countries will follow suit . 
  i dont think brexit is going or will go well either ( or at least thats the perception in my opinion , from it not having happened yet ) which i think is off-putting to people, 
  i dont think the euro has ever been backed by us dollars ? 
  well it is what she went to court for . 
  she 's not trying to overturn brexit , she ca n't and she knows that , she was just justifiably very concerned about how brexit was being handled and wanted oversight from some people who actually know what they are doing . 
  it must 've been worrying also that the government was prepared to break laws to get their way , though it doesnt appear that too many people apart from her realised this, 
  she 's not trying to subvert anything . 
  all she 's trying to do is make sure the government abides by the law !, 
  also , challenge the government and we ca n't help you ? 
  while i agree with everything you said , you do realise that your own country recently voted for their own permanent trump in the form of brexit ? 
  and in the case of the uk , the majority actually did vote for it unlike with us election ? 
  and in a way its worse because they voted in spite of the economy , whereas short term trump may not be that bad for the economy ( not to suggest that any short term economic gains are worth the bad ) . 
  my point is n't to bash the uk over brexit , but one of the problems with this wave of populism sweeping the western world is that people seem confident in pointing the finger at other countries but when it comes to their own , they vote for their own brexit / trump / le pen and say its different or ok because of x , y or z. thats part of the problem !, 
  they kind of have though - vote for wilders or le pen would 've been anti-eu, 
  i wouldnt go study in the uk even if i was non-eu , given the anti-immigrant rhetoric coming from uk which is likely aimed at all , not only eu immigrants .
