  yea thats a fair point - since its been discussed and his refusal has shaken allies , he really should 've made a point of endorsing it, 
  is this a click bait or legitimate ? 
  he just didnt happen to mention a core part of being in nato ( which i think can be taken as a given ? ), 
  as opposed to refusing to affirm it when asked / discussed . 
  or am i missing something . 
  not that i 'm anyone to defend trump under any circumstance , just seems like a non-story, 
  trump looks uneasy that he wasnt the first person to be addressed . 
  i 'm glad he wasnt !, 
  he cant seem to handle not being the centre of attention . 
  that whole handshake thing is so bizarre , he must follow news about himself every day so you 'd think he 'd have stopped it since everyone is aware of it and thinks its dumb/some bizarre attempt at seeming like he has the upper hand, 
  seems this is popular quote of his currently being posted everywhere : ellemme varmuudella tied\u00e4 , kuinka tulee k\u00e4ym\u00e4\u00e4n , olettakaamme , ett\u00e4 kaikki k\u00e4y hyvin, 
  its a good episode !, 
  one of my favourites is anthology of interest 2 but that isnt a particularly good username, 
  there are lots in finnish and i 'm sure most languages . 
  one that comes to mind is tietokone which means computer , literally information machine, 
  til finland is n't as much of a special snowflake as i thought, 
  the 2nd one is particularly ironic and annoying, 
  well at this age you cant still blame your mom for your lack of language skills . 
  its never too late to learn, 
  sounds about right, 
   against governments campaign against the eu whats going on ? 
  guess i need to catch up on my news, 
  i guess thats true, 
  wouldnt i be more inclined to agree with result if i was fat ? 
  hard to believe the score for finland , just based on observation, 
  thats what i thought but wasnt sure if it was pc to agree :d, 
  well the dutch win on this one , for sure . 
  crap , its a shame finland has such a low score, 
  agree - i 've been drunk in all three countries ( or actually all 4 , finland , estonia , latvia and lithuania ) and not been robbed or had problems . 
  i agree , i just thought there would 've / could 've been more flexibility on euro membership given many others havent joined, 
  i think making countries meet certain criteria to join euro in fact make them less likely to turn into greece , its just they were n't entirely honest, 
  crap - of course i agree with what you said . 
  my question related only to euro not political union, 
  why ? 
  the snp was voted in in the last ge by a landslide based on the manifesto that they will call another referendum if there is material change to circumstance , specifically mentioning one such example being dragged out of eu against their will !, 
  i think she does have a mandate, 
  why is it a necessity ? 
  thats how it works . 
  the people vote for the politician , the politician then has a mandate to make decisions . 
  so its not quite fair to say she is not talking for scotland, 
  the only thing i can predict is that the finnish flag beats the dutch one by 1 vote, 
  yea but i doubt they actually will . 
  maybe its just me but i 'd prefer a politician who is upfront about it rather than putting on a charade when we know they wont join euro anyway and as far as i 'm aware there is no deadline or anything so they can just put it off forever, 
  yea its like the americans thinking a billionaire understands and cares about the `` left behind '' . 
  i hope they dont fall for it but seems tories are currently on course to win by a landslide ( and no doubt the only reason may called for the general election ) . 
  there are a lot of eu countries without the euro , including those who agreed to adopt it but in practice havent done much to get to that point . 
  i dont think her saying they want to be in eu without euro is asking for anything particularly unique . 
  i agree with you that making such demands before any independence or talks of joining eu has begun , but the demand itself is reasonable ( though i personally wouldnt have problem with joining euro if it was me ), 
  they dont want to be a special child !, 
  they want to be a full member ( as she is quoted as saying in the article ) but dont want the euro , there are many countries in eu that dont have euro so scotland would hardly be unique in this sense . 
  sure the more recent entrants to eu have an obligation to join but how this works in practice seems to be different since nobody is currently in process of joining . 
  i cant comment on feasibility of maintaining the pound but not wanting euro is perfectly reasonable ( although i dont personally see the problem in joining euro ), 
  no , it is pretty obvious to everyone that some things * are * obligations , such as payment into the budget . 
  but just that its a price worth paying for the benefits than comes with eu membership, 
  your statement assumes that mutually beneficial agreement exists . 
  there may not be one , but if there is its still very likely that 1 party gets a better deal than the other . 
  good point . 
  yes , ireland is the country ( apart from the uk ) that is most affected by brexit so of course its in their best interest in getting the uk a good deal ( even if only for their own self interest ) and to be fair , the eu is very much prioritising the northern ireland / ireland situation , though of course there is a lot more to it ( like any potential economic damage ) instead of just border issues . 
  hopefully the common travel area existing for ireland and uk will be unchanged ( if its possible ) and then that lessens impact for ireland . 
  i do feel bad for ireland as this all happened through no fault of their own and also because the irish government seems to be taking it much more seriously than the uk government . 
  no , its because norway agreed to all the rules . 
  ones the uk doesnt want to follow . 
  if the uk was only after the type of deal canada got , then i think that would be fairly agreeable . 
  but the uk wants something much more comprehensive than that . 
  i think canada deal would be hard brexit, 
  they didnt really . 
  they did adopt all the criteria the eu wanted . 
  thats true . 
  in fact if you are in the eu you dont need a trade agreement at all . 
  the problem with the uk situation is that they want a trade agreement so comprehensive that it almost mimics the single market . 
  so basically having all the benefits of single market membership without the obligations, 
  no they dont . 
  they are not eu member but are part of single market . 
  including contributions to budget + freedom of movement ( which the uk say they wont do , and they dont want to be part of single market ), 
  because the uk economy is very different to that of canada . 
  most ( 80 % ) of uk exports is services , and the canada deal covers very little in terms of services . 
  the uk would need a much more comprehensive trade deal to that of the canadian one , one much closer to mimicking the single market access . 
  no it doesnt necessarily but based on what theresa may and her government has said , it does sound like they are expecting such a deal, 
  i dont think anyone wants to harm the uk for the sake of it , just that if someone has to lose then you rather it be the other guy . 
  particularly when they are the ones wanting this, 
  its not at all that eu deliberately harm its own people to continue political project . 
  the existence of the single market and access to it is beneficial for the uk as well , even though they want to leave . 
  the problem arises when the uk wants to maintain it without paying towards it , when someone has to . 
  not absurd at all . 
  the eu ( and the uk ) will of course be looking out for their own interests . 
  it doesnt necessarily mean win-lose, 
  did you read the article ? 
  the context of `` take tough stance '' is getting a good deal for eu as opposed to the uk , why would any german or national of other eu country prefer good deal for uk against their own interest . 
  i dont assume at all that the only thing keeping eu from collapse is bad deal for uk . 
  it 's just a fact that if non-members now can start getting benefits but not obligations of membership then why would anyone be a member ? 
  it 's like suggesting that some people would keep paying for their gym membership even if payment became optional . 
  i by no means suggest eu membership is a bad deal because i definitely think its a good deal , its just the uk overestimate what kind of deal they can get as non-member, 
  it 's not that straightforward ( for the eu anyway ) . 
  using example of german car industry , they dont want to have tariff on exports to uk , but they potentially lose out even more if uk gets a good deal and this threatens eu unity . 
  that could lead to tariff on export to 28 countries instead of just 1 . 
  also affecting their supply chain that is all over europe and relies on open borders . 
  eu doesnt want brexit but at this point its about minimising damage . 
  its not mutual self interest though , its only in the interest of the uk to get the benefits of membership without the obligations, 
  why would any eu national want to give the uk a good deal ? 
  and also keeping it after having eaten it .
