  i think being involved in war is much more acceptable when its in a defensive rather than offensive capacity so generally yes i would prefer us to stop invading countries , but no , i would welcome help from us if europe got invaded , and i hope they would because it would be in their best interest too . 
  also the eu is n't a country , so its not like for like comparison about who would be involved . 
  first you say us gains from eastern europeans being in nato , next you say they dont gain anything . . 
   in the last 12 years the us has gobbled up nearly all the former pro-russia satellite states in europe . 
  so much wrong with this statement . 
  us has n't * taken * anything , nobody forced those eastern europeans into nato , they wanted to be in nato . 
  those supposed former pro-russia satellite states were hardly pro-russia . 
  their independence was taken away without choice , thats not pro - russian by any stretch of the imagination . 
  the statement in itself conveys a pro-putin stance , regardless of whether you openly admit it . 
  or did you just not know that its pro-putin when you just repeat whatever trump says ? 
  why does russia have a rightful sphere of influence ? 
  should n't it be the choice of the individual country which sphere of influence they want to be in ? 
  whats with all the pro-putin chat coming out of americans these days ? 
  we now feel that russia is the victim for the baltics wanting to join nato for some pretty obvious reasons ? 
  not at all - my point was merely trump-bashing . 
  i did say he wasnt a good guy by any means, 
  but how many of these countries need to be annexed before it would worry the americans ? 
  if they get 1 without consequence , why not 2 ? 
  us also seems pretty trigger happy for war , why not put that mind set to a good use ? 
  to be fair , it was a bit less than half . . hillary did win popular vote . 
  yea i never would 've guessed an * estonian * of all people would be pro-trump given his chat about nato . 
  mccain is hardly a good guy but suddenly would be a dream president elect, 
  really ? 
  not russia instead ? 
  maybe i need to get my eyes checked . 
  also the slightly higher figure in a * part * of finland is probably due to low population , as in 1 homicide could skew the rate due to low population while 1 homicide itself hardly conveys a murder problem . 
  yes it does explain it because the low population means 1 homicide would change the rate and this 1 random homicide could 've occurred in northern norway or sweden instead of finland because 1 homicide hardly suggests homicide is a big problem in the area . 
  guess in this 1 years worth of stats it happened to be finland . 
  lol we say the same , suomi mainittu !, 
  thats not the north sea , thats the north atlantic ocean . 
  north sea is more eastern, 
  not really . . why would they care ? 
  i didnt suggest that pride in the the british empire was based on knowledge about it . . 
  newspapers , uk politicians with minimal effort : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/british-people-are-proud-of-colonialism-and-the-british-empire-poll-finds-a6821206.html https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4z1v37/tory_mp_tweets_image_claiming_british_empire_won/ ? 
  are you seriously trying to claim that india for example enjoyed being a colony and would like to go back to that ? 
  i dont mention other european colonial empires , not because i think they were much better , but because you dont see a lot of nostalgia on the issue from those countries but you definitely do from the uk . 
  they briefly mentioned it - those two would be a bit smaller population wise but a lot richer than ( what would be ) a fairly impoverished british empire . 
  oh christ the brits really need to stop with these dreams of the british empire coming back . 
  the colonies did * not * want to be colonised and do not remember it as fondly as the brits . 
  yea , i thought people were saying it like that would be * such * a 2016 thing to happen :(, 
  wow , i saw this mentioned elsewhere on reddit and thought it was a joke !, 
  he was so young . 
  yes . 
  all is not lost yet because its not certain what type of brexit it is . 
  but people who seemingly didnt want brexit seem to be happy with theresa may proceeding with the most isolationist approach possible . 
  funny how nobody seems to have voted for brexit but more than happy to accept the life-changing result so easily . . 
  that is certainly not my experience on r/europe . 
  and i 'm pretty sure you are n't one of those that like europe , given the topic of your post . 
  thanks !, 
  why is this article being down voted ? 
  is it eurosceptics who want angela merkel to be at fault ? 
  i 'm pro-eu but even if i wasnt , i would n't find any joy in believing the controls in place are n't working at all . 
  i 'm really annoyed that this sub has become mainly brits trolling europeans since the brexit vote . 
  yes they do . 
  even the vatican with their swiss guards ? 
  well brexit and closing borders does n't suggest openness by any stretch of the imagination . 
  neither does colonising countries by force , if that 's what you referred to, 
  yea first time i 've heard someone claim valio is n't finnish at all , only a transit state for valio products . 
  i think its more than 1 , but i can list many other things said by uk politicians . 
  such as : the eu need uk more than vice versa ; we hope the eu collapses these are pretty hostile things to say imo, 
  not really a stupid comparison , what is stupid is some uk politicians saying the eu should pay the uk for access to their single market , which is a good way to reach hermit kingdom status ( within europe , anyway ) . 
  yes , someone has to make the decision and she should be the one to make it , but its a huge one that should have * oversight * . 
  it would n't be necessary for her to wait until the very late stage to get oversight ( where there is no way to backtrack ) , if she wasnt so secretive . 
  i dont know what their assumptions were at the time when they voted for referendum to take place , but they agreed to a referendum , not necessarily for theresa may to exclude parliament from all decisions on the matter going forward . 
  yea you are probably right actually but i think her insistence on micromanaging wo n't help her case if parliament gets the vote on article 50 ( which is yet to be determined by the court ) , as this then means they will be voting on whether or not to give her a blank check, 
  well if there is no oversight on the brexit deal , may can choose the deal ? 
  so total isolation or norway type deal ( though unsure what that norway option looks like since they wo n't get into efta ) . 
  the 51st state one was just an exaggeration . 
  i dont think the article is correct . 
  i dont think mp 's voting no means that uk still leaves but without a deal , it means theresa may ca n't invoke article 50 and uk wo n't leave . 
  but its yet to be determined by the court whether they need to be given a vote at all . 
  thats one way to get them to vote no though , if the only options are to give the government a blank check or not . 
  i dont see why they should trust theresa may or any other individual to make all these big decisions on their own !, 
  she would have free reign to become north korea , norway or a 51st us state . 
  civil war is still war . 
  hardly peaceful . 
  i dont think nato rules require countries to join in on illegal wars another nato country decides to start , only if they are genuinely under attack and the us was not under attack by iraq by any stretch of the imagination . 
  what is the argument for denmark not being nordic ? 
  just curious . 
  chill , its a joke . 
  nobody gets ` called in ' to war , the uk government decides themselves whether to go in !, 
  nor do i believe the uk bombs countries for that countries own protection , its for the same reasons as the us ( self-interest ) . 
  in addition to all of that , i 'm surprised that people feel the british isles are peaceful apart from `` a few years '' given what happened in northern ireland for 30 years . 
  yea but thats slang not accent . . i think helsinki has the most neutral accent if any accent at all in comparison to other places ( though i may be biased ) , but agree regarding the slang though . 
  i think it maybe to do with the stuff that happened after franco died since this map is from 70 's onward ? 
  not an expert either though . 
  no offense , but i wouldnt consider the uk to be one of the * less * war mongering countries of europe, 
  not funny, 
  i mean the pic doesnt have much snow !, 
  there is more snow in the south than this picture has , thats why i 'm unsure if its finland, 
  not swedes specifically , but eu nationals which includes them . 
  its not mutually exclusive . 
  you can curse banks and still believe you need them in your country !, 
  yep , everything seems to always be followed by `` given it is approved by all other countries , which i 'm sure it will '' ... 
  looks like finland , but there is n't that much snow so unsure . . 
  it is n't racist to say illegal working practices are a problem , what is racist is to say that eu immigrants `` often work cash in hand for below the minimum wage '' ( exact quote from you ) . 
  highly skilled professionals do not undercut unskilled labouring jobs , but it is relevant to your argument when you claim most eu immigrants work in these unskilled jobs . 
  i dont think there 's a lot of specific anti-nordic sentiment but anti-eu sentiment , which includes nordics . 
  funny you mention `` misplaced '' anger when everything else you say tries to justify the anger . 
  your entire argument is based on the assumption that most eu immigrants in the uk are ( illegally ) working cash in hand and avoiding tax , which is not the case and also very offensive .
