  the articles i did post says that the uk wants the empire back but it is n't going to happen - maybe you should read them . 
  heres two from quick google search ( my original comment was removed because i 'd added a link deemed unacceptable by r/europe , i think a few like the sun and express are automatically removed ) http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/claudia-tomlinson/gibraltar-brexit_b_15850704.html https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/mar/19/empire-20-is-dangerous-nostalgia-for-something-that-never-existed, 
  no - only shared as a joke when theres a ridiculous headline, 
  the sun , the daily mail , r/ukpolitics , i 'm sure there are others . 
  permanent head of nordic council, 
  i saw more stray dogs than donkeys to be fair . 
  i felt sorry for those . 
  fair enough , i would n't expect most persu fans to admit it on r/europe anyway . 
  just would 've been a logical explanation for the misinformation provided in the description, 
  agree . 
  perhaps a persu fan ? 
  this comment should be higher up, 
  i find it annoying too . 
  why would they join another country when they can manage fine on their own ? 
  it suggests they cant . 
  i dont think them leaving uk and joining another country implies they hate english people though . 
  it just means they have diverged a lot politically ( which they have , as england is becoming more right wing while scotland becoming more left ) and that another country is more aligned with them . 
  its just totally unnecessary to join another country though . 
  80 % of uk economy is services , so `` one of its strong exports '' is even a bit of an understatement . 
  that is not what `` being so hostile she wouldnt take part '' means . 
   the home secretary was so hostile she would n't take part . 
   an official wrote : `` despite attending the initial cross-whitehall meeting , the home office have n't really engaged with this work at all -- i assume because they do not think the home secretary [ may ] will agree to it . '', 
  this is what the article said - but sure , make it about me being an eu national obviously incapable of speaking english ( while simultaneously having this conversation in english ) . 
  nice way of trying to twist things , but since immigration was such a huge part of the brexit vote , they will reduce immigration from both outside eu and inside eu so you voting brexit wont help your friend , it will probably make things worse . 
  the immigration policy of the uk with regard to people outwith the eu is entirely up to the uk government , so your comment about being forced to be strict with non-eu people just shows a total lack of understanding, 
   the home secretary was so hostile she would n't take part . 
   an official wrote : `` despite attending the initial cross-whitehall meeting , the home office have n't really engaged with this work at all -- i assume because they do not think the home secretary [ may ] will agree to it . '', 
  this is directly from the article, 
  it did , but that figure was given to show how few she attended and thus meant she was reluctant remainer . 
   may endorsed remain but was criticised for her contribution to the campaign . 
  the then-home secretary , for example , made just 29 media appearances in the eight weeks leading up to the vote . 
  cameron made 499 while labour leader jeremy corbyn , who was lambasted by many of his mps for his perceived lack of effort towards the campaign , made 123 . 
  the minor role she played in campaigning earned the description of a `` reluctant remainer . '', 
  she didnt outright refuse to participate in remain campaign , she outright refused to explain the benefits of immigration . 
   did n't put much effort it said she was so hostile to the idea that she refused to participate altogether . . 
  you do realise that ryanair is n't the only airline company that will be affected by brexit , right ? 
  each one with flights to and from uk will so its hardly the case of just not flying with ryanair anymore !!, 
   flying is too cheap right now why do you want flight prices to go up ? 
  there are far too many to mention on a reddit post . 
  the main ones that come to mind is i think the end of eu would mean a lot of eastern european countries ( + finland and sweden ) would probably go under the thumb of russia , or worse . 
  the end of eu would also cause a recession and permanently the continent being much worse off , without the single market which could not be maintained without its institutions . 
  then , separate to the russian issue , war may eventually break out again in europe . 
  i know most leavers said this is a ridiculous idea but even something as horrific as ww2 wasnt that long ago + the uk seemed surprisingly eager to go to war with spain , a mere few days after triggering article 50 . 
  security in general would be worse without collaboration and info sharing , so more terror attacks . 
  those are just some broad points off the top of my head but i 'm sure there 's a lot more, 
  i do n't know the exact reason so maybe someone else can help but i think someone said they 'd try to ruin the whole thing ( which is what they are currently trying to do ), 
  the only thing he said that i agree with is that guy verhofstadt is charming, 
  you are being a bit overly dramatic . 
  ww2 happened and not too long after , germany was in the eu and friends with everyone , which was the whole point of the project . 
  the only issue is will anyone try to block uk entry like the french originally did , now that they have concrete proof of what the french feared . 
  i cant wait for le pen to lose so the brexiteers and alt right can stop saying `` france will leave the eu too ! '', 
  though maybe it wont make any difference since they are still saying wilders will win in the nl and then nl will be out of eu , though that election has long gone and he didnt win . 
  well thats what nigel farage has said , along with other brexiteers on r/europe and elsewhere . 
  i dont know why they care , its an irrational hatred i guess . 
  its not only about us , but at least one side `` benefit '' the brexiteers want to see is break up on the eu . 
  its not really fair to say `` you keep telling yourself its all about you '' when its about the other side hoping for the demise of your countries . 
  he 's saying some think uk is world power , doesnt claim it to be the case . 
  he seems to definitely not think its the case, 
  lol - gateway to the single market . 
  thanks for the explanation, 
  it wasnt really specified in the article precisely * why * they want to end up with no deal . 
  they do realise they lose trade relations not only with the eu , but all the other countries they have trade agreements with via the eu ? 
  good answer, 
  well you are obviously a brexiteer and voted to leave so it was essentially your choice . 
  are you now claiming not to have voted leave , despite all the comments you have made regarding your hatred for the eu ? 
  or are you saying , as most uk politicians seem to be , that you dont like the eu ( or india or anyone else ) but you want their money ? 
   we ca n't continue to rely purely on europe in such a scenario . 
  why ? 
  its you that chose to leave the single market , its not like you got kicked out . 
  it was specified in the article that thats exactly what it was . 
  it says that the uk is saying to the eu and now india and presumably everyone else in the world , `` we want your money but we dont want you '' and that is the pretty big problem uk will face with regard to trade deals what i dont understand is why the uk seem to think they have some special relationship with china . 
  i do believe the president went to visit trump and the only place he stopped in to strengthen ties with on the way was finland . 
  i thought sisu would 've been the obvious choice but unsure if thats a motto as such . 
  you dont seem to understand what i said ( which is basically that * if * eu is as isolationist as he has claimed , then he is cutting himself off ) , and also you 've totally ignored all the major points i made and instead nitpicked at a snide comment i made so i dont feel the need to continue this conversation, 
  i didnt contradict myself at all - he claimed the eu to be isolationist so if he 's leaving then surely he is cutting ties ( or thinks he is ) ops comments :  europe alone isolates itself from these countries then europe alone will suffer  the european union is poorly suited to dialogue with these rising powers , as it is too focused on attempting to impose its values on other parts of the world via conditional trade and aid . 
   the world wo n't wait around for the european union  the european union in this shifting geopolitical era risks becoming an inward-looking , protectionist bloc, 
  i was referring to his offensive comments about how isolationist the * eu * supposedly are , when its quite the opposite . 
  also , you can hardly say its quite the opposite of wanting to cut trade ties with germany . 
  they dont want to cut ties , but they certainly are n't trying to strengthen them by leaving the single market, 
  i guess the finnish motto is to stay silent . 
  yea it does , i think they have a popular joke section too . 
  how on earth is anyone gon na be able to carry that home ? 
  i struggle to carry a normal sized box ( i 'm a small sized woman with no upper body strength though ) . 
  hope karhu come up with up their own one as i prefer karhu over karjala , but dont mind karjala for a change if it comes in this fancy box, 
  thanks buddy , it wont be till dec 6 this year though . 
  firstly , the eu has been negotiating a fta agreement with the philippines since dec 2015 . 
  also , how good a trade deal is for your economy is not based on population of the trade partners country alone . 
  ph are no longer considered a poor country but by far from a rich one ( especially in relation to , say , germany , who you want to cut trade ties with ) so the trade deal you envision will probably not benefit the uk as much as you believe . 
  also , duterte is a bit of a mad man who has killed a bunch of people in his own country , its not the kind of politician i 'd want my country to buddy up to necessarily ( though i have no problem with philippines itself of course , and have visited a few times ), 
  if you leave the eu you are n't gon na be able to cherry pick and assume eu status with regard to tuition fees !, 
  i 'm assuming you speak fluent swedish ? 
  if so i 'm sure you wont have much problem finding a job . 
  i believe sanctions on russia have been continued for the time being - i have no problem with that . 
  we cant give putin the impression he can annex parts of europe with minimal consequence . 
  but agree on the rest with regard to china and other countries , especially given whats happening in the now-protectionist us, 
  the popularity of the paper and the response to this whole debacle from brits ( defending it and/or accusing spain instead of saying `` oh shit our media is retarded '' ) makes it hard not to judge, 
  thats like saying you buy playboy for the articles . 
  we know it is n't true . 
  yep , and other drinks . 
  its kind of a touristy thing to do,
