  though people seem happy to comment based on headline alone . 
  the headline says `` with brexit , trump , and the problems in baltics , the nordics working together should interest more than ( finnish politician ) paavo v\u00e4yrynen . '', 
  the writer says he moved to england age 17 and didnt have friends but when some swedes and norwegians heard there was a finn they took him under their wing . 
  then he gives history of nordics and says why they should be more united though he does not suggest end of eu membership , just more united in addition to keeping eu and should work to improve eu . 
  he also does not suggest any official union of nordics just more closely working together, 
  or given a promotion, 
  there was an eli5 about it recently . 
  i 'm not a fan of this religious stuff but i do n't find it troubling because its just a personal choice if what the eli5 is correct , which said :  separation of church and state means that the government can not prohibit the religious activity of a person , or require it . 
  but it does not mean that religious actions can not be involved . 
  we require people to swear an oath , and for most people that is a religious action . 
  as such they have the right to swear upon any religious text . 
  they also have the right to swear upon any book of us law , a copy of the constitution , or any other document they find significant enough to give weight to their oath https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/5p35hx/eli5_why_do_we_have_separation_of_church_and/, 
  good , but not surprising . 
  even the car manufacturers ( who no doubt want a good deal ) said they benefit more from eu unity and ability sell tariff free and easily to many other countries than ability to sell to uk . 
  what happens to these migrants ? 
  if neither france or mali will take them ? 
  fair enough but i wasnt really commenting on specific type of brexit . 
  my point was more that its like george constanza in the seinfeld episode where he cussed out his boss and quit his job then went back into the office the next week pretending nothing happened when he realised how bad an idea that was . 
  it 's kinda too late to come back from it . 
  i do hope they do go for soft brexit for sake of themselves and eu though but if its too soft i 'm sure the british public wo n't be happy . 
  though logically thats what they should go for since the win was so marginal . 
  this type of negotiating tactics is n't gon na be good for the uk though . 
  acting like they have nothing to lose . 
  next the uk will threaten to cut all trade relations with the eu unless all their demands are met and i really dont think its the best way to go about it . 
  sure the eu would benefit from trade with uk but wo n't go to any lengths to secure it and wo n't suffer * nearly * as much as the uk as a result, 
  but the same applies to the eu - they do prefer uk to stay in europol but not at any cost . 
  agree - i think most eu politicians said they should just get on with it to stop the uncertainty . 
  think merkel initially said to give them time in hopes they would end up staying but unsure how long that patience has lasted or will last . 
  lol i still remember back in the day when nigel farage thought 27 countries would bow down to any uk demand because the german car industry told them to !, 
  shame it was only after brexit that the german car industry said they benefit more from the eu staying together than a preferential deal for uk . 
  hope this gets removed for being fake news . 
  why should they care ? 
  it 's not only about ability to check who is coming in and out of country , its about knowing which ones should and should n't be let in . 
  thats why they should care . 
  it 's also not the case that uk has the benefit of non-schengen status that others strive for but are n't able to - schengen countries chose to be in schengen themselves and decided the benefits outweigh the disadvantages . 
  because a bargaining chip by definition means you are willing to lose it in order to reach agreement . 
  what 's difficult for me to understanding is uk 's willingness to leave europol , regardless of whether they are the best , 4th best or 10th . 
  what if the eu said to britain : you benefit from membership of europol , what can we get in return for you getting to stay ? 
  i 'm not saying being in europol is a requirement for sharing information , but making huge demands in order to be willing to share information does not make it particularly likely that information will be shared . 
  what next ? 
  theresa may says to eu : we will sever all trade relations with eu unless we get x , y z. 
  what do we get if we are willing to continue to trade ? 
  seriously with this deluded attitude the uk will sever all ties . 
  they act like they have absolutely nothing to lose, 
  europol is an eu agency so of course its one uk will leave unless negotiated otherwise . 
  i know what the article says . 
  like i said in my original comment , the uk attitude with regard to europol is that they are doing a favour to the eu if they stay and trying to use it as bargaining chip , ignoring the fact that they themselves gain from being in it . 
  yes , i dont believe that the uk leaving an organisation that allows information sharing conveys a strong interest in information sharing . 
  you do realise that the french and germans are eu members ? 
  so countries that britain want to sever ties with in terms of information sharing ? 
  well i dont think threatening to leave europol suggests intent to work closely in future . . 
  i agree - initially i wanted uk to stay but definitely not at any risk to the eu , and now that they 've been dicks about it i 'm even less inclined to want them to stay . 
  i think the eu politicians have said the same , its kind of irreversible now even though the article 50 has n't been triggered . 
  the uk leaving europol makes the uk a hot spot for criminals to hide in though , that alone should be incentive to stay in europol but i guess not . 
  you bragging of how good the security services in the uk is n't much of a counterargument to be honest , they still gain from being in europol regardless of how good you believe them to be . 
  its not really a bargaining chip when they themselves have a hell of a lot to lose by leaving europol . 
  eu has benefited from uk being in europol a lot but they wo n't keep them at any cost so at this stage the uk is just risking their membership of europol . 
   it is difficult to imagine any of the other eu members ending the relationships they already enjoy with the uk but they wo n't keep it at any cost . 
   the uk contribution to its is quite large , especially in counter-terrorism and intelligence . 
  yes , this has been repeated over and over , but just because they contribute more than some countries doesnt mean they dont benefit from being in it . 
   if we do leave , it wont be that much of a problem for us . 
  you sure about that ? 
  uk wanting to sever ties with europol will make uk a hot spot for criminals to hide in . 
  it also means that uk is rejecting information sharing with 27 countries while those 27 lose information sharing with just 1 , though one that is good at it . 
  just copy/pasting what i said to another guy : that 's a really narrow minded attitude to have - which unfortunately is one that seems to be shared by the uk government . 
  it is true that the security services may be more competent than * some * of those on the continent but that does not mean that the uk doesnt gain a lot by being in europol or lose a lot by leaving . 
  and from when the article 50 is triggered it wo n't be about whether security services are better in uk than 1 other eu country , but whether uk gains more from getting information from 27 countries or whether those 27 countries gain more from getting information from uk . 
  also leaving europol itself turns uk into a good hiding place for criminals so that itself is incentive to stay, 
  that 's a really narrow minded attitude to have - which unfortunately is one that seems to be shared by the uk government . 
  it is true that the security services may be more competent than * some * of those on the continent but that does not mean that the uk doesnt gain a lot by being in europol or lose a lot by leaving . 
  and from when the article 50 is triggered it wo n't be about whether security services are better in uk than 1 other eu country , but whether uk gains more from getting information from 27 countries or whether those 27 countries gain more from getting information from uk . 
  it sucks for eu if they leave europol but it sucks much worse for them if they leave . 
  they obviously dont see staying in europol as any priority if * they * are the ones demanding concessions to stay in like its some huge favour to the eu , no thanks . 
  i dont think they will do well in their negotiations if they will deal with their lack of negotiating power by pretending that everything they want is something they are willing to do as a favour to the eu . 
  i think them leaving europol is pretty bad for them because then the uk becomes a good place for criminals to hide out . 
  well there is really no basis for your observations . 
  i wasnt suggesting you leave r/europe , its not mine to disinvite anyone . 
  it 's just very strange to complain about having to see chat from europeans . . on r/europe !, 
  whatever dude , the topic was merkel not your hatred for feminism and women . 
  why the sudden distaste for nato ? 
  who is the one saying that americans are beneath europeans ? 
  is it politicians ? 
  or do polls say this is what general population thinks ? 
  surprised , since i dont think i 've ever heard any eu politician say `` fuck the us '' but this is a literal quote from a us politician ( fuck the eu ) . 
  as to your last comment , this is r/europe you are on , not me commenting on r/us or whatever . 
  you dont need to be on r/europe if you dont want, 
  why are americans more anti-european these days ? 
  well , thats not me but i 'm not gon na hold merkel responsible for how some of her feminist supporters speak about her . 
  shocker, 
  nope , i think she 's a very good leader and very smart too . 
  no offense to merkel but i seriously doubt she has used her gender much to get ahead in her political career , she 's hardly the most feminine type of person . 
  well seems you dont have a good idea how the world works then . 
  its in the us 's interest to have a stable europe , even if you dont personally care / lacking in understanding of world history, 
  yep i really hope you guys re-elect her , i really like her, 
  why does she not qualify ? 
  after having lived there 24 years ? 
  i thought this was an issue of not having her passport with the application , so unsure why you are trying to twist this into her not meeting the citizenship criteria ? 
  and what do you know about her personally that confirms she doesnt qualify , as it certainly is n't addressed in the article, 
  agree - glad he lost to obama but i have a newfound respect for him on the basis that he is actually qualified !, 
  it 's only this year i realised that that is not a given .
