  you 're wrong - they only gave them the right to vote , not the right to vote and run for office . 
  they could run for office in 1919 only . 
  because that would make you pretty old or dead ? 
  i hate to say it , but if by peers you mean other nordics , they are n't . 
  i 'm sure one nordic country or other will rank # 1 in one progressive thing depending on what subject you choose, 
  wyoming is n't a country . 
  also , did wyoming give right to run for office in addition to right to vote ? 
  there are other countries ( such as uk ) where prisoners cant vote either : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20447504 i think they should be able to vote but denying them right to vote is , in my opinion , not as bad as its because of something they did not something out of their control ( such as race , sex ) . 
  i 've always thought that people didnt smile because they had to be very still ( as there are no / less retakes like nowadays with digital cameras ) but i could be wrong . 
  well there seems to be a bit of interest in that direction ( god knows why ) but while we are still democracies we can keep it that way if we want and i hope we do !, 
  i guess the same kind of people that want a president that says he grabs women by the pussy, 
  finland was pretty autonomous ( see link ) . 
  if you 're suggesting this was russia 's doing instead of finland 's then russia would 've been the first country instead of solely finland . 
   if you have a factory in a market that buys lots of your goods , closing it does n't make any sense , especially if that then means you have to get through various barriers to sell to that significant portion of your market . . agree totally , which is why you 'd want to stay in the market where you sell 80 % of your goods to , at the risk of a market where you sell 15 % to . 
  not vice versa as you suggested . 
   it is n't cheap to sack people for the sake of it almost anywhere in t europe . 
  i 'm sure its not but obviously it appears to make business sense to them if they rather do that then keep them . 
  seems now you are arguing that they wo n't fire staff at all , which i cynically doubt is the case, 
  they certainly did but were dismissed as `` project fear '', 
   looks like we 'll see if that 's true well the wheels are in motion . . 
  ok i didnt mean it as a criticism , just a fact . 
  one aspect of making it profitable is firing people, 
  even more reason to vote to keep your job . 
  i dont think that the company cares too much about which individual country is their most `` loyal '' customer . 
  as far as they are concerned the eu is 1 market that buys 80 % and uk is 1 market that buys 15 % . 
  particularly important in an industry like this where components are moved back and forth between countries a lot and where lack of tariffs/regulatory barriers is important . 
  i dont get why them employing more in germany would make them more likely to fire people there . 
  i 'd rather shut down an entire location than empty half of one . 
  edit : i think labour laws in the respective countries make firing german staff more difficult/costly than firing uk staff also , though i could be wrong on this point . . 
  if the workers did vote to leave , i 'd be really curious to know why . 
  how do you figure that the uk is the significant portion ? 
  80 % of vauxhall exports go to the eu . 
  what do you mean by there being `` more scope '' for job losses in germany ? 
  agree - they were definitely gon na lay off lots of staff either way but uk is easy target because of brexit and people wo n't feel as sympathetic for the uk for the moment . 
  yea , they have a reputation for cutting costs ( = firing lots of people and closing factories ), 
  but young , hardworking eu immigrants in the uk are not a benefit and thus its fine for them to be under threat ? 
  the major difference here is that spain has never threatened their rights or left a union that would threaten those rights . 
  cant say the same about the uk . 
  i imagine if finland had spent decades colonising the world and making finnish a predominant language in the world , more immigrants would have come . 
  its ironic that the uk has forced its way into countries but average people coming to the uk legally are considered some major threat . 
  you just said that its fair enough for the uk to take away the legal certainty of eu nationals because its the same as elsewhere in the world , but of course spain would/could never do that to uk citizens . 
  just look at your last 2 comments . 
  furthermore , its not normal to take away legal certainty . 
  its normal in some countries to have immigration rules , but not to suddenly change the rules and making people `` illegals '' overnight like the uk intends . 
  theresa may said she * may * let them stay until 2025 - so basically they definitely are n't welcome but considering the huge shortage she may let them stay a bit longer . 
  its insane http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/theresa-may-suggests-nhs-doctors-from-overseas-only-welcome-until-2025_uk_57f365d1e4b056365584a252, 
  so its fair enough , and just like everywhere else , that eu citizens in the uk have their rights suddenly changed , but of course nobody would dare to change the rights of brits in spain ? 
  well there has n't been any major uproar about it like regarding the eu , and the person i commented to was saying how good it was they were not elected . 
  the only thing i 've heard about abolishing house of lords is theresa may wanting to abolish them if they dont vote in her favour - starting to sound more like a dictatorship every day, 
  i dont know but i do know we have taken in a lot of refugees , unlike the uk . 
  the number of eu immigrants choosing to come to finland is n't entirely in our control but we do happily accept the ones that come . 
  i agree that its good to have people in charge who are n't affected by their parties / winning next election but its the same with the `` unelected '' in brussels yet thats considered bad for some reason by the brexiteers but this is n't . 
  there are different pros and cons to being in the eu , which differ based on the profile of your country but obviously for those who joined and remained , the pros vastly outweigh the cons . 
  if the uk had such a problem with eastern europe , they could 've just blocked them from joining the eu . 
  ( not that i suggest they shouldnt have been let it as i 'm more than happy with it personally ) . 
  they should 've , yes , but one rare benefit of brexit is now they get a second chance !, 
  there is a lot of flexibility already - lots of opt outs ( the uk should know this better than anyone ) . 
  the fundamental bit ( the single market ) should n't be compromised though . 
  her threats of tax haven is arrogant too , suggesting this hurts the eu much more than the uk . 
  it would be terrible for average uk citizen if they lose for example nhs , even though you wouldnt believe it with everyone voting the past few years as if they were arron banks . 
  if she doesnt actually believe , like you say , that she will get a better deal outside the eu than the eu members get ( i.e. 
  close cooperation on trade yet paying no contributions ) then the alternative is that she thinks she will be able to replace all trade with eu with other countries . 
  the uk is already a pretty open economy so the only thing left to do with other countries like us is to remove non-tariff barriers like regulations which again is bad for uk citizens . 
  i dont need to mention all the other stuff from brexiteers like nigel farage , boris johnson , david davis where they say stuff like the eu needs us more than we need them which , if true , would mean they 'd get all they want . 
  but its not true and they wo n't . 
  its not about failure the compromise . 
  the deal cameron got is much more substantial than is being reported . 
  also , the request to `` compromise '' on immigration is basically asking to end a significant portion of what the eu is ( which is the single market , which is about free movement of capital , people etc ) so its not just a small thing to ask but basically asking for an end and/or change to the purpose of the entire project . 
  while thats true , i think it says something that a large majority voted to stay in eu whereas in the independence referendum just barely voted to stay in uk, 
  followed by `` if we dont get everything we want , we will start a trade war ( i.e. 
  turn into a tax haven ) '' . 
  this was even * before * anyone started negotiating, 
  its not the case of the eu denying the deal , its based on the ability to compromise ( from both sides ) and theresa may has said she wo n't compromise on anything and will only settle for getting each of her demands . 
  its just unrealistic . 
  pretty ironic to call anyone else imperialistic . 
  i dont think no deal + crashing out is sensible at all to be honest but each to their own . 
  it seems rather crazy that the brexiteers think no deal and crashing out is better than staying in eu . . 
  thats not true . 
  the scots ( like everyone else ) didnt know the eu referendum would be happening when they voted in independence referendum . 
  one major argument for staying in the uk was to retain their membership of eu . 
  also i dont understand where you get the idea that scots value uk over the eu , where a higher % voted to stay in the eu over the uk, 
  agree except the difference is that the uk is actually sovereign , while scotland is not . 
  good - then everyones happy, 
  there are parties that would want to , but they havent been given a chance ( so far ) . 
  ok maybe my statement wasnt entirely incorrect . 
  what i meant is that no other eu country has voted to leave eu except uk . 
  it 's really not . 
  you just assume everyone shares your views . 
  sure there most definitely are racist parties in europe but that 's often towards muslims not eastern europeans . 
  most people do n't have problems with migration * between * eu countries, 
  but that is negated by the fact that the brexit side won ? 
  i dont find the fact that romanians and bulgarians are moving to the uk offensive . 
  what i find offensive is the response to it . 
  came here to say this !, 
  they wo n't be a problem - they 'd be a problem if scotland left uk unilaterally but they wouldnt do that, 
  fair enough but i did mean literally 2 out of 4 of the countries which is 50 % . 
  even though they dont match wales and england in population or area wise , its still a big loss . 
  they may be non-eu tourists though ( whose status has n't changed in the uk ) . 
  i dont fully trust the stats either - one article posted on r/europe once claimed finns were coming in record numbers , but that was compared to the previous week and the week in question was the start of summer holidays so finnish tourist numbers would 've jumped everywhere . 
  if you mean peacefully as in without starting a war , yes .
