  thanks but even if i may be partly correct technically , if estonians like yourself consider it separate then it makes sense to refer to it in their terms, 
  i thought it was a part of the area of kalamaja, 
  yea i mean telliskivi . 
  is n't telliskivi * in * kalamaja ? 
  came to check if they had kalamaja in tallinn or kallio in helsinki . 
  you 've ever looked at an american tourist with a smidgeon of contempt, 
  well it certainly is n't everyone, 
  i personally did n't experience that at all till brexit and trump , otherwise this would n't have become my most visited sub, 
  yes - i agree it was the more memorable one !, 
  and the song they wrote for * us * was an added bonus . 
  didnt you notice ? 
  since the brexit and trump , r/europe is suddenly getting a lot of brexiteers and trump voters visiting for trolling purposes . 
  this . 
  should be higher up . 
  though maybe its because you didnt say wc95 * and * 2011, 
  haha , better luck next time !, 
  thats what i dont understand . 
  if its a human rights violation , why is it ok for it to be illegal ? 
  well that sucks , since having a kid costs even more . 
  i thought abortion was some kind of human right ( in europe anyway ) , whoops . 
  wow i ca n't believe abortion is still illegal in some places in europe , thats so sad . 
  is it legal for them to travel to other parts of europe , or even other parts of the same country ( like scotland or england ) to get it ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  i thought that theresa may had said no to the cancelling of the visit , citing that it is some kind of `` populist gesture '' ( how ironic ) that people tried to stop it . 
  but now based on this article it looks like it may still get cancelled after all ? 
  thats not the case , the eu is not a communist state . 
  they help in making investment conditions in these areas more likely , thats all . 
  uk is net contributor for sure , but contribution / capita definitely not . 
  the only reason why its net contributor is because you are a large country within eu , not because per capita you contribute more because its not the case . 
  they are n't half members . 
  they are members and ones that are taking advantage of the situation that is provided to them and its mutually beneficial . 
  why would the eu knowingly fund these poorer states ? 
  one thing that donald trump doesnt seem to understand is that you should want your neighbours to do well so they are a good trading partner . 
  not really . 
  even uk with all their opt outs have a lot to untangle in leaving , its bit more complicated than ` free trial ' . 
  unless i misunderstood what you meat by free trial, 
  the eu is not punishing the uk by saying that they will not give up one of the pillars of the eu ( the 4 freedoms ) to keep a non-member happy or by saying they wont give a non-member a better deal than a member . 
  these are not punishments or threats . 
  it is literally giving the uk what it voted for , being a non-member and being treated as much . 
  the only one who is threatening actual trade war is theresa may and she is threatening it if she doesnt get a better deal outside eu than the ones inside the eu !, 
  she has tried to push the eu into a corner but it just is n't going to work . 
  she seems to forget that the eu still has 450 million citizens whose interests are the priority of the eu, 
   hope the eu doesnt pursue this route the only person who has threatened trade war is theresa may . 
  and she threatened it if she doesnt get a deal outside eu that is better than the ones inside the eu get . 
  funny how uk politicians publicly threaten and bitch about the eu then follow it up by `` we are open for business '' . 
  they may as well be saying `` we dont like you but we like your money '', 
  the only person who has threatened a trade war is theresa may . 
  yea especially when the rest of the subscribers would have to pick up their tab !, 
  so basically just 2 countries of the eu are double the gdp of russia , let alone the whole of the eu . 
  italy doesnt have to beg the eu to do anything , they chose themselves to be in eu and are an equal partner in it like everyone else . 
  edit : also i dont disagree on some points like they may have bigger potential but my comparison puts this whole question of op into context . 
  ah fair enough , you 'd know better than me . 
  its dumb because trump is overestimating the importance of russia , after all its gdp the size of italy 's ( no offence italy ) and its not worth the damage it may cause to relationships with other countries . 
  i think the perceived threats of us/russia alignment will inevitably increase support of eu among eu citizens so thats one silver lining . 
  fair enough - i guess that explains the distinction, 
  reminds me of this posted on reddit awhile back : http://i.imgur.com/p6t8znt.jpg, 
  good to know , thanks, 
  good to know , thanks, 
  is the eu allowed to reject a us ambassador appointed by the president ? 
  i would have thought eu has no say in such matters even if it is the ambassador to the eu . 
  unless you didnt mean it literally . 
  this . 
  previous us administrations consider eu an ally and want it be strong . 
  now the new president sees eu as competition instead because he has a fragile ego . 
  sad !, 
  the list compiled by statistics finland is a list of studies done by non-finnish institutions . 
  it doesnt claim to be unbiased , at the top of the list it says :  at the threshold of finland 's centenary celebrations , we collected a list of these things in which finland is one of the best in the world . 
  because we think it looks cool . 
  fair enough , i can see some parallels too but one major theme of this one is russia and putin which wasnt addressed in the dutch one ( if i remember correctly ), 
  yea its suppose to be funny, 
  correct - so the rule that negotiations dont start until article 50 is invoked . 
  thats why this is n't being negotiated yet , not because eu is trying to be difficult . 
  true but he is one that participated . 
  even if no brit was involved , they did still sign up to these rules . 
  i mean the text of article 50 in the lisbon treaty that was signed in 2007 states these rules . 
  these rules were set way before any brexit was considered . 
  if we are strictly talking about the cartoon , i think it says that uk is willing to cut their arm off , which definitely does not mean maliciously trying to negotiate the best deal for them , quite the opposite . 
  more like they want to leave and are willing to cut their arm off for it . 
  ( though less relevant now after the supreme court judgement today ) i think sturgeon says that because she knows she ca n't win the argument to try to force england to stay in eu when they voted out but wants scotland to remain in as thats what she thinks is best and also what was voted for in scotland . 
  so she was / has been trying to see if scotland can stay ( like a reverse greenland type deal ) or if it requires independence . 
  of course her ambition is independence and she does n't deny it but she does think it hurts scottish economy a lot to leave eu and is trying to protect scotland from it , even though i suspect she herself wouldnt be interested in referendum quite so soon since losing the last one so is trying to come up with alternative options . 
  i dont think the eu would 've gone to war for ukraine , because even under current conditions they could 've more than the sanctions they imposed . 
  eu can push to give more powers but they just ca n't make any country do anything , which is why people are comfortable in the eu . 
  these kind of things need approval and if they dont get it , it doesnt happen . 
  i dont think there is any eu rule that prohibit military action because no eu military exists currently . 
  there are , however , strict rules about how eu can operate and i believe some have to do with not being hostile but it would take me too long to try to find it . 
  maybe you should ask british politicians as it was john kerr a british politician that wrote the article 50 . 
  the reason why uk is excluded is because those are the rules , nothing more sinister than that . 
  ukraine themselves wanted to have association agreement with eu and eu was willing to seriously consider . 
  you are trying to misrepresent the situation . 
  the eu by no means tried to force ukraine , and definitely not militarily , to join eu . 
  countries strive to meet criteria to join , nobody is forced . 
  their inability to do so was what caused euromaidan , because public wanted closer union but were n't allowed . 
  the reason why i can assume eu military is only defensive : many countries , like ireland , finland , sweden , and others would not join such agreements that are offensive because they are neutral . 
  finland and sweden are n't even in nato . 
  also , any kind of hostile action goes against the eu rules and they would never allow it themselves . 
  individual countries like uk has done such stuff and gone for example into iraq , but never as part of eu policy and that wouldd never be case with a military alliance, 
  we did , maybe you didnt . 
  not only with his mouth but with his actions ( no offence to philippine citizens ) . 
  i think he even said himself he had killed a few people ?
