  but the uk government has been pretty hostile , threatening trade war if they dont get what they want before any negotiations have begun , using eu immigrants as bargaining chips , saying the eu could be crushed into pieces , openly admitting they hope for the demise of the eu , amber rudd suggesting they should name and shame companies who hire foreigners . 
  doesnt sound very welcoming place for eu citizens, 
  2 of 4 countries is what i meant . 
  you kinda did because the tories did offer to have a referendum if they won , right ? 
  le pen has not been voted in so you ca n't use her as an example unless she actually wins ( which i seriously doubt she will ) . 
  any country having 10 % support for radical measures is not significant enough for you to be making all these outlandish comments like `` everyone wants . . '' `` nobody wants . . '' or to suggest 90 % would vote for the end of the eu . 
  even the likes of geert wilders , as bad as he is , seems to blame muslims for everything and not eastern europeans . 
  come to think of it , le pen too . 
  you clearly seem to have a problem with eastern europe but dont project it on the rest of us . 
  not even by area ? 
  scotland + northern ireland is bit smaller but its not too far from being the same size as wales + england . 
  there is absolutely nothing to support your claims . 
  no other country except the uk has voted in a party that would take them out of eu which suggests that in fact people are fine with freedom of movement including from eastern europe . 
  you are just making shit up now with comments like `` nobody wants to move to eastern europe '' `` nobody wants them in western europe '' . 
  you and the uk ( where i assume you are from ) do not speak for all of the eu, 
  ugh you miss the point entirely . 
  its not that i 've mistakenly assumed that strict visas have been imposed already though article 50 has n't been triggered and i wo n't be able to come even though i desperately want to , the point is people do n't * want * to anymore . 
  people can keep repeating the slogan of `` global britain '' but what the uk is actually doing suggests something very different - it 's just not happened yet . 
  it is not about a small number of physical attacks and murders , it 's the general hostility portrayed by the brexit vote which accounts for a huge part of the population . 
  the brexit has changed * some * people 's views about the uk and that was to be expected, 
  the flair should give a clue . 
  i 'm not a huge fan so hardly an expert but i do n't recall a red jam, 
  maybe thats what the brits think but a lot of others dont and in fact like the eu . 
  i dont think you are right that 90 % would accept , the freedom of movement has much wider implications than just people . 
  it would be the end of the single market as we know it, 
  you didnt say it . 
  i was just demonstrating what is offensive about the comment theresa may made, 
  not at all . 
  we would be offended by any country that suddenly decided to reduce the rights of our citizens living in their countries , and/or suddenly started calling them criminals , only there for benefits ( which is pretty ironic given that if any nordic person actually only wanted benefits they 'd be better staying at home ) , stealing jobs etc. 
  i know its not everyone saying that but the media has definitely portrayed a pretty serious hostility of british towards eu immigrants and the eu as a whole . 
  i ca n't recall any other country having done that though, 
   the u.k. 
  gives the eu a louder voice on the world stage citing number of votes on imf board and germany is number 1 on the list . 
  this is super biased if they say the eu is the one that is losing the most here not the uk . 
  also , potentially scotland and northern ireland so basically half the country, 
  me too , in finland !, 
  i 'm fairly happy with staying in nordics , even though trump has been warning us of the dangers !, 
  its offensive to say i need to bring up the drawbridge to my country asap because i dont want you guys ( specifically you guys from those 2 countries ) in it . 
  i also do think its offensive to basically say that your country is such a shithole that obviously you 'd want to leave it . 
  even though its true that they are poorer countries and therefore * some * people migrate to get better earnings because they are able to, 
  still , after all thats happened in the last months its very off-putting ( though maybe not for everyone ) . 
  you can try to logically explain to someone why they should choose one holiday destination over another but it will still be mainly down to their personal opinions . 
  also with regard to canada and usa , its very easy to travel there ( its not even a visa its a visa waiver ) but it sounds like it would be strict entry to uk like russia is . 
  all you 've said assumes that they in fact want to leave their country . 
  thats one reason its offensive . 
  also i dont buy that english-speaking argument - i 've known a lot of foreigners move to finland without knowing language and managed just fine with english ( including studies ) . 
  i 'd assume its the same in estonia . 
  i mean literally anyone who is n't an american citizen - like a french person in france , an `` immigrant '' so the presumption ( though maybe subconsciously ) is that everyone wants to move to the us . 
  i hadnt noticed it myself but someone ( like a john oliver ) commented on it . 
  i tried to find the clip but there are far too many results showing up on the topic of trump and immigrants, 
  doesnt matter - difficulty visiting a location ( like visa requirement ) and general hostility and even physical attacks towards europeans reported in the media will still deter people visiting , despite this technicality . 
  it 's at very minimum very offensive to single out those 2 countries and assume they would all want to leave their respective countries for the uk . 
  they 've been able to for years and have n't . 
  yea dont worry - nobody else in eu thinks this way . 
  i guess its like trump who seems to call all non-americans `` immigrants '' . . even ones living in their own respective countries . 
  such arrogance . 
  because of attitudes of people like you that lead to the brexit vote - no wonder it won if you seriously think all foreigners are criminals . 
  i dont think i 've seen a laskiaspulla with red jam, 
  even as just a person living in sweden , she probably has a clearer idea of what is going on there - more so than the `` author and commentator '' who may have never been to sweden . 
  it has n't had a negative effect - she said that the people who came to sweden from the balkans as refugees in the 90s have been a positive contribution to the country . 
  do you have some evidence to refute that ? 
  i dont see why it would be different now - though obviously it may not be as evident yet as they are new . 
  it 's utterly bizarre that these 2 , like trump , are trying to convince everyone ( including swedes now it seems ! ), 
  that they are living in some shithole when they are n't . 
  yea its pretty shocking, 
  wow this really makes my blood boil . 
  first these guys are trying to tell a swedish politician they know more about sweden than she does . 
  second , they are trying to push their anti-refugee/immigrant rhetoric now on people who actually want to help refugees !, 
  its one thing to bring up the drawbridge and refuse to help but to try to stop others helping is something else . 
  you very specifically did say impossible - unsure why we are arguing this when we can both see your previous comment . 
  many countries speak english - most can manage as tourists and as residents knowing only that, 
  yea but not to an unlimited degree !, 
  why doesnt the government just control eu immigration then ? 
  theres a lot they could do to reduce eu immigration specifically that doesnt require them to leave the eu, 
  they should build more housing then , not blame immigrants . 
  besides they do have control over eu immigration as well , they just choose not to control it . 
  there was really no need to leave the eu over it, 
  they didnt say it . 
  they just reject applications for citizenship / permanent residency ( with no legitimate reasons why ) telling people to go home . 
  they wo n't literally round up people and deport them but they will make it impossible / difficult for them to stay post brexit . 
  true - they didnt even need to leave the eu to reduce eu immigration . 
  it was the tory party that decided to have the referendum . 
  it was tories that ran the official brexit campaign ( boris johnson , gove , etc ) . 
  labour , snp etc were officially anti-brexit . 
  tories were both . 
  i dont think blaming immigrants on the tory policies that help the rich and punishes the poor will address the problem . 
  nor will deporting immigrants to the point where there is staff shortages and employers are forced to pay more - this leads to everything costing a lot more too . 
  washington dc is no longer washington dc, 
  i dont think i 'm using the term `` racism '' too lightly . 
  i think the alternative is to normalise the behaviour of trump and theresa may and i refuse to do that . 
  the people are n't getting the permanent residency and its not because of laziness - in theory they are suppose to but most are getting rejected and told to move away with no good reason . 
  its not really the same thing . 
  its one thing to have existing immigration policies , its different to suddenly overnight decide to take away the rights of people who are living in your country and have been for potentially decades . 
  if hitler had said `` dont come to germany or else '' that would 've been horrible but better than what did actually happen , that he took people who were already there and had every reason to be there and suddenly turned around and killed them . 
  what you are talking about is just semantics . 
  it 's still discriminatory against eastern europeans even if not strictly `` racist '', 
  eu citizen is not a race , no . 
  but it is non-british . 
  and the main problem appears to be eastern europeans . 
  finland is n't anti-immigrant .
