he already does, 
  i 'm not suggesting they are all genuine refugees , but is it not possible that genuine refugees , once safe in a country , would consider moving to another safe country they prefer ? 
  i just dont get the logic of them choosing to move as evidence of them not being refugees . 
  just out of curiosity , what did they sue for ? 
  i 'm indifferent . 
  i doubt her being european will affect trump 's policies in any way , so europe wo n't be shown any favouritism because of it . 
  his chat about nato is in fact bad for slovenia and europe generally, 
  for anyone not familiar with naantali , its where they have moomin world . 
  i love naantali , you are lucky to live there !, 
  i 'm not sure this would 've gone ahead anyway , too many eu countries would 've wanted to block it . 
  yea , thats again the very narrow-minded thinking of the uk government . 
  i 'm not an expert on the issue but i think the answer is that nobody knows yet . 
  i think the location of agencies has to be agreed to by each governments of member states , so if uk tries to block the agencies moving during the 2 year time period after triggering article 50 , then the eu has to wait 2 years for uk to be out and without a vote on the issue , and then they can move it . 
  my answer assumes that uk has full voting rights for 2 years after triggering article 50 . 
  i personally think it would be silly for them to block it and cause aggravation because soon enough they can move it when the uk has no say on the matter , but then again they have been blocking lots of stuff that soon wo n't be their concern . 
  i had no idea the uk is trying and thinks they have a shot at keeping the ema , thats annoying and wo n't happen . 
  thats exactly the point !, 
  just because not everything trump does is bad , doesnt make him good, 
  dont feel the need to defend germany , its just a british tabloid article that should probably be removed for lack of credible source . 
  i hope you are right and i think you are . 
  the shit show that the uk currently are should be and hopefully is a warning to the rest of europe ( according to polls , support for eu has grown a lot post-brexit ) . 
  i think the uk would just feel better about being viewed as bigoted throughout the world if others followed suit . 
  that 's basically what hitler did though , he improved economy ( through stuff like tariff on imports ) but those other annoying bits , like despicable attitude , did not lead to a good outcome . 
  of course there are checks and balances so i 'm not expecting him to literally become hitler ( and to be fair , i dont think he wants to become quite that either ) but my point is just that there may be things more important or sufficiently important that they outweigh the good he can do . 
  in your defence , trump is a 4 ( max 8 ) year mistake . 
  brexit is likely to be for much longer . 
  though there is no excuse to vote trump , your chances decreased through no fault of your own when bernie lost . 
  its nice but a picture from around the square would 've been even better, 
  it is a democratic country , and the country votes for which members of parliament it wants , and those mp 's then vote for things on behalf of the public . 
  it is a democratic country but its not a direct democracy . 
  i personally think the brexit will go ahead after parliamentary vote , because those mp 's want to keep their seats in next ge so will vote how their constituency did , which majority will be to leave . 
  it remains to be seen whether mp 's get to decide on what type of brexit it is . 
  what this court case was about was whether the government can proceed with brexit ( after an advisory referendum ) however they want without approval from parliament , which it turns out they ca n't . 
  it 's just that any new laws or withdrawal of laws needs parliamentary approval . 
  just because an advisory referendum took place ( which is not legally binding ) doesnt mean the government can ignore laws of the country . 
  hope this makes sense . 
  ok i didnt know that but if thats true then he 's a bit hypocritical for saying the govt has gone too much to the right but he 's still justified in resigning because he feels govt is actually now being undemocratic by ignoring laws ( like the requirement to get parliamentary approval for things ) which would 've happened if some random person had n't taken it to court . 
  article said he quit because 1 ) tory party has become ukip-lite and because 2 ) the govt think they can do whatever they want , including ignoring parliament . 
  he 's not resigning because of the appeal by the government , but because they were planning to proceed with brexit and ignoring parliament until a member of public stepped in and took it to court . 
  even though this issue has been/is being dealt with , it doesnt mean further issues like this wo n't arise . 
  i dont think any currently elected government of eu countries has said they want brexit to happen . 
  they want them to stay in the eu , which allows brits to stay in eu countries . 
  you do realise this whole brexit thing was brought on by the uk , nobody else ? 
  so i 'm not sure where you 're suddenly getting the idea that eu countries wants brits out of their countries . 
  yet eu countries are saying they can stay , and she is still saying she is n't sure . 
  it 's really not even the job of eu countries to assure her , when the conservative party are the ones that caused brexit , not eu countries or their citizens . 
  theresa may has specifically said she wo n't guarantee it , and will use it as a bargaining chip . 
  i can link articles but suspect you 've seen them all and chose to believe otherwise . 
  she even said she may consider letting doctors stay till 2025 . 
  i 'm not really interested in this same back and forth you see everywhere about whether vote leave was more about immigration or `` sovereignty '' or whatever . 
  from the article :  while the conservative government flounders in talks about what will happen to the 3 million foreign eu citizens based in the uk , two german parties have already offered up the idea of bestowing new citizenship upon young british expats in germany it is totally different !, 
  the only reason why germany is not handing out passports right now is because the uk has n't officially started to leave yet as article 50 has n't been invoked . 
  merkel has also said she would ensure they could stay . 
  and think about it , german parties are saying this as part of election manifesto , to german people who will vote , thinking this would be a popular opinion . 
  the opposite won in the uk . 
  german government ( like it was mentioned in this article and elsewhere ) are trying to secure british peoples ability to stay in germany . 
  in the uk , theresa may has specifically said she will not guarantee eu nationals right to stay and its up for negotiation like everything else . 
  article 50 has n't been invoked so nobody has done or can do anything but the attitude and efforts are totally opposite . 
  uber are using a loophole to call their employees independent contractors and therefore deny them the salary or benefits they are entitled to , thats why they were brought to employment tribunal !, 
  so if i were a taxi driver , i certainly wouldnt want to switch to uber . 
  i 'm sure in some countries there may be price fixing , but it doesnt justify another taxi company coming in and ignoring all the rules . 
  this price fixing doesnt happen in finland anyway i dont think , the pricing is regulated . 
  the answer is to deal with anti-competitive behaviour ( like price fixing ) which is probably against the law , not allow more companies to come in and break rules, 
  it really irritates me that any brits could be seen as victims here . 
  1 ) they voted for it and 2 ) despite brexit vote not being germany 's fault the german govt are trying to ensure brits living in germany can remain there while the uk government , who did cause brexit , are using eu nationals as bargaining chips . 
  did ftfy, 
  i 'm surprised they even mentioned finland in this article because i think uber is illegal in finland . 
  uber drivers should either have to pay the taxi license fees normal taxi drivers pay or alternatively they could get rid of the license fee for all . 
  what uber is doing is unfair to the competition , because they are ignoring the rules and not because they 've found a much better way to do things . 
  i think getting rid of the extra fees/costs for all could be a good way to go about it , like they did in some cities in the us , but if the govt decides to shut them down because of refusal to pay license fees , and fair wages to employees too apparently , thats totally reasonable too . 
  dont know why uber thinks they are above the law . 
  i 'm sure people would love a cheaper taxi service but i wouldnt at the expense of someone getting a decent salary . 
  if you ca n't afford the normal cost of taxi , take the bus . 
  i just personally dont consider things like how much money has been spent on nuclear weapons and therefore a countries ability to kill others as a good measure of how important or good a country is , i value things like social welfare / wellbeing of citizens more . 
  so think we are just too far apart on those type of issues to have any kind of discussion . 
  and yes i agree the us probably would be much richer had they not spent so much money on their military , illegal wars , and bombing of countries over decades . 
  but that certainly was n't something finland had asked for or even condoned . 
  i know that wasnt the main point of the clip , but still it was mentioned so i commented . 
  the immigration debate definitely has centered on immigration from the european union , which does include nordics , france and germany . 
  eu immigrants have been a huge topic and has probably been mentioned in every discussion about brexit, 
  so you are saying us helps finland militarily when finland is n't even in nato , and the us has n't actually done anything to help finland , but it counts because they 've started helping from the very moment finland has not been involved in any wars . 
  i think your chat about lack of importance of nordic countries just proves my point more . 
  that was just a part of the point but you are definitely trying to perpetuate the stereotype about how brits view the world, 
  your type of chat is exactly what i 'm talking about so thanks for adding this to my point . 
  `` so unimportant , how could they possibly be better than us at anything ''  largely relying on the blanket protection of the usa and others right , i dont recall anyone helping out finland during russian invasion so would be great if you could provide an example of this . 
  this clip is one example . 
  omg economic equality is much better in sweden than uk !, 
  actually we 'd have to increase spending by # 1 billion a week to have same level of funding in nhs as german equivalent !, 
  another example is where brexiteers are accusing eu nationals of coming to uk to claim britains `` superior '' benefits , where in fact if us nordic people wanted to sit home and claim benefits we would get much better benefits by staying in our home country . 
  as a finn , it really irritates me the type of chat you get out of the uk ( and us ) about how they view their countries . 
  such as : `` omg believe it or not , the uk ( or us ) isnt the best at everything in the world ( healthcare , equality etc ) , who would 've thought ! '', 
  when it seems glaringly obvious to the rest of the world . 
  its practically offensive to the nordics , because it usually is followed by `` wtf , instead the country leading in equality/healthcare/social welfare/education/etc is so and so little nordic country nobody ever hears about , no way '', 
  i was n't the one that brought it up - i was commenting after someone else brought it up . 
  ( actually you ) i was not taking about the uk 's greatness , i was talking about the uk 's obsession with their long gone empire . 
  not the same thing !, 
  still curious to know what your problem with finns are ? 
  there is no obsession-it 's just an observation of 1 finn about the uk 's obsession over it . 
  what is your problem with finnish people ? 
  i tried to post other more relevant ones but my message was automatically removed for posting such a low quality newspaper !,
