  that also assumes that most eu workers are in low wage jobs which is n't the case as a large majority are skilled professionals . 
  i dont think you with a swedish-finn fiance has a much better idea of how nordic immigrants are being treated after the vote than a nordic immigrant living in the uk like myself ?!, 
  i 've even heard of 15 year old kids being harassed for speaking finnish on the street in remain-voting london . 
  you 've just shat all over eu nationals ( all want to work illegally , not pay tax , fight over below minimum wage jobs because none are skilled enough to actually be in professional jobs ) but you are some beacon of tolerance for having a swedish-finn fiance and also apparently understand how finns are treated in the uk better than finns in the uk themselves . 
  i dont know any leave voters ( or at least any that admit to being one ) so dont have much else to go by . 
  all my british friends are remain voters who actually have pesky eu nationals like myself as friends . 
  chances are 572 of them voted to leave . 
  that would make sense to me but its not necessarily the case , on reddit i 've seen lots of these type of comments `` lol i voted to leave but gaining irish/german/other eu country citizenship so we can keep them out but we can still access eu '', 
  so i should also assume most people voted leave so they can stay in the eu ? 
  no i 'm pretty sure it was an intended consequence , since the leave vote was mainly about eu immigration !, 
  nordic people have been harassed in the uk along with those from poorer countries so dont think the average daily mail reader differentiates between one eu national from another and nor should they ( not that they should harass anyone at all , but that they should n't harass a polish person any more than a swede ) i also dont think you can blame immigrants on the minimum working conditions and wages set by the uk government, 
  not all but enough for the vote to have gone the way it did , even though 6 months later the people that voted for it dont know what `` it '' is . 
  i 'm not assuming anything . 
  i 'm talking about the specific actions of 2 people trump and niinist\u00f6 and your disapproval of niinist\u00f6 not being misogynistic like trump . 
  not only swedes , but all eu nationals which includes swedes . 
  the irony of them voting to leave the eu to keep swedes out of the uk , then applying for swedish citizenship so they themselves can stay in sweden . . 
  hey , sorry to disappoint but trump election doesnt suddenly mean treating women like objects / being misogynistic is now cool , funny or smart , except maybe at r/the _ donald, 
  correct but it doesnt invalidate what i said . . he has a 2nd wife because his first one died , not because he switches to a younger version every ~ 10 years like trump, 
  ok thanks for the clarification . 
  in that case , it would make sense if the br from brexit came from britain since those 2 are the ones that wanted out . 
  since when is britain only wales and england ? 
  i thought it was the name of the island which also includes scotland . 
  it 's not quite the same . 
  niinist\u00f6 's first wife died in a car crash , its not like he just switched her for a younger model like trump does . 
  incidentally he was also a survivor of the 2004 indian ocean earthquake . 
  its just really unoriginal , that whole finland conspiracy thing has been done to death on reddit . 
  you 've said yourself elsewhere on this thread that this is a click bait low quality paper so unsure why you are still arguing . 
  i 've already explained why italians being anti-immigrant does not mean they are necessarily anti-eu immigrants or anti-eu or populist , so wo n't keep repeating myself, 
  not really , based on the kind of articles they 've come up with over the past half year . 
  not desperate at all . 
  it just irritates me that british newspapers are trying to make it seem like all of europe is eurosceptic when they are n't . 
  when people talk about `` immigrants '' europeans probably consider these to be people outside the eu , while the uk considers these mainly to be people within the eu . 
  so while the survey may be ok , the newspaper is trying to twist it into something it probably is n't, 
  but the problem started off with existing people who were already making the dangerous journey . 
  the uk 's policy means that , after that dangerous journey , they should go back . 
  cool thanks !, 
  i 'm pretty sure this whole article is false , but if it is n't , then i 'm sure italians dont have problem with immigration from the eu i.e. 
  finland germany etc while the uk do . 
  italians are pro-eu . 
  no surprise this kind of article comes from a british `` newspaper '', 
  no its worse . 
  do you think taking in these refugees is at zero cost to germany ? 
  so germany is by far doing more than uk , they are spending the money and taking people . 
  germany has taken much more than 150k , you dont get to compare 1 years worth of efforts by germany to total efforts made by uk though even if you did , germany would 've still done more . 
   ample eu contributions which you are trying to get rid of . 
  the uk has taken in a lot less refugees than other european countries . 
  any money put towards the problem has been to keep the refugees out of the uk, 
  why is it in russian then ? 
  what are you on about with regard to who gets to decide ? 
  op decided as the op , a reddit post doesnt need agreement between countries and if it did then the uk definitely wouldnt get to decide as the country that has helped refugees the least . 
  not really . 
  population says more about resources than land i think . 
  otherwise greenland would have more resources to help refugees than most european countries but they dont . 
  well , it was on the official welcome sign at helsinki airport . 
  or was for quite a long time , not see it for awhile . 
  i suspect next slogan will be : welcome to hel . 
  surprised the guy is n't happy with the space he already has going there tbh . 
  glad people are n't continuing to attribute this to airport when it was at slush . 
  what was at airport ( or was last few times i 've been ) is w.t.f. 
  ( welcome to finland ), 
  true but your one shows applications not approvals so its not totally comparable to op 's numbers . 
  i also think it was late in 2015 that merkel said refugees welcome in germany so dont think 2015 is the year to look at but 2016 if we are talking about germany, 
  fair enough for posting but this data is pretty out of date . 
  first i thought the numbers looked low but its just that its out of date , referring to 2015 not 16, 
  per capita would make more sense . 
  uk has a much larger population ( 65m ) than sweden ( 10m ) so the difference is actually much bigger than just the literal numbers . 
  what is it ? 
  ok so you mean you want control over the trading relationships / laws of the uk , fair enough . 
  single market = eu hence the confusion . 
  if you want to change laws in the single market , the only way to do so is staying in . 
  i agree , the referendum had nothing to do with the eu , just internal affairs . 
  its true that the far right parties supports the no side but that definitely does not mean that everyone on the no side supports the far right . 
  its just the media trying to connect the vote with far right to make it into a bigger story than it is . 
  i 'm glad this has become so popular on reddit but its not from the airport but the slush event in helsinki . 
  in the airport they at least previously had w.t.f. 
  ( welcome to finland ), 
  why do you want out of the single market ? 
  what is causing this ? 
  til that finland has a `` celebratory ( or party ) liquor '' for next year and its vana tallinn . 
  never tried it before , sounds good !, 
  obviously his wiki page wo n't mentioned it you muppet u/nounhud as its damaging to his reputation . 
  thanks u/angeldust01 even if its not hugely reputable that particular source its been mentioned in reputable sources many times before, 
  not really . 
  tariffs are n't the issue , its common regulation tariffs are n't really an issue in the modern world anymore , its ease of trade with differing regulations, 
  as far as i know , each country has rights to control external immigration . 
  just not within schegen ( so your average swede or dutch guy `` invading '' austria ) so eu national can come in . 
  so whats the problem ? 
  you can control any external people coming , finland has and indeed reduced their refugee benefits to equal sweden because so many left sweden for finland because of better benefits so they wanted to even things out . 
  based on this , i truly believe every eu country can limit their refugee / immigrant intake ( from outside the eu ) so i 'm not sure what you 're worried about . 
  they may not be welcome in austria but believe me they do have control of their external borders , just not amongst us europeans . 
  i know i probably will seem ridiculous right now , but i wouldnt be surprised if our treatment of syrians/iraqi in 20 years people viewed europe the same as the americans who said they ca n't help the jews in the 40 's and sent the back to europe which lead to extermination camps, 
  everyone has asked `` so does it mean leaving single market ? '', 
  and may refuses to answer , repeating `` we are looking for the best deal for the british people '' . . she knows leaving single market is not best for british people ( the uk 's biggest export market , 50 % in fact ) so no , its not clear whats she 's saying . 
  an fta would be crap for the uk , uk is 80 % services and an fta doesnt include that . 
  its not working too well for them though , unless you want to proceed with the tactics of your late countryman that caused some chaos amongst europe . 
  perhaps they should go the eu route instead ? 
  cooperation instead of hatred ? 
  do you know how long the border with mexico is ? 
  wrong https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/27/uk-to-deploy-hundreds-of-troops-and-aircraft-to-eastern-europe, 
  i was being sarcastic .
