  we havent voted in any far right parties . 
  we have also taken in quite a lot of refugees . 
  we are n't planning to leave the eu so we can stop europeans coming . 
  what you say is n't fair . 
  i dont know the exact criteria for immigration to finland from outside the eu but there are quite a lot of foreigners so hardly the case that we dont let people in . 
  you still have n't answered the question - instead attack finland, 
  yea thats what i meant - thanks for the correction, 
  why wo n't they give it back ? 
  or maybe i 'm the idiot - perhaps finland was part of sweden at the time ? 
  why does may want to deport doctors and nurses working in the nhs , when there is a huge shortage ? 
  what is a non-racist reason for wanting to deport much needed staff , except for the fact they are foreign ? 
  your only argument is that anti-immigrant doesnt necessarily mean racist but have n't specified why , particularly in cases when those staff are desperately needed . 
  why are people anti-immigration then ? 
  what is a non-racist reason for it ? 
  well , first its wanting to deport people just for being foreign ( brexit campaign ) . 
  then its breaking point posters ( farage ) . 
  then its wanting to name and shame companies hiring foreigners ( amber rudd ) . 
  saying all bulgarians and romanians are people traffickers ( farage ) then theresa may says she is willing to consider letting foreigners working in uk as doctors to stay till 2021 ( even though theres a huge shortage of doctors in nhs ) it sounds like it to me . 
  i dont understand your communism point btw, 
  oh come on . 
  it 's like that friend who has to preface each statement with `` i 'm not racist but . . '' it usually means they are . 
  ok got it . 
  it 's because they are anti-immigration and thats the whole reason for the brexit . 
  some people in the govt has even said nazi-sounding stuff like they should name and shame companies who hire foreign workers . 
  another strong supporter of brexit is nigel farage / former ukip party leader , and he too had racist things like ` breaking point ' poster which sounded also like nazi propaganda . 
  and he 's been open about not liking hearing foreign languages in the uk / romanian and bulgarians are all people traffickers etc. 
  but even if you argue that you ca n't attach comments made by individuals to the cause , its still inescapable that the whole brexit thing is anti-immigration . 
  i guess this is technically * worse * than a racist hateful party because this is * probably * for life , unlike a party that can be voted out within a few years . 
  yea corbyn is a strange case , i agree its not exclusively that pro-brexit is right wing but broadly it is . 
  his party officially was pro-eu and campaigned for it though he himself didnt go very far in helping with campaign, 
  why is this boat named after a finnish city ? 
  not in the uk , which is the topic of discussion here . 
  the left leaning parties like snp were anti-brexit while right wing parties like tories and ukip are pro-brexit . 
  though not exclusively but broadly speaking . 
  also anti-immigration / closing borders like definitely like a far right thing not left . 
  euroscepticism doesnt exclusively have to be a far right thing ( like it is n't in dk i guess ) but usually it is, 
  while its true that there is some overlap of who voted for brexit , i think its pretty clear that pro-brexit is more far right on political spectrum than left . 
  you have ( mainly but not exclusively ) very left wing party like snp voting against it in parliament while you have ukip and tories voting for it . 
  it 's not also only about what parties support but they have some far right policy ideas like anti-immigration . 
  yes i agree that ukip supporters would relish the success of extreme parties across the continent and vice versa - doesnt that suggest that indeed there is a connection rather than there is n't ? 
  well it is certainly more far right than left , even if you do have a bit of overlap on which parties support what . 
  snp all voted to cancel the brexit and tory / ukip voted for it . 
  also they have far right policy like anti-immigration, 
  well their main thing is anti-immigration like trump / wilders / le pen, 
  i dont think he will win , he is losing lots of support in the polls . 
  yea i 'd be annoyed if they got the symbolic victory / validation for the brexiteers and trump voters but i dont think / hope they would even get that and at least it wouldnt be as bad as them actually being in power, 
  i really hope all the far right parties lose this year . 
  i think the brexiteers and trump voters feel better about themselves saying `` oh but so and so country will be voting for an equally racist / hateful party '' i really hope they dont get that validation !, 
  yea compulsory voting would be good in a sense . 
  i think brexit would 've lost too - the eu supporters just are n't as enthusiastic and less inclined to go vote, 
  no it is n't - i know plenty of foreigners who moved to finland without speaking a word of finnish and still many years later have n't bothered to learn it !, 
  it has not been `` impossible '' for them to come here . 
  i guess your point is to gloat that polish people are so totally fucked and its because you guys voted them out but its not true at all, 
  i dont know what that link is but it doesnt sound like one i want to click, 
  you are using stats of immigration not outflow . . so not the net figure . 
  ( and i have n't actually checked whether your stats are correct ) you think people are n't moving between the other 27 eu countries daily ? 
  people are n't only moving to uk , people are moving between other eu countries every day, 
  they refer to specific industries not totals . 
  also i wouldnt cal it a tiny decrease, 
  they have many options available to them ( 27 countries ) they dont need to put up with this from the uk . 
  i think polish economy itself has improved a lot recently anyway ( pls correct if i 'm wrong ) . 
  also since the brexiteers are clearly uninformed of benefits of immigration , this will hopefully illustrate it for them . 
  lol i love sweden . 
  i guess the next step will be for others to protest on the grounds of discrimination against single people . 
  her refusal makes her look more guilty . 
  i hope the potential supporters agree . 
  first minister , not secretary . 
  they never said they 'd fully support an independent scotland - thats not really been discussed yet . 
  sturgeon went to brussels on her own volition for relationship building purposes and nobody has given her any guarantees of anything specifically because they wo n't meddle . 
  i personally think they 'd get in but thats not backed up by anything said by brussels . 
  if any person anywhere has said they 'd get in , thats an opinion not official stance of eu ratified by all member states . 
  i 'm always perplexed by the irrationally angry brexiteers like you - you won so why are you angry ? 
  otherwise i 'm not too interested in furthering this chat as we are disagreeing on facts nothing more, 
   i think you would be very surprised if you paid a visit to scotland . 
  i lived in scotland for 10 years so dont tell me what i do and dont know . 
  obviously the eu is n't a daily topic of conversation to scots like it is on r/europe . 
  its the same everywhere else . 
  you keep trying to twist the conversation - i am talking about scottish independence not eu membership . 
  i 'm sure most are n't massively enthusiastic about it ( even supporters take the eu for granted ) . 
  i 'm not sure thats the case with independence though - which is what i 'm talking about, 
  i wasnt suggesting that scotland is better than those areas . 
  it just seems like it would be the obvious place ( proximity , language , similar reasons as ireland ) and it would suck for scotland if they lost out on that business that is moving because they didnt have their stuff in order by the time the companies start moving, 
  it wasnt my opinion that lead to higher % voting to stay in the eu than the uk , it was the scots, 
  no i 'm calling you one . 
  the eu has never said such a thing . 
  they 've said its a domestic issue which they wo n't get involved in . 
  some did accept to talk to sturgeon on her european visit but it was her making the request , not vice versa . 
  i 'm sure scotland would be able to join , but the eu is n't specifically pushing for it . 
  how can you be so sure ? 
  a higher % voted to stay in the eu than in the uk . 
  you can bash the eu all you want , but it doesnt help because my point was more that i think its good for scotland if they are independent , not that they need to be in eu ( though of course they probably would be if independent but thats not the bigger issue ), 
  the eu ? 
  the eu is n't pushing for this , its scotland . 
  eu has said they wo n't meddle in domestic affairs . 
  i dont think it would be , but i guess its a matter of opinion at this stage . 
  i just meant that if that business was moving anyway it would suck if scotland never got any of it because of timing . 
  stop being a victim , i was pro-scottish independence way before i knew of any brexit referendum happening . 
  i think scotland could become a nordic country . 
  whoops , sorry . 
  i knew it was sensitive question but was genuinely curious .
