  along with obviously the others that have been under his instructions . 
  though i 'm guessing you refer more to foreign relations than internal , which i dont know as much about . 
   cant wait for what drama trump causes with his thats what i thought but i 'm a bit more worried than intrigued now, 
  but they invested in europe and wanted strong europe as trading partner , until trump inauguration ( i guess cos he wants all allies to be weaker than his country ) . 
  do you suggest us has kept europe/eu under their thumb since 1945 , and furthermore , been able to ? 
  true , i misspoke cos i remembered it wrong , russia ( before putins time ) tried to join nato ( not eu ) but got rejected . 
  i guess back then eu wasnt as much of a thing . 
  sorry i misspoke cos i remembered it wrong , russia ( before putins time ) tried to join nato ( not eu ) but got rejected . 
  i guess back then eu wasnt as much of a thing . 
  :( thats a shame , as he 's nevertheless managed to do a lot of damage, 
  russia/putin did want to join eu a long time ago but was rejected . 
  hence the chip on his shoulder . 
  i guess its been brought back to make the brits feel more connected to the countries that they colonised , countries which ended up wanting independence from them . 
  i guess it makes them less lonely after brexit . 
  what makes you assume that the eu military would be anything more than defensive ? 
  true , i meant its a bit of a dick move to try to weaken your partner ( and put an end to a union that affects 450 m peoples lives ) to strengthen your negotiating position . 
  even if the outcome ends up good for us . 
  thats a good explanation . 
  the us did always want a more united and strong europe until trump inauguration though . 
  they even helped and invested in europe post ww2 to build stronger europe and have been on good terms ever since , its better for them also to have strong trading partner . 
  i guess trump wants no strong trading partner , only small ones that can be bullied . 
  also because he has a big ego and has to be the strongest country . 
  i think its more specifically about not wanting to leave eu . . as scotland voted to remain and also nicola sturgeon is fairly vocal about wanting to stay . 
  i disagree with your description of scotland but lets not argue about it . 
  oops , you 're right . 
  i must 've had a fairly optimistic memory of stuff . 
  but the rest did vote remain . 
  wow thanks for the detailed explanation , and to / u/esiq so it seems like people are actually more eurosceptic than i thought but luckily not so likely to be successful . 
  i thought you guys just had a fairly vocal eurosceptic guy wilders . 
  his supporters from the explanation sounds pretty similar to brexit voters :(, 
  yea i really hope so but dont understand the mentality of these types well enough to know, 
  ok thanks - this at least provides some logical * reason * for it , even if shitty for us . 
  no , they try to weaken / dismantle it but may end up having opposite effect for reasons i said in op, 
  how well does it look like he 's doing ? 
  but why are they they doing it ? 
  i think brexit + trump will lead to more eu unity , not less . 
  first brexit made people take eu less for granted , now trump makes people actually scared at the thought of not being a part of a bigger union . 
  a bit surprised to hear ( in video clip ) that steve bannon actually got in touch with marine le pen . 
  it seems now like a deliberate effort to undermine and dismantle eu , instead of just trump talking out of his ass and then being told later to shut up by someone who knows better . 
  i wonder what the motivation is ? 
  to help their new buddies farage to feel less lonely in their brexit vote , or because they are actually that aligned with russia ? 
  edit : unless he contacted her prior to the election win and as part of breitbart as opposed to official us govt policy ? 
  what do you disagree with it ? 
  his opinion is that uk is screwing themselves by leaving eu , and scotland tries to get away from that as they want to stay in . 
  its an opinion, 
  i think jari is more political commentary than suppose to be funny, 
  yes i did know what you were referring to . 
  my point was that she connected the two and that changes the context than if she had said those separately . 
  edit : i probably should 've added more of what she said prior to that part , the context in which it was said was why she thought the uk would be able to reach a good deal with the eu . 
  if you add that as context as well , then it definitely sounds like a threat . 
  i 'm pretty neutral to it , they can choose as they wish, 
  yep , much more capitalist and lower tax than nordics . 
  yea good point so by leaving eu they lose scotland . 
  but i think this version is more accurate because your version assumes that scotland gets another independence referendum while the current uk government is against granting them another one so soon . 
  no they are n't . 
  no - number of votes in elections or referendums are pretty much as quantifiable and objective as it gets . 
  she mentioned both in the same sentence as if they were connected issues when they are n't . 
  it is because the one thing uk actually * has * a bit of leverage in is security as they are strong in this area . 
  connecting trade with willingness to cooperate with security suggests she wo n't do the latter without the former . 
  it 's not my interpretation alone , thats how many politicians and media have interpreted also . 
  already did, 
  not at all , here is copy paste of what she said : on security : `` the third and final reason i believe we can come to the right agreement is that cooperation between britain and the eu is needed not just when it comes to trade but when it comes to our security too . '', 
  on tax haven ( main point in paragraph 3 ) : `` i know there are some voices calling for a punitive deal that punishes britain and discourages other countries from taking the same path . 
  that would be an act of calamitous self-harm for the countries of europe . 
  and it would not be the act of a friend . 
  britain would not -- indeed we could not -- accept such an approach . 
  and while i am confident that this scenario need never arise -- while i am sure a positive agreement can be reached -- i am equally clear that no deal for britain is better than a bad deal for britain . 
  because we would still be able to trade with europe . 
  we would be free to strike trade deals across the world . 
  and we would have the freedom to set the competitive tax rates and embrace the policies that would attract the world 's best companies and biggest investors to britain . 
  and -- if we were excluded from accessing the single market -- we would be free to change the basis of britain 's economic model . '', 
  sorry but its nothing personal . 
  i think main requirement of getting into nordic council is nordic ( social and economic ) model which estonia doesnt have . 
  scotland , even while still being governed by tories are doing more to gain this than estonia . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0rrntfjszu if you skip to 36:55 thats where she threatens to turn uk into tax haven . 
  earlier in the speech she also said ( im paraphrasing ) that `` if we get a good deal then we are willing to cooperate on security matters '' which basically means if you dont give us x , we wo n't give you y. 
  even swiss foreign minister has come out with statement after that speech , that they would not join uk in an anti-eu alliance . 
  i watched it on youtube, 
  one of the major arguments of the remain side in the independence referendum was that scotland leaving the uk would mean they are out of the eu . 
  so at least the politicians thought eu membership was an important topic in scotland . 
  no , all i did was provide solid evidence why people should be able to reasonably assume scotland is pro-eu . 
  its true people sometimes tactically vote but its not a one off but a pattern . 
  me too !, 
  welcome !, 
  sorry little brother estonia . . 
  people `` overestimate '' because every constituency in scotland voted remain , and because the elected party in power in scotland is pro-eu , including the first minister , who has been vocal about wanting to stay in eu . 
  even if you dont agree with sturgeon personally , the voting pattern suggests most do . 
   in finnish history lessons do they just stick on braveheart and let the kids crack on ? 
  it 's funny you chose the education system as an area to insult finland since finnish education system is one of the best in the world . 
  i think people just sympathise with scots as i ( and i 'm sure many others ) wouldnt want to jeopardize their eu membership and its being done to the scots through no fault of their own . 
  especially as theresa may recently had that particularly negative speech towards eu , threatening end of security cooperation and turning into tax haven . 
  i think people are pretty surprised she started with such significant threats when no negotiations have even started . 
  that is * really * untrue . 
  that video you posted , if real , is warning kids to not post hate speech because in some cases , like in many locations around the world , certain kind of hate speech / online bullying is criminal offence . 
  it has nothing to do with criticizing the government specifically and i 'm sure you are aware of that but trying to twist things . 
  criticising government is as common in finland as many other countries . 
  i know , we have it so bad . 
  the article doesnt suggest replacing eu with nordic union . 
  the headline is a bit misleading , it only suggests closer cooperation between nordics within the eu, 
  google translate ?
