  exactly . 
  its like getting rid of your citizenship and expecting to maintain the benefits of that citizenship anyway . . sounds familiar to what theresa may has been suggesting is possible, 
  yea and selling kidneys and stuff too :(, 
  this is so infuriating, 
  i dont know why finland would get involved , surely estonia being a nato country they have plenty of help and the minimal additional help ( in relation to nato ) that finland can provide doesnt warrant hostile relations with russia ( and where that would lead ) . 
  seems like sweden who is also non-nato seems like the more obvious partner , though i do feel bitter that sweden refused to help finland when under attack from russia so i could see why estonia would expect help from finland . 
  i dont think the eu ( if you mean by eu its officials ) is particularly hostile towards brexit ( though obviously not a fan ) . 
  its a simple fact that the uk can not have a deal post-brexit that is better than what member states get , thats what happens when you quit your membership as opposed to it being `` punishment '' i think why people on for example r/europe are unhappy/take it personally , its because a major reason for brexit was to reduce immigration from eu countries , with ( untrue ) reasons given such as eu nationals `` stealing '' jobs while simultaneously refusing to work in the uk and living on benefits and/or they are all criminals - seems more like being defensive to hostile chat coming from the uk . 
  furthermore , its not really the case that uk just wants to leave and let eu carry on as is , many brexiteers have said they hope for destruction of the eu and its countries altogether - also seems pretty hostile from the uk . 
  i was also a bit nervous about knock on effect but seems the brexit has brought more unity than less , so i guess we have brexit to thank for that . 
  calling it a truce is very kind given its all 1 sided, 
  are you sure the first one is in tampere ? 
  looks a lot like 1 in vantaa, 
  not surprised, 
  thats the point !, 
  we have to have it better , if only marginally :d, 
  we got ours announced on the 5th of april so last month too . 
  i guess we are probably competing here by a few days . 
  :0 i 'm guessing yours was given 6th april, 
  reminds me of this : ` never miss the weather forecast ... except when it 's finland 's turn ' https://imgur.com/gallery/zzopyog/, 
  there are too many reasons to list as to why i dont like nigel farage but one incident where he really illustrated who he is is when he laughed when guy verhofstadt was saying in a speech basically ( im paraphrasing ) `` we already had the populism in europe and see how many lives it cost us ( ww2 ) and we have people like farage here trying to get that populist stuff back and is helping the likes of trump in his similar agenda '' what really struck me is that farage * laughed * because he was so smug and proud of the mention of his association with trump despite the context being ww2 . 
  i dont like him because of his distaste for eu but his self importance , arrogance , and general disregard for the lives of people who dont look like him or are n't like him is even worse . 
  they 've never said they would punish the uk . 
  its the uk politicians and media that have said that not letting the uk keep benefits of eu membership while getting rid of the obligations as `` punishment '' when its pretty obvious to everyone else that that cant happen and is just a fact of leaving the club they themselves chose to leave . 
  its hardly `` punishment '' that they wont get a deal better than member states . 
  thats not really true . 
  its been entirely the uk side , with prominent uk politicians running a campaign about why the eu sucks and they should leave . 
  meanwhile the eu response has been nothing more than `` damn , we dont want you to go '' . 
  even when triggering article 50 tusk just said `` we miss you already '' . 
  there has n't been much negativity at all from eu side , just that they wont negotiate till after article 50 and just basically said what the rules of the treaties are that they will follow . 
  i think the eu side has been pretty matter of fact about stuff , while the uk side has been really negative , including suggesting war with spain . 
  i still remember a time when only someone like nigel farage would outright bitch about the eu and its officials and not be particularly professional about it , now it seems like this kind of attitude and level of professionalism ( or lack there of ) has spread to even the seemingly normal ones . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  finland is n't planning to turn into a hermit kingdom anytime soon . 
  exactly - basically he talks in theory which sounds good but in practice it may not work and he doesnt necessarily even really provide how it should work in practice . 
  i 'm sure taking breaks during work is a requirement also, 
  spain * never * mentioned war or taking away territory . 
  the eu just said spain has a veto on arrangements regarding gibraltar as it affects them ( as does ireland with regard to the border with ni ) . 
  nobody except the uk suggested war . 
  i guess transparency is undemocratic or something . 
  you mean once they rejoin ? 
  yea its really annoying that nobody in europe can scratch their ass without the uk thinking its about them . 
  i certainly wouldnt want to be cutting off ties with the eu and trying to replace it with closer ties with the us , particularly under the drumpf . 
  but thats just me . 
  there was official statistics !, 
  it 's such a shame people are so quick to justify or explain away racist abuse , including murder, 
  yea its like the uk thinking they may keep eu regulators like european medicines agency in the uk post brexit . 
  there seems to be a severe lack of understanding if they believe they have a say in it or that there is any justification for keeping it in london, 
   many of those who voted to leave the eu did n't want animosity or unfriendliness with the eu thats pretty hard to believe , given the huge spike in hate crime against eu nationals after the vote , media * and * politicians accusing eu nationals of simultaneously stealing jobs from brits and refusing to work and living off benefits , openly stating these brexiteers want the eu and its countries to collapse , suggesting companies should be `` named and shamed '' for hiring foreign workers , suggesting war with spain etc etc. 
  does not sound particularly friendly * at all * . 
  i dont think the eu response is particularly unfriendly , just repeating that these are the rules of the treaties and they must be followed . 
  frankly given the kind of stuff coming from uk politicians i 'm surprised eu politicians have remained so calm and not lowered themselves to that level, 
  i do believe that the uk is the * only * country in europe so far to have voted for their populist agenda so a bit ironic to make such accusations . 
  finland is the quiet kid that sits at the back , so people dont know they are actually one of the smartest kids in the class . 
  that would be my guess , but maybe a bit arrogant to say the last bit about my own country . 
  i would 've said the uk is the one who doesnt study and is failing and doesnt care because they are so sure they 'll become a movie star and wont need the good grades anyway . 
  that was your entire argument for why you dont think europe should become 1 country , now you are saying it would never happen . 
  what ? 
  the eu is not in the business of banning languages , cultures or foods . 
  dont be ridiculous . 
  none of these things have to change . 
  i hope for your sake you are just a troll . 
  i know - he 's suggesting the uk continue to maintain the benefits of eu membership but not dealing with the obligations . 
  the uk ( and probably everyone else ) would like to do that too , because why would anyone take on obligations and costs if they can keep the benefits anyway ? 
  it 's just that its not an option available to the uk or anyone else . 
  so basically you suggest the uk maintain all benefits of eu membership while not having to put up with any of the obligations . 
  not gon na happen . 
  merkel has had to state this obvious fact a number of times now and yet people still dont get it . 
  they may use public services such as nhs but as they are usually young and working age and thus pay more tax than their share of use of such public services . 
  the stats say eu migrants are net contributors to the system at least any finns i know in uk , all moved back to finland when they had kids so not taking up school places . 
  i 'm sure foreign kids exist in schools but again , on average , are net contributors . 
  no immigrant has the power or authority to dictate wages , if wages are an issue thats for the uk government to fix, 
  so , you are suggesting the uk has the same model used by eu member states ? 
  exactly - such threats are absurd . 
  in economic terms , people are a burden at the start and end of their life but make up for it during their working age - everyone should want people at that stage in their country !, 
  again a threat that hurts themselves more than the other guy . 
  its not only that , they also would not go against the good friday agreement . 
  exactly - its about preparing for a united ireland * if * they want it , as per good friday agreement , as opposed to insisting upon it against the wishes of ni . 
  its also inconceivable that anyone would suggest the priority of eu is to keep the uk happy as opposed to their member states . 
  i dont think it comes as a surprise . 
  the eu doesnt really interfere with internal affairs like this and certainly wouldnt try to get in the way of the wishes of the people of northern ireland should they wish to join ireland . 
  it 's not a separate entity trying to join that needs to meet membership criteria or anything , ireland already meets it, 
  i recognized all the other flags but whats up with the english one ? 
  thats not an english flag at all - its different than depicted , with the cross in the middle . 
  nothing like the nordics at all . 
  ah yea true , i 'm an idiot . 
  i guess thats one way to get in :d, 
  700,000 seems like a low number to me , given that many articles say over 1 m for germany alone ? 
  i guess it may be over 1m for germany but over a period of a few years as opposed to just 2016 . 
  insert the typical comments here : pro-eu people : thats what you get with brexit . 
  brexiteers : no , db would never have the balls to leave cos theresa may/the uk is the ruler of the universe , its a bullshit article . 
  i 'd go with the first one . 
  haha , thanks spain !, 
  i guess we are just us but with the addition of being the overlords of the baltics, 
  this is some really stupid attempt to make the eu look bad . 
  these rates have nothing to do with their eu membership . 
  no issue whatsover . 
  other countries futures being determined by others though , thats another thing . 
  sure is . 
  let me quote you again :  scotland is 8 % of the population , i 'd say 92 % is an overwhelming majority .
