  it 's truly bizarre how people like amber rudd speak about overseas ( non-eu ) students who usually pay very hefty tuition fees ( therefore tending to be rich , and spending lots of money ) then to leave after . 
  maybe i 'm missing something but i 'd think those would be the type of immigrant you 'd most want to attract to your country , but she talks about them ( along with all other immigrants ) like they are sewer rats . 
  i 'm glad the irish at least can gain something from this . 
  i think actual elections / referendums are a more accurate predictor . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the only country that should be red is the uk , nobody else voted against eu, 
  is this a joke ? 
  these are all pretty well known places, 
  this comes to mind : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c_tlsbjw0aad0de.jpg, 
  they are n't `` ready '' because they still think eu doesnt mean all the stuff they 've repeatedly said over the last year and will give them everything they want . 
  hope reality starts sinking in soon, 
  you said 10million / year . 
  that is not happening in the uk , so stop making such claims to back your xenophobic arguments, 
  that 's a huge exaggeration regarding the immigration numbers of uk . 
  finland population is 5 million so you are suggesting twice the existing population in immigration in one year . 
  with uk population at ~ 65 m , you are suggesting uk net immigration is 130m a year which is total bullshit , quick google search tells me in 2016 for uk it 's 248k !, 
  the equivalent for finland would be 19k , which is fine do n't even bother commenting if you are gon na make outrageous claims like uk net annual immigration is 130million or even 10 million, 
  why are you so upset and angry about immigrants coming to your country and contributing to society and paying taxes ? 
  ok maybe they are worth more in terms of tax they pay , my point was more that unskilled immigrants also contribute and are a benefit to the country so its a case of uk shooting themselves in foot with their attitude, 
  its truly bizarre that the uk think the eu needs them more than vice versa and they would be fine with no deal . 
  its true that eu will lose some trade with uk ( though no individual eu country is as affected as uk , except unfortunately ireland may come a close 2nd ) but thats pretty much it - uk loses every eu institution they are in , `` frictionless '' trade with eu and all the fta 's they currently have . 
  yep - the most educated/skilled eu citizens ( and even uk citizens ) that i know have already left the country with job offers in eu ( myself included ) . 
  the lower skilled ones who have it harder to find a job will probably also leave but may take a bit longer . 
  not that i think skilled immigrant is `` worth more '' than lower skilled as each is needed , its just the uk govt that keeps going on about it, 
  seriously ? 
  your argument is basically that we deserved to get attacked because we wanted independence ( from both russia and sweden ) ? 
  agree but i think i read somewhere that post-brexit guardian articles are attracting quite a lot of commentary from brexiteers specifically because they disagree with it . 
  there are pro-eu comments as well, 
  wow reading the comments on the article gave me cancer . 
  it 's bizarre how all these brexiteers talk about the `` big bad eu '' as if the uk wasnt a major part of it themselves over the last 40 years . 
   i 'm glad that we managed to keep finland away from soviet hands oh please . 
  i think you are giving sweden far * far * too much credit in the winter war , they were never even officially involved despite the pleading of finland . 
  yep , that seems to be the case, 
  i guess we lose 1 member , gain another ? 
  i 'm cool with that !, 
  lol and so much for the uk re-establishing ties with the `` commonwealth '', 
  i never realised the common adder ( vipera berus ) which we call kyyk\u00e4\u00e4rme was so widespread across europe and not just finland ( not that its massively common , dont think i 've ever seen one ) guess we are n't the special snowflake i thought we were . 
  i thought the point of brexit was to get foreigners to flee the uk - they dont seem to make any distinction between skilled or unskilled , or professionals in areas where they are skill shortages . 
  i recommend the nordics, 
  same here - i left last year as well . 
  i think the `` highly skilled '' workers are able to find work in eu much easier , so they are more likely to leave and more quickly . 
  luckily i 'm finnish so not worried about my ability to stay !, 
  thats a kind explanation of it ( to the dutch ) . 
  it was a dutch comedian who joked about how finland * always * beats netherlands in these league tables , even if by only 1 point . 
  thats the source of the rivalry, 
  you mean the e-cigarette ? 
  totally - its a new thing since 2011 ( or sometime after ) as far as i 'm concerned ? 
  and increasing in popularity ? 
  is it over elsewhere , and why ? 
  how are you `` last '' ? 
  ( older population ? ), 
  and i 'm assuming you comparing to other baltic states instead of the rest of europe , as there are countries on both sides of you in these categories ? 
  assuming he 's been kept locked in a room with not much access to media over the last 6 years , i wonder what news / developments in the world will be most surprising to him ? 
  crimea ? 
  vaping now being a thing ? 
  it 's been a long time . 
  i saw this in the finnish news , a lot of the comments said it was disgraceful to `` make fun of '' poor people in this way . 
  i dont think its the case though , its for a good cause ( helping the poor ) and any kind of marketing needs to be eye-catching to be effective . 
  people need to chill . 
  it was pretty pro-brexit about a year ago , maybe not so much these days . 
  pro-brexit posts were upvoted and pro-eu posts downvoted to death . 
  nothing new here . 
  they are allowed to stay if the conditions of x , y and z and others are met , such as reciprocal agreement etc. 
  even better !, 
  lol though i was only quoting my personal experience, 
  i dont know why they are there , but perhaps the same reason you are on r/europe ? 
  lots of brexiteers joined r/europe since brexit , maybe same reason why left wing types join r/ukpolitics, 
  `` hey !, 
  i 'm irish ! '', 
  `` really , where in ireland are you from ? '', 
  `` i dont know '' ... 
  how do you know the number of subscribers of r/europe by nationality ? 
  r/europe , though not explicitly , is fairly pro-eu , and more irish ( as a % ) than brits are pro-eu . 
  i guess those missing brits spend their time on r/ukpolitics which is pro-brexit ( or at least was , till reality sunk in ), 
  yea especially given the last 6 months of trump , i 'm surprised people are still so trusting . 
  fair enough - i assumed it was an official vote leave ad but i guess anyone could 've made such a video, 
  i dont know if many countries do but from my experience i 've always had to put up with roaming fees till now . 
  i dont think anyone ( particularly not eu politicians ) claim brexit is anyway neutral for eu . 
  they have repeatedly said its bad for all , including eu , which is why they keep saying it sucks . 
  the only thing is that it wont be * as * bad for eu as uk . 
  maybe a small thing but i would 've included lack of roaming fees also . 
  peace on the continent is good too . 
  still , it was a `` vote leave '' ad , so fair to presume its a brexiteer thing , even if the company hired to make seems to be american for the reasons you suggested . 
  this is a `` vote leave '' ad , so was definitely prior to the vote , before they got what they wanted as you say . 
  it says so at the end, 
  well its working . 
  i appreciate eu more in the last year than ever before . 
  well said . 
  with her attempt to race to the bottom already 2 years in advance , there will be nothing further to offer once shit hits the fan after brexit, 
  the scary bit is the type of propaganda coming from the uk brexiteers , not further eu integration . 
  the winning side is finland , so . . 
  yep . 
  if she ca n't help because that 's the right thing to do , you 'd think she 'd at least do it for the sake of good pr, 
  true but that never means that everyone gets exactly what they want - all benefits of eu membership cos some want it , none of the liabilities cos some do n't want those . 
  that 's not how it works, 
  has n't theresa may faced enough criticism recently to at least think helping these people may be a good idea ?!, 
  sounds like a dictatorship when people can behave this way ( and i guess seems now also breaking international agreements like gfa ) and expect to maintain power, 
  i can understand the importance of keeping rights of eu citizens in the uk who moved to uk in good faith and are at risk of losing right to stay through no fault of their own , but i dont understand why uk citizens who voted out of eu should keep eu citizen rights ? 
  thats precisely what they voted for !, 
  aww . . cute !, 
  i guess we are friends with sweden .
