  i could n't see anyone who had a direct swap like us . 
  what can happen if they go against gfa ? 
  i dont mean the ( fairly obvious ) problems that may arise in ni , but surely there will be consequences for may and the tories if they just blatantly start disregarding stuff like gfa ? 
  i 'm a bit confused about the dup deal . 
  doesnt good friday agreement mean the uk government has to be impartial on the internal politics of northern ireland , and a deal with dup is basically the opposite of impartiality ? 
  how can they proceed ? 
  is it just the pesky task for the tories of adding a few new buzzwords like `` beacon of impartiality '' to their rhetoric or can they get into trouble for this ? 
  i think he means r/europe not europe . 
  i think there was an article posted about icelandic president dissing pineapple pizza and it was big news on r/europe , if i remember correctly . . nobody likes pineapple pizza, 
  exactly . 
  its bad enough to sign up to a course where you have no guarantee the cost is # 9k a year instead of # 40k a year , but also no guarantee whether you will legally be able to stay in the country to finish that expensive degree . 
  it has happened to non-eu students : https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/feb/28/deportation-student-halted-hours-board-plane, 
  but who is the person who says `` yea i agree , lets scrap our human rights , we dont want them !! '', 
  i know this is n't an issue that lead people to vote tory , but may seemed fairly vocal on these views so obviously didnt expect it to affect her popularity . 
  how so ? 
  it was never legally binding , like an opinion poll . 
  the government doesnt implement everything they see in opinion polls, 
  i never understood why theresa may was so against human rights legislation , or why she felt so comfortable being vocal about her views . 
  i 'm not quite sure what her problem with is it ( is it that it obstructs some immigration policy she likes ? ), 
  but i dont think it sounds good to the average voter who ( like me ) is n't really sure what she 's on about, 
  i think everyone knew this except theresa may . 
  brexit won with a very small majority of the vote and was never legally binding . 
  though they 've now triggered the process , the eu has made it clear they would rather the uk stay so if they decided to back out now i doubt anyone would have an issue with it . 
  and too many buzzwords with no substance . 
  `` brexit means brexit '' `` best trading relationship '' `` strong and stable '' is she ever actually going to say how any of this is gon na happen ? 
  wow tough break for uk . 
  then again , their demands are what is causing the delay, 
  the uk put themselves in the position where the eu basically gets to decide everything . 
  if eu want to delay by a year ( or refuse altogether ) , they can . 
  if may wanted to conclude things quicker , she could drop her demand to discuss trade and divorce at the same time . 
  i dont know if this is a favour to uk or making things difficult . 
  it wasnt clear to me whether the year long delay means talks are concluded in 3 years , or if the timeline is kept and they 've basically lost a year . 
  its cute you put the effort to use the finnish name of the country . 
  we would usually use `` suomi '' ( finland ) instead of suomen tasavalta ( republic of finland ), 
  these days , nobody can be sure its not for real . 
  ok , that i didnt know . 
  my bad, 
  yea i suspect eu wouldnt just kick them out without a deal under the circumstances . 
  if they were negotiating the whole time and being difficult and unwilling to agree anything , then potentially yes , but not for the reason of this all being such a mess . 
  yea they seem to not decide what their position is . 
  are they strong and more important than eu so we must succumb to their demands , or are they the victim that needs to be shown pity ? 
  well the uk triggered the process already so i guess they must be super confident in their ability to conclude a fantastic deal asap if they feel able to delay . 
  the clock is still ticking , regardless of what kind of a mess the uk is in, 
  i 'm sure its pronounced bouquet, 
  yet some voters seem to be cool with this . 
  they did still get the most votes , just not a majority . 
  it 's bizarre, 
  yea , thats why i 'd normally figure out what to do before proceeding :d, 
  yea they never fail to surprise me, 
  lol . 
  i never expected `` no deal '' to happen due to nobody getting around to negotiate . 
  seems more likely now, 
  hopefully enough of those who have vote, 
  i disagree, 
  but why would the brits vote for her anyway , its bizarre, 
  you think ? 
  i thought corbyn has been clear he doesnt want to stop brexit , though he doesnt want a really hard brexit like may wants, 
  in the eyes of eu-supporters . 
  i dont expect brexiteers / british to care to do so though , given they chose to leave, 
  in spite of what theresa may claims , the eu doesnt really care how strong a mandate she or anyone else has . 
  it 's still a fact that the eu will now look out for their own interests as opposed to the those of the uk , regardless of how unanimously the population has voted . 
  maybe if there was labour government instead of tory , the brexit wont be quite as disastrous but i dont think the brexit will be cancelled either way so in my personal opinion the uk is unable to redeem themselves either way, 
  jolla is by former nokia employees . 
  i almost got one when it first came out but you could n't use whatsapp on it at the time , but that was quite a few years go so would imagine it works on it now, 
  yea and probably on the likes of r/ukpolitics being used as proof that brexit is a huge success, 
  yea seems kinda like a click bait headline trying to make juncker/eu look bad - as if he 's ruling with an iron fist when it 's really just a basic premise of eu, 
  it looks to me like its a short , weekly , radio show in latin , with the latin text written alongside the clip for anyone whose latin is n't good enough to follow by listening alone . 
  within a finnish speaking website . 
  i thought from the title you meant the finns political party , which would 've seemed pretty ironic, 
  its also annoying cos it sounds like bullshit too , because they say `` i didnt vote for brexit but . . '' followed by all the brexiteer logic and arguments . 
  i 'm surprised more estonians are going to russia than finland ? 
  thanks a lot , friends !, 
  did he ? 
  i only heard of him say his mom is scottish , didnt know about the german/swedish bit . 
  no problem - i probably exaggerate a bit on the social model of the uk so may not be case of absolutely no social security at all , but it would significantly diminish if the government receives a lot less tax money to fund these things, 
  thanks !, 
  yea i thought he did look drunk , just shows how shocked he must 've been, 
  i dont think anyone knows for certain . 
  theresa may herself has suggested a tax haven type status in a no-deal scenario to attract investment , which probably means no more nhs , no social security , ( more like the us where you have no free healthcare , no unemployment benefits etc ) i dont think anyone can say what it would mean for brits in the eu and eu nationals living in britain , it would depend on what those individual country decide . 
  if no deal is struck , i guess millions become illegals overnight , but the uk for example could say that all existing eu citizens can stay and eu countries may say the same and then this wouldnt happen . 
  imported goods would become more expensive , because the pound would probably weaken significantly ( this has already happened to an extent and imports have been affected ) . 
  i guess the uk would try to work on wto terms and some tariffs would apply to imports and exports so things would be more expensive in that regard as well, 
  well he 's said a lot of negative stuff about germany in particular , the trade surplus , the eu supposedly being a new soviet union lead by germany . 
  i guess he just prefers to deal with weak , individual nations instead of 1 strong eu , as they then are more inclined to become his or russia 's lapdogs . 
  as germany is a large country within the eu , i guess they are the easier target to blame for the strength of the eu, 
  ok , thanks for the translation !, 
  true , i think in finland actually people drink more beer than vodka/snapsit, 
  yay , we beat the netherlands . 
  right , guys ? 
  i 'm no economist , but turning your country into a hermit kingdom generally is n't good for the economy and trade, 
  what is that painting, 
  what did it say ? 
  it was in french, 
  who cares how good they are now , if they aim to weaken future efforts on climate change . 
  its like saying some country was good at x for the last 100 years so they are free to fuck things up for the next 100, 
  why do persut like him so much ( as the article suggests ) ? 
  now this is the kind of president that ` tell it like it is ' that i approve of, 
  this seems like the most modern of the ones that have been posted, 
  the us would first need to believe climate change is not just `` fake news '' . . 
  like alex salmond said , its a special relationship because only 1 side is aware of it,
