  maybe some vana tallinn for next year 's celebration ? 
  thats what we chose as official drink for our 100 year celebration http://finlandtoday.fi/alko-selects-estonian-vana-tallinn-as-the-official-liqueur-for-finlands-centenary/, 
  ok thanks for the explanation and sorry for the sensitive question but genuinely didnt know . 
  ok , thanks , makes sense !, 
  i hope for scotland 's sake they exit and rejoin eu before the brexit is complete . 
  they would be an obvious place for some of the business leaving the uk for dublin , paris , frankfurt etc, 
  i hope i dont offend you , but i wonder why they refer to 1918 as the year they became independent as opposed to 1991 . 
  was the soviet occupation somehow different and therefore doesnt count as much ? 
  also , congrats !, 
  yea i 've corrected myself below - its not a loan word in finnish , its a finnicised english word and is n't in the finnish dictionary like it is english dictionary, 
  i 'm no expert but i doubt it . 
  i think its different because i would imagine northern ireland would get absorbed into the existing eu country that 's been deemed to meet criteria for membership whereas scotland would be a new country , with a new central bank and whatever else is assessed for membership . 
  thats why i dont think the same logic applies but that doesnt mean that the eu 27 couldnt decide to make concessions for scotland for other reasons, 
  neither would i. 
  oh i didnt mean it to be hostile - was a legit not rhetorical question, 
  do you actually speak finnish or why are you telling me that i 'm wrong ? 
  it 's not . 
  it 's probably not even slang , its just finnicised version of the english or swedish word . 
  yea i mean slang word not loan word - simppeli is for example not in finnish dictionary while enkel is in scandinavian dictionary, 
  but the word is still an english word , as in its in the dictionary . 
  maybe the term i 'm looking for instead of loan word is slang word . 
  what do i know , but it seems like a given that they would retain eu status . 
  it 's just adding an extra piece to an existing member . 
  it 's not like the uk will be able to veto it anymore in a few years . 
  its a loan word , not a finnish word, 
  thats a loan word though, 
  fair enough - we know what those brother nations are because we have those pesky swedes as ours, 
  there 's a reason countries having closer trading relations with other countries that are closer geographically, 
  true but they realise the economies of these two are insignificant in comparison to i.e. 
  eu and us . 
  true - also robert mugabe has a lot of experience and must be doing something right since he 's been in power so long . 
  the rates are per 100,000 inhabitants so comparable despite difference in population . 
  i think the response is appropriate because trump bitches about how bad things are in sweden when they are n't , particularly in relation to the us . 
  3 % say none of those on the list . 
  who then i wonder, 
  but we like to hear how badly the brexit is going and is easy way to get karma . 
  i guess the brexit is making * a * country great again but didnt specify which one on the ballot . 
  the assumption was then that article 50 would be immediately triggered - we still dont know how much the markets like it when it happens, 
  sorry i edited question - yea i wasnt sure exactly what it include but thought turku may be part of it, 
  is svenksfinland just ahvenanmaa ? 
  i 'd be impressed , * if * this was after the uk cut themselves off from their biggest trading partner . 
  this growth is due to consumer spending in uk so says something about optimism not whats the come, 
  haha - i love iceland . 
  thanks for making a joke / a point about the current state of affairs in the world and actually get some kind of `` uproar '' about it . 
  shows how good things are in certain places and how good things could be elsewhere . 
  edit : i am surprised also whenever i go to iceland that they feel some affinity with the finns , like the outsider and also they think their language sounds like ours ( though obviously is more like other nordics but they say it sounds more like us than the others ) . 
  are they just trying to be nice to a tourist like me or is there some truth to this , from internet strangers ? 
  even the brexit white paper said that ` the uk has always been sovereign , even if it doesnt * feel * like it sometimes '' so he really should stop with the independence day chat because even his own govt is admitting it now . 
  it has n't ? 
  is n't the election coming up already in april ? 
  i know there is the risk of a silent majority like brexit and trump but i would 've thought ( like op said ) that trump has put them off from voting for the nationalist/populist agenda so hoping this applies elsewhere . 
  well france is the worser one as its a bigger country but i 'm hopeful . 
  i thought she had to repay the failing russian bank that had been funding her so i didnt think she could fund her campaign so well anymore . 
  also i thought because of the type of election they had in france ( two rounds ) she wouldnt be likely to win . 
  but any french people that see this comment it would be good to get your opinion, 
  yea of course it would be voluntary - its not like nl would be annexed into it . 
  i dont further integration necessarily means a european state . 
  that is the extreme outcome . 
  you can still have things like military cooperation without becoming 1 state . 
  excellent !, 
  i guess pretty much the only thing good coming out of brexit and trump is people finally starting to appreciate the eu and stop taking it for granted . 
  myself included , as i 've always been pro-eu but never enthusiastically so until the brexit . 
  finland  netherlands . 
  nothing further to see here . 
  sorry but i googled this topic and it appears to be incorrect , that he is n't stepping down . 
  why ? 
  are you so anti-juncker or so pro-katainen ? 
  i think mel gibson 's ego is too big to play the buffoon . 
  it seems like pretty much everyone ( pence , mccain , mattis etc ) is doing damage control . 
  hopefully trump gets the hint eventually from watching fox and friends, 
  the thing is , the brexiteers would never associate these problems on the brexit . 
  either they wo n't make the connection at all or if specifically informed , they wouldnt accept it and say brussels took it away and now they need to hurry even faster to leave, 
  no they wo n't play , they will just cheer for us in the audience !, 
  and all of the things you listed , but also that they made a youtube video for us to makes us feel special !, 
  i dont think sweden ever made a video `` what do the finns need to know about sweden ? '', 
  who does mel gibson play ? 
  aww , sweet !, 
  thanks portugal for your help . 
  you can be our best buddy , replacing sweden . 
  if you refer to the countries uk colonised in the past and subsequently invited them to move there later ( in the 50s !, 
  ) , its been long enough that it could n't affect test scores ( if it supposedly does ) , in the context you describe i.e. 
  immigrants . 
  finland has a more socialist system where all education is funded as opposed to having bad or school areas , like op mentions where schooling is hit or miss . 
  edit : we dont have the most strict immigration system - we do fully accept our eu nationals wanting to move to finland and also take our responsibility of humanitarian aid in the refugee crisis seriously - neither of which the uk seems to want to do, 
  no - these scores are not strongly correlated with immigration rates . 
  i think you 'd be better received at r/the _ donald . 
  the uk is moving more towards an american style type of government , as opposed to the more `` socialist '' in finland where you get good education no matter where you live . 
  that is the reason . 
  not immigrants . 
  of course if something should happen to baltics subsequently then it would be an international situation but until then its not . 
  the potential situation itself is n't global , only what you fear may come of it . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  belarus potentially burning bridges with russia is actually almost more surprising than brexit or trump , though perhaps less important to world politics . 
  no , probably more so in other countries to be honest . 
  finns are usually pretty quiet in public so an american tourist loudly talking about how ( insert slightly condescending adjective here ) something is , its more noticeable . 
  i feel like estonia right now , neglected and forgotten . 
  there is also sweden-finland . 
  what is happening !, 
  i only came here to tease you for your losing score . 
  brexit , trump , now this .
