  and then the mexicans invented something they call a ladder . . 
  they sent troops because of their nato commitments , not eu . 
  and you are sure that the uk is willing to go beyond nato requirements to support eastern europe because ? 
  i think you 're making shit up , because i 've never heard this . 
  of course finland is n't in nato , they dont want to have any participation in the illegal wars the uk likes to participate in . 
  neutral country . 
  it doesnt quite work that way , sorry . 
  you may try to negotiate military help vs tariff free trade . 
  but those are two separate institutions that you seem to be trying to negotiate with . 
  unless you are prepared to leave nato . 
  also are you actually someone high up in government or how can you make these claims about negotiation tactics ? 
  edit : obviously my comment regarding the op being high up in govt was sarcastic , as he actually wasnt sure if i was seriously questioning him . . 
  ok fair assumption, 
  i think you are overlapping nato and eu responsibilities here . . though i know you were not against it , uk is willing to provide baltics help because of nato participation not eu . . right ? 
  good answer ( though i dont think anyone expects uk to join euro ) but are you from new zealand ? 
  not that there 's anything wrong with it, 
  guess he never took anything seriously / was just seeking power regardless of consequence , because he did actually look quite fearful when he made the speech after the referendum . 
  then again , he quickly recovered and has been a bit of a dick ever since also a relevant quote about rupert murdoch : i once asked rupert murdoch why he was so opposed to the european union . 
  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . 
  i dont know how successful it is . 
  i thought its more for tourists than locals , but my friends are n't that much into golf anyway . 
  i thought people would 've welcomed the additional tourism but its definitely not worth it , apparently . 
  trump missed a fatal flaw to his plan : taxi drivers . 
  i 'm assuming most people would take a cab to balmedie where the golf course is , and they love to talk !, 
  they are nice so maybe would hesitate to bitch about the place they are transporting people to , but they would mention all the troubles trump has caused aberdeen i 'm sure . 
  they also know absolutely everything . 
  obviously nobody will hop back on a plane but maybe rethink a return trip . 
  i like your optimism but was he ever pro-eu ? 
  i thought after uni he had worked in belgium for a paper and wrote all kinds of bullshit about the eu ( i mean literally false articles that were anti-eu ) that were really popular in the uk, 
  robert gordon university ( a uni in aberdeen ) revoked an honorary degree they had given him . 
  some mp 's in the uk were also trying to get trump banned from the uk also . 
  this was obviously before he got elected , but after he made all those racist remarks . 
  i dont think they should start seizing property but they are making their views known . 
  wow . 
  everyone i know in aberdeen really hates trump and his golf course but i didnt know it was this bad . 
  interesting . 
  it is still for me . 
  he is not saying they are n't the same . 
  he 's saying he thinks the uk will accept 4 freedoms and single market , but they have to play out this charade first that they wo n't for the public . 
  i hope you 're right, 
  agree . 
  i dont know if i 've ever even walked into an iceland ( the store !, 
  not the country which i very much like ) but looks super cheap and crap, 
  true we ca n't know but thats because the uk is n't being clear about their objectives , the eu is . 
  lol, 
  true its the opinion of the pm of malta , but many other eu politicians have said the same . 
  the eu has been clear that there is no flexibility on a pillar of the eu , which is the 4 freedoms , so i think that already tells the uk what they need to know in terms of the type of deal they are aiming for . 
  this article is behind paywall . . 
  exactly . 
  they have n't said they will compromise on freedom of movement , it was misinterpreted . 
  only on benefits , which was something cameron had already managed to negotiate , an emergency break . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/16/is-angela-merkel-willing-to-compromise-on-free-movement-eu nobody knows what the final deal looks like only because the uk has said they want all benefits and no responsibilities which they know they wo n't get , so nobody knows which way they will choose . 
  the eu has been clear that there will be no rule bending or cherry picking , and have n't sent any mixed signals . 
  i dont think it will be a negotiation at all , it will be `` here are the rules of maintaining access to eu market , do you want to follow them or not '' . 
  david cameron already had negotiated that successfully with the eu , the emergency break on benefits for migrants . 
  britain wo n't get the same deal as the rest of the eu if they are out of the eu , only worse . 
  i have confidence in the eu being firm on keeping one of the pillars of the eu , the 4 freedoms, 
  like i said , they should n't have been given permission to trademark it . 
  they could be more forthcoming with what their plan is , even if they only proceed with it next year . 
  they keep saying they ca n't let anyone ( including parliament ) know their plans, 
  they arent allowed to start planning and negotiating exit till the article 50 is invoked . 
  the eu are however able to state that there wo n't be any rule-bending or cherry picking . 
  who ? 
  this is getting so embarrassing for the uk . 
  they think everyones posturing and `` keeping their negotiation strategy close to their chest '' when in reality the eu has been pretty clear and straightforward . 
  fair enough , the eu wasnt as flexible as the uk has expected , but now that that has become clear they should just try to get on with it instead of playing these silly , one-sided games, 
  thats the republic of iceland btw that you translated , but still iceland obviously is the english name for the country . 
  i 'm sure you wouldnt care if a french company called themselves angleterre , but you would mind if that company called themselves england and sued everyone in the uk who tried to incorporate that word into their business name . 
  sure , its the french version you mention but still its obvious that iceland would want to use their english version of the name , since nobody really uses the icelandic version except 330,000 people in the world, 
  the countries you speak of make up the eu , so they are the eu . . 
  your argument basically says scotland , england , wales and northern ireland have nothing to do with the united kingdom . 
  nordics are all in eea or eu , and also nordic council, 
  because there is a specific country already doing this , so would make sense to mention it . 
  the grocery chain never should 've been allowed to trademark the name of a country !, 
  glad the icelandic govt is doing something about it, 
  thats what i mean . . 
  yes i 'm aware of it , just thought it would 've made sense to see how it works for finland who are trialling it and then trial it in scotland once the results are known . 
  and yes i am aware of scottish government being nothing like the tories , and i 'm all for it . 
  my comment referred more about british media than scotland, 
  tell that to the government , who are appealing parliament getting a vote on it !, 
  the appeal probably delays things more than just letting parliament vote . 
  who cares about the legal semantics , she says that everyone has jumped on the bandwagon of invoking article 50 but its not necessary . 
  sure in theory its not necessary but skipping that leads to no deal with eu . . they could also declare war on the rest of the world , but thats not in anyones interest either . 
  well finland is already trialling it so unsure why they want to jump on the bandwagon before seeing how it works elsewhere . 
  no surprise a british paper fails to mention that other countries exist in the world and may be way ahead of them . 
  yes . 
  ok so they 'd only be ignoring parliament , thats already ridiculous ok i guess they could just leave but that would lead to no deal with the eu , which is also ridiculous . 
  they 'd overnight have zero trade relations with any country in the world . 
  do you really think this is a good course of action ? 
  so the government ca n't invoke article 50 without approval from parliament so they should just become a banana republic and ignore the treaties they 've signed up to and parliament ? 
  thats ridiculous . 
  if they want no negotiation and no deal with the eu , thats the way to go about it . 
  thats not how he meant it . . 
  its a thread about pro-brexit protest , to protest the ruling of high court over article 50 . . so your own brexiteers ( incl farage ) are a bit more worried than yourself, 
  the majority of the countries in europe are eu countries though so chances are most of the british trolling the eu will be trolling most people on r/europe, 
  but they have less reason to be angry/fearful of remain voters now they managed to win , so less reason to complain about that . 
  they do troll on r/europe though , saying the eu will collapse because the uk is too important to it that they ca n't go on without the uk / the uk will get to cherry pick because they are the most important part of the eu / hatred towards eastern europe etc i personally have seen an increase but that could just be my perception, 
  true , he 'd get a chance but he would n't necessarily last long in that role . 
  i dont know which is better .
