   trip to the moon only 900 $ in that case i 'm all for a european superstate !, 
   come again ? 
  are you suggesting that africa would be stable had it not been for the americans ? 
  no , i 'm suggesting there would be less refugees coming to europe and that africa would be more or less the same as always . 
  africa were unstable before you arrived and they are unstable with you there , so if the situation is not getting any better why would you still be there ? 
  maybe other interests than peace and democracy , like minerals and oil/gas ? 
   a better comparison would be destroying drug plantations . 
  i was actually going to say that but could n't think of the word :'d either way , none of those would fix the problem . 
  slow it down , sure , but nothing more . 
   would you prefer that the us not take out these camps ? 
  i would prefer us to take out those camps without the side effects that follows today . 
   that 's entirely up to europe . 
  of course , we could close our borders entirely and i would argue that 's what we should do . 
  our globalist leaders however have other plans . 
  regardless of eu policies , refugees would not come in such high numbers had no one blown their homes and cities up ...  i strongly disagree . 
  if china and the us were to nuke each to oblivion europe would be at leash of russia and the middle east due to it 's massive energy imports . 
  europe has no way to secure vital strategic resources it needs . 
  if that happened most life on earth would be gone rather quickly so it would not matter how well prepared europe or anyone else was . 
  and what would stop europe from stealing the middle east 's resources if we needed to , like us are doing today , have done for the past decades and want to do in [ north korea ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/north-korea-is-thought-to-be-sitting-on-6-trillion-worth-of-rare-earth-metals-2012-8?r=us&amp;ir=t&amp;ir=t ) once they 've tricked crazy kim into giving up his nuclear weapons ? 
   the only excuse for being incapable of ensuring one 's own survival is that being self interested and taking advantage of your partners in bad faith allows for spending else where . 
  if anyone is being taken advantage of , or played , it 's europe , and it 's been like that since ww2 . 
  the positions would be swapped had n't it been for us assisinating any world leader who prefer ( oops , preferred before they were murdered ) the $ over the $ and russian gas lines over us gas lines , on the grounds that they are dictators and that their `` regime '' is horrible to it 's people . 
  gas/oil is the reason us is all over the mena region , not wanting peace and democracy ... 
  admitting that would n't look too good obviously , and so the freedom and democracy slogan was invented . 
   bases in africa are key in the fight against terrorism and assisting in the stability of african allies in theory yes absolutely , but how well is this fight going ? 
   an unstable africa would led to a larger migrant and extremist crisis in europe . 
  it would have been close to non-existant had n't us destabilized countries there for decades ... ? 
  how many times now have we seen the effects of us interference in xx amount of countries ? 
   finding and destroying such camps is crucial to the fight against terror . 
  that 's like saying that imprisoning drug users will remove drugs from the streets . 
  it 's like a drop in the ocean , if even that . 
  a certain ideology is what needs to be destroyed , not some camp in the african wilderness . 
  it 's a good thought , though ... ...  and it make 's merkel 's protests rather hypocritical and shallow . 
  i very much agree . 
  she is a joke , but most other countries are not and have not [ spent billions ] ( https://fas.org/irp/budget/ ) on their intelligence agencies so they can [ spy globally ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-24627187 ) . 
  edit to answer your edit :  but that still would account for more than 2 % gdp spending and 100 's of bn 's more than total european defense spending that is because european countries do n't have yearly expenses anywhere near what you have . 
  nor do we have a military culture , a focus on military power or anything like you . 
  there would be riots all across america if the budget was cut in half , if that happened most places in europe it would at best call for an aggressive letter to the government by some random dude . 
  [ europe has the economy to spend more than us ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/charts-eu-economy-is-bigger-than-the-us-2015-6?r=us&amp;ir=t&amp;ir=t ) , it just do n't have a reason to . 
  only on the operations itself or bases as well ? 
  anyways , if that 's true then fair enough . 
   furthermore how does having bases in foreign nations which you pledged to protect not count as defensive spending ? 
  how do you imagine the us aiding europe in a defensive war without bases ? 
  by sending troops here , like how we 'd send troops there if another country tried to invade them ? 
  what are bases in south america , africa , australia etc doing to protect nato members ? 
  what african nation would possibly attempt to invade a nato member ? 
  claiming these bases as defensive is absurd . 
  a bit unrelated , but i do n't think it 's unfair to question these bases after it 's been confirmed multiple times how embassys and/or bases of us in other countries have been used to spy , even in germany . 
  to be honest i do n't mind us spending less than 2 % . 
  per capita we 're the 6th biggest spenders worldwide and the biggest in europe . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditure_per_capita ) . 
  why should we spend more when we do n't have an army big enough to use whatever new toys we 'd buy , just because we have more money ? 
  until we decide to go `` drones only '' in our military i 'm perfectly fine with spending less than 2 % , as long as we spend a respectable amount per capita . 
  imagine if you had to pay more for a chocolate at the store just because you have more money in your bank account . 
  i would only support an increase in our spending if it went towards the development of * unmanned * defence systems . 
  in response to anyone saying us carries nato , i just wan na say that nato is a * defensive * alliance , so counting what you spend on military bases and offensive operations in the middle east is more or less cheating to look better . 
   that mr. trump and the allies were unable to agree on a common approach toward russia was also worrisome . 
  moscow has become increasingly aggressive as mr. putin annexed crimea , waged war in eastern ukraine , meddled in the american and european elections and intervened militarily in syria . 
  xd so america can intervene militarily in syria but russia ca n't . 
  wake me up when this is over, 
  nordic model is best model, 
   proposals come soon after the government won the right to collect everyone 's browsing history hey everyone who did n't `` give a shit '' about that , do you realise now that accepting one thing leads to other more dangerous things ? 
  well it does , but it would n't if the population just used their brain to think for themselves, 
  an election does not become less democratic just because a country 's population are n't able to read anything other than mainstream media and it 's many lies , but whatever makes you feel better . 
   while 22 per cent said they wanted the government to ignore june 's election result . 
  22 percent only wants democracy when they have their way basically . 
  he 's spot on except he said the only ones who stand up are actual racists who do n't care if they 're labeled a racist . 
  there are , in fact , those of us who just do n't take offence to being called names too, 
  our freedom of speech is slowly dying to the globalist agenda . 
  soon europe shall fight back . 
  it 's not americans , it 's the people who run america and they want it because a united europe would be far stronger and more influential than america is atm . 
  well things do n't happen over night do they ? 
  hopefully we succeed this time . 
   which is both completely retarded because fist it wont work and second it will fuck your economy . 
  because msm says so or because it * actually * is retarded ? 
  oh , so a non-euro country ca n't have a good economy ? 
  lol look north bud, 
  you 're wrong . 
  globalization and trade between countries are not the same . 
  free trade does not equal globalism . 
  if you add in a few more globalist ideas , sure , but free trade alone is absolutely not globalism . 
  well , voting for the same globalists year after year * certainly * wo n't change it ... 
  free trade and globalism are two separate things , but i suppose you saw an opening for some easy karma . 
  whatever makes you sleep at night buddy, 
  some good old trolling never hurt nobody , ey ? 
  oh , right , i forgot * it does * hurt the leftists because they know deep down that it is not always just some crazy conspiracy . 
  no but for real , even well written posts are downvoted if it 's not praising the globalist agenda . 
  yup . 
  say anything negative about the eu , refugees or macron and you 'll be slaughtered 9 times out of 10 . 
  `` reportedly '' `` we believe '' `` an anonymous source claims '' etc. . . 
  i 'm starting to get tired of this . 
  if russia really did all they 're accused of , why is it we ca n't see proof of at least one of the things they 've reportedly done ? 
  hmmm ... 
  yes you can , but some airlines and hotels have their own guidelines for people under 18 so you should contact the ones you will be using . 
  = 854\u00a0840\u00a0588\u00a0258 ,55 eur let 's get it to a trillion $ lads !, 
  no more trucks please, 
  im in loooove with a fairytaaale, 
  sweden pls :(, 
  switzerland . 
  i buy food every other to every third day .
