  most days i just walk to the closest store to me , some days i get it driven to my home for a 5 $ fee . 
  a number of pistols at a firing range and a rifle while hunting, 
  because left wingers feel they have moral superiority and the media keeps repeating how bad right wingers are whilst sugar coating anything left wingers do . 
  well so far the consequences in terms of human lifes lost etc. 
  of the ukrainian war is nothing compared to us wars all over mena ... 
  you must not have tasted norwegian milk . 
  mmm . 
   do you actually feel your country is better , or just `` different '' ? 
  if so , why ? 
  we are better than most places as a result of our wealth , but our wealth is not because we are better . 
  we were/are lucky to have a lot of oil on our territory in a time with high oil demand . 
  unstable people should not be around guns , is what i think . 
  i can differentiate between irish , scottish , english , am . 
  english and aus . 
  english easily . 
  nz and canadian are too similar to am . 
  and aus . 
  english for me to tell any difference . 
   what would you like your country 's relationship with the united states to be like ? 
  personally i 'd prefer for norway to have a neutral-friendly ( not enemies , not allies ) relationship with trade deals but no military agreements . 
  a key lock that i use every night because i 've watched too many horror movies . 
  i 've never experienced being treated differently by those of my friends that lean left because i hold a different political view . 
  i think in real life most people value a good friendship over being right or winning an argument , whilst online ( except for on facebook i guess ) you do n't have that friendship that could potentially be lost if a discussion gets too heated . 
  i can think of another country who have done similar to point 3 on multiple occasions , but `` they 're our allies so it 's all good , let 's not talk sbout that heh '' . 
  point 1 : western journalists does though because it makes them money , and the media are far more influential to the people than an average politician . 
  soviet saved us from the nazis , but whatever makes you lot feel better . 
  like one attack by a non-muslim makes his argument invalid . 
  the fucking northerners ca n't put together a fucking sentence without adding at least three fucking swear words . 
  they are irrelevant and should be as no one voted for them . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  if you believe usa promotes freedom and equality you 're easily fooled . 
  i was taught british english and that 's how i speak and for the most part how i write . 
  no one really cares , but i do get some compliments for having a nice british accent so that 's a bonus i guess . 
  sounds better as well imo . 
  i thought i did once , but it turned out it was danish ... 
  say i was right about the globalists all along !, 
  i support their decision to not accept refugees , yes . 
  i think it 's a very fundamental part of being a sovereign country to be allowed to make such a decision regardless of what others think . 
  however , if by doing so they are breaking an eu agreement they should of course face some sort of consequence . 
  sanctions would only worsen the relationship though , and judging by the below quote it is already bad so perhaps it 's better to end it before poland starts using their veto power to cause drama within the eu . 
   poland will start obstructing european union business and `` play a rough game '' in brussels after the bloc angered warsaw by reappointing donald tusk as head of the european council , the foreign minister said . 
  sanctions are stupid . 
  if they violate eu agreements they should be kicked out . 
  but that would weaken the globalist dream , so that wo n't happen . 
  very basics : school basics : habbo ( lol ) , listening to music fluent : movies , video games , forums, 
  i do n't think the eu would allow it anytime soon and i do n't think russians would want it the way eu is today . 
  i 'm against it for the simple reason that it should be the child 's decision rather than the parents , whether or not it 's a religious circumcision , and as such it should not be allowed before the child has turned 16 or 18 imo . 
  they would get a much larger refugee : native population just because they have more money . 
  i personally do n't want to become a minority in my own country , and i think such an idea would speed up that process drastically . 
   every refugee in eu would de distributed according to a professional , independent evaluation of all member-states economies . 
  so you want to fuck rich countries with a low population ? 
  that 's simply not true . 
  russia , of course . 
  all of their resources + our knowledge on how to use it must equal profit , right ? 
  catalonia . 
  i got liberalism . 
  [ numbers here ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/22a22fea45a6b5f5dc7e024f9f36d8d3.png ) i do n't really know what all of these names mean , so if anyone could eli5 that would be appreciated . 
  it 's perfectly fine imo . 
  i have never seen a stray dog anywhere in oslo or norway . 
  i see a lot of cats out and about , but it 's hard to tell if they have no owner or are just allowed to wander around as they please . 
  canada , russia new zealand or japan . 
  would say australia but spiders and snakes ... 
  it 's alright , a bit cringey but alright . 
  i think we could have done much better . 
  luckily i do n't hear it more than once a year on our constitution day . 
  i just listened to yours , and now i finally understand where the warmonger culture comes from :p, 
  this sub in a nutshell . 
  you wo n't get many good answers here unfortunately, 
   rushing around trying to visit as many places as possible, 
  i met my girlfriend that way . 
  is that good enough ? 
   i have never been out of the us we could tell by the title , btw, 
  200 $ for an hour . . according to google . 
  i agree with that !, 
  however , conservative christianity or judaism is n't as relevant ( does n't get as much media attention ) today and therefore many might not know enough about them to really have an opinion about it . 
   what makes you think they are not racist ? 
  i 've not heard them talk negatively about someones skin colour or seen them treat someone of another race different than they treat me , so i have no reason to . 
  whenever we have discussed a topic where race could come up they ( for the most part ) use fair arguments and rarely even mention race . 
  and i guess i 'll add the typical `` many of them have coloured friends '' . 
   ( not to imply that they are actually racist - i 'm genuinely curious about why you would n't classify them as such , especially considering how often far right ideology and racism are linked to one another ) they are often linked to each other but it 's not always justified imo . 
  one can , for example , want closed borders without being a racist . 
  one can , for example , dislike/disagree with the culture a certain group of immigrants come from and brings with them to your country without being a racist . 
  many would maybe argue that the above are racist opinions , but by definition it is n't and i think it 's important to differentiate between , for example , an islamophobe and a racist . 
  edit : let me just add that many probably are racists and generally complete scums , but that goes for any extremists whether left or right and i 'm only speaking for the ones that i know, 
  far right people ? 
  many . 
  racists ? 
  none . 
  i consume 0,5 liters of milk per day . 
   you saying that people wear `` too much make up '' and that it 's `` time for less make up '' i think you need to read through the comments again lady , because that was not me saying that . 
  insecure and dumb , the very definition of a modern feminist . 
  have a good life : *, 
  yes , why tf else would you be offended by my comment ? 
  i 'm free to feel however i want about women putting on kilos of makeup even as a guy , believe it or not . 
  you must be a feminist . 
  like yours . 
  i just answered ops questions mate . 
  i must 've hit a nerve of yours in some other thread or something i guess . 
  :') edit : oh you 're a girl , haha . 
  stop being so fucking insecure and let people have different opinions .
