many of you are from europe originally so how is this a big deal ? 
  they do n't know any better over there, 
  oh yes . 
  that goes for friends and family too really, 
  we have to log in with a national system we use for logging in to our banks etc online , both to look people up and see who has looked you up . 
  yeah same thing here . 
  if anyone look me up i can see who did it , but i do n't like the system at all . 
  us prisons are n't really that attractive to live in mate . 
  i like our prison system . 
  the only downside is that people from poor countries come here and commit crimes with the intention of ending up behind bars because our prison cells are of higher standard than any apartment they could ever afford in their home country . 
  for them , coming here to be a criminal is a win-win situation more or less . 
   why is n't norway in the eu ? 
  because the majority of us do n't want to ?? 
  mother norway, 
  so what 's your argument for why this will happen in europe ? 
  i do n't think it will , because we 're not cowboys running around with guns . 
  most people here understand english close to fluently , specially teens and young adults . 
  some speak it very well , but most ca n't get rid of their `` norwegian-english '' so a lot of us sound really stupid when speaking english , even our prime minister . 
  who the fuck are we to decide who gets to live and who does n't ? 
  build fences to keep your sheep safe and everyone 's happy . 
  absolutely disgusting smh . 
  this is very common , yes . 
  i 'm not sure why they do it , but i 'd imagine it is to save electricity . 
  not at all . 
  would n't that put taxi drivers out of business ? 
  as taken out of a horror movie, 
  savage af lmao for real though he makes a lot of good points . 
  banning religious/cultural clothing would never wash in the us , huh ? 
  funny how up until a couple months ago you did exactly that . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/amp/amp.timeinc.net/time/4625313/us-army-uniform-sikh-turbans-hijab/%3fsource%3ddam ), 
  because females are dumber and weaker = easier to catch, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  not islamify , but destabilize . 
  read the link below and i 'm sure you will agree that the us have , literally , billions ( or trillions ) of reasons to destabilize just about every other country ( currency ) in the world . 
  omg this had me crying for a good 3-4 minutes, 
  if anyone is that easily offended they really should not be on reddit . 
  yep . 
  although i do n't necessarily support the eu , i support european interests and believe we have to give them a definitive ` no , not happening ' answer . 
  15 % vat on food, 
  2 liter bottles for $ 2,20 and you 're complaining ? 
  can barely get a 0,5 liter here for that price !, 
  what surprises me the most is that at one point 59 % of germans trusted usa, 
  wel , the people got him into office so clearly a lot of you are on his side . 
  his approval rating may be low because people are scared to publicly support him , just like during the election . 
  mother norway, 
  the thing most people ca n't seem to realise is that their spending is so high because they 're constantly at war whilst other countries are n't . 
   pizza eaters can confirm, 
   child snatchers lmao accurate af, 
  rather the odd terrorist attack than daily cowboy shootouts . 
  the world economy does n't change much in a year , lol . 
  show some numbers rather than spewing out nonsense claims mate . 
  [ sure . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/charts-eu-economy-is-bigger-than-the-us-2015-6?r=us&amp;ir=t&amp;ir=t ), 
  europe 's economy is bigger than the us economy , so we do n't have to spend as huge of a percentage of our gdp to spend the same amount of money . 
  we are outspending russia by far anyways , so why spend even more ? 
  it 's no secret that the us spend so much of its gdp because they are in war 24/7 ( read : bullying weaker countries to show the world how ` strong ' they are ) . 
  one attack from the far right and still , to a lot of people , they seem to be the main problem !, 
  nice cherry picking . 
  `` it 's mostly bullshit right now '' `` we do n't have any big giant proof '' sounds like a confession to me . 
  should have thought about that before the gaddafi assasination , 
   $ 17 billion euros so which one is it ? 
  of course , as well as the currency of other big countries around the world . 
  i only know/care about the exchange rates of $ , $ and # though . 
  last week i saw an american on here thinking $ is a special c. . . :'d, 
  if macron is a man of his word this is good news . 
  you mean european union :(, 
  here we go again , the leftists calling this and that a regime . 
  that must be the year we discovered oil . 
  '69 i think . 
  yeah as a joke . 
  very few are seriously sceptical about them they way they are against russia . 
  and before someone says it , no i do n't think you should n't be sceptical about russia . 
  i answered someone starting to mention the election hacking btw , not the op . 
  i 'm not saying it justifies it , i just find it funny how they react when someone hits back at them . 
  quite funny how no one looks at the us as a bit shady too , considering they 're the only country in the 21st century to surpass germany in deaths caused ( military deaths of course ) . 
  if anyone is trying to steer the discussion away it would be the ones downvoting and ignoring other peoples views , no ? 
  do you know that the us have interfered in 81 since ww2 and the russians only 36 ? 
  without counting assasinations of dictators one do n't like that is . 
  usa interfered in the russian '96 election , most probably do n't even know this . 
  edit : downvotes already , lol . 
  here 's a source . 
  they have one of the best immigration policies in europe . 
  you make it seem like putin and/or russia is the only problem . 
  we should also look at ourselves . 
  has he willingly steered russia far from europe or has he been forced to do so by endless sanctions ? 
  no wonder icelandic girls are so easy . 
  it was n't an accident though, 
  am i not allowed to find this funny because a small minority might feel offended over something someone said in a sarcastic tone ? 
  well this goes for every big city . 
  a little bit awareness goes a long way ... 
  absolutely none of it because it does not help stop terrorism and it will be used against us in the future . 
  there 's also the chance of hackers stealing all the stored info . 
  in norway our private health information ca n't even be kept hidden from the indians who maintain the servers because we 're so dumb to outsource important things like this without limiting their access , so i do not trust our government to store any private information . 
  can confirm, 
  saying that would n't get upvotes on this sub though :'), 
  there are other more serious threats to their border atm ... 
  you should read some non-american history books buddy . 
  good way to kill your tourism industry, 
  europe do n't have the capability to gun down some clowns with aks ? 
  ok . too much propaganda for you .
