  come to new york city or geneva , or toronto ( where i live ) and multiculturalism is really `` multi '' - and there are so many groups that it 's impossible to get by without getting along . 
  that 's not to say there are n't conflicts of course , but the conflicts remain local to a small neighbourhood or individuals - the important thing is that they do n't boil over into national issues . 
  when you have just a couple of groups ( protestants catholics , muslims jews , blacks whites , muslims europeans , etc etc ) then everything is in the context of us vs them . 
  you necessarily belong to one group or another . 
  when there are 200 groups - if a couple of the other groups are at each other 's necks , the remaining 198 groups keep them in check - that 's how/why true diversity works . 
  edit - it 's also unfair to `` push '' diversity on any country . 
  the cities i mentioned were built on immigration and foreigners - so everybody is `` from somewhere else '' and share that common experience - that 's very different from europe where specific groups have lived on the land for 100s/1000s of years and have established cultures . 
  how is forcing `` diversity '' on those groups ok - but it 's disgusting to `` pollute '' the untouched tribes in brazil or africa ? 
  is this a real question ? 
  just in case you are n't trolling : turkey is one of the most important squares on the syrian refugee chess board at the moment . 
  one of the only feasible solutions to dealing with the sheer numbers that can actually be implemented at the moment is to get turkey to keep refugees in turkey preventing them from moving west and to reaccept refugees who are being / would be shipped back to turkey from europe . 
  that 's a huge thing for europe/germany to ask of a country - thus , turkey has bargaining power . 
  but having one of the countries that is asking you for political favours shit on you by publicly declaring something that your country/government has strongly opposed on the international stage for close to 100 years ( that is , referring to those events as genocide - in other words accusing your country of committing war crimes ) gives erdogan even more leverage . 
  what has changed ? 
  information proliferation has changed . 
  in those wars you mention - just 3 decades ago - there was no internet , there was no `` instant news '' . 
  isolated people were actually isolated . 
  today - isolated groups people can see how the other side actually lives - they 're no longer actually isolated . 
  whether the other side are citizens of another country or another class ( you can refer to the arab spring here , and the occupy movement just as examples ) . 
  it makes people far more proactive . 
  also , in this particular case , cultural barriers were also far stronger 30 years ago - any refugee from iran/iraq , would have known that they would be going to a place where they are true outsiders . 
  today , on the other hand , we 've past a critical mass in the destination countries where there are already large communities from the home countries so it 's far easier to swallow the idea of leaving - since you 'll be among similar people on the other side . 
  30 years ago - refugees from those awful conflicts you mentioned just wanted to be safe - they would never have imagined that they could leave their country . 
  the west/europe seemed a universe away . 
  now , the west/europe are on their news , on tv , in movies , newspapers , etc 24/7 . 
  it 's far more familiar and accessible . 
  it 's just another example of cultural elitism in the west that we are all blaming each other for this - what did this or that western leader / power do to cause this - as though it goes without saying that world events must have been caused by the west . 
  if you think about it , it 's utterly absurd to claim that any european caused the `` refugee crisis '' . 
  they 're coming because merkel let them ? 
  they 're coming because the eu parliament is soft on the borders ? 
  these factors certainly may have exacerbated the problem , but do n't cause it - the refugees/economic migrants started their move to europe before any of this happened . 
  what 's extra ironic is that the arguments of the critics who blame certain europeans for this are based on the very fact that negates the possibility that europeans had anything to do with it - basically , the criticism is that europe was n't fast enough to react - or that it reacted / is reacting incorrectly . 
  by definition , you can only `` react '' to something that happened before that reaction . 
  you ca n't cause something by reacting to it . 
  yes you can tell just by looking at them . 
  those were polish gypsies . 
  very different . 
  next week , the `` bite the hand that feeds you '' festival . 
  this is outrageous !!!, 
  a a real socialist government would insist on using `` parent 1 '' , and `` parent a '' . 
  im canadian and my high school ( though we call them secondary school and i was there 20 years ago ) , was very much like what you see in american movies . 
  there were some differences of course - the people didnt all look like movie stars ; the drama sets/costumes were never as professional as the ones in the plays that movie highsachool 's put on ( and frankly the acting usually sucked in our school plays ) , but generally speaking - when i was in highschool and i watched a highschool movie , i never thought to myself - `` hey that 's totally unrealistic '' . 
  there were the same cliques that were easily identifyable by their dress and outside hangout places ; the kids were generally white and upper middle class , but there was enough diversity that there were more than just `` the one '' black , indian , chinese , or korean kid , and eveerybody was vey tolerant - none of the groups hated each other and everybody got along . 
  our sports , visual arts , science , and music programs were very well supported : financially , by caring teachers , and by enthusiastic students . 
  we had the obligatory student who died in an accident , we had one pregnancy , and we won our city 's football championship . 
  man , my highschool was totally awesome now that i think about it . 
  `` it seems like '' . 
  false alarm . 
  dude , the people who care about this stuff are retards to start with . 
  try telling nationalists who are already convinced that theres a leftwing european jewish conspiracy that its just nothing . 
  sure its unnafiliated , but the `` fact '' that jews are literally sitting in the eu parliament isnt fuel on the fire , its a nuclear `` i told you so '' bomb ( see my other comment in this thread ) . 
  as one of the few sane and western educated hungarians who is an anti-nationalist libertarian ( which in hungary apparently means : crazy foreign puppet liberal socialist ) this is horrible news for me - and brutal for eu pr in eastern europe . 
  i 'm totally flabergasted that the eu parliament allowed this - especially in the face of such overt and growing euroscepticism in a number of failing countries where nationalism is growing and blame/hate for eu is resuling ( fairly or unfairly ) . 
  wtf europe !?!?!? 
  this completely undermines my efforts to argue against the increasingly popular view that hungary is a victim of the european / jewish `` conspiracy '' . 
  not withstanding , there is no place for such overtly religious `` governance '' congregations in the halls of the official parliament . 
  this is total bullshit just as a similar christian , muslim , atheist , or any other such meeting would be . 
  look forward to more neo-nazi retard uprisings from eastern europe . 
  this is going to make hungary ( and a number of other backwards eastern countries , i assume ) even more fucked up . 
  this is like the ground zero mosque times a million for the retarded people in my country . 
  i am really afraid of how nationalists will rally around this here . 
  i can already see the endless stream of `` see ? 
  see ? 
  we told you so '' rhetoric . 
  med schools have lower standards ( almost none ) for admission , but have the same eu standards for graduation as any other country . 
  this is particularly true when it comes to foreign students . 
  at one of the four medical schools here , there is a two tiered system - basically the hungarian state system which is free for hungarians ( subsidised by the gov ) who meet their highschool requirements , and unsubsidised for those who didnt get enough points for admission . 
  these students can still be accepted , but must pay tuition . 
  on the foreign side , basically anybody is accepted ( its a pay program , with tuition at about 12000 us a year and these studends dont count for national stats of keaving doctors , since they all return to their native country ) in the six year program , more than 600 students start 1st year ( 1200 total ) , and about 100 or fewer graduate from each side . 
  for the hungarians , the philosophy is that especially with a shortage of docs , having high admission standards would result in fewer potenial grads , and if they arent good enough to graduate , they wont hurt anybody anyway ( aside - also , close to one third who graduate go on to be research scientists and not physicians ) . 
  on the english prgram side , its really just a disgusting cash grab . 
  with promises of medical education , the admit a load of students who have no business being at a med school , and fail them after taking a few years of tuition money from them . 
  those who do end do end up graduating , however , are among the best educated medical graduates - in theory . 
  by `` in theory '' , i literally mean that they know all the medical textbook stuff . 
  in practice , they are horrible . 
  because of the low salary of docors , in clinics , the most senior doctors insist on seeing all the patients , because - as the article pointed out - there is a longstanding practice of gratuity money or `` h\u00e1lap\u00e9nz '' . 
  this is euphamised as a tip , but has been known to serve as graft in many cases , where docs demand an envelope even before seeing a patient . 
  so students - and even residents - rarely get a chance to handle their own cases , because the senior docs do all the work ( which they find boring and tedious , but do for the `` tips '' , which easily double or triple their salaries ) . 
  this leaves the medical students to watch if they are lucky ( senior donts dont really like it when theres an audience for the tip giving ) , study from their books , or just hang around doing nothing . 
  i go out of my way to point out to my classmates ( im doing a phd at medschool here ) that whenever hospital situations are depicted on tv or films from nirth america , all the students and residents are doing `` all the work '' , and not the senior doctor , like here in hungary . 
  im always amazed that this is a revelation to them . 
  so they are just forced to study and watch . 
  they end up with amazing book smarts ( those who actually manage to graduate from hungary are consistently among the highest scorers on board exams from other countries ) , but have close to zero practical experience . 
  so what would you do in a hungarian medical grad 's shoes ? 
  you can stay in hungary and work 60 to 80 hours a week as a glorified assistant to a senior doctor for 100000 forints a month ( about 500 dollars ) , or you can move to anywhere in the eu without limitation ( except language issues ) and actually work as a doctor for at least 5 or 6 times that salary ( more if you work overtime ) as a starting resident . 
  the article doesnt even point out that doubling a salary to 1000 dollars a month is still crap pay compared to the jobs the leaving doc get outside hungary . 
  unfortunately , europeans are extremely prejuduced . 
  oh - youre german ? 
  then i know everything about you ? 
  or french ? 
  or italian ? 
  all italians are this . 
  or all greeks are that . 
  so even if you manage to engage them , it wont make a difference about what they think of americans . 
  if you surprise them , they might even tell you that youre not a typical american . 
  as a canadian , i am both offended by and proud of the advice above . 
  we dont really want amurkans posing and spoiling our reputation , but at the same time , it is heartwarming how we 're treated . 
  ive been living in hungary for six years ( hungarian parents - dual citizen ) and i travel around the neighbouring countries relatively frequently . 
  im always amused by the 180 people pull when they find out im canadian . 
  `` oh sorry - i thought you were american from your accent '' .
