  personally , i 'm very liberal , but hate socialism . 
  the problem in america seems to be a widespread lack of understanding of political philosophy . 
  i suppse it 's how you get people calling obama a communist-fascist-liberal . 
  except that it 's obviously not . 
  we 're talking about crime-ridden neighbourhoods here . 
  not ` the roma ' . 
  this is an obviously ridiculous statement . 
  this is a false equivalence . 
  the problem with the roma is cultural , not ethnic . 
  this is a community of thieves , beggars , and people who feel they are above the law . 
  they just happen to be of the same ethnic group . 
  a much better example would be southern inbred patriotic uneducated rednecks . 
  nobody would claim that all people alabama need walls built around them - but i sure wouldnt want to live next to a redneck trailerpark settlement . 
  how can you say they are not `` these professionals '' ? 
  these are traveling petty thieves from eastern europe . 
  they ca n't be anything other than roma . 
  that 's not a racist statement - only a highlight that this particular type of crime is exclusively theirs . 
  that is not to say that all roma are criminals . 
  i was merely pointing out that it 's a glaring omission . 
  it 's as though there was an article about migrant workers in north america with no mention of mexicans , or an article about the illegal diamond trade with no mention of african warlords . 
  obviously , not all mexicans are migrant workers and not all africans are warlords . 
  this article reeks of an author with no balls to call a spade a spade . 
  not one mention of the roma in this article . 
  2:191 and slay them wherever ye find them , and drive them out of the places whence they drove you out , for persecution is worse than slaughter . 
  and fight not with them at the inviolable place of worship until they first attack you there , but if they attack you ( there ) then slay them . 
  such is the reward of disbelievers . 
  2:193 and fight them until persecution is no more , and religion is for allah . 
  2:216 warfare is ordained for you , though it is hateful unto you ; but it may happen that ye hate a thing which is good for you , and it may happen that ye love a thing which is bad for you . 
  allah knoweth , ye know not . 
  2:244 fight in the way of allah , and know that allah is hearer , knower . 
  5:33 the only reward of those who make war upon allah and his messenger and strive after corruption in the land will be that they will be killed or crucified , or have their hands and feet on alternate sides cut off , or will be expelled out of the land . 
  such will be their degradation in the world , and in the hereafter theirs will be an awful doom . 
  source ( s ) : quran, 
   `` what they 've done in london is for their own reasons but there 's no reasoning behind it from an islamic point of view . '', 
  well , you know , other than the fact that the quran says infidels who do n't convert should be killed . 
  edit : woah . . easy there gentlemen . 
  i was simply pointing out that the quote is flawed . 
  where did i state that i am anti-muslim ? 
  my best friend is muslim . 
  yes - i kmw there are similar passages in the christian bible too . 
  so what ? 
  i 'm just saying that there is reasoning behind the islamic violence from an islamic point of view . 
  just as there is reasoning behind irish catholic bombings and violence . 
  that is not to say i agree with it , or feel that all muslims should therefore be punished . 
  i was just pointing out that defending all of islam with that statement is disengenous , and the first step should be for members of any community to accept that extremists in that community - as extremists in that community . 
  have you been to hungary ? 
  we are a country of grumpy complainers . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being unhappy with how things are - especially since they are as bad as they are - but a particularly hungarian attribute is that no hardships are hungary 's fault . 
  everything bad is a direct result of outsiders . 
  we would go a long way to accept responsibility sometimes . 
  the romans , the turks , the austrians , the allies in 1919 , the americans who screwed us in ' 56 , the soviets , and now ` the europeans ' . 
  hungary 's hardships are all due to them . 
  well , this one time ( and then another time , and another time , and another time ) , we were occupied by another country , and it - by which i mean anything and everything - is a direct legacy to having a history of being screwed . 
  except it is eastern europe . 
  otherwise youre left with russia and ukraine being the onlu eastern european countries, 
  how is this surprising ? 
  people in the east are generally much poorer . 
  in hungary , the minimum wage is around 400 dollars a month . 
  the gap from abject roma poverty to 400 bucks a month is quite small compared to the same abject roma poverty and a much higher western standard of living . 
  how about starting with your premise . 
  i 'm of hungarian descent - i lived in hungary for close to ten years , but i was born and raised in canada , and i 'm back here living again . 
  there are many things i love about europe , and i do n't mean to talk down about it ( should i prepare for an avalanche of downvotes ? ), 
  but i can tell you that canada does not share most european values , and certainly does n't share european culture . 
  yes , we still have strong ties to the british monarchy obviously , and the country was founded mainly by the french and [ scots ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_canadian ) ( not so much the english , as is a common misconception ) , and yes , as a multicultural community , our country has the greatest cultural diversity in the world - which obviously includes all european nations . 
  but , generally speaking , we are not bigoted and prejudiced the way europeans are ( i truly mean that in the softest possible way - i 'm just stating fact ) . 
  in europe , you are defined by your nationality . 
  oh - you 're german ? 
  you 're like this - i do n't need to know anything else about you . 
  you 're french ? 
  you 're like this - i do n't need to know anything else about you . 
  they belgians are all like this - the eastern europeans are all like that ( the more west in europe you go , people ca n't even tell the difference between eastern european states - hungary ? 
  meh - it 's the same as poland right ? ) . 
  what uniting values are you talking about ? 
  that we have socialized medicine ? 
  whoopdi do . 
  so does almost every other country in the world , with the high-profile exception of the us . 
  that does n't make us european . 
  canada is an independent , resource-rich ( with the world 's second or third highest oil reserves in the world after venezuala and saudi arabia depending on how you calculate it - and we 're not part of opec , so we can produce as much as we want . 
  we have the world 's biggest fresh water reserve if you include ice , we have the world 's largest lumber reserves , and on and on with minerals and fisheries , etc etc. ), 
  why on earth would we join the eu ?!?!?!, 
  iceland , norway , switzerland , lichtenstein , monaco ... 
  these are all rich countries that would be retarded to join the eu too . 
  they get all the benefits with none of the headaches . 
  that is the direction canada is goig . 
  we are aggressively pursuing [ free-trade with eu ] ( http://www.international.gc.ca/media_commerce/comm/news-communiques/2012/09/12a.aspx?view=d ) so we can profit even more from our resources , and not be burdened by your ridiculously impotent parliament ( seriously - who was the genius who thought that getting almost three dozen historically proud and nationalist countries - all of whom base their national identities at least partly on one or more of the many wars they 've had against the same countries they currently share a table with - was a good idea ? ), 
  i chuckled at the `` i see no reason to exclude nations '' comment . 
  how typically british ( ironically - in an eu thread ) . 
  like the rest of the world are suffering so much because they are not part of the old-boy 's club ... 
  if we could only join the eu . 
  aach . 
  this damned atlantic ocean is in the way . 
  how horrible for us . 
  we are not even talking about loopholes here - in order to use the term ` loophole ' there needs to be some unintended consequence whereby somebody clever uses a law to pay fewer taxes by doing something unintended by the law . 
  putting your personal savings in a tax-free retirement plan to avoid paying taxes in your income is hardly a loophole . 
  it 's an explicit encouragement to get people to save for retirement by increasing their incentive to do so . 
  multinational corporations paying taxes in another country is not a ` loophole ' at all either . 
  there are international agreements in place to facilitate international trade , and tax laws stating that you only pay tax once and only in one country exist to allow things to flow smoothly and encourage international trade - if one country x charges less tax than another country y , then that 's just how it is . 
  this is not even a loophole . 
  given the legal choice , of course i 'm going to legally pay my taxes in country y. 
  legally , a corporation is responsible first and foremost to its shareholders .
