  it should move to toronto , which will be hosting the 2015 panamerican games and will have none of the problems that london with the already decommisioned venues . 
  looks just like today, 
  you 're right - and if we are going to talk absolutes ( if levels of prejudice could even be measured on some sort of scale ) , then my money would be on asians , but their brands are different , as far as i can tell . 
  china 's ethnic makeup is 91 % han , giving them a unique brand of cohesion that holds them together against neighbouring countries and outsiders . 
  the chinese are pretty racist as a result . 
  the japanese basically have the same historical and cultural background as the chinese in terms of being isolated and having a ` superior ' national identity - that 's where their racism comes from . 
  indians are much more diverse , but their whole society is based on hyper-amplified caste and religious differences . 
  basically almost everybody 's identity is based on being part of a group that is better than those other groups . 
  indians are pretty racist as a result . 
  of course isolated european populations have it too . 
  icelanders have their national myth of racial superiority too - all the manliest vikings left norway , stole all the prettiest women from england ( which is why british people left there are all so ugly today ) , and settled in iceland . 
  that 's how such a small island has produced so many beauty queens and strongman champions . 
  icelandics are pretty prejudiced too . 
  so yeah - you 're right that people are like that everywhere - but the unique thing about europe is that it 's really the only place in the world where populations are n't isolated . 
  almost no asians actually have any contact with outsiders - so over there , racism does n't really manifest itself in day to day life . 
  but in europe - the population mingles on a regular basis - and has done so for half a millennium , so in europe , we actually have a chance to be racist and prejudiced against other populations . 
  because clearly all our problems come from those foreigners who are actually invading our borders . 
  edit - half a millennium , not half a century , obviously . 
  no way . 
  europeans are on the most prejudiced people on the planet . 
  we do n't even see eye to eye with our own countrymen if they 're from a different region , let alone a different country . 
  yup so i know exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  aaah eastern europe ... where doctors pose for photos giving intramuscular injections with no ppe ( personal protective equipment - ie gloves ) , and poorly bandaged wounds on their own fingers . 
  ten points . 
  interesting loophole ramification potential ? 
  : will this mean that you will simply be able to use a number and service from the country with the cheapest/most featured contracts ? 
  assuming yes - will it then mean that since it 's mostly all the same companies anyway , that contracts will evolve into costing the same across the eu ? 
  why does this list not include all the eu counties ? 
  why does this list not follow alphabetical order ? 
  you forget the dominican republic . 
  there should definitely be a huge premium on actually winning the race . 
   how one country lists the olympics medal standing ( x-post / r/austria ) ftfy, 
  why would such an obviously brilliant businessman in his 40s be a dentist in training ? 
  um - did or did n't all this start because of the catalyst of the government reneging on a promise to have stronger ties with the eu ? 
  is n't the eu and freedom from russia the fundamental reason for this fight ? 
  yes . 
  so why do you have your panties in a bunch ? 
  the article is n't minimizing anything . 
  he doesnt give a shit what non-russians think . 
  i saw an interesting article that pointed out that this is the first olympic games in history where the intended `` audience '' is not external - but internal . 
  the point is to host the world and use the international attention to show russians that russia is a world power again . 
  all previous olympics have had the opposite strategy - to use the host country to show the world what a great country it is . 
   for all i know , they may have got actual male athletes and tried to make them seem female . 
  that was the whole point of my original joke . 
   well , if that were the case , they 'd be trans , not `` actually men '' . 
  also , the advantage they 'd have in that case would be dubious . 
  i 'm not sure , but 40 years ago , when all this was going on , there was no such distinction . 
  and today , ioc rules require xx or xy genetic determination ( yes - it sucks , but technically speaking those who do n't fit these categories are not actually in any category from a rules standpoint - see [ south african semenya ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2012/08/08/health/athletes-gender-testing/ ) ) as for any advantage being dubious - they were a swimming powerhouse for 20 years - in 1976 in montreal , they won 11 of 13 gold medals . 
  it 's a reference to their olympic swimmers , who , it turned out after the collapse of east germany , where heavily hormone and steroid manipulated * , and some may even have been born male . 
  * many of the athletes subsequently sued old team doctors as they had no idea what was being done to them . 
  despite all the evidence , the ioc never revoked any of their medals . 
  east german female swimmer ? 
  does n't that mean there 's a good chance she was actually a man ? 
  i remember reading that in most capital cities around the world , the slovenian and slovakian embassies have monthly meetings to exchange misdirected mail with each other . 
  no - he 's implying that hungary welcomed the germans and were happy to join them . 
  hungary was over the moon that it got transylvania back , and loved that it was being treated as a true partner to the germans . 
  nobody is saying that nonjewish hungarians didnt suffer during the war - but with very few exceptions ( none notable ? ), 
  they certainly didnt suffer at the hands of the germans . 
  pot . 
  butter croissants . 
  chocolate . 
  yup . 
  at least all our national songs and customs are based on joy , happiness and ... nevermind :(, 
  for us , there 's only one st stephen - [ st stephen i ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/stephen_i_of_hungary ) . 
  the patron saint of hungary and founder of the united country under christianity 1000 years ago, 
  one of the most beautiful cities ive ever been . 
  highly recommended . 
  but if it 's a loaded question - where the result is predetermined , they can easily justify never bringing it up again . 
  `` well , as the referendum showed , people do n't want this '' . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  who does n't `` agree that marriage is matrimony between a man and a woman ? '', 
  of course it is - the question forgot an `` only '' at the end . 
  the referendum is about allowing same sex marriages - not whether men and women can be married . 
  no - there is a special case in hungary right now where the ruling party has a super majority - which is unheard of . 
  the previous government was such a group of fuckups that all the challengers needed to do was campaign on the promise of `` we are not them '' . 
  they ( fidesz ) were elected with almost no advertised policies - which was actually a rather brilliant strategy because it meant they were all things to all voters . 
  as a result - almost everybody voted for them - just to get the socialists out . 
  anyway - what it means is that the current government is enjoying unchecked powers since one party has almost all the seats in parliament - that , even if they are reelected as expected , will probably never again happen in the future history of the country . 
  so these guys can change the constitution as they please , but the chances that it can ever easily be changed again in subsequent eras is almost nil . 
  precisely because these industries are vital . 
  and the shareholders arent `` sitting back '' - they are the ones making delivery possible through their investment ( which is at risk of being lost ) . 
  why there are so many extreme right members of eu parliament : 1 ) nobody has a fucking clue what the eu parliament does . 
  2 ) when it comes time to electing ministers , people are dumbfounded because of point 1 ) 3 ) they think - well , i have no idea what the issues are or what we are even voting for , so i 'll just vote for the candidate that will put my country 's interests first . 
  or - they simply do n't vote at all . 
  4 ) they elect nationalist right-wing ministers , not necessarily because they agree with fascist ideas , but because `` at least they will fight for my country '' . 
  none of the hungarian `` occupied '' lands are represented on this map, 
  blonde hair and blue eyes are both recessive genes . 
  this means it is impossible for the first generation offspring of parents where at least one ( mom or dad ) is not mixed to have blonde and/or blue eyed kids . 
  even if mom is being banged by thor himself . 
  1 ) because they cost less than the real thing , increasing profit . 
  if you are selling to tourists , you do n't have to worry about upset repeat customers , 2 ) i believe it 's a series . 
  they do go around the world to various cities getting cheated . 
  edit to 1 ) also , perhaps even more importantly , fake drugs are not illegal . 
  what baffles me is that hungary is very proud of this - not the bomb necessarily , but the nobel prizes that came from hungarian scientists in the united states who where in and around the manhattan project . 
  our country is so proud of a `` nation '' that has produced so many great physicists . 
  the reason for why they were in the west in the first place ( jews having effctively escaped hungary as they feared what was going to come in wwii ) is conveniently overlooked . 
  also overlooked is that the bomb was essentially being developed against the axis powers ( including hungary ) as well . 
  it happens to have been used only in the pacific theatre , but if things had been going poorly for the allies , there was always the possibility , however remote , that it could have been used in europe against the team hungary was on . 
  im not saying obama isnt one of those terms - im saying that it is , by definition , impossible for him to be all of them , as many claim . 
  liberal and socialist are not the same .
