  it is mandated to act in such a way as to do nothing more and nothing less than maximize profits . 
  in fact , if it does do anything that is counter to the goal of maximizing profits , it is open to lawsuit from its shareholders . 
  breaking the law - particularly evading taxes - can put an end to a company . 
  what moral and ethical beliefs do you speak of ? 
  by what argument is it more or less ethical to pay more or less taxes ? 
  these are questions or philosophy that are so far out of the realm of corporate governance that it 's absurd to imply that executives should be making decisions based on them . 
  you 're basically saying that it 's a corporation 's responsibility to pay taxes in a country that it believes it has the `` best '' tax law . 
  that 's what they do now . 
  you 're just using a different measure of what `` best '' means . 
  public corporations are mandated to make money . 
  it is their amoral ( not imoral ) purpose . 
  when you buy stock , you are entering an agreement whereby you are investing in a company - buying a portion of that company - for the explicit purpose of making money . 
  you may have other motives ( wanting that particular type of business to succeed , as in green energy , for example ) but your motives are irrelevant to the investment contract . 
  the contract is a simple one . 
  i will give you my money and you will use it to make me more money , and you will use it for no other purpose than to make me money so that i get a return on my investment . 
  this is not nonsense and conjecture as you put it . 
  it is fact . 
  sasp777 just gave you a perfect example in enron - why did you dismiss it ? 
  if you want more examples , look up `` breach of trust '' . 
  enron got in trouble because its executives used shareholder funds for something other than the explicit purpose of increasing shareholder value ( and hiding it ) . 
  legally , the only way public corporations are even allowed to give to charity , is by justifying the expense as increasing value through public relations . 
  in enron 's case , there would have been no legal issue with executives buying 5000 personal shower curtains and giving themselves huge bonuses - but there 's no way shareholders would have allowed those expenses as they could never possibly be justified to have a positive return on investment . 
  if i have a private company , there is nothing stopping me from doing whatever i want with my money - but following the market crash of '29 laws were explicitly put into place to regulate corporations to ` tie their hands ' to make sure that all funds are used to do nothing but make a profit . 
  as for your implication that ceos must balace the effects of bad publicity vs monetary gains - um . 
  no they do n't . 
  what planet are you on ? 
  what bad publicity do you speak of ? 
  when was the last time you ever heard of somebody making a decision not to use a particular corporations services or products because they pay tax in an other country ? 
  if they are breaking the law , then that 's a different story , but people throw around the word ` tax evasion ' very loosely . 
  there is a huge difference between tax evasion ( which is illegal ) and legally paying taxes in a different jurisdiction . 
  here 's where i challenge you to find me just a single example that paying billions more in taxes by filing in the usa would even remotely outweigh any possible ` bad pr ' . 
  it 's always the government of the country with bad tax laws that bitches about it and tries to shame corporations and tries to get public opinion on its side - but the corporations are fully within the law . 
  it 's way easier to vilify a large corporation than it is to revamp a clusterfucked national tax code . 
  i 'd comment more about this - but i have to sit down and catch my breath first . 
  anybody have a tissue i can use to pat the sweat from my brow ? 
  man - were there always that many steps to get up here ? 
   comment about how transylvania belongs to hungary ( which it does n't ) listen - as i pointed out in my post above , it 's a lost fight , and transylvania will never go back to hungary . 
  it 's not worth debating about - but with all due respect - what planet do you live on ? 
  to use the word ` belong ' is a loaded one - but learn your history - how much more `` belong '' can you get than being part of hungary from hungary 's establishment in 1003 to 1919 . 
  i 'd say that in anybody 's book - over 900 years as part of a country can safely be called `` belong to '' . 
  as for hungarians and romanians currently living together and coexisting in transylvania , have you ever noticed how the ` most romanian ' regions of transylvania are the hungarian border regions ? 
  that 's due to a concerted effort to repatriate ethnic romanians to those regions as a buffer after 1919 . 
  the fight is over and hungary lost . 
  we accept that ( at least those of us who have a brain accept it ) , but that does n't change the fact that yes , transylvania `` belonged '' to hungary . 
  here 's something you must try : go out a few times as a canadian and make some remarks about how you cant stand americans and it sucks how you always mistaken for one ( i hope you dont have an american accent - but even if you do , they most likely wont be able to tell ) . 
  it would help if you knew a few things about canada - but the easiest topic for an american here is to talk about how `` almost all good famous actors and bands are canadians - those fucking yanks take all the credit '' ( google it and youll have more than enough to talk about ) now - let the flood gates open and they will tell you their honest opinion of americans . 
  be prepared - youre not going to like it . 
  but take what they say and then use it wisely when you transform back to your american self ( note exercise caution if/when revealing your true identity - i almost recommend staying in the closet about it ) with your new wisedom , go out of your way to not act like arrogant american asshole - it should be easy - just take the list of everything people said to you and dont act that way !, 
  this will involve but not be limited to : being ignorant about the rest of the world geographically , historically , and culturally . 
  being condescending as though america is the best country in the world ( note : the point here , which most americans miss , is not that you shouldnt brag and you should be polite - its that america is not the best country in the world and when you act that way people will lose their respect for you , especially if/when you will have no meaningful knowledge of any other country ) good luck , eh, 
  actually , i do n't think any want to any more . 
  and if i were them i would n't want to either . 
  the recent hungarian governments have totally disrespected them , and hungarian people on general - and right wing extremist nuts in particular treat the szekely like retarded children . 
  my brother and i ( we 're of hungarian origin fluent in the language , but culturally canadian born and raised ) went on a bus tour of erd\u00e9ly last year with a busload of hungarian villagers and we were both astonished at how the hungarians talked about and to the szekely . 
  the hungarians treated them like poor victims that should be so happy that real hungarians are there to visit . 
  they were soo condescending , and almost happy that the romanians were so poor - at least someone is worse off than them . 
  the szekely obviously didnt give a shit about them though and just played along , happily taking their tourist money . 
  my comment above has nothing to do with the szekely . 
  it was just a reference to land that was unjustly taken from hungary . 
  that being said - it was with a pinch of trollery as im usually the first to tell hungarians who care about transylvania to suck it up and move on . 
  it boggles my mind that there are people in hungary who actually believe that their energy is well spent bitching about it and making a big deal out of it . 
  suck it up - the land was stolen 100 years ago , theres nothing that can be done about it now . 
  move on, 
  yeah - give transilvania back to hungary !, 
   they have stolen our lives ! , ' one female lesbos resident told german radio station rtl , they have stolen our lives ! , ' one female lesbian told german radio station rtl , ftfy . 
  this is literally what a lesbian is - by definition - a resident of lesbos . 
  where ( alcoholic ) beer and ( pork ) sausage are the staple . 
  to be fair , you realize that almost all of these refugees appear to escaping from exactly that fucked up type of islam you 're describing , right ? 
  will they rename it `` redorangeyellowblueindigovioletandgreenland '' ? 
  technically , `` chronic '' is more appropriate than `` acute '' , in this case . 
  1st , that 's not true . 
  2nd , there is a huuuuuuuuge difference between military deaths and civilian deaths . 
  wow . 
  i 've been living a lie my whole life !, 
  that 's very interesting . 
  interesting that it 's the same language family, 
  lots of tidbits flying around here about `` yes '' . 
  - hungarian is the only language in the world where the main word for `` yes '' is n't one syllable . 
  edit : it 's sister language finnish is also two syllables . 
  - ( not on the list here , but ) i 've always found it fascinating that there is/was no word for `` yes '' in latin . 
  instead , for example `` do you want to eat ? '', 
  would be replied to affirmatively with `` eat '' . 
  `` worse '' is pretty broad . 
  but generally speaking `` football hooligans '' are poorly educated and of a lower socio-economic background . 
  you 're not gon na find assholes booing a minute of silence at a tennis match or golf tournament . 
  just saying . 
  with the exception of north america , where it has traditionally been an upper middle class sport ( and interestingly an upper middle class sport for girls ) , in the rest of the world it 's a lower class sport for guys . 
  they are all fleeing from war . 
  that 's fine . 
  what makes them economic migrants is that they have already fled - it 's just that they are unhappy with turkey and or serbia and croatia . 
  once you are in a safe place you ca n't keep fighting for an upgrade . 
  you can stop calling them refugees already . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  brexit was n't a `` right wing '' thing . 
  it 's infuriating when people say that - there were right wing supporters , of course , but just as many lefty ( anti globalization , anti corporation ) types too . 
  as a canadian from a big city , where we actually have diversity ( people from every country in the world ) that is actually diverse - it 's a pet peeve of mine when europeans are asked about `` multiculturalism '' or `` diversity '' when in reality there 's no `` multi '' at all in their experience . 
  let 's face it - they mean muslims from one or two countries . 
  or in england , they mean `` polish vermin '' . 
  the injection of a large population of the same group of people into your population is not multiculturalism - and time and time again , history shows that when society is made up of just two or three distinct groups , conflicts and wars will result . 
  but that 's not multiculturalism .
