the market is probably anticipating an ebola outbreak - the single best thing that ever happened to employment number in history was the black plague . 
  yes russian flag was different too . 
  but i 'm pretty sure the is flag was same as it is now ? 
  i may be wrong . 
  edit - nope i 'm wrong . 
  ww2 us flag had 49 stars . 
  alaska , the 50th star , was added in 1959 . 
  ( as a canadian / hungarian i never studied that stuff ), 
  wrong flag for canada . 
  this is the correct one : http://www.foudemonnaies.com/images/drapeau.old.canada.jpg, 
  when expectations are met , the status quo is maintained . 
  as with hockey in canada , the championship was expected by fans . 
  if on the other hand they had expected a first round loss and then won the championship , thats when people 's level of selfworth increases, 
   `` hahaha stupid people trying to help what did they expect '' stop misrepresenting . 
  that quote makes it sound like we are making fun of them for trying to help and that they were kidnapped because they were trying to help . 
  we both know that 's bullshit . 
  they are being ridiculed for their complete lack of good judgement . 
  seriously . 
  what the fuck did they think would happen ? 
  what 's that einstein quote ? 
  `` stupidity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result '' . 
  well let 's see - almost any time young western civilian women are in those zones they get kidnapped . 
  they certainly did get what was coming to them . 
  but it 's like jumping into an icy lake and being surprised that it 's cold . 
  you sound just as na\u00efve . 
  depends on what you mean by selling out . 
  not financially . 
  if anything , his nationalism is working actively against the selling out / selling off of hungarian interests . 
  so no , he 's not selling out the state . 
  but he is fucking over the people by actively making decisions that are against hungary 's interest , for purely ideological and misguided nationalist reasons . 
  partnering with russia for the nuclear power plant and making exclusive oil and gas deals with russia is a very bad business and financial decision . 
  in the nuclear case there are half a dozen `` western '' companies that could do it cheaper and better , and in the case of the oil , it 's just really dumb to close your options off to other sources and have an exclusive deal with a volatile supplier . 
  orban is n't dumb enough to miss that . 
  obviously he can see it too . 
  the reason for those deals is purely political . 
  there 's no explanation other than to show loyalty to russia . 
  yeah either that or , you know , the fact that orban has n't missed a chance lately to publicly praise putin and the russian `` superstars '' as an ideal form of government . 
  correction : hungary shot itself in the foot when it decided , in order to spite `` the liberal west '' to start licking russia 's ass again a couple of years ago . 
  amsterdam is missing from the list . 
  a skyline is the sillouette of buildings at the horizon . 
  of course not . 
  my point is that the most `` patriotic '' are generations far removed from their immigrant ancestors ( which does n't qualify them as immigrants now does it ? ) . 
  so these self proclaimed `` real americans '' who dont want more immigration and are the least likely to be contributing to society are the most likely to take credit for the `` awesomeness '' of their country . 
  america is a country of immigrants in the abstract . 
  in reality most americans are not immigrants . 
  you really wan na go there ? 
  if you insist , we can overlook the fact that more than half of american stem degrees are awarded to foreigners , or that more than half of phd students in america are foreign born . 
  we are then left with , in no particular order : - the whole manhattan project - tesla - bell - levi stauss - google - lasik eye surgery - the nazi rocket scientists - the microsoft office suite - the hairdryer - most of hollywood 's management - automatic transmission ( is there anything more `` american '' ? ), 
  - wireless remote control - electric cars , indeed let 's just go with cars altogether . 
  why not throw in motorbikes . 
  and on and on and on . 
  your turn . 
  ill give you partial credit for flight and the internet , then what are you left with ? 
  apple pie ? 
   british people resent americans more than any other nationality resents americans . 
  the other english-speaking former colonies are different , as they are still in the commonwealth and did n't become a major world power in the same way america did . 
  wow . 
  this statement accurately sums up what brits ( and canadians ) hate about americans . 
  it 's not resentment at all , we do n't resent anything about you . 
  we dislike your arrogance that you think we resent you . 
  we dislike that you have a superiority complex - and that everyday americans who are so proud of the `` world power status '' of america - ie the dumb tourists and expats - did nothing to contribute to it , and indeed most of the time contribute negatively to it . 
  we are disgusted by your lack of understanding of reality that almost no major `` american '' advances were made by americans - they were made by foreigners in america . 
  we are certainly all proud of our own countries - but we find the american uneducated buffoonery brand of so-called patriotism cringe-worthy . 
  americans literally chant u-s-a , u-s-a like drunken gorillas . 
  as a people - you champion `` freedom '' without any understanding of what it even is . 
  pro tip - it 's not the right to have a gun and shoot it . 
  so no - we do n't `` resent '' america at all . 
  we just think the people are typically uncouth idiots who are rude and insulated . 
  on a post where the whole point is showing the colours of three corners of a triangle , one of the corners is obscured . 
  no praise for you , photographer . 
  shame shame . 
  nobody denies that it exists . 
  people deny it as a valid argument . 
  it all came out of the food triangle and nutrition education that started heavily running in e 80s . 
  it was/is a collosal fuckup . 
  that is about the time that `` low fat '' and diet drinks started being marketed heavily . 
  people have the `` you are what you eat '' idea so many cut out fat - but there are only two things fat can be substituted with . 
  proteins and carbs . 
  proteins cost a relative fortune , so it leaves carbs . 
  yes , fats are much more energy dense than carbs , but your appetite is affected in exactly the opposite way by them . 
  eating fat will make you feel full . 
  eating carbs ( particularly simple sugars ) will make your body want even more - because throughout evolution , sweets were very rare , so we are built to load up on them if we have a chance to . 
  so the irony of nutrition education is that people dont eat balanced diets at all - but it taught us to try and cut fat out , so we eat nothing but empty carbs which make you fat . 
  also - fat gets negative pr for giving you high cholesterol , but your cholesterol is ( and this is a very very general statement ) effected far more by e fat you have on your body than fat you put into it . 
  so cutting it out for cholesterol reasons makes no difference if you just eat more carbs that your body converts to fat anyway . 
  the prevalence of which is the same as it was in the past when people were n't fat . 
  this argument comes up all the time - and it 's bullshit all the time . 
  the prevalence of true clinical obesity now ca n't be different genetically now than it was 50 or 100 years ago . 
   i wonder if she had more pressing needs in the 1960s . 
  seems like learning german was n't necessary of survival , but working was . 
  which `` more pressing needs '' do you speak of that would not have been far more easily fulfilled if she had learned the language ? 
  woohooo !, 
  left behind by an other ... 
  hear hear, 
   i guess now he 'll be vacuuming the turf at the rogers centre . 
  they changed the name . 
  once he was the king of spain , now he eats humble pie http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ytpkdhm1brs&amp;feature=kp, 
  they 're just chicken . 
  aaaaaah . 
  what a lovely language .
