  tldr : ball is life . 
  no problem croat in catalonia . 
  but but , just recently some german official said that they can accept 500k refugees a year for a few years with no problem ... 
   as for turkish/pkk clashes , they 're quite minor and happen from time to time in germany ahh so that makes it ok ... / s, 
  why those germans waving turkish flags ? 
  so greece , hungary , austria , germany and denmark are nasty camps ?? 
  somehow i do n't believe that the eu will pay for this ... 
  it 's not the numbers what pisses me off.but the fact that minimum wage in lithuania is 325 eur from wich people have to pay bills , buy food etc. 
  and herr comes the refugee he gets free housing , food , clothes some sort of allowance and all that costs 600eur a month.wtf.this is the biggest fuck you to not so fortune lithuanians.maybe lets make a minimum wage qouta in the eu?germany can fund it . 
  minimum wage is 325 eur , you know how much one refugee gon na cost us?at least 600eur . how is that for a fuck you to the not so fortune lithuanians who have to get by with 300eur a month ?? 
  ? are you nuts ? 
  they were refugees in the first safe country they had entered.now they 're just illegal migrants.they were supposed to ask for a asylum in the first safe country , but they did n't . 
   we want a fair allocation of refugees and then we wo n't have to discuss schengen . 
  wait what?germany invites all the refugees to germany and then wants fair allocation amongst the eu ... okay . . 
  ? you 're not going to do shit and even if you decided to do something ( highly unlikely ) about it i advise you to leave it for the law enforcement to sort it out that 's their job and not some random redditor job . 
  are you a fucking jihadi or what?do you seriously do n't see a problem with the state wich kills people over the fact that they 're atheists ??????? 
  ? and you say shit that slovakia have to adhere to the international law whilst saudi can do whatever they want.fuck off you cunt.you go straight to my ignore list you jihadi shit . 
  how is that a problem ? 
  so is saudi arabia.yet they fucking behead people because they are atheist or insult saudi kingdom.somehow i do n't see you cry over that . 
  generalizing entire region from one fucking comment ? 
  :d are you serious right now ? 
  fuck off arrogant shit . 
  allowing ** all ** people into slovakia is not required by the internartional law either.what 's your point ? 
  allowing all people into europe is not required by the inernational law . 
  allowing all people into my house is not required by the international law . 
  allowing all people into my garden is not required by the international law . 
  islam is not a race , the same way christianity , budhism or spagetti monster religion is not a race.you can be white , black , brown , yellow or fucking purple and still be an adherent to islam ... where the fuck this idea that islam is a race came from i have no fucking clue , and your sarcastic shit does n't help at all ... 
  no he meant cepelinai and k\u016bgelis that 's what we call it over here ... 
  you have a better chance than them anyway lol . 
  nahh.latvia is closer.we share a good chunk of history with latvia too , they speak the baltic language , also we share a common baltic heritage add a soviet union occupation and the fact that in the past hundred years we were n't that close to poland anyway due to vilnius ( all that fighting and stuff ) . def braliukai are the number 1 pick.unless you 're from the some sort of noblemen background then you could make a case ... 
  i do n't mind him posting in two languages , i do that myself ocasionally.what i hate is that he posts first in french then in english.he should post first in english then in french.seriously i will put him onto ignore list if he keeps doing that . 
   if you hear a `` nigeris '' - punch the fucker in the mouth in ideal world yes i agree with you , but if i was black in lithuania i would n't do that ... coz you might get jumped and beaten badly.it really depends , but if a group of drunk track suit wearing scum called you `` nigeris '' i suggest just to move on and even if one chav called you that i would n't punch him either because he will definetly call his bach\u016brus ( `` boys '' ) . 
  we also have word v\u0117l\u0117 wich means soul/ghost of the dead people . 
   tho it 's rarely used nowadays , also day of the dead in lithuanian is called v\u0117lin\u0117s . 
   it is n't hidden , but it does not stimulate meaningful discussion , which is the very purpose of this subreddit ( or indeed , any interactive platform ) . 
  nahh it is n't , this website or subreddit have no purpose , it is what it is a social media website / content agregator.users decide what they want or do n't want to see.it 's that simple . 
  do n't go there then . 
  here i 've fixed the problem for you . 
  so what?what 's your point?do you want to keep this subreddit a leftist/progressive echo chamber like before?this subreddit have grown considerably , and more diverse opinions are present.get over it . 
  he was kidding , bantering if you will . 
  ok , ok so it 's more like '' file '' rather than '' filai '' . anyway it was more like a joke than anything serious . 
  well shit , i thought so too . 
  damn those romans for imposing their language on us . 
  lalalal i ca n't hear you https://youtu.be/xgrlwyu3l_q?t=19s  ) * lalala a\u0161 tav\u0119s negird\u017eiu . 
  why not?that 's how i pronounce it in my mind . 
  yeah , esa did a great job making the philae and rosseta more human like instead of some '' thing '' . all those videos , tweets and etc. 
  add some charm to it and you ca n't help yourself but feel attached to it . 
  awesome , i was worried that the little guy wo n't wake up anymore . 
  * fully agree . 
  yep , but `` olandija '' is way more popular than `` nyderlandai '' . 
  leaks?what leaks?i feel like i 've missed something . . 
  lel have you deleted your previous comment or the mods did ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's an opression or whatever.what i 'm saying it 's not fucking normal to get banned from 500 subreddits , just because you broke the rules in one.it 's not normal to moderate hundreds of subreddits in the first place especially when you 're known to abuse your mod powers in the past.i do n't care too much about that particular racist guy , but the fact is that davidreisss did a lot dodgy things in the past and he should n't even be a mod on here . 
  he was banned from the subreddits he was n't even posting.it 's not normal and it 's a totalitarian style.doesn ' t matter if you like the guy or not.but there is more about daviddreiss666 than judt banning the one guy just check the imgur links ... 
  i know but just check the links there please . 
  ohhh they do , they usually swarm the articles related to putin , russia , ukraine and post same comments all the time does n't matter if it 's related to said article or no and upvote each other . 
  where?i have just checked delfi.lt comments and expected cancer as usual , but suprisingly nobody cares except very few comments . 
  * laimingos ( alternatively linksmos ) , * dienos just a heads up . 
   i know that you used a google translate . 
  if you count only those who live in lithuania it is not.but most of our migrants still have lithuanian citizenships and indetify as a lithuanians.that 's all that matters really and it 's a cool song wich lithuanians can indentify with . 
  i di n't know man i think this https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=updxq_-9sa8 suits our country much better . 
  i did check 2.5 rule.how this is low quality submision ? 
  ? it seems that user found it inetersting and discussions were had.or like always you fucking delete something because you do n't like it ? 
  dafuck that means ??? 
  meh fuck the usa.yurop stronk, 
  i can basically hear thousands of angry liberals shouting : `` colonialism , racism , occupation white men are at it again '' . it 's a nice idea , but never will be attempted . 
  so i can fly as tourist to canada/usa etc then destroy my passport and get to stay there indefinetly ? 
  ? lol ofcourse no , they would find out who i am and deport me.same thing is here.there is laws and proceedures to deal with illegals . 
  the fuck i know i amnot a politician or a person who knows all the international laws.just like any other illegal immigrant or criminal etc. 
  contact their country 's politicians/diplomats and sort it out via diplomatic channels . 
  edit : i see you have edited your comment.well first of all i 'm talking about the economic migrants.syrians are probably here to stay.iraq still have a functioning goverment , niger conflict was sortited out by france.somalia have goverment as well.anyway genuine refugees gon na stay , economic migrants deported . 
  well first indication of the persons origin it 's a passport.if they do n't have one then name , language they speak , appearence , religion.combine all of these and you have a pretty good estimation of their country of origin . 
  ylol , you are more delusional than i thought . 
  if i said that the black man 's or jews or brown man 's survival is irrelevant as long humanity carries on.you and the likes of you would call me a racist piece of shit and report this comment to the mods . 
  fuck you . 
  no i 'm thanking god bhudda or whatever , that eu politicians are n't that delusulional to risk in our quality of life just because hundrends of thousand people want to get in europe.it 's a sad situation those illegals are in , but i do n't want eu to become like africa.lets be real if given an oppurtunity tens of milions in africa would go to europe ... 
   and the possibility of a reduction in quality of life in europe really should not deter us from trying to help the rest of the world dear god you 're delusional.one day maybe you will grow up.it 's not a fairy tale , it 's a real life.that 's not how the world works and thank god for that . . 
  actually you borrowed it from proto-baltic language.we got it as well `` pimpalas '' . 
  we got pimpalas as well it means the same thing as in your language.and we got word daiktas as well but it have no negative connonations because it means : `` thing '' . 
  lol pimpalas in lithuanian is less vulgar word than bybis.also daiktas in lithuanian mean a thing . 
  well bybys is a word for dick , but bubis can mean snot in our language.i 'm lithuanian i know what bybys means lol, 
  yeah it 's mixed up.it 's a lithuanian word . 
  no they do n't lol.it 's like saying that lithuania can claim poland because lithuanian duke jogaila was a king of poland ... wich is bullshit.just because belorussia was part of gdl does n't mean shit . 
  lol he is a powermod they do n't usually go as easy as we would like to ... :(, 
  i vote for his removal.he is a mod of 100 + subreddits and i do n't think he can moderate this subreddit effectively.someone said that we need a mod outside of europe for the night shifts wich i partly agree but it should be someone else and not him . 
  we do this in lithuania as well . 
  well actually we 're bordering only kalninigrad , ohh well we also have a border with belorussia wich is basically russia anyway ... but technically we do n't have a bordder with mainland russia . 
  ok then , i might be dumb , what 's exactly to be an european?we share a lot of values with americans , christian background , similar values etc. , can i call myself american then?in fact i can realate more to a second generation lithuanian-american , than i can realate to a greek who have never left europe . 
  honestly - never.i 'm lithuanian , i love my country , my culture , my language.honestly i ca n't really relate to a spaniard or a german , nor probably they can relate to me.and it 's down to our perception , expiriences and culture, 
  yeap , not including marijonas mikutavi\u010dius trys milijonai is weird on his part ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=updxq_-9sa8, 
  can confirm , i can understand russian a bit , but when i need to say something in russian it ends with naxui blet niznaju kak skazat :d, 
  daugpilis * that 's our clay :d source : daugpilis means a lot of castles :d, 
  and who is going to pay for the wall ? 
  eww vytautas mineral water is disgusting.only reason to drink that stuff is when you 're so hungover that you feel like dying and got nothing else to drink . 
  in that case you should start give a fuck.be special again.make being special great again . 
  money.fiba is just like fifa.bunch of corrupt old farts who knows nothing about football or basketball, 
   i also remember being charged by a gypsy to use a urinal . 
  you should have told him to fuck off and force your way in . 
  '' vote for conservative islamic communism '' - that 's your actual flair ... 
   also , walls do n't work .
