  your address is personally identifiable information , not meant to be revealed outside of the relationship you hold with the entity that you give it to . 
  this is why consent forms exist for the distribution of pii with third-parties ( typically for marketing purposes ) . 
  membership in a criminal or controversial group that 's been revealed to be true should not be subject to privacy laws . 
  its publication could have been the result of a journalistic investigation . 
  if it was also revealed that i had donated 20,000 , 30,000 euros to this group for political purposes , this too should be in the public interest and supercede privacy . 
  edit : i should also add that google is extremely serious about the protection of pii . 
  fanatically serious . 
  as in , if you work for google and you peeked at your own pii records in their databases , you would immediately be fired . 
  if , per delirium 's suggestion , that this sort of pii becomes designated as legally protected , i see no problem with this at all and in fact , i 'm pretty sure this falls in line with google 's ethos . 
  the courts are forcing an index to hide certain relevant data . 
  this is censorship . 
  china does the same thing to search engines for tienanmen square ; the site and data still exist on the internet , but do not show up on the search . 
  this is fucked . 
  as screwy as the usa is over here , i ca n't believe that you guys across the pond are suddenly getting their information censored because it inconveniences someone else , and if that privacy-seeking someone else happens to be a particularly powerful or notable politician , i would think that it would be completely within the public 's best interest to know about it . 
  it also turns out there are several notable people who share my name , some of whom are very successful people , and one of whom is a criminal . 
  upon closer scrutiny it becomes clear that it is not me , but if that link is censored out , it looks much , much worse . 
  this whole thing is a can of fucking worms that should be burnt to ashes . 
  that 's actually one hell of a false flag to pull off . 
  of all the times to have her dead , this really made him look bad . 
  i 've already made the distinction between violence and a strong reaction earlier . 
  not condoning the former . 
  also i did n't see your edit regarding homophobia/sexism/honour killings because i wrote my post to your pre-edited original version . 
  i 'll address that here : yes , to some people it can absolutely represent that . 
  rocket attacks too , let 's not forget that . 
  however , the legitimacy of that symbolism is mostly predicated upon the * institution 's * policies ; honour killings do n't apply because individuals commit them , not the palestinian authority . 
  homophobia and sexism * certainly * are n't unique to palestine ; you could easily argue that israel , especially with its ultra-conservative orthodox and hassidic jews , is just as homophobic and sexist , so really it 's a moot point . 
  that pretty much leaves war crimes , which could easily be argued as a response to apartheid policies from the israeli state ( who has also arguably committed their fair share of war crimes ) . 
  at this point it 's simply a matter of what side you sympathize with regarding strong reactions and therefore , it 's not hypocritical as an arab to have strong feelings against the israeli flag . 
  really ? 
  considering how far germany has gone to distance itself from its past , you still heckle someone based upon their modern flag with does n't carry that same weight ? 
  i do n't see how the modern republic and its symbols represents its nazi past . 
  that flag carries a heavy burden of loaded meaning . 
  nobody should be beaten up for flying a flag ( even a confederate flag ) but there are plenty of national flags and symbols that can elicit strong reactions ; that 's precisely what a symbol is supposed to do , for better or for worse . 
  for what it 's worth , the american flag with its 50 stars certainly represents quite a bit of treachery with its manifest destiny splayed out . 
  i would n't blame a native american for being bitter upon seeing it . 
  what 's funny is that in japan for instance , many yakuza find ` legitimate ' work as construction workers . 
  while it drastically increases the overhead for public works projects ( and holy shit do they make a lot of them ) it also keeps them employed ( however inefficient ) and contributing to the economy in the same vein as fdr 's programs during the new deal . 
  also , convenient body disposal . 
  additional detail : there are plans to install a ballistic missile defense system in poland by 2018 . 
  you 've triggered quite the interesting discussion . 
  cheers to you , it 's been a great read . 
  what 's kind of funny is that i 've seen tech companies still hire for positions in ireland . 
  riot games , for one . 
  i think amazon , too . 
  how 's the tech sector doing there ? 
  everything i hear about bavaria and stuttgart in particular makes me feel like it is a wacky parody of germany . 
  . . what, 
  there 's one in little tokyo district of los angeles called spitz . 
  have n't gone there yet but they do well . 
  depends on the time . 
  if it 's after 10pm , probably an all-night diner like denny 's or a waffle house where they serve breakfast food like scrambled egg skillets w / sausage , onion , and cheese ... or a ham , egg and cheese grilled sandwich . 
  sides like french fries , deep-fried ( breaded ) mozzarella sticks with marinara sauce , deep fried onion rings . 
  maybe mini-burgers ( sliders ) . 
  chicken strips or nuggets . 
  before then , burgers or pizza is typical . 
  outside of that , it gets extremely regional . 
  as an american ... you are a gawd-damned idiot . 
  bless your heart . 
  look up aleister crowley and the hermetic order of the golden dawn . 
  well , it would have been incredibly ironic to write allahu ackbar on a sculpture of a dog or pig . 
  i probably would have chuckled at the stupidity of that . 
  there 's also an issue with being a college student in another state . 
  because students have a tendency to vote liberal/democrat , some states will try to make them jump through some stupid amount of hoops to get registered . 
  imagine trying to do the paperwork to get your birth certificate and other identification in order when all of that was from across the usa . 
  i have a friend raised by two moms . 
  they love him , spoil the shit out of him , and he turned out successful and perfectly straight . 
  i understand your fear , but i do n't think you understand the hell of being an orphan when there 's too few families in total , let alone families that are n't dysfunctional or abusive , that are fostering or adopting children . 
  i once argued with an `` anarchist '' that his support of anti-slur laws in the uk negated both his anarchist credentials and also constituted thought-crime . 
  he was , in truth , a socialist . 
  i find the nanny-state mentality rather hideous . 
  man at this rate , i swear your eu has outsourced their food testing to the chinese . 
  lack of oxygen and co2 poisoning have different effects on the body . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  there should be a balance struck here . 
  considering how badly the police treat you in detention in the usa , where you could be stuck in * just * the booking process over an entire weekend , civil liberties over contacting outside parties and having better access to communications should be a priority and prerequisite . 
  the opposing argument is that if it 's public record , you ca n't be detained and disappear off the face of the earth . 
  if they 're rich and powerful foreign nationals competing with us interests ... something something kim dotcom, 
  in the most populated areas of china , i 'd imagine you would need a freaking gas mask if you wanted to do any of that . 
  i sat there looking at austria for a good thirty seconds and wondered if i was just a stupid american or if austria somehow raised an entire generation of body-building super-soldiers with goofy accents . 
  i 'm surprised germany did so well , also . 
  yes , well ... have a big mac . 
  ( we may or may not have a surveillance bug in it ), 
  yeah , but at this point , who needs an ally who talks shit about your president behind your back while addressing congress and completely bypassing all diplomatic protocol with the executive branch ? 
  bibi has no respect for our country and takes our support for granted . 
  he is off of his fucking gourd . 
  i remember seeing this guy post on / r/trueoffmychest . 
  unfortunately for some , that 's a one-way ticket to an `` honour killing '' . 
  you 're conflating the definitions of institutional ( or structural ) racism and individual racism . 
  the former is only used in an academic context anyways . 
  if you 're actually a sociologist , you should really stop misusing it . 
  whoa . 
  that 's some serious `` stormfront or sjw ? '', 
  material . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  also known as the `` we have no agency , we gave it all to white people '' interpretation . 
  across the pond we use the term institutional racism , but structural works too . 
  til . 
  hate to say it , but us vs them is the basis of cultural marxism . 
  supporting link : http://artlawjournal.com/mickey-mouse-keeps-changing-copyright-law/, 
  it blows my mind that this stuff does n't become public domain after 50 years or so .
