you can possibly have religious provisions , but it 's not like moyels are n't terrible at carrying out the procedure anyways , and they do it outside of a hospital . 
  also , this is a false equivalency : abortion and circumcision are two entirely separate procedures that do n't even come close . 
  holy fuck , man . 
  i was hoping they 'd at least try to barbeque it . 
  dude , the perjorative term is * british in origin * . 
  along with your country 's pervasive surveillance , that 's why the uk is the model `` nanny '' state . 
  in america , our expression of free speech is curtailed only in the instance that it incites imminent lawless action ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brandenburg_v._ohio ) . 
  on the other hand , i can get fined ( ! ), 
  in the uk for calling someone a pikey . 
  they 're a bit sensitive over there . 
  sometimes it 's more useful to perform covert surveillance on people than to overtly censor them . 
  if there 's a particularly large community behind the flags , then taking the flags down might be excessively escalatory which is a lose-lose situation , when you could just monitor group activity instead ( and judging from previous history , infiltrate it with agents provocateurs and undercover police to build a case ) . 
   iran renamed the street the british embassy is on to `` bobby sands street '' damn , that 's one hell of a fuck you . 
  what 's your take on vat-grown meat ? 
  nato ? 
  people like teamkiller91 are willfully ignorant of the fact that our very justice system , from its private prison contracts to its disparate drug laws ( see : crack/cocaine sentencing disparity ) to the very war on drugs itself , is racially biased . 
  just world hypothesis . 
  _ amerikaner _ here , can confirm . 
  everything 's shit . 
  nobody cooperates with each other unless it 's to cooperatively fuck us over on behalf of comcast , at&t or some other megacorp . 
  the schism in our collective identity is so ingrained that [ serious cognitive dissonance occurs when our government actually does what it 's supposed to do . 
  ] ( http://www.salon.com/2014/08/15/i_don%e2%80%99t_know_what_the_hell_party_i_belong_to_why_this_hardcore_republican_learned_to_love_the_epa/ ), 
  ahh , right . 
  heil , fellow shitlord . 
  when you put it that way , the `` right to be forgotten '' is virtually unheard of here . 
  also , i think it makes more sense to say `` freedom from oppression vs. freedom of speech '' , which is how it 's more commonly debated as . 
  regrettably , i need to end my time on here as it 's 7am and i have to take care of a bunch of things ( real life ) but you 've certainly given me something to think about . 
  thank you for the civil and stimulating discussion . 
  we 're not actually in a situation where journalists are exclusively using google , but given how little we actually trust our news organizations in the us these days due to corporate interests ( and these same corporate interests having influence over our government ) , an extension or adoption of this ruling in the united states would be absolutely disastrous . 
  our situation here is , regrettably , fucked . 
  actually , in america , we would call it `` enforcement of copyright '' . 
  :p though yes , technically this is censorship . 
   it 's interesting that you consider this a `` fundamental error '' on my part and not a different cultural view . 
  i make no distinction between the two and find it very strange that you do . 
  you actually raise an interesting point that i had n't considered , that the very definition of the term privacy is something in question . 
  privacy in the usa is commonly thought of as information that is kept ` in secret ' . 
  anything you write publicly on the internet , anything you have done in public will relinquish this status and does not retroactively become private after a certain period of time . 
  this also means that opinions that you may have ( publicly ) expressed in the past can not be retroactively deemed as private . 
  i 've never thought to actually define privacy so i apologize if this is a bit rough . 
  * edit to your edit to my edit * : when you invoked the phrase `` you should n't be worried if you 've got nothing to hide '' ; i took it to semantically mean government intrusion of privacy , because it is almost * exclusively * used in the context of the government violating the us constitution 's fourth amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure . 
  i apologize for any misunderstanding . 
  furthermore , americans are extremely sensitive about letting employers gain full access to their facebook profiles , as there have been numerous documented cases about employees being fired for stupid posts that were made public . 
  it is well known by now that it would be illegal for your employer to demand access to information on your profile that was not already made public or available to them . 
  as for the things about whistleblowers and such , i think that 's more related to the military thing than to privacy concerns . 
  you actually raise a very good point . 
  thank you . 
   china also imprisons people . 
  the us also imprisons people . 
  so the us is like china . 
  this is quite stupid . 
  i did not equate the european courts of actually being like china ; i accused their ruling of effecting censorship . 
  you are simply trying to accuse me of being an ideologue when you yourself are not explaining the logic of your accusation . 
  google making it easier to uncover facts and knowledge actually has led to a democratization of knowledge and transparency . 
  twitter making it easier to publish facts and knowledge has done the same . 
  journalism is no longer limited solely to entities that require corporate revenue , but to people who are determined to uncover , and publish , the truth . 
  the whole debacle in gaza would be portrayed in an entirely different light `` in those days '' before the internet . 
  i believe what we have here now , is a good thing . 
  i do n't see your link between the military and the intrusion of privacy . 
  i 'm also extremely wary of our military-industrial complex ( the `` iron triangle '' as eisenhower put it ) and well aware that its grown far beyond the needs of its intended purpose of protecting its citizenry from threats both foreign and domestic . 
  this tangent of yours is a bit of a non-sequitur . 
  ( edit : i should also add that you are probably unaware that the people most likely to support the military , the conservative right-wing , are also deathly paranoid of government intrusion !, 
  probably because obama 's our president . 
  i know , i know , it does n't make sense . 
  it confuses me too . 
  but this also undermines your hypothesis , sadly . ), 
  i am absolutely in favor of legal protections of pii , or personally identifiable information , and believe that laws in the usa do n't go far enough in protecting the dissemination of said information , as we are forced to `` opt-out '' of the sharing of this kind of information by default . 
  addresses , online behavior patterns , dates of birth and the like should be protected because of the damage that can be done with the abuse of this information , such as falsified credit lines and harassment . 
  i also believe that the method in which our media publishes the identities of * accused * criminals , as opposed to waiting until a conviction is achieved to do so , is quite harmful and stupid . 
  i think you 'll find that my views on this type of protection of privacy are actually very common among many americans . 
  my issue is with an abuse of the system where people are whitewashing references to their past which are factual , already public record , and potentially in the public interest . 
  you make a fundamental error here : it 's not a matter of revealing that which is already concealed ( which is what `` you should n't be worried if you 've got nothing to hide '' directly refers to ) , but of concealing that which is already revealed , and that sets a dangerous precedent for censorship . 
  wait , really ? 
  please explain . 
  because china does force search engines to censor results according to terms . 
  you said it even better than i could have . 
  well , as they say , security by obscurity is not really security . 
  and herein lies the problem : this kind of ruling could be expanded to apply not only to google searches , but to indices of printed newspapers and the like . 
  information that is inconvenient to someone 's interests yet already published in print would be subject to the exact same legal principle . 
  we 're not just talking about things like residence records , but in-depth journalistic articles about , say , * a former executive for merrill-lynch * that may paint them in a negative light . 
  if you 're not already aware of the article 's contents or existence in question , * it would be impossible to search for it in the first place . 
  * also , making it ` harder ' only means that journalism becomes more expensive . 
  this is not a good thing . 
  i mentioned in another comment that certain forms of information , commonly known as pii ( personally identifiable information ) should be subject to privacy policies . 
  in fact , google is incredibly strict about its confidentiality of protected pii and will go to the ends of the earth to keep it that way , even from its own employees . 
  ( i do n't work for them . ), 
  this should not be conflated with things such as comments that you left on blogs , news articles involving you , and so forth . 
  if the politician makes it public interest by such a statement , how does one find out about the veracity of the claim if all mention to it has been erased ? 
  that 's the problem presented here , that it could be too late to verify the politician 's claims if the information was pre-emptively scrubbed from search engines . 
  if this principle were internationally applied . 
  it 's more the principle and the precedent of the matter than anything else . 
  i believe it to be a remarkably short-sighted ruling that 's unaware of the repercussions it may have in the future , particularly in the field of journalism . 
  yes . 
  that would be ` hard ' censorship . 
  but they also seek to obscure it from being seen in the first place , which would be ` soft ' censorship . 
  but the actual data itself remains untouched , especially if it 's outside of china 's reach . 
  what happens if someone expunges this information and then later becomes a person of public interest ? 
   you look at it as an american and americans are extremists . 
  i 'm sorry , all i heard was `` blah blah blah i only know how americans are portrayed as one-dimensional caricatures blah blah blah '' . 
  very intellectually dishonest of you . 
  i do not make blanket ideological statements of europeans and i expect the same courtesy .
