maybe he 's only seen pumpkins while tripping on acid . 
   because concepts like consulting and licensing is too difficult to understand , thus it is a fraud . 
  it is when they 're paying themselves . 
   yeah . 
  everyone should pay for killing innocent people in the middle east . 
  how dare they not support the military-industrial complex ? 
  more dead brown children !, 
   but i also prefer not having to pay protection money to thugs , depends on your country . 
  mine usually pays for stuff like healthcare , roads , electricity , police , courts , research , ambulances , doctors , education , infrastructure , etc , etc ,  the rest . 
  you 've just given up have n't you ? 
  not that i blame you , in fact a large part of me agrees with you . 
  so much of the human race has become apathetic , pathetic , or developed a `` fuck you , got mine '' , attitude that they project on to everyone and themselves . 
  i do n't want to fall into the latter , but i 'm afraid you might have . 
  thing is , if this happens , the greedy win . 
  maybe it 's greed for power , maybe it 's greed for status , maybe ( usually ) it 's greedy for wealth . 
  thing is , i do n't like that , so i wo n't quit . 
  not that i 'm gon na become a hero or politician fighting for a better tommorrow , in fact that 's unlikely with all my personal flaws and lack of drive . 
  but i 'm not raising the white flag , and i sure as shit ai n't adopting their attitude . 
   that 's an unfounded allegation , also , it 's called `` bookkeeping '' , and is what virtually everyone does . 
  mate you already alluded to it yourself . 
   they make money in australia , then they pay their offices in china and california for consulting services , advertisement , actual production items ... and in the end , they get out with very little to no profit in their australia branch - just like they wanted . 
  and my add-on which you skipped :  and millions of dollars in ` licensing ' fees to apple ireland . 
  they 're paying themselves bullshit like `` consulting '' and `` licensing '' to falsify their costs . 
  and so what if many people do it ? 
  they 're arseholes too , and should also be forced to pay their taxes properly . 
   so why do you keep buying ? 
  obviously , the discomfort of not owning their stuff is larger than the discomfort about your so-called government not having racketeered more money out off them . 
  they like the product , and they 're pissed that apple paid zero dollars in taxes , but not pissed enough to start a nationwide boycott . 
  corporations paying nothing is but one of the many issues in the australian election . 
   racketeered ** more ** money out off them . 
  they paid nothing . 
  zeeeerrrooooo . 
  how on earth are you okay with this ? 
  i want to know more about your viewpoint , because at the moment it either infers that you 're rich and greedy , or not , and stupid, 
  this would n't work . 
  every corporation would exclaim from the rooftops that they have to raise their prices by that exact amount and blame the government . 
  there needs to be either an independent commission to get a stranglehold on the bastards , or switch the taxing system to a smaller revenue based percentage for companies pulling in 5-10 + mil in revenue . 
   so what would a `` fair '' share be , and why should a company ( or literally everyone ) be forced to go into the red to appease some slavemasters in the respective country 's capital ? 
  they 're not going into the red . 
  they 're taking measures to falsify what their true costs are , thereby dishonestly and artificially driving down their reported profits . 
   if apple 's payment of australian taxes was so extremely important to the australian customer , he would stop buying apple products in protest . 
  sales figures tell us that is not the case . 
  there 's more than one issue in australia , so of course the entire public is n't talking about it 24/7 . 
  people elect governments to deal with shit like this , and you 're truly daft if you think apple paying less in tax than someone on minimum wage is perfectly fine with australians , or the vast majority of any country 's people , even if they do own apple 's products . 
   they make money in australia , then they pay their offices in china and california for consulting services , advertisement , actual production items ... and in the end , they get out with very little to no profit in their australia branch - just like they wanted . 
  + millions of dollars in ` licensing ' fees to apple ireland . 
  but that 's sort of the point . 
  they 're cheating . 
  they 're not paying their fair share , because they 're paying nothing . 
  so your bullshit whinging about commies is ridiculous . 
   so why is there no public outcry ? 
  maybe australians , when given the choice that their corrupt government does not get more of their money to blow on stupid projects or not having apple products - which arguabely are pretty nice - choose the sensible thing : not giving their government any more of their money . 
  are you seriously delusional enough to think that the reason there is n't more public outcry over this , is because the people want apple to be able to pay zero dollars in tax ? 
  say you 're saying they made no money in australia , is that what you 're trying to tell me . 
  paid zero in australia , and they sure as shit made profit . 
  by where i meant to what country ( s ) . 
  pays tax where ? 
  what do they pay now , 20 % ? 
  so they would pay 2.5 x what they pay now . 
  so that would mean companies like apple would pay , let 's see ... carry the one ... oh wait , 2.5 x 0 is still fucking zero, 
  he was being a little overly and unneccessarily edgy , i agree with you there . 
  i do n't see a problem debating that stuff , but time and place . 
  look , not that i want to get involved in this , since the person you 're responding to brought up the topic out of no where but ...  well , you do n't know the big bang happened we 're reasonably certain given all the evidence uncovered . 
  no we do n't have it on video though . 
   you do n't know where life came from you mean how life and stuff formed ? 
  many theories but no certainty i am aware of . 
  but here 's the main difference . 
  i say `` i do n't know '' . 
  that 's perfectly fine . 
  but when people say `` benevolent sky daddy did it all '' that 's when things become stupid . 
  saying `` well you do n't know it 's wrong '' , is not a justification for jack shit . 
  the burden of proof is n't on me . 
  that 's why people made the `` flying spaghetti monster '' , because it 's just as plausible , and can be justified using all the exact same faulty logic . 
   you take it on faith that men much smarter than you have worked out these things and you take it on faith they are true . 
  is that so different to religion ? 
  it 's not faith . 
  the research is all there . 
  if i wanted to , i could simply look it up for myself , do the studies , and if i had access to the right equipment , perform the tests . 
  that 's not faith . 
  it 's all there for scrutiny , and scientific research demands scrutiny to maintain it 's integrity . 
  it welcomes being proved wrong . 
  religious beliefs do n't hold up to scrutiny however . 
  they demand faith , belief . 
  the second you start picking at it , it all falls apart . 
  fuck me , thought it said australia for a second there . 
  we 've got enough problems as it is . 
  why would he be released in the first place , he tried to kill someone . 
   the suspect fled , fleeing first to sweden then further all the way to turkey , where he was arrested , ** and released to isis a few years later . 
  ** umm , what ? 
  not a single one of my nation 's politicians could find this fuckin country on map , and they still have better internet than us . 
  like hitler , but on a slow burn . 
  oooo sweden you alphas . 
  it 's always the quiet ones is n't it ? 
  it 's the australian way . 
  hey i was n't the one that did the downvoting . 
  i should have clarified . 
  there was an attempt to do so , what with russian military forces and hardware moving in and fucking things up . 
  they succeeded in the end , obviously . 
  and why on earth would a poll conducted in a region that just got violently annexed be trusted ? 
  as for your annecdote , i do n't see what you 're on about .
