  do the british hate the french more than the germans ? 
  honest question because i really doubt it . 
  i thought this is / r/europe ;-), 
  we 'll have [ raclette ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raclette#dish ) . 
  the daily mail is not a reliable source . 
  yes !, 
  deutsches museum in munich and technik museum sinsheim are both awesome . 
  germany : * wattenmeer * bavarian alps * berlin * n\u00fcrburgring nordschleife * hamburg or munich or cologne, 
  i hoped it was horse sized . 
  i have worked with several romanian people in the last 20 years here in germany and they were always very pleasant people . 
  coke in red wine can be awesome . 
  it has to be [ this fine version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yb2ar.jpg ) , though . 
  hitler 's preferred breakfast was milk and cookies . 
  i am serious . 
  it 's because of the trauma and because schools are the center of the society . 
  those people want to hurt the community and schools are a place where everyone of the community has a relation to . 
  i did n't think about that . 
  she got killed by her own guns which she bought legally . 
  please do n't confuse us with facts . 
  the constitution only allows the german army to have defense capabilities . 
  this constitution was highly influenced , if not written , by the allies who won world war 2 . 
  that 's why we can support turkey with a rocket defense or the troops in the mediterranean sea with intelligence from planes but do n't have the capability to send an attacking force . 
  germany has already abolished conscription . 
  there are several thousand german soldiers in afghanistan . 
  there are german troops in kosovo and there are german troops in the mediterranian sea supporting nato . 
  now we are sending troops to turkey to support nato with patriot rockets . 
  what you are wishing for is already happening . 
  the fact that conscription got abolished recently means that it will only go further in this direction . 
  the bundeswehr might lack some capabilities but it is in no way an army `` not capable of fighting '' . 
  we will be criticized either way . 
  if it 's too weak we will get criticized , if it 's strong the rest of the world will go apeshit . 
  i prefer it to be criticized for a weak military , less people die that way . 
  i just tried to be funny . 
  of course that did n't work , me being german . 
  watch porn and masturbate furiously before going to the beach next time . 
  this will help you reducing the staring time to an appropriate 3 seconds . 
  it was more of a summer festival with barbecue and music and so on and the `` fashion show '' was more of a minor point of the whole event . 
  as you obviously know west-germans are no prudes but this was really something else :-) i have never been in the englischer garten in munich myself but it 's quite famous for public nudity and i am fine with that . 
  personal anecdote : i was raised in west-germany . 
  in 1990 shortly after the wall was teared down we visited family friends for the first time in the east . 
  we went to a summer festival which happened to have some kind of fashion show . 
  at the end of this fashion show several very pretty girls walked up and down the catwalk butt naked in high heels . 
  although i was raised liberally it was some kind of unexpected culture shock and 13 years old me was really excited , haha . 
  agreed . 
  do n't stare like a perv and everything is fine . 
  this seems to be a non-issue here in germany , especially in the eastern part . 
  tits are evreywhere and nobody cares . 
  of course you will have a look if you encounter a exceptional fine specimen but apart from teenage boys nobody stares at them . 
  nobody cares , honestly . 
  women who do n't want to be seen topless keep their top on or go to isolated beaches . 
  just do n't mention the war at the concert . 
  a man can dream ... 
  and they all have ( borderline ) racist politicians and wear funny hats . 
   before then german was the land of music , philosophy and the roots of the english language . 
  it still is which does n't change the fact that the british hate us now . 
  thanks , ~ ~ obama ~ ~ hitler . 
  austria has it 's own bavaria . 
  never thought of it that way . 
   does the heroinist steal because he wants to and is a bad person or because he suffers from an addiction . 
  just the same you can ask yourself if someone likes giving several blowjobs/day and have sex with various men because she is a slut , or maybe if one should try to help her/him because something is not right . 
  people who are addicted to heroin have already proven that they do n't care about the law . 
  if they need money they will prostitute themself if it is illegal or not . 
  i agree that these people need help , but making prostitution illegal does n't help them in the slightest . 
   but i am sure you can find someone who says they chooses it . 
  speak to them for a while though , and you will discover that their choices were very limited . 
  i think in countries where prostitution is legal you can find out that almost all of the women choose to do it on their own . 
  even if their `` choices are very limited '' how does it help to limit it even more ? 
  prostitutes are not victims by default . 
  many of them enjoy the job or enjoy the money or both . 
   i am on my phone , so i ca n't link , but i have no statistic over the violence against prostitutes in de/swe but i have n't heard that it is less , which it should be with your logic . 
  just because you think this is the case does n't make it true . 
  if you can show me facts about this i will believe you but until then this is just worthless speculation . 
  also , why should men be especially violent to prostitutes ? 
  men that are respectful to other women like waitresses or whatever wo n't turn violent just because they meet a prostitute . 
   what i do know is that more men ( since men are the bulk of the buyers ) visits prostitutes in germany compared to sweden , thus continuing a cycle of ( self ) abuse for the prostitute . 
  again , legal prostitution is not abuse . 
  the women here in germany do this on their own will . 
  they get their health checked every other week , pay taxes and if someone does n't treat them right they can call the police and even sue . 
  they are protected by the law . 
   but then there should be less violence against prostitutes in germany for example , then sweden , but i do not think that is the case . 
  do you just think that or do you have any facts ? 
   also , the very fact that you might have been abused by your foster parent / dad / boyfriend which eventually drove you to the street does n't change whether is legal or not . 
  to think all prostitues have been abused by their foster parents is delusional , sorry . 
   and i also think that people who buy prostitutes , legal or not should admit that they ( even if they pay them and not rape them ) are contributing to this cycle of ( self ) abuse . 
  sex between consenting adults is not abuse and exchanging money or gifts or whatever for it does n't change that . 
  just one of many examples why prostitution should be legal and regulated : if a prostitute gets threatened or raped or prostituted against her will she can call the police . 
  if it 's illegal she does n't have this opportunity without incriminating herself . 
  same goes for male prostitutes of course . 
  everyone in europe should help greece , including germany . 
  also , frequent nazi jokes . 
  they really like that in vienna . 
  right , who does n't remember the notorious teeth inspections at european borders . 
  keep up being awesome , romania . 
  also , next time you help us invading russia hold the fucking front line . 
  thank you for your submission !, 
  unfortunately , it has been removed . 
  this submission has been removed for editorialization , because the title is n't the original title or a summary of the page linked , but instead expresses the opinion of the poster . 
  in the future , refrain from using this practice . 
  the proper place for expressing your opinion is the comment area . 
  feel free to resubmit the content in accordance with the rules .
