  if you want to submit something to / r/europe in a different language than english you must provide at least a short summarized translation in the comment section . 
  otherwise to few people can understand it and it is of low value to the community . 
  do n't forget to bring your flag . 
  thanks , 
  over 3200 comments could be a new / r/europe record . 
  i honestly did n't expect this thread getting so popular . 
  in fact i was mentally prepared for getting downvoted and ridiculed . 
  everything went better than expected . 
  next time i will be more attentive for checkboxes . 
  i learned it the hard way today . 
  100 seems to be the maximum . 
  well fuck you too , italy . 
  if you base your political agenda on `` whites becoming the minority in 100 years '' then yes , i think you are driven by unreasonable fear . 
  so many unpredictable things will happen until then that this statement is nothing more then a claim based on pessimism and fear . 
  this thread really took of . 
  eurovision is more popular than people like to admit . 
  i 'm still glad it 's over because we can move on and listen to [ proper music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qje3cdm7f1c ) now . 
  good night / r/europe and thanks for the entertaining hours . 
  it 's calming down . 
  only about 35-40 messages per minute right now . 
  temporarily . 
  or did i miss something ? 
  unreasonable fear seems to be the major force behind racism . 
  which country in europe , besides the uk , speaks english as a first language ? 
  language is actually a great example of how far germans have moved from a nationalistic attitude . 
  german is by far the most spoken first language in europe . 
  have you ever heard someone speaking german at eurovision ? 
  have you ever heard of a politician demanding making german the official language in the european parliament ? 
  no , because it did n't happen . 
  victory is ours . 
  go germany !, 
  giant penises and flamethrowers at eurovision would be a major improvement . 
  you seem to have some major insecurity issues . 
  [ romania ? 
  the singer is of british descent which means she gets away with trying to take over the world . 
  also , [ a new personal record . 
  eurovision on 52 weekends of the year . 
  [ this is really getting out of hand ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ni1zzo0.png ) , who thought this feature set as default is a good idea ? 
  in germany it 's the same tv commentator for what seems like an eternity . 
  he does n't moderate any other show , just once a year the eurovision song contest . 
  if you hear his voice you instantly know what show is on tv . 
  what this event needs is more rammstein . 
  one of the mysterious reasons is probably calling people gay as an insult . 
  these kind of remarks do n't add any value to a discussion and to the community as a whole , in fact they are accomplishing the opposite . 
  controversial opinions are welcome and tolerated in r/europe , homophobic or racist remarks are not . 
  if there are two hosts , one male and one female , both in their mid 30s , both very good looking and both speak at least 5 different languages . 
  is n't ireland by far the record winner of eurovision ? 
  the group is n't that bad for this kind of event . 
  they even had number one hits in britain and another country . 
  just why did they copy the winning song from last year ? 
  why did n't they at least copy one of their own succesful songs ? 
  if there is some kind of flash-mob to fill the gap between the music acts and the vote-announcements . 
  if the french celebrity who announces the points speaks french instead of english like the rest of europe . 
  totally forgot that every single parent comment goes directly into my inbox . 
  [ what have i done ? 
  have fun then . 
  the article is misleading because that 's not how it happened . 
  will do if i watch it . 
  i 'm considering to watch the final on saturday . 
  maybe we can make a thread for it [ like last year ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/u6b2e/official_eurovision_thread/ ) . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  this question ca n't be serious . 
  the people were not killed to rob them and not because of personal disputes . 
  they were targeted because they were immigrants . 
  that 's why the neo-nazi part is especially relevant . 
  i am neither for nor against it . 
  culture is constantly changing , it has ever been this way . 
  sometimes faster , sometimes slower . 
  some things stay , some do n't . 
  if immigrants bring parts of their culture and people like to adopt it it 's fine with me . 
  as long as certain principles that are important to me ( human dignity , separation of church and state and such things ) are n't touched i am not afraid of it . 
  i did not take these pictures myself . 
  the last one is taken from the siegess\u00e4ule . 
  left and right is the tiergarten and the road leads to the brandenburg gate . 
  the skating looks like fun but being on the water in a boat is even better . 
  i would love to have a boat , maybe even one to live on . 
  sleeping while being rocked by the waves has to be awesome . 
  wow , that 's a lot of water . 
  do many people have their own boat ? 
  just read up on it and it says the french wanted it to get blown up after wwii but the other allies were against it . 
  the pipes are for pumping the groundwater into the river spree . 
  you can read up on it [ here ] ( http://robertherrmann.wordpress.com/2012/01/20/the-fancy-tubes-of-berlin/ ) . 
  yes , but i still love these pics . 
  the second one is from the festival of lights so the train station does n't look always like this . 
  sadly . 
  well , i admit this is a stupid and borderline insulting comment . 
  communication this way has to stop if we want to solve the problems together . 
  did he really say that ? 
  i agree that this would be insulting but i have n't heard of him saying this . 
  can you give me a link for this ? 
   people started to get pissed at germany and this is exactly what i am talking about . 
  of course there are people who make offensive statements , but why not get pissed at them instead of an entire nation ? 
  about 40 % voted for our chancellor , that means 60 % did n't . 
  if you get pissed at an entire nation you do the same what you are others accusing of . 
  i am sorry you feel that way . 
  when i speak from my personal experience , in my circle of friends and my family there is nobody who calls anyone lazy or pigs . 
  this is yellow press bullshit . 
  of course there is a certain kind of demographic who reads and believes this shit but it 's not the majority , far from it . 
   i , for one , would love to watch them fall so basically you are wishing for others what you accuse them of wishing for you . 
  this does n't make any sense and does n't help anybody .
