  did the guy survive this ? 
  until now i thought i was blocking a high amount of subreddits ... 
  they declared the ravens `` world champions '' today after they won the super bowl . 
  europe needs it 's own foreign legion . 
  an entire army made up of non eu citizens that fight for our causes . 
  americans , aussies , swiss and so on . 
  that would be fun . 
  i guess you mean [ this pic ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17i9ht/what_really_happened_in_the_netherlands/ ) that i submitted today . 
  it got deleted without any explanation which is in my opinion a very poor way to handle it . 
  there are no rules in the sidebar that a contributer could follow so ** it would be nice to at least get an explanation ** why a submission gets deleted . 
  did the mods delete it ? 
  i read that chart wrongly . 
  you are right . 
   it 's almost like it 's a country of millions of people , each with their own views that are n't necessarily held by every other fellow countryman . 
  that 's why you have an elected goverment to make decisions . 
  me neither , haha . 
  but 16 % seems like an awful lot . 
  if we had that much growth over the last years i would have heard of it . 
  i agree that germany gains a lot , but is it really the most ? 
  what about poland for example ? 
  edit : poland gains 16 % of it 's gdp by payments from the eu . 
  i really doubt the german advantage is that big . 
  i only listen to podcasts in situations where i ca n't read , when i 'm walking to the supermarket or when i ride the subway for example . 
  the alternativlos podcast is so well researched and presented that if you really like the topic there is no way you wo n't listen until the very end of the episode . 
  there is an very informative alternativlos podcast about drones where they talk about all the implications armed drones will bring in the future . 
  not sure if you listen to podcasts , but if you do you should give this one a listen : http://alternativlos.org/27/, 
  maybe you 'll find some readers in these subreddits : * / r/lanl _ german * / r/germany * / r/travel * / r/iwantout, 
  you totally missed the point . 
  what has barack obama to do with this ? 
  so many negative nancys in this thread . 
  it 's at least worth a try . 
  this is a nice reminder of how fragile civilization really is . 
  huge steps in the backwards direction can happen really fast . 
  50 years of not killing each other . 
  a new record . 
  honorary europeans . 
  sadly i am no master of rhetoric . 
  in hindsight i should have worded it better :-), 
  that 's true , but it 's even harder to do this with the conscripted sons of your voters . 
  i am no expert but i have changed my personal opinion on this matter in the last decade . 
  i think if you really want to have an army to defend your country a mandatory military service is the way to go . 
  only if you want to have a highly specialized force that you can deploy to the other end of the world within days you need a `` professional '' army . 
  if you watch closely what happened to the us armed forces since the vietnam war you can also see another effect of this . 
  while average people got drafted to fight in vietnam there were actually huge protests against this war . 
  people actually cared about it . 
  now that the army is 100 % volunteers the protests have vanished . 
  nobody cares about the people who signed a contract to join the armed forces for money . 
  exactly . 
  this is a smart decision . 
  a 100 % volunteer army makes it easy for politicians to engage in unnecessary conflicts . 
   the only country that is both politically and economically benefiting eu what is this supposed to mean ? 
  does n't poland benefit big time so far ? 
  are you proud of this bullshit behaviour ? 
  i do n't know , can you elaborate ? 
   the more you tell us we must do something , the more we decide to do the opposite whether that be in our interests or not . 
  if this is true you are easy to manipulate . 
  did n't you read the news of the last two weeks ? 
  i already admitted in an other comment that i worded this badly . 
  english is my second language and i am not very eloquent . 
  here is what i wrote to clear up what i actually wanted to bring across :  i did not mean to be insulting and worded my comment badly . 
  what i basically wanted to say is that britain is used to having the final say in all decisions . 
  the only `` unions '' britain ever joined were of such a nature that britain had the final say . 
  this does n't work with the european union . 
  my opinion is that if it could work that way , if britain were allowed to have the final say in all decisions they would join in a heartbeat . 
   i think overall your assessment is incredibly simplistic yes , i admit that . 
  i could be wrong of course but i am of the opinion that the reasons are simpler than they occur . 
  i did not mean to be insulting and worded my comment badly . 
  what i basically wanted to say is that britain is used to having the final say in all decisions . 
  the only `` unions '' britain ever joined were of such a nature that britain had the final say . 
  this does n't work with the european union . 
  my opinion is that if it could work that way , if britain were allowed to have the final say in all decisions they would join in a heartbeat . 
   to go from ` never conquered ' to ` has to listen to what france and belgium say ' that 's what i wanted to imply when i commented :  in the past every `` union '' england joined they took over the leading role . 
  within the eu they can only be an equal partner . 
  nothing wrong with earning money , even lots of it . 
  but inequality is very bad for a society , so the profits of the rich should n't get out of hand when the rest of the country is getting poorer . 
   also , the antipathy from the rest of europe towards britain ( heartily on display in this thread ) almost 100 % of the commenters want britain to join . 
  i want britain in the eu . 
  it 's for the benefit of everyone involved . 
  in my opinion most brits know that they would benefit from it but there is an unhealthy pride left from the colonial days that makes them hesitate . 
  in the past every `` union '' england joined they took over the leading role . 
  within the eu they can only be an equal partner . 
  if the eu would adopt the pound for example and print the face of the queen on every bill like canada and australia do it would be easier for them but i doubt that will happen . 
  this is getting [ better and better ] ( http://i.imgur.com/je3op.gif ) . 
  you should check out this subreddit : / r/dokumentationen, 
  camp ? 
  i learned a new word today . 
   just please do n't assume that all portuguese are grammar nazis . 
  from now on i will . 
  never in my life have i given a present to a doctor and never have i seen anyone else doing so . 
  maybe to the nurses after a long hospital stay , but never to a doctor . 
  it 's interesting that we need to reach a certain threshold of intelligence to rape for fun . 
  same goes for commiting suicide . 
  / r/europe has a bigger overlap with / r/niggers than r/de ? 
  does that mean austerity works ? 
  starting it and fighting several world powers at once . 
  just not in winning it . 
  as long as we are better in football i do n't care losing the occasional war and having no sense of humor whatsoever . 
   it 's difficult to take the piss out of germany when they are better than you at everything . 
  except war . 
  did you just break character ?
