  i think the condition is a member country getting attacked on it 's own soil . 
  i do n't get it . 
  this is one of the comment threads where we downvote each other because of all teh emotions . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  what did he scream ? 
  i could not understand it . 
  i ca n't believe religion is becoming such a big issue again here in europe . 
   tolerance and sharia everywhere this statement almost made my head explode . 
  you have to `` register '' a child within one week after it 's birth in germany . 
  as long as the majority does n't fall for their stupid ideas and their protests are non-violent i do n't see a serious downside of it . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  there is not a single negative thing about freedom i could think of . 
  you have to have serious brain damage to protest freedom . 
  it 's kind of weird that the official language of europe is from the only country that does n't want to be a part of it . 
  you are right , i confused protests with strikes . 
  german police are not allowed to protest . 
  so close . 
  norwegian is missing also . 
  would be really interesting to see what the stats for norwegian - english translations are because those always seemed pretty well translated to me . 
  seems to be a bot . 
  what job ? 
  i did not know it 's this old , just discovered it today . 
  my bad . 
  i crossposted it to / r/italy but from the amount of downvotes it got i get the impression they do n't enjoy laughing about themself :-), 
  to be honest i paid more attention to what the pupils and teachers said than what the voiceover and the rather poor translated subtitles said . 
  many of the scenes strike me as authentic . 
  especially the two scenes where teachers are talking . 
  i have a hard time to believe they were in on the hoax also . 
  still , i did not make this report and maybe you are right and it 's just propaganda . 
  the report was aired on spiegel tv which is a center left media outlet . 
  at which part of the video are stones involved because i seem to have missed it ? 
  edit : after rewatching it i can say for sure that not a single stone gets thrown in the video . 
  are you sure they mean this particular video because nobody is throwing stones in there ? 
  if this is true i will lose a lot of trust in spiegel tv . 
  i always thought of them as a reliable source . 
  this is what the english wiki says :  in the school year 2009/2010 , the r\u00fctli school was integrated into a new school , the 1 . 
  gemeinschaftsschule , along with several classes from a nearby elementary school and a realschule . 
  ninety percent of the students today are of a non-german background . 
  the school is in a period of reform which includes the introduction of new school programs , building of new facilities , and renovation of classrooms . 
  the school has three gyms , a school kitchen , four pc rooms , an arts-studio , a chemistry lab , a physics lab , a wood and metal shop , and a music room . 
  a museum informs visitors about the school 's past . 
  this report is no right wing propaganda . 
  at the time it was made , at this particular school , integration had failed . 
  there is absolutely no way to sugercoat it . 
  it looks much better now and this school does n't have these problems anymore . 
  it 's a report by spiegel tv . 
  the video is from 2006 . 
  additional information : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r%c3%bctli_school, 
  here is my favorite stand-up appearance of him : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnncqamzzta . 
  he seems to be on a mission to refute the stereotype of germans having no sense of humour and he does it quite well . 
  he lives in britain for 9 years . 
  she is a gifted artist and her artwork is probably closer to how jesus really looked than the version before ... 
  my impression from news articles is that this minority is pretty vocal . 
  also sometimes grafitties and stickers give this impression , too . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that the majority hates the tourists ? 
  i understand and i know it 's a lot of money . 
  still hungary is the country where you need to invest the smallest amount of money to become a resident of the eu . 
  in the us you have to invest a few million if i am not mistaken . 
   these protests represent those of a small minority this is true . 
  but the small minority is very vocal . 
  you can buy citizenship legally by investing money . 
  in hungary you only need to invest a few 100k $ and become a eu citizen . 
  / r/history, 
  french police always wears funny hats . 
   football culture in uk and germany are completely different could you elaborate that difference ? 
  what , naomi wolf writing ? 
  nothing wrong with protesting in a democracy as long as it does n't get violent . 
  i 'm sure germany would go with that . 
  i do n't think the people who incite these riots are the ones who depend on the aid . 
  the day he stops smoking is the day he stops breathing . 
   you ca n't expect kind treating after killing millions of people . 
  who ? 
  barsoap ? 
  he should move to greece , they could use the tax money . 
  one more reason for equal taxation in europe . 
  because fascism worked so well the last time it got tried ... 
   but , even as a german , i feel the instant `` deactivation '' of all nuclear power , just because of fukushima , was a grave mistake . 
  this never happened . 
  there are many nuclear plants still running for another decade . 
  shame on you . 
   let the renewables pick up the slack as the nukes go offline . 
  that would have been my wish also . 
  i never voted for the christion democrats who now hold the power and made this decision . 
  still , i think it is very important for a country like germany to make a decision and lead the way into renewable energy . 
  maybe it does n't work , then we all know better at germany 's cost . 
  if it works , it will be a positive example for all of the world . 
  i am myself conflicted on this . 
  i 'm a big supporter of rewnewables but i am not a hater of nuclear energy per se . 
  in my opinion this is a big experiment . 
  either it 's a big success or it 's a failure . 
  germany does ** a lot ** to save the enviroment . 
  we are only resposible for about 4 % of the pollution and i just do n't understand all this hate for giving it a try . 
  if it succeeds everyone will profit from it , if not , maybe we are responsible for 5 % of the pollution . 
  the future will show . 
  if you take a look at the list of [ countries by carbon dioxide emissions per capita ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions_per_capita ) you will see that germany is only on place 37 . 
  far behind the us and several european countries . 
  before you hate on germany for turning to rewnewbales there are 37 other countries to direct your hate on . 
  edit : why exactly are you guys downvoting me ? 
  i even provided a source for my claims .
