  is that true ? 
  unbelievable what obscene amounts of money some people have at hand . 
  ask the greek . 
   berlusconi should pay a restitution of little more than 500 million euros can he really pay it ? 
  will he really pay it ? 
  how about we make icelandic the official language of europe ? 
  everyone has to learn it from scratch , that would be hilarious . 
   i downvote any top comment with an american flair . 
  to me this does n't sound like he makes exceptions . 
  what if it 's just an american living in europe ? 
  there is no food i hate more than zucchini . 
  my dad loves it and the smell alone made me vomit since i can remember . 
  sorry if that hurts any italian feelings because i love you guys , just not this disgusting vegetable . 
  things i like about italy : gelato , especially [ spaghettieis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spaghettieis ) . 
  that song was popular at a time when i did n't listen to any radio stations at all , lucky me . 
  they look so happy . 
  [ i 'm sorry ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp9wp6qvbsk ), 
  these are even worse than the german election posters . 
  i did n't know this was possible . 
  done . 
  i will send her a postcard from berlin if you pm me the address . 
   that 's because we respect freedom of speech in all it 's forms . 
  no matter how much dislike , or disagree with it . 
  except if someone says `` tits '' on public tv . 
  that 's going to far and must be censored . 
   actually , a small minority wanted reunification . 
  that 's news to me . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
   also they could n't contain themselves to attack france because that 's what bigots do . 
  there is a french guy right next to the greek guy . 
  i ca n't take jourmalists seriously if they use the word `` evil '' to describe something . 
  it 's sad how small and irrelevant the german subreddits still are despite german being the second most spoken language on reddit . 
  edit : / r/germany has a [ remarkable distribution ] ( http://www.redditanalytics.com/dev/view.php?minimumcomments=10?subreddit=germany ) . 
  ~ ~ the link only works if you delete the two asterisks at the end . ~ ~ edit : fixed, 
  the ` special relationship ' goes through ups and downs depending on if the us gets what it wants . 
  i agree that germany should take more responsibility , just not with the military . 
  i do n't want to see german fighter planes attacking foreign countries and i certainly do n't want us to attack foreign countries with cruise missiles . 
  we are in a very unique position because of our past , the german people are very pacifistic and the rest of the world does n't expect us to lead military campaigns . 
  we should try to break new ground and use our power and influence in positive ways . 
  we could send hospital ships to syria for example , provide them with food and medicine and take in more refugees . 
  we could help third world countries to develop a renewable energy infrastructure without making a profit . 
  we could establish a task force for desaster relief . 
  highly trained specialists with the best equipment that can be transferred to any place in the world within 24 hours to help people in disaster zones . 
  there are so many possibilities to lead by positive example that we are capable of , we just need to do it . 
  i believe without a doubt that it felt good . 
  i always watch them on cigarette breaks when i go outsides on the street and i am always alone in that situation . 
  it makes me especially angry because these tourists come to berlin , a very safe place in general , and after they went home again they will tell their friends how they got scammed in germany . 
  i watch them every day and they are doing it a bit different now . 
  there are always 7 people involved , they dress like tourists and if you see it the first time it 's hard to know they are scammers but because i see them every single day i now know how it works . 
  two of them are standing on the other side of the road watching for the police , if police arrives they warn the others in advance so they almost never get caught . 
  one of them shuffles the cups and four of them pretend to be tourists who play the game . 
  they play with 50 euro bills and of course the `` pretend-tourists '' win all the time . 
  it only takes seconds until real tourists stand there and watch them , and there is always an idiot who thinks he or she can win , too . 
  of course the real tourist loses every fucking time , immidiatly after someone loses one of the involved people plays and wins . 
  for outsiders it seems like it was just bad luck but for everyone else it is totally clear what is happening . 
  two weeks ago and older american woman played and lost two times , the third time she guessed the right cup but they took her money anyways . 
  i watched it and was filled with rage but i am too much of a coward to do anything about it . 
  as i said , they are 7 people and i am alone . 
  it pisses me of to no end . 
  what ? 
  is this a contest ? 
  how original . 
  i am working in the center of berlin and i see them every day . 
  they are targetting tourists and try to scam them . 
  it makes me rage but there is nothing i can do about it . 
  i removed your submission because you editoralized the title . 
  feel free to resubmit it with the original headline . 
  i removed your submission because you editoralized the title . 
  feel free to resubmit it with the original headline . 
   so , what is he going to do next time the greeks need a bailout ? 
  let them fail ? 
  better read the article before commenting on it . 
   however , there will be one exception -- greece itself, 
  i think they both care , there is just not much they can do about it . 
  germany ca n't stand up against the us alone . 
  a united europe could . 
  maybe that 's one of the most important duties of europe in the near future . 
  the difference here is between promoting and restricting . 
  speaking up for equal rights for a specific group of people is fine , trying to restrict the rights of a specific group is not . 
  i only `` despise '' other countries when the world cup comes around . 
  one at a time and it 's all forgotten when tournament is over . 
  depends on who is doing the fucking . 
  it was more than 10 years ago . 
  you seem to be really hurt by the current situation . 
  try to stay cool headed and do n't become a bigot yourself . 
  europe could be powerful and influental enough to stand up to the us , but only if we do this united 100 % . 
  as long as only one of the countries does n't stand behind the rest of europe we are fucked . 
  a nice example is the invasion of iraq . 
  the us goverment did everything they could to get a country from mainland europe to join them in the invasion . 
  they succeded by `` convinvcing '' poland to send just 200 soldiers to iraq . 
  after that rumsfeld talked about the `` old europe '' and the now more important `` new europe '' . 
  they fucked us over by dividing us . 
  i 'm sure the older redditors remember this . 
   all newspapers complied except the guardian . 
  a free press does not work for the goverment . 
  they do n't have to obey orders , that 's the whole point of it . 
  it frightens me how many people do n't seem to understand this simple yet important concept . 
   the public actually do n't want a free press any more wow , just wow . 
  switching to linux is on the top of my to-do list . 
  i use my computer almost exclusively to browse the web and listen to music anyways and the whole spying scandal is the last straw for me .
