  i think the biggest factor is language . 
  being able to watch the same movies , tv series and listen to the same songs goes a long way . 
   that said i think you underestimate the closeness with france , italy , germany , poland , etc. 
  i agree . 
  especially the cultural influence of german immigrants gets undervalued because of that massive fuck-up 70 years ago . 
   the couple have looked after yunus since he was five months what kind of `` cultural background '' does a 5 month old have ? 
  seriously . 
  a child does n't care about religion or language , it needs to be loved and cared for , that 's what is important . 
  less than 100 years ago our goverment was * literally * hitler . 
  disabled people , people of foreign descent or women being part of the goverment would have been unthinkable . 
  gay people like our foreign minister would have been sent to a concentration camp . 
  that 's what i meant with `` changed for the better '' . 
  in this case he is paraplegic because he can still use his arms . 
  thanks for explaining the difference . 
  you could be right . 
  i am not familiar with these terms . 
  i wo n't deny that . 
  when i do n't have food in the fridge and get really hungry i do stupid things like going to mcdonalds . 
  i 'm really unreasonable when the hunger kicks in . 
  the minister of finance is a quadriplegic , the vice chancellor is of vietnamese descent and the chancellor is a woman . 
  times have really changed for the better in germany . 
  probably business people or lobbyists we never heard of . 
  i have the same problem . 
  ca n't throw away any food and end up eating way more than i should . 
  i did not know this . 
  if the share allows it in general it does n't depend on how you buy it as far as i know . 
  it 's not much that goes to brokers if you buy it online . 
  well fed , cranked up on heroin and lots of free time . 
  i 'm considering this career path . 
  that 's not a downside but an opportunity for them to think about their lifes and maybe start doing something worthwhile . 
  he is the richest man of italy and controls a bigger part of the media . 
   what was the point of asking such a question ? 
  probably to get some `` outrageous '' answers to publish . 
  750g of chicken wings without side dishes washed down with beer . 
  yes , i 'm fat and single . 
  i do n't care . 
  why create a [ nomination thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/196bah/reurope_new_mods_nominations/ ) if you do n't care about the nominations and opinions ? 
  that 's what i do n't get . 
  i admit that i 'm a bit confused about this whole nomination process but i still want to thank everybody who nominated and supported me . 
  good luck to the new mods , may this fine subreddit become even better in the future . 
  okay , maybe i worded this a bit badly . 
  i hope everyone in the world is well off enough to have a good life . 
  i do n't want anyone to live in poverty or to suffer , no matter where he or she is from . 
  i just think capitalism also needs a healthy dose of competition . 
  this has nothing to do with `` dirty foreigners '' . 
  it 's about healthy competition , capitalism if you so want . 
  how are small countries like germany , france or the uk , with 80 million inhabitants at max supposed to compete with china or india who have more than a billion people ? 
  intersting question . 
  seems like he got caught by the secret police before he could answer it , though . 
  from my cold sticky hands . 
  and that 's one of the main reasons we need to strengthen our alliances , and why the uk needs the eu . 
  without unity we will be irrelevant in a few decades . 
  the funny thing is that google has a 96 % market share in germany , more than anywhere else in the world . 
  why chrome does n't catch on i have no idea . 
   enjoy architecture and museums , and we like eating out ( but we 're not loaded ) berlin it is then . 
  lots of museums and history , good restaurants and everything is at least 25 % cheaper than in the other big german cities . 
  that wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  he won the nobel peace price . 
  what a role model . 
  google has 96 % market share in germany , more than anywhere else in the world . 
  no way they want to miss out on that . 
  literally . 
  banning consensual prostitution is wrong on many levels and it 's one of the few instances where sweden 's politics should not serve as an example . 
   or it could be that this is an effective summary of the wider german view . 
  if any germans are reading i would be interested to hear if this was the case . 
  if you want to know if the majority of germans think of berlusconi as a dangerous clown then i can confirm this for you . 
  there are serious concerns that he will fuck it up again and not only italy but all of europe has to suffer the consequences . 
  finnish because it looks funny in written form . 
  thanks , uat2d . 
  as i said before i would be glad to help and support / r/europe as a moderator . 
  i think i have enough experience and am level headed enough to handle it but on the other hand i am not a native english speaker which is an undeniable downside . 
  given that 98.8 % of austria voted for the anschluss i guess that means i am less popular than hitler . 
  thanks obama . 
  by the way , the anon activist from the podcast mentions this episode and highly recommends it . 
  thanks for linking it . 
   i 'm learning german as a fourth language right now maybe these subreddits will interest you then : * / r/dokumentationen ( german language documentaries ) * / r/de _ podcasts ( german language podcasts ) * / r/germanmovies ( german language movies ) * / r/lanl _ german ( learning german subreddit ), 
  thanks , mondlicht . 
  i feel honored by your nice words . 
  i would be very glad if i could help and support / r/europe as a moderator . 
  * it 's, 
  if you speak german i highly recommend listening to [ this podcast ] ( http://www.wrint.de/2013/01/24/wr142-ortsgesprach-anon-magnum-wg-scientology/ ) . 
  an anon activist talks about scientology , it 's very informative and entertaining at the same time . 
  yes , but you need the economy first , immigrants second . 
  the internet in general and reddit in particular does a very good job in bringing the people together . 
  as a german i am only funny on accident , like in this case . 
  agreed . 
  people should have the choice of course . 
  i know , just wanted to participate in the conversation . 
  we do n't do that anymore . 
  we are nice and sensitive now . 
  also the british wo n't have to learn a foreign language . 
  i love burgers and eat them all the time . 
  i 'm also extremly overweight by german standards . 
  that worked pretty well , the pissing off part at least . 
  no biggie . 
  wait ... 
  i do n't know where that stereotype of the harmless and always apologizing canadian comes from , certainly not from germany , 
  we have traditional foods that have sauerkraut as a side dish , the foods that you eat when you visit your mom once or twice a year , but in everyday food sauerkraut just does n't exist . 
  i think that 's the most popular beer in germany . 
  yes .
