  maybe that 's a good idea for the next posting . 
  lesser known but awesome foods from european countries . 
  not blaming you , this is indeed an interesting thread . 
  it 's just the hivemind that sometimes gets too emotional about opinions and downvotes perfectly relevant comments en masse . 
  all comments mentioning british food as the worst are downvoted into oblivion . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  `` please tell us your honest opinion so we can downvote you . '', 
  that 's sadly how it works in these kind of threads . 
  very well said . 
  italian and austrian food is the best , english food is the worst . 
  at night . 
   `` to work less so that all may work , '' that is the basic principal . 
  this is the only long term solution for all first world countries as all physical labour gets more and more automated . 
  nice asshole , cyprus . 
  this is the next nail in the coffin of the fdp . 
  people hate tax evaders , and rightly so . 
  comment from the article :  i love my circumcised penis . 
  it is so easy to clean and more fun to look at and play with . 
  i highly recommend the practice of cutting the junk off the junk . 
  how does he know it 's ** more ** fun to play with ? 
  it 's not like he can relate . 
  it 's far more complex . 
  judgette , a female judge . 
  i will never understand why people get downvoted for asking questions . 
  or cutting of the earlobes . 
  why do n't you explain it to us ? 
   indicent exposure that sounds so british . 
   germans commonly commit suicide in a particularly vicious passive-aggressive manner : jumping in front of a train . 
  that does n't happen in the us ; people are polite and simply shoot themselves . 
  my favorite observation . 
  yes . 
  do n't people learn anything from history ? 
  so many bad stereotypes and accusations . 
  these are some the most disturbing comments i ever read on r/europe . 
  i 'm always careful with television series . 
  if you find a good one you have to watch all episodes which takes a lot of time . 
  maybe i should make an exception in this case . 
  who is littlefinger and why does he have a brothel in malta ? 
   performed by do n't leave us hanging ... 
  et tu r/europe ? 
  seems like greece has the right ideas ( legalizing prostitution ) but problems to enforce it . 
  do n't the prostitutes get tested on a regular basis on greece ? 
  if she honestly regrets and apologizes she should not be banned in my opinion . 
  why does croatia not belong to southeastern europe ? 
  maybe you get better answers in / r/askscience, 
  while this is definitely an interesting link it has absolutely nothing to do with this discussion . 
  have a downvote . 
  yes . 
  so many errors ... 
  no , he mentioned it because it 's yellow . 
  that 's dedication . 
  i 'm not nationalistic by any means but reading the english translation brought tears to my eyes . 
  i do n't know why , but it 's the truth . 
  first comment on a germany related submission is about hitler . 
  that 's a new record . 
  literally !, 
  you left the fatherland ? 
  right , how could i miss that . 
  also : living in germany . 
  i hope so because i ca n't see any similarities between andrewsmith1986 and myself . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  very similar things happen in berlin every day . 
  so glad our fascist times lie behind and not ahead of us . 
  no , i found it in my rss reader and thought / r/europe might enjoy it . 
  ca n't get enough of those . 
  incorrect but almost always make me laugh . 
  they have a comment section , just not for the english articles . 
  thank you for pointing that out . 
  my vote goes to this one . 
  i do n't get it . 
  winner of hearts . 
  i blame his name . 
  it makes a lot of sense , actually . 
  at least they have taste . 
  they are special snowflakes . 
  the trending topics on german twitter right now : #esc , #eurovision and hufschmied . 
  wtf ? 
  12 of course . 
  the longer you watch it the more ridiculous it gets . 
  awesome . 
  germany 's entry . 
  time for a cigarette break . 
  and i do n't even smoke . 
  the best thing about the eurovision contest is collective bitching . 
  i 'm looking forward to the day when rammstein perform for germany ... 
  i 'm watching it alone while drinking coke zero . 
  and yes , i 'm that boring . 
  you can hear in her voice that she drinks a lot of whisky . 
  based on what i think people will vote for , not on my personal taste . 
  this one is in german but you can click on the countries and it shows you where the votes were coming from : http://www.spiegel.de/flash/flash-28651.html, 
  i like the song from cyprus . 
  it 's happy and does n't pretend to be a superior work of art . 
  my prediction for the top 3 in no particular order : russia , turkey , sweden, 
  i really do n't know what to think about the russian grannies . 
  is the albanian singer in pain ? 
  it sure as hell sounds like she is ... 
  eddie izzard on [ engelbert humperdinck ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckgmmo0zbjo ) . 
  winning hearts and minds ... 
  i did not get no bailout . 
  does it get aired on tv in the us ?
