  as i already said in the comment above if you see such a post you can help us by clicking the report button and the mod who is online and watching the mod-queue at that moment will remove it . 
   he was banned for having unpopular opinions outside of / r/europe , really ? 
  no , he was banned for his contributions here in this subreddit . 
  his activities outside of / r/europe just removed any possible doubts that this could be the wrong decision . 
   what constitutes as rude ? 
  hurting someone 's feelings ? 
  controversial opinion ? 
  complaining about immigration laws ? 
  anything the moderators do n't like ? 
  personal attacks , name calling and insults to name examples . 
   honestly , what does it matter as long as it 's on-topic ? 
  the point is that these kind of comments are n't on topic . 
  they are derailing discussions and make it very difficult if not impossible to keep discussions reasonable . 
  we discussed this very topic just yesterday and came to the conclusion that we want to improve our communication with the userbase in regards to incidents you mentioned but also in general . 
  this is also one of the main reasons we are looking for additional moderators . 
  regarding the removal of your contributions : some of those you made in the past were removed because you got permabanned . 
  the reason for your permaban is that you are a racist/white supremacist and moderator of more than 50 subreddits that almost exclusively revolve around this one single topic . 
   and these people constantly implying that sweden is a muslim state because they read so on some blog are what exactly ? 
  they are wrong i guess but we do n't want to interfer with comments based on truthfulness as long as no other rules are broken . 
  thanks for editing your comment , it 's very much appreciated . 
  please follow reddiquette and remove the personal insults from your comment, 
  we remove these kind of submissions whenever we see them but it 's possible that some of them go unnoticed . 
  this is one of the many cases where subscribers can help us by clicking the `` report '' button . 
  i think we have something like this implemented but it only warns us about very obvious trolls . 
  making it a bit more strict could be very effective and we will definitely consider your suggestion . 
  i tried to make it sound less authoritan but do n't know a softer word for `` enforced '' so i reworded the sentence to :  to remind you about our rules and guidelines , what actions we take in case they are broken and to receive feedback on how this can be improved . 
  i could publish it around 19:00 or 19:30 and we start answer questions around 20:00 then . 
  okay , i 'll change it to 01 . 
  april - 29 . 
  june then . 
  the other part i will reword as well . 
  i would like to publish it today . 
  do you have time to be online and help me answer questions that are coming up ? 
  do you mean regarding to the mod applications ? 
  how about this way : we announce it all in this one modpost and link to a second thread where interested subscribers can write their application in the comments . 
  all other comments will be removed . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's more like saying `` this guy invented the sandwich '' . 
  bread existed already , the traditional turkish dish existed already , the turkish fellow in berlin combined these two already existing things and created a new product that way . 
  list of lists . 
   you delete peoples posts and ban users at random , based on whether you like the said posts or not . 
  both of these claims are not true . 
   i 'd hate to start a witch hunt . 
  so that 's why you made a post about it instead of reporting it ? 
  thanks . 
  the second one is removed now . 
  the first one is shitty but strictly speaking about the commenter himself . 
  blatant racism does not get tolerated here but we ca n't monitor every single comment 24/7 . 
  if you see such a comment in the future write us a short mod-mail , include the link and we will remove it immediatly . 
  please follow reddiquette and remove the personal insults from your comment . 
  i wanted to make a distinction between rules and guidelines . 
  rules are are getting enforced by the moderators , guidelines are not getting enforced by the moderators . 
   whatever , we can take it . 
  this is absolutely true . 
  you wo n't find many popular threads about anything related to germany on reddit where nazism is brought up but very rarely will you find someone who is complaining or butthurt about it . 
  personally i think it 's an interesting topic and worthy of a serious discussion but from experience i know this is almost impossible . 
   i know germany sings crap at us too ; i do n't know of a single football song talking crap about england . 
  which one do you know ? 
  the american goverment might not be very popular but `` a high amount of germans '' who prefer to be occupied by russia ? 
  i do n't believe it . 
  one part of it are the carrier groups but they also need faster and more flexibel options . 
  for example the biggest american hospital outside of the us is in germany and if a soldier gets severly injured in afghanistan or anywhere else in that region they can fly him in just a few hours non-stop to the hospital . 
  these non-stop flights are also essential to move troops and equipment within hours to almost anywhere in the middle east . 
  americans need airforce bases somewhere in europe in order to preoject their military forces to the middle east . 
  germany is from a geographic point of view absolutely perfect for this and also provides political stability and good infrastructure . 
  i have a hard time believing that because i have never met anyone with that opinion . 
  in my experience germans can understand some dutch words when seeing them in writing but will understand almost nothing when listening to it . 
  not me . 
  pleae [ follow reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette#wiki_please__don.27t ) and remove the personal insults from your comment . 
  this is something so few people know about . 
  no insurance company is willing to take the risks of insuring a nuclear plant and this fact alone is telling something . 
  the local impact of chernobyl was devastating , though . 
  economic left/right : -4.88 social libertarian/authoritarian : -7.69 http://i.imgur.com/vjti7je.png, 
  why not ? 
  we have a very similar tradition in germany . 
  the only differences are that instead of the head the foodstuff gets carried by hand and [ it 's the women who have to do the work ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uygq7oq.jpg ) . 
  thanks for your input . 
  i see . 
  maybe you are really the exception to the rule but maybe you are just to modest to admit it , 
  that 's absolutely not what i said . 
  that 's what i meant when i said i have never met a dutch person who ca n't hold a simple conversation in at least three languages , because this is perfectly understandable and exceeds `` simple conversation '' skills imho . 
  well that 's really a first then . 
  be honest : how are your german skills ? 
  just by knowing dutch and english you should be able to understand written german , right ? 
  i was wondering this as well . 
  i have n't met a single dutch person who could n't hold a simple conversation in at least 3 languages , including english of course . 
   you 're just deliberately ignoring reality . 
  i have no idea how you got that message out of my comment . 
  i basically said and meant the opposite . 
  please [ follow reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette#wiki_please__don.27t ) and remove the personal insults from your comment . 
  that 's maybe how instincts work but a somewhat intelligent person should not fall for it . 
   how do you expect him not to feel turkish ? 
  i have no answer to that question and i never said that i expect him not to feel turkish . 
  my question was genuine and i honestly want to have a better understanding of the situation without being judgemental , believe it or not . 
  that is blatant discrimination and i can see how an experience like that can make one feel alienated and i would definitely feel the same . 
  i just hope you do n't lose faith in the whole german society because of instances like this because that would be the worst outcome for everyone . 
  a question that just came to my mind : you are born and living in germany , speak the language perfectly and probably have german citizenship . 
  nobody here on the internet knows your real name or your cultural background so nobody could and nobody would judge you for it . 
  you still identify as a turk as can be seen by your flair . 
  why is that ?
