  same with the countless semi-public places like clubs and bars . 
  if you do n't want to see hairy bikers fucking each other in the ass do n't go there , problem solved . 
  always expect hitler in threads about germany , no matter how unrelated . 
  i do n't think there is a specific statement behind it . 
  sex is just not that big of a deal in berlin , at least from a moral perspective . 
  it happens in clubs , in parks and who knows where else and as long as you abide the law and do n't force uninvolved people to watch nobody cares . 
  winning hearts and minds i see . 
  the 1 % are profiting from it , that 's why it wo n't happen . 
  i 'm sure the general population would n't mind to peacefully stand up to the us . 
  the silence about iraq is remarkable . 
  i consider myself somewhat informed about international affairs but i have no idea how the general living conditions are almost 10 years after they got `` freed '' . 
   their economy relies heavily on us exports . 
  i was thinking about this today and i am of the opinion we should stand by our principles even though we might risk an economical drawback . 
  the us does n't import stuff from germany to do us a favor , they buy shit they ca n't get anywhere else . 
  roughly 25 % of the german exports are cars , 25 % is machinery and 25 % is chemicals . 
  it 's not like you can just buy most of this stuff somewhere else with the same quality . 
  it 's about time to grow some balls and do what is right . 
  the other 87 % have n't heard a dutchman talking yet . 
  agreed . 
  i did not know this . 
  pardon my ignorance but why did they have to do this ? 
  i 'm a bit jealous to be honest . 
  i made a subreddit to collect jokes about germans/germany not long ago but it does n't have a lot of content . 
  i know there must be a lot more out there so if you know of any please post them here : / r/jokesaboutgermany, 
  i do n't see europe as heavily divided , quite the opposite . 
  we have never been closer . 
  sadly reddit gold is not very useful as you will find out very soon . 
  you guys are cosmopolitans , 
   seeing it somewhat dismembered would please them so basically `` for the lulz '' . 
  that 's exactly how i understood it . 
  i did not comprehend the question properly then . 
  i do n't have an opinion on that because i do n't have enough knowledge about the pros and cons . 
  to clear that up , i did not vote yes because i want scotland to secede , i voted yes because i think * if the scottish want to secede * they should have the right to do so . 
  so random . 
  i am surprised there are even 11 % females on here . 
  i always assume everyone to be male . 
  that explains it . 
  where did all the belgians come from ? 
  8 % makes them the second biggest fraction of r/europe , did i miss something ? 
  i voted yes because i think if the majority of scots want to be independend they should have the right to it . 
  i will still vote for them . 
  not for the politicians involved , but for the idea behind it . 
   yes , and how were they acting on it ? 
  they were knocking on his door , interviewing him besides what he did being perfectly legal in our democracy . 
  it 's a form of psychological warfare . 
  people will think twice before posting their opinions on the internet if this keeps on happening which will be very bad for political discourse . 
   and do n't act surprised now and pretend they were n't gathering intel on activists for the past 60 years . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  i should accept it and shut up just because they are doing it for a long time ? 
  i guess they `` interviewed '' him . 
  citation needed ? 
  have you read the article ? 
  this is the first sentence :  a german man who called on facebook friends concerned about american secret service operations to join him in a walk around a us army spy centre near his home , ** found secret service men at his door checking his political leanings . 
  the people in power are monitoring political activism and are already acting on it if it does n't serve their interests . 
  this is escalating quickly . 
  tl ; dr : germans are arrogant , the language sounds harsh and the economy is only doing well because of the weak euro . 
  by the way , `` prism '' is just the name of the project that collects/evaluates data from social media . 
  the spying program as a whole has a different name . 
  merkel could very well be telling the truth while intentionally midleading the public . 
   faceami-as schiuri din crucea matii . 
  - `` i 'll make skiis from your mother 's cross . '', 
  now that 's fucking creative . 
  the american intelligence services are allowed to spy on foreigners but not on their own people ( for very good reason ) . 
  the european intelligence services are allowed to spy on foreigners but not on their own people ( for very good reason ) . 
  they are circumventing this law by sharing the data . 
  the international goverments are basically conspiring together against their own people . 
  this threat to democracy ca n't be overestimated . 
  do n't forget to zoom out . 
  it is n't a perfect solution but the way it is done now is a huge threat to democracy . 
  the intelligence services are basically conspiring together against the populations of their respective countries . 
  they can use the information to charge people but people ca n't use it for their defence . 
  this is a dangerous imbalance and it seems to only be getting worse . 
  she can pick up her passport at the german embassy . 
  the only tool we have to fight the undemocratic secret services is to make ** all ** data public . 
  leaders should n't be allowed to keep important information hidden from the public . 
  pride is n't good for anything . 
  this is a stupid solution to a complex problem . 
  deep down in our hearts we are all more icelander than human . 
  we had a rule that when you were younger than 16 years you had to have permission from your parents if you wanted to smoke cigarettes on school property . 
  in reality this rule was rarely enforced and lots of 15 year olds were smoking on the breaks . 
  the american nanny state telling the people what they can and ca n't eat . 
  what happened to personal responsibility ? 
  reading that thread was strange . 
  i ca n't think of a single rule at the schools where i went that came even close to the stupidity of those mentioned . 
  why is it this way , is the us really that different ? 
  why do people come up with this and why does nobody question or change it when it does n't make any sense ? 
  he 's a troll , check his total karma score . 
  the difference is that they are monitoring everything now , and everything gets storaged for eternity . 
  i think we are the first country with legit chancelor nude pics . 
  how awesome is that ? 
  what is going on here ? 
  they have their own secret service which is inredibly connected . 
  `` we will fuck your motherfucking homosexual asses '' sounds rather gay if you ask me . 
   as any right it is something that can be taken away i understand where you are coming from but in my opinion if something can be taken away it is not a right but a privilege . 
  rights are the things you need most when you are the weakest , out of money , sick or locked up for example . 
  if only constitutional parties are on the ballot i just do n't see any harm in letting these people vote . 
   and where to draw a line ? 
  exactly . 
  that 's why i would n't draw the line anywhere . 
  a serial killer should lose his right to freedom because he has proven to be a danger for society but there is absolurely no reason he should also lose the right to vote .
