  do you always talk to people like that ? 
  it 's really annoying and kills all motivation to have a reasonable discussion in an instant . 
  i did not say and not imply anything of that . 
  i do n't support the actions of russia but what i said is a fact that we like to forget . 
   western europeans - forever naive about russia right . 
  all these times when we thought russia was n't a threat and then they attacked us and tried to enslave us . 
  wait , that never happened . 
  it was the western countries that did that with russia , and we did it more than once . 
  i hope it is clear that i do n't support anything that russia did in the last weeks , i 'm just playing devils advocate as well . 
  it 's a fact the nato promised to not go further east and it was the basis of russias agreement to german reunification . 
  we just did n't honor that agreement and with the revolution in ukraine nato finally arrived at russias doorstep . 
  it is no coincidence that russia reacted now . 
  the us would have done the same if the warsaw pact arrived on the mexican border . 
  also the west , especially germany but also france has tried to overrun russia far more often than the other way around . 
   integrate the rest of ukraine into nato with missile shields etc. 
  i think this is a big part of what got us in this shitty situation in the first place . 
  nato promised to not expand further east around 1990 when germany reunited but did not keep this promise . 
  the nuclear plants that get shut down in the next decade are old , shitty and unsafe . 
  building a single new nuclear plant is a huge pain in the ass and takes over a decade with planning and building . 
  we would need dozens of nuclear plants if we wanted to go the same way as france . 
  i do n't see how it could be faster or cheaper than switching to renewables in any way . 
  it would still force them out of their comfort zone and induce insecurity for them . 
  thank you . 
  [ a reddiquette reminder ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette#wiki_please__don.27t ) :  please do n't be ( intentionally ) rude at all . 
  by choosing not to be rude , you increase the overall civility of the community and make it better for all of us . 
  please consider editing out the name calling . 
  source : [ european parliament members ' twitter networks ] ( http://homepage.univie.ac.at/axel.maireder/2014/03/mep-twitter-networks/ ), 
  i 'm german . 
  it 's impossible to hurt my feelings by insulting my mother . 
  that 's an interesting view on it that i had n't considered . 
  it 's still remarkable that france got 100 % of the blame and germany zero . 
  there had to be another reason for it that only got talked about behind closed doors . 
  if this bullshit commercial is all they had planned the advertising campaign will backfire . 
  the german society changed so dramatically in the last 50 years the stereotypes could n't catch up . 
  i 've only done it as a child . 
  there was lots of sand , i had a shovel and digging a hole is fucking fun . 
  that were all the reasons i needed to start digging . 
  also because of the tides at the north sea you can dig trenches and tunnels that slowly fill up when the water comes back . 
  i just loved doing that as a child , it was harmless fun  edit : [ george carlin understands ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sisbcitcbm#t=35 ), 
  i remember that time very well . 
  it was the first time i was `` proud '' ( for lack of a better word ) of the european cooperation , especially between france and germany . 
  this decision made the us administration incredibly angry and that could be seen by the sometimes pathetic measures they undertook to influence public opinion . 
  freedom fries , old europe and new europe and all that ridiculous stuff . 
  at that time i fully expected them to go after germany as well but they never did . 
  maybe because the stereotypes about germany ( nazis , war mongers ) could n't be exploited in that case ? 
  i have no idea . 
  yes . 
  i 've done it myself on many occasions . 
  i heard of this the first time on the internet as well . 
  it seems to come from the us and got promoted a lot shortly before the last iraq invasion . 
  it 's like we are from a different planet : - /, 
  completly agree . 
  it 's also important to keep in mind that these people do n't really consider themself to be part of a country . 
  they might have citizenship in germany ( just to name an example ) but they have houses everywhere and are highly mobile . 
  they could n't care less about the economic state of a certain country , if shit hits the fan they just go somewhere else . 
  this is highly visible with the russian oligarchs who almost all live in london or somewhere else outside their homeland but it 's the same with the elites of all other countries as well . 
  it just does n't work in english . 
  in german that joke is hilarious ... 
   it was only them who were profiting in the end , not the people of greece . 
  it 's the same in germany i think . 
  i did n't see a cent from that submarine deal . 
  i read about that and i hate that it happened and how some of the media is reporting it . 
  still , we are talking about 500 million euro here which is not a lot in the grand sheme of things . 
  maybe i am naive but i just do n't see how germany is responsible for every bad thing that is happening in greece . 
  i honestly hope for the greek people to do the right thing and get their country back on track and if germany is at fault for their misery they should do something about it . 
  that we do n't have a sense of humor . 
  one comment earlier someone claimed germany pays the most , now you claim germany is exploiting the poorer countries . 
  what am i supposed to believe here ? 
  we will be competing with china ( 1.3 blllion people ) , india ( 1 billion people ) , the us ( over 300 million ) and brasil in the future . 
  no country in europe will have a voice and stand a chance if we do n't work together . 
  if that means that germany has to pay a bit more than the poorer countries so be it . 
  the goal should be for the poorer countries to get back on track and get prosperous themself , though . 
  germany will stay in the eu , even if it 's costly . 
  i do n't understand . 
  how is that germany 's fault ? 
  thanks . 
  it 's very nice of you to acknowledge my work here but the other mods are puttung a lot of time and effort into moderating this community as well , some of them are even more active than me . 
  thanks for your help !, 
  done . 
  is it fixed ? 
  i have access to it but very little understanding of the code . 
  could you tell me exactly what i have to change ? 
   reddit 's spam filter errs on the spam side . 
  in this case , the title begins with `` breaking : '' i think you just figured it out . 
  not only did n't we censor anything , the spam filter was actually in the right as well . 
  there is nothing wrong with being sceptic and if something really gets censored or other unjust or wrongful stuff happens make it public and get the word out . 
  just maybe consider the possibility first that it 's just a mistake or a misconception . 
  write a mod mail and have a few minutes of patience and you will see in 99 % of the cases it will get sorted out very quickly . 
  we have really relaxed rules here and barely remove anything if it 's on the topic of europe , even this post here did n't get removed yet and is still up for discussion as everyone can see . 
  a post not showing up in the new queue happens quite regularly . 
  the spam filter is n't perfect and sometimes removes submissions that are perfectly fine . 
  if something like this happens the quickest way to solve this is to write us a mod mail . 
  that way we get a notification and can look right into it . 
  i wonder where this mistrust in the mod team of / r/europe comes from because there must be dozens of users here who can confirm that we answer these requests quickly and approve the spam filtered postings immediatly . 
  do n't keep this sort of thing private . 
  make it public , as you did . 
  this way , you can ensure the mods will give you an answer , if you think a full blown conspiracy is more likely than a mistake you can do this of course but please do n't be surprised if it takes almost an hour like in this case until someone recognizes that there is a problem . 
  [ this link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1zmpi3/breaking_estonian_foreign_minister_urmas_paet_and/ ) was removed by automoderator for reasons unknown to me . 
  i approved it manually now . 
  if something like this happens just write us a short mod mail and someone will look into it very quickly .
