  hefeweizen is the beer from bavaria . 
  it 's to sweet in my opinion . 
  the rest of germany prefers the more bitter kinds of beer . 
  sometimes i get the feeling sauerkraut is far more popular outside than inside of germany . 
  you are either a vegetarian or never tried the good stuff . 
  that 's not `` making '' a joke , just repeating it . 
  drinking is a craft . 
  dubbing was invented by hitler . 
  france is more productive per work-hour than germany as far as i know . 
  that manager is just trash talking to further his own interests and does n't care about the truth . 
  do n't expect to get a reasonable answer . 
  i thought that joke was brilliant . 
  nobody takes your submission seriously if you write titles like this , majorblink . 
  ah , the famous british sense of humour . 
  agreed . 
  handball might be the second most popular team sport in germany but i really doubt there are more people actively participating in a handball team than there are joggers or swimmers . 
  in tv it 's : * motorsports * boxing * wintersports active it 's : * cycling * swimming * fitness & jogging, 
  damn , that 's a lot of downvotes you got there for a rather harmless comment . 
   in europe we are more worried about terrorism i am not the least bit worried about terrorism , seriously . 
  how many europeans have died because of terrorism in the last years , 0.00000001 % or 0.00000002 % ? 
  wow , how did the public react ? 
  i heard the lyrics for the first time in its entirety right now . 
  that shit is powerful propaganda , i am not surprised this worked in desperate times . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  if you understand german and like documentaries : / r/dokumentationen, 
  loves finland as much as his own country , still wants to learn italian and french . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
  `` schneebrettli '' could be a nice swiss-german word for snowboard . 
  i have worked with and met several romanians in the past and they were always pleasant people . 
  what i am hoping for is bettering the conditions like shown in the photos above . 
  nobody should be forced to live like that . 
  it also keeps the information your friends or others feed it about you but i guess thats the same with facebook and g + . 
  damn . 
  hope that gets fixed with european help as quickly as possible . 
  from my cold sticky hands ... 
  did n't you both basically just `` one-up '' each other with how bad the humans responsible for the safety of the nuclear plants handled the situations ? 
  and you guys wonder why the public panics when you both know how badly shit was handled in the past ? 
  both decades ago and only two years ago in one of the most technical advanced countries ? 
  i am really shocked about the double standard that seems to be so common in the us . 
  police investigating themself , how is that even remotely acceptable in a democracy ? 
  51 bullet holes in the car of two innocent women , fired at them from behind in a situation without any imminent threat ? 
  for me these are clear signs of something going very , very wrong . 
  trolls , do n't feed them . 
  i 'm not a native speaker . 
  google says subway = an underground electric railroad . 
  what did i do wrong ? 
  do n't you understand ? 
  the prince rode the tube !, 
  german paternalism ? 
  someone in great britain had a ride on the subway . 
  that is amazing news !, 
  we are all big fans because it went so well . 
  a brit not getting a joke by a german ? 
  do we have opposite day ? 
  they only print those fees on the bills of german tourists . 
  why have a minimum wage at all if it 's not even enough to live of ? 
  a minimum wage of $ 2.13 / hr is an insult . 
  i 'm by all standards a lot poorer than the average german citizen and i round up to the next euro and add another euro . 
  so i tip between 1 and 2 euro in most cases . 
  people i tip are taxi drivers , waiters and pizza delivery guys . 
  reddit 's law : `` as an reddit discussion grows longer , the probability of an argument about hitler approaches 1 . '', 
  i do n't . 
  i would like to have the word `` federation '' in there intead `` kingdom '' . 
  does what include all the co2 ? 
  yes , we could have cut pollution even more , but that goes for so many countries . 
  germany is responsible for less than 2 % of the worldwide pollution if i am not mistaken , there are really bigger fish to fry . 
  especially because we are working on reducing it drastically in the long run . 
  no , you do n't . 
  you just claim things that are n't true . 
  some people do n't like it when facts collide with their pre-fabricated opinion . 
  germany is a net exporter of energy , but do n't let facts get into the way of your hate . 
  i think it 's a fucking joke that now that germany is switching to renewable energy the whole world is concerned that we are polluting the planet . 
  if you are really concerned about the enviroment germany should be the last of your worries . 
  take a look at recent statistics and you will see that pollution in germany ** decreased ** despite fading out nuclear power . 
  i thought we were talking about the statement of the us diplomat right now . 
  so what ? 
  semi automatic guns did n't exist either and are protected by the constitution . 
  me too . 
  i learned a new english word today . 
  you can thank us later . 
  why is germany even involved in this ? 
  why have n't the greek thought of that themself 10 years ago . 
  it 's not exactly rocket science and a sunny climate is nothing new in greece . 
  shared suffering is something that really could bring our nations closer together . 
  [ indeed ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kil8-gadye ), 
  fair enough . 
  you slipped a `` ball '' in there , probably by mistake . 
  i do both . 
  browsing / r/all sometimes brings up unexpected stuff from subreddits i did n't even know existed . 
  i wonder if there are many turkish people married to finnish people . 
  the turkish are obsessed with '' \u00dc '' and the finnish are obsessed with '' \u00c4 '' . 
  that would make for some funny names . 
  that makes sense of course . 
  i did n't think of that . 
  very nice , but why did you make it a self post ? 
  armored handmelon . 
  filtering out keywords and subreddits you do n't like makes browsing / r/all a much more enjoyable experience . 
  you could submit the picture with a bit of background information to / r/morbidreality . 
  wtf ? 
  what is the context of this ?
