  it 's perfectly fine for the veterans of reddit to skip it and keep on browsing other stuff of course . 
  have we really reached the point where a post that is supposed to be informative and helpful is considered mod abuse ? 
  religously motivated hate speech aimed at jews ? 
  [ i ca n't imagine that happening in the us ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0oz1k77v6c&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=47s ) . 
  how is an informative and helpful post about all things reddit a bad thing ? 
  germans might not have a sense of humor but they can laugh about themself and take a joke without being butthurt . 
  you are probably right , they are just not as organized with their own tv channel and blogs and all that stuff and appear less prominent because of that . 
   as if she 's addressing a child . 
  as if the receiver is either too young or stupid to process their own unique thoughts that is absolutely common in most of these right-wing shows . 
  i wonder how their audience does n't notice this or if they do why they are n't bothered by it . 
  amazing . 
  these kind of people are completly unable to reflect how it feels to be on the receiving side of the bombings or even just the threats of it . 
  to them war has always been a story of success . 
  even if a war got lost it always happened on a continent far away and the conscripts or volunteer soldiers that got killed are mostly lower class anyways . 
  to them there is no downside to military agression . 
  i posted it in the clear context that it 's lies and propaganda . 
  that 's the opposite of how fox news likes to be presented and it accomplishes the opposite of what they aimed for . 
  at the same time it 's the channel with the most viewers in the us and o'reilly factor the most watched show . 
  nobody has more people listening to him on a regular basis as o'reilly . 
  his influence on public opinion is real . 
  the difference is that the fox news people are highly educated . 
  o'reilly went to harvard and spent a year in europe at the university of london . 
  he is fully aware of his lies when he preaches his anti-education and anti-liberalism propaganda . 
  he does it for the money even though he is already so fucking rich that he would n't need to work a single day for the rest of his life . 
  that is , in my humble opinion , far worse than a delusional third world preacher who honestly believes the bullshit he spouts . 
   i sometimes watch fox news solely because i want to get some energy from getting a little riled up i do the same and i also follow a few american right wingers on facebook for some weird masochistic reason . 
  it 's a fascinating and scary subculture to me that just does not exist in europe in this form . 
  these bizarre lies that a 5 year old can see through , the blatant populism and opportunism shown by these people , it makes me sad and angry just watching it as an outsider . 
  if i had to live with these people in a community where they had influence on the laws and quality of life i would get suicidal . 
  that 's somewhat true but a problem that can be solved . 
  another truth is that i can go to the supermarket , buy such a generic mass produced beer for 29 cents and while cheap and boring it 's still of decent quality and enjoyable . 
  think about it some more , i 'm sure you can figure it out yourself . 
   would n't you worry whether posting something others find ` controversial ' on a public form under your real name could reflect badly on your country ? 
  i think people like her post such things because they honestly believe to get applauded and circlejerked for it . 
  that 's why they claim they got `` hacked '' as soon as they encounter headwind . 
  these people could n't and would n't bring up a single argument for their position , they just try to throw an already rabid mob a bone and get praised for it . 
  the absolutely worst kind of opportunism in my opinion . 
  sarah palin is the poster child for this kind of behaviour and one can witness it on her fb page on a daily basis . 
  finnish is ridiculous and awesome at the same time . 
  i love listening to it , there are just not many opportunities . 
  germany really is the beer paradise . 
  i always take this for granted until such statistics turn up somewhere on the internet and remind me of it . 
  prost !, 
   why did god gave such rules that do not apply everywhere ? 
  it just fucking slipped his mind . 
  like slavery . 
  that guy is on fire . 
  aaaaand it 's gone . 
   but i think it is only nation that had special squadrons that were supposed to shoot in the backs of the front line soldiers if they stop going forward . 
  those soldiers had even target circles painted on the backs . 
  germany did this as well , just without the circles . 
  if you did n't follow orders and retreated you got shot without a second thought . 
  happened more than ten thousand times . 
  german u-boot sailors call the baltic sea '' \u00fcberflutete wiese '' because on average it 's only 50 meters deep . 
  please honor the rules of this subreddit and stop it with the personal attacks and death threats . 
  this explains everything ... 
   most people should be able to understand what fck and cnt mean pretty easily . 
  everyone does . 
  they are specifically censored in a way that it 's almost impossible not to understand them . 
  did you really make a study and then self censor all words this whole thing is about ? 
  that was my impression as well . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
   so , by `` racist '' , what exactly is meant ? 
  the discrimination of an entire group of people for example . 
   will someone get banned for racism/xenophobia/whatever for saying that bulgarians are more homophobic than germans ( that is a fact supported by statistics by the way ) ? 
  stating a fact is not a bannable offense . 
   italy would be better , or malta near sicily . 
  italy had about 70 goverment turnovers since wwii and malta is a tiny island ( relatively speaking ) with a population smaller than cleveland . 
  do you really think it would be smarter to make long term investments for the largest military base outside of the us there ? 
  in ramstein for example [ is the biggest military hospital ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/landstuhl_regional_medical_center ) outside of the us . 
  it 's nice to have reliable infrastructure around such a a vital part of the military and nobody in his right mind would build this in a country they do n't trust . 
  there are many , many subreddits on reddit that would be happy to implement a democratic solution to moderating . 
  not a single one has accomplished this yet for reasons i tried to explain in my former comments . 
  if you know `` a hundred solutions '' to this problem i can only encourage you to create a new subreddit , implement these solution ( s ) and make this example public . 
  i promise you a lot of communities will be very thankful and use your solution immediatly . 
  applications are closed now . 
  thanks to everyone who applied !, 
   if you well say anything that is n't kosher by their narrow world view it 's racist . 
  that 's absolutely not true . 
   and the current moderators do not even bother to answer your question this actually happened in some cases and we already discussed this internally . 
  we want to get better and quicker at communicating and recruiting new moderators is a big part of it . 
   germany is n't an ally come on . 
  with the exception of attacking iraq for unjust reasons germany is doing everything the us asks for . 
   why do you think we have so many soldiers in germany ? 
  logistics , plain and simple . 
  geographically germany is the perfect position for projecting power further east and politically it is stable enough and such a trustworthy allie that huge investements are reasonable . 
  what else could be the reson ? 
  to keep our mighty fighting force in check ? 
  if this is true it really seems to be a bit over the top , does n't it ? 
  i mean , germany is a lapdog in terms of international politics . 
  the german people are sick of war like no other and our military could n't pose a threat even if it wanted to . 
  the only reasons to spy on germany are economical but gathering that information should be possible without infiltrating every single ministry . 
  why is the us putting in so much effort into it and risking the good relations ? 
  what am i not getting here ? 
  i think both opinions coexist . 
  those who are opposed to the base because the soldiers cause lots of trouble and other reasons and those who want them to stay because they are profiting from it in some way . 
  of course . 
  absolutely positive , that 's one of the reasons why there are also many people who want the troops to stay . 
  if i had seen this post in the new queue i would have removed it for editoralizing , no doubt about that . 
  it 's always difficult to make such a decision when a post is popular and has an active discussion going on in the comment section .
