  but to be honest , forget the stereotypes . 
  do n't act like assholes , just be yourself and everything is fine . 
  more than 5 minutes early is rude , even in germany . 
  that 's the problem . 
  we just should n't ask them . 
  i hope germany tries to be more like estonia in terms of internet . 
  written by a german programmer . 
  no [ giana sisters ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_giana_sisters ) ? 
   i bet they do n't teach you that in schools . 
  you are right , i never heard of that . 
  germans did enslave estonians for 700 years ? 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  reparations got paid many times in the past , not just now . 
  i get about 5 a month . 
  i 'm not a good role model . 
  we should really teach the swiss how to prepare it right . 
  who needs enemies when italy is your friend ? 
  wtf france ? 
  i thought you were sexually liberated before it was cool . 
  i do n't know but it 's irrelevant to german politics . 
  we should n't make our own actions dependend on what islamic leaders do or not do . 
  * http://www.withfullforce.de/index.php * http://www.wacken.com/de/woa2013/ * http://de.metalfest.eu/index.php?lang=en, 
  things that first come to my mind when i think of new zealand : beautiful landscape , lord of the rings , funny animals , kim dotcom , almost exactly on the opposite site of the planet , awesome battle dance before rugby games , driving on the wrong side of the road , young adults like to spend the nights in their cars on the road making trouble ( saw a tv report about this long time ago , not sure if i remember it right , though ) . 
  it is terrible . 
  it 's basically the same as 8 years ago , there is absolutely no progress at the moment . 
  we need a competitor like google fiber to get new developements . 
  that 's what i thought because that 's pretty standard . 
  soldiers running around with automatic weapons at peacetime in france would have really surprised me . 
  maybe that 's on an airport , or do they really carry around automatic weapons in france ? 
  i have a hard time to believe this . 
  in germany you receive 60 % of your former income . 
  depending on how long you worked before getting unemployed you receive the benefits for 6-32 months . 
  after that you get downgraded to alg 2 ( unemployment benefits 2 ) . 
  with alg 2 you receive 382 $ per month and they pay your rent up to 378 $ ( for singles ) . 
  germany : most people have dsl with 6-16 mbps for around 19-29 euro per month . 
  in some cities you can go up to 100 or 150 mbps via cable . 
  some rural areas are still without any broadband at all . 
  because of no proper competition we are losing ground rapidly , no innovations get done and the biggest provider is even threatening to abolish flat rates . 
  except for some specific special forces soldiers are not trained to `` kill people in the most efficient way possible '' . 
  they are trained at weapons that they are n't allowed to carry in their home country , if someone attacks from behind with a knife they are as vulnerable as anybody else . 
  i personally would be fine with it because i do n't take myself too seriously . 
  i was more thinking about people he meets who are in a underprivileged position to begin with . 
  like when you are the representative of a nation that has a lot of hardships and this representative from western europe , who was born rich and privileged without doing anything for it , makes fun of you and your fellow people . 
  that 's an interesting way of looking at it . 
  what he did could basically be seen as an act of asymetric warfare , insurgency if you so will . 
  of course this will never be allowed to be part of the major consensus narrative , but it 's an interesting thought . 
  see , racists have always a simple solution at hand and it 's the same solution to every fucking problem in existence , no matter how complex it might be . 
  it 's similar to religious people . 
  as soon as it gets complicated and difficult they refuse to think and come up with an easy answer . 
  god did it . 
  the foreigners are at fault . 
  the only explanation i have for this is that it comforts you somehow . 
  who wants to eat pure honey ? 
  i like to spread it on bread rolls for example , or use it as a sweetener for tea . 
  dog shit is n't the only alternative to purity . 
  regressives are so smart and efficient , they have the same simple solution to all kinds of complex problems . 
  just kick out the foreigners , close the borders , leave the euro and voil\u00e1 we are living in an utopia again . 
  i mean honestly , if you think `` diversity '' is the problem , what would be your solution ? 
  uniformity ? 
  everyone wearing the same clothes , speaking the same language and having the same haircut ? 
  from the distance he 's hilarious , it can be totally different situation for the person he makes fun of , though . 
  norway put up a hell of a fight against germany , nothing to be ashamed about . 
  also as far as i know there was no real fight against finland , just senseless destruction on the retreat . 
  it does n't matter where you are from or what god you believe in , if you do n't condemn the murder of an innocent person there is something seriously wrong with you . 
  * especially * if you are in a leadership position . 
  i 'm not a racist , but ... 
  if you want to submit an article to / r/europe in a different language than english you must provide at least a short translation in the comment section . 
  otherwise to few people will understand and it is of no value for the community . 
  you asked why it 's always `` african/muslim immigrants that are rioting in western countries '' . 
  germany is a `` western country '' and here has never been a `` african/muslim immigrant riot '' , not even once . 
  we have at tradition of [ germans rioting on the 1st of may ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3e0_q6bsga ) , though . 
  that 's probably not the answer you wanted to hear but it 's the truth . 
  that 's what these idiots were waiting for , a stupid reason so they can riot themself . 
  also wtf was the police doing at 0:50 seconds of the video ? 
  was that supposed to be intimidating ? 
  edit : if the police wants to look intimidating without carrying guns they should [ line up like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ul6apsp.jpg ) . 
  i tried to answer it but you are talking about a destination without being specific . 
  do you mean a festival , or a holiday destination or something else ? 
  do i smell some jealousy ? 
  nobody talked about it in germany because nobody cares . 
  it 's not a scandal by any means . 
  that 's a great idea actually . 
  two things are standing out for me after watching it : * `` when you feel harrassed , you harrass back . '', 
  to me that 's the worst attitude a person can have . 
  you ca n't solve a single problem with this approach , it just makes everything worse . 
  * who in his right mind attacks firefighters ? 
  do we have to pay for bieber 's monkey with taxpayer money ? 
  i was always indifferent towards him but now it 's getting personal . 
  no genocide yet ? 
  it was a good day . 
  at least we do n't blame the jews anymore . 
  baby steps . 
  i wish him luck . 
  he seems like a nice guy and his kn\u00f6dl song is my guilty pleasure , 
  i am not so sure about that . 
  he seems to be content with it and even though the genre is controversial the song itself is very well written and produced . 
  english is my second language and sometimes i express myself somewhat unclear because of this . 
  i meant comments or words that have no other purpose than to be insulting . 
  `` remarks '' was probably the wrong term for what i meant . 
  calling people gay rats has the sole purpose to be insulting so my answer to your question is no .
