  also at the beach of the warmer lakes . 
  the ceo of a company i 've worked for lived at a rural castle , but that 's not very common, 
  yeah , i 've meant i 'm not sure hofer will win for sure , it 's a close race and it 's depending on the voters turnout on both sides, 
  the power and autohority gain from the smaller regions would come at the cost of the countries power , the nuts regions have approx . 
  equal populations , so there would n't be much problems with different populations . 
  i 'm more afraid this would be to much change at once, 
  both , [ vanille-kipferl ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/vanillekipferl_weihnachtsgebaeck.jpg ) , [ anisb\u00f6gen ] ( http://www.steiermark.com/de/urlaub/kulinarium/rezepte/weihnachtsgebaeck/rez-anisboegen_33538 ) , [ rumkugeln ] ( https://www.kochwiki.org/w/images/3/33/rumkugeln.jpg ) and [ kokosmakronen ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c8/coconutmacaroons.jpg ) are usually made for the season . 
  the people fear power are taken away for them and they are overruled by regions who are not aware or have no interrest in their problems . 
  a way around could be to give the smaller regions more power ( nuts1 or 2 scale ), 
  not really any desserts , but various forms of cookies, 
  in austrian produced movies , series and `` reality tv '' it 's very prevelant , mostly various forms of vianesse . 
  newspeaker speak accent and dialect free , but you could here a very fine different in intonation which sound more austrian than there german collegues . 
  however a big part of the tv programm are german and american production dubbed in germany , which is mostly accent free if not intentional used for comedy . 
  i grew up in a region were dialect is heavy used and i have always to lough when i hear the road maintenance manager from there in traffic news , he is the impersonation of the dialect ... 
   i think hofer ( the right-extremist candidate ) will win i 'm not sure , i do n't think many changed their mind since last election so it will mostly depent on the turnout . 
  i 'm more concerned on the next generel election , van der bellen can win the centrist people because he is very conservative for a green politican and is n't involved in their infamous topics . 
  chances the next chancellor will be blue are real ... 
  they switched from the yugoslavian and serbian dinar to dm and us dollars and never bothered for an own currency . 
  after the euro introduction they exchanged their dm with euros, 
  yeah , but than they have to apply under the same conditions as the other countries, 
  it 's very gray area and it has to do with both used dm as defacto currency because of different reasons . 
  the eu is n't pleased with it and it 's hinted a final solution for this issue is required before an eu membership, 
  what 's pro-capitalist ? 
  well , switzerland has his banks , but the countries with the most employer friendly regulations and taxes are ireland and uk, 
  most common would be salami pizza and prosciutto with or without portobellos . 
  a local variant would be with egg , bacon and corn ( `` farmer 's pizza '' ) my favourite is tuna , capers and artichoke, 
  in a nice non-aggression pact with ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ - russia, 
   correct me if i 'm wrong but it seems like mixed drinks in general are a bit of a new/different thing across the pon not new , but if we feel like having such drinks there are designated `` cocktail bars '' with better experienced barkeepers for that . 
  a random bar usually will have basic longdrinks , wine and beer and some `` house special '', 
  even prepacked and sealed ? 
  to be fair , nothing is as much hated as no accent with german intonation, 
  mostly holiday homes , some permant as 2nd home , some to camp at the adriatic sea, 
  well , i thought something like that when you `` healthy living '' . 
  some kind of vegetarian gumbo ? 
  okra is high regarded and not so common here, 
  i would be glad about beef jerky but i guess that is n't fitting so much with healthy living . 
  something from the creole cuisine maybe ? 
  it 's rather exotic here ... 
  only in some minor local club . 
  my great uncle was in the national team in the 70 's but to bad neither me nor my son had inherit much of his talent, 
  one of my sons plays in the local football club, 
  there are some churches here and they stated they have approx . 
  5000 members nationwide . 
  it 's more minor here , other dubios religions like jehova witness and seventh-day adventists are much more prelevant here, 
  french i guees, 
  i think a federation but with more power and autonomy at the nuts 1 or 2 level, 
  driver license is the most common , a passport is usual required abroad since not all eu-countries see the driver license as a valid id . 
  and as child the passport is the most common . 
  we have also an id card which is valid in the whole eu but since it is n't much cheaper then the passport nobody uses it, 
  use it as toilet paper or something , i guess it also includes burning it i do n't know really , i ca n't renember when the law was the last time prosecuted, 
  it 's up to 6 month jail or a fine depending on your income . 
  but i could n't renember anyone was ever sued for this . 
  maybe the amount of nudity ? 
  who knows ... \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  forgive my ignorance , but what makes a poster a bedroom poster ? 
   where is french useful though ? 
  africa, 
  are you from western austria ? 
  i somehow renembering the rauhn\u00e4chte traditions have a connection to the perchten which are more prevalent there, 
  we have a mandatory service and i guess it 's the most effective way to lose respect against ( our ) military and soldiers but to be said , the military here is highly respected for it 's disaster relief service, 
  / r/askanamerican / btw , it 's in the sidebar here, 
  no love for esperanto ? 
  and how would making spanish an additional official language forcing other people to learn it ? 
  forrest gump, 
  cheese and rye bread, 
  pizza and d\u00f6ner kebab, 
  my bil bought his car in germany , there is a better market than here . 
  but usually it 's only worthwhile if people living near the border , e.g. 
  people drive to bavaria for groceries or to slovenia for cigs ironical i could renember when i was a little brat my family driving to yugoslavia and hungary fill the cars with cheap things ( and cigarettes ) because is was so damn cheap at the time for western europeans, 
  ok , but between piran and rijeka is only 15min difference from my home :d, 
  if you are in switzerland try the `` tatarenhut '', 
  vw , it was also a little funny how everywhone acted like a personal attack during the emissions scandal . 
  second is skoda , especially the octavia station wagon, 
  graz gets often forgotten besides vienna and salzburg . 
  i 'm often in croatia , it 's the nearest coast from me , you met tourists everywhere and i do n't know any bias here from other austrians ? 
  yes , but it 's complicated , e.g. 
  the carinthian system pays less than the styrian system ... usually all `` neccesarry '' treatments are free , amalgan fillings are free , the ceramic one i have i had to pay , but you can get the cost of a amalgan filling back ... 
  literally dollfu\u00df, 
  yeah but it 's dependent on the priest , some are more liberal some more conservative . 
  some do n't let you marry in white if you have children before marriage, 
  i do n't if it is same in all branches of islam but a female muslim is n't allowed to marry an non muslim , male muslim can . 
  i also do n't know how the christian faith looks at marry non christ . 
  i know priest who allow marriage to atheist and priests who even do n't allow marriage to divorced christians . 
  but most importend , in a civil marriage the faith does n't matter, 
  the czech fairy tales were quite popular too , but more the live action movies like tri or\u00edsky pro popelku is one of the most popular . 
  for cartoons i only can renember krabat ( carodejuv ucen ? ), 
  and it was very eery ... 
  but santa claus is st. nikolaus and comes es at the 6th of december, 
  the traditions are variing thorugh the families , i grew up with different than my wife so it 's a little mix of both . 
  a little time before christmas we decorate the tree and build the nativity scene with a little toy sized barn and arrange them but without jesus and the three kings . 
  also the kids write a letter to the christkind with there wishes and leave them at the balcony . 
  at christmas we have a more festive dinner ( carp is traditional but nobody likes them so we mostly go with a different fish ) and at the afternoon i go with the children to a nativity play at the church . 
  also the jesus baby figurine is now placed in the barn . 
  when we come back the `` christkind '' ( literally christ child but infact mostly depicted a blond curly angel ) visited us left presents for us at the tree . 
  when we are not too tired there is a midnight mass , but i never went there with the children . 
  usually the day after christmas with are meeting the rest of the family . 
  also at that day the `` new years musicans '' , the local brass band , go from house to house and play for a donation or a hot wine punch . 
  at the 3 kings day , the 6th of january the thre kings figurines are placed at the barn . 
  childs dressed as the three kings are also going from house to house at this day and singing for donations on this day . 
  ( no traditions for americans , balthasar is doing a `` blackface '' ),
