  american related history is also a topic , especially revolutionary and civil war . 
  overall i can say asian history and modern history is n't that much covered, 
  hungarian attaches the adjectives to the nouns , because of this they have so long and weird looking words, 
  i 'm guessing it 's also a topic were you could mess up with many potential voters as politican, 
  surely not the stupiest thing but i 'm finding your legal drinking age very odd , `` old enough to serve , too young to drink a beer '', 
  not quiet in the same genre , but i want to add `` zucchero '' to the famous italian singers here, 
  `` h\u00e9roes del silencio '' was a quite good spanish rock band, 
   i have never been carded in my teenage life in austria in the 1990s . 
  yeah , little me somewhere in rural austria in the late 80ies . 
  mum asks to go to the shop to get some flour and butter , dad asks if i could bring him some cigs too , the friendly neighborhood drunkard i met on the street asks me if i could bring him a six-pack , give me nearly the double and says keep the change . 
  bought everything and some sweets from the drunkards extra money , never carded , why even bother i was under ten back than ... 
  halloween themed parties were you have to go in costume or get some drinks free when in costume are common . 
  in graz i saw a few children doing the `` trick or treat '' walk but in the more rural areas it 's absolute uncommon, 
  there are not so much islands in austria , so mostly in croatia . 
  krk , cres , rab , pag and mali losinj, 
  [ i guess this would be the oldest near me ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mmhiqe4.jpg ), 
  yes and a st. martin song i do n't know the title ( st. martin war ein guter mann ), 
  on 11th november , i 'll add it to the post, 
  [ amazon-link ] ( https://www.amazon.de/exec/obidos/asin/b00blici64/wascht-21 ), 
  i found an un-study which states the mistake rate is eu-wide 8-12 % of hospitalisations , the us one is around 10 % , but there is nothing about fatalities in the study . 
  i 've the feeling we are talking cross-purposes , i mistrust neither the us nor the systems of various eu-countries , though i find them more fair . 
  i think when `` money does n't matter '' you can get more out of the us-system . 
  ( which is also some kind of unfairness to `` avarge people '' ), 
  it looks like a standard washing mashine , it has a additional dryer function . 
  i 'm not really a fan of them , i have one too but i use the dryer function so seldom . 
  at least with my cheaper mashine i could only dry half of the maximal washing load . 
  for single households but very practical, 
  i trust my medical care too , more than the avarage american doctor , but i think the better pay and bigger research budget attracts top notch personal and more cutting-edge technology , but i guess i could n't afford it anyway if i would living there, 
  haribo , sadly ... 
  i guess it 's the same railway , as long the tunnel is n't finished it 's the most direct connection by train between northeastern and southeastern austria, 
  yes , they brought soft drinks too , especially the lemon one to mix the `` russ '' btw : the man who brings beer and candy , surely the main distributer of happiness in town . 
  in the village of the bavarian grannies of my wife they do this with beer crates . 
  put an empty crate on the front door , the truck from the local brewery comes around every odd day and exchange it with a full crate . 
  i get glass bottles from the farm , in supermarkets the cartons are common and sometimes plastic bottles . 
  btw : milk cartons always reminding me on [ this little austrian tv-highlight ] ( http://i.imgur.com/96apnsd.gifv ), 
  it 's on the railway between graz and vienna , they are now building a tunnel to bypass it because it 's really old and only slow speed is allowed . 
  there was a quiet spectacular accident last year in one of the tunnels : https://imgur.com/a/05fr5, 
  one of the most beautiful is for sure the [ semmeringbahn ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/32/semmeringbahn_20-schilling-blick_01.jpg ), 
  kinder suprise !, 
  honestly besides some weird legal rules , i have more the feeling that medical care in the states is better when you have the money to pay for it . 
  as i have an old shit laptop running on linux , i play more light on the hardware games . 
  * oxenfree is the last one i completed * crusader kings 2 is the longest played game on my list * pillars of eternity * kerbal space programm * american and euro truck simulator , my kids are loving it and i 've much to few time for any real progress in larger games ... 
  my wife is from bavaria , but i guess this does n't count edit : i 'm always impressed how similar our local dialect and bavarian is but how different the `` kitchen language '' is . 
   all in all , it 'll cost you $ 800 - $ 1000 . 
  it 's outrageous and a freaking conspiracy by big driving school . 
  i 've paid 1300 $ 14 years ago , they actually got cheaper , maybe because you can get you license also in the cheaper eu border countries i took the motorcycle part 5 years ago and combined it was much cheaper than i would have done the ab license at first ... 
  is n't it pretty similar in all eu-countries ? 
  the age requirements strangly differ a little in the motorcycle part ... 
  thats a very idealised picture of austria you have, 
  i always heart it was the mossad who killed him ... 
  [ i have no idea , it looks sooo tasty ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/gabelbissen.jpg ), 
  if into intestines there is milzschnitte , kutteln and beuschel in the austrian cuisine . 
  also so boring things like fried chicken and rabbit liver, 
  smoked fish , pickled vegetables , egg and lots of mayo in aspic . 
  sounds gross , but i was crazy after that as little child, 
  both is available in austria, 
  leberk\u00e4se is also everywhere here , but it 's no problem to get it in south germany i could think of some `` only austrian '' foods , but they are n't so popular here too like gabelbissen and horse-leberk\u00e4se . 
  edit : never thought almdudler is so widely available , but good for you, 
  i completely forgot about it , yes , does it still run ? 
  iceland , the flights are so damn expensive, 
  not very popular, 
  it could be a system like in usa with the national guards . 
  but i think an eu army only makes sense with a federalised eu state , who will be in charge of such an army now ? 
  i would guess the chamois . 
  it 's hard to answer that question because we share our biomes often with neighbouring countries and many alpine animals seem also like the tatra, 
  `` willkommen \u00d6sterreich '' , the first season paroded an older same named tv-show but they changed into a satirical late night show after that . 
  there were some self ironic tv-shows like `` ein echter wiener geht nicht unter '' ( a `` sit-com '' about a viennese working family , very vulgar houmor ) `` kaiserm\u00fchlen blues '' ( a show about life in the viennese district kaiserm\u00fchlen ) and the newer `` braunschlag '' ( about a small broke rural village which fakes a marian apparition to get some money ), 
  i think it 's all the most popular in austria too , only sports and the eurovision getting more viewers, 
  i like the eu, 
  competive or for leisure ? 
  maby i 'm biased because i grew up in small town with a huge public pool , but being near the water , does n't matter if pool , lake or a vacation at the sea and so swimming is a very common past time here . 
  but i do n't know anyone who do it as sport ... 
  really ? 
  it sounds mild compared to your descriptions of the school spirit ... 
  i forgot , usually with the revenues of the graduation ball ( you must buy a ticket , and we sell booze there ) the whole class takes one week vacation together after the finals . 
   she 's not a princess , and we call her camilla the gorilla ( idfk why ) . 
  yeah , she is more looking like a disappointed horse, 
  fuck , that was my first thought after i read the post title, 
  the school i 've attended always had a festival and an open house day , the whole school helped to organize . 
  also the `` classic '' speech of the principal to the whole school . 
  also there is a prom like graduation ball if you get the diploma . 
  it 's in the free time , but it 's vistited by a big part of the older students of the school and neighbouring schools . 
  also from people who have nothing to do with the school because the associated party is usually one of the biggest in town . 
  we had a `` sports week '' every 2 years with the whole class , where we went to a summer or winter sports ressort . 
  dispite this our class was very closely knit , maybe because i went to school in a rural area , i usually ran into the classmates at weekend and parties even if there was nothing appointed . 
  there are no school sports team like in the states here , closest thing i know is a catholic school which is closely tied to their church sponsored team . 
  if you want to play semi-professional youth sport then you start in the club of your home town ( nearly every little village has a soccer club here ) or in the next bigger city . 
  but i remember we watched some important matches of our handball team with the whole class . 
  was never really on the sea , only on adriatic ferries between the croatian islands . 
  i was fairly young at my first time at the sea , i guess it was at krk , so i ca n't renember . 
  my oldest son was very impressed by it when we were at vacation in rabac some years ago . 
  i do n't have really a longing for it , but i find it kin dof beautiful . 
  are or were they common in italy ? 
  the dive bar i wasted my youth had simply a ditch connected to a drain as pissoir with a metal sheet covering the wall behind it . 
  looked like 3rd world but it was nearly impossible to miss it even when you are complete drunk, 
  this was decades ago , but one time there was only a `` indian style '' hole in the floor toilet at an italian beach, 
  it seems like you stayed in prenzlauer berg or kreuzberg, 
  my wife like the shelf one better , cause she fears `` poseidons kiss '', 
  it suprises me you named not more commonwealth countries, 
  we have a love-hate relationship with germany,
