  view from the siegess\u00e4ule ? 
  [ the only pic i have from the village i live ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cbkekuf.jpg ) [ a much better pic , it 's not my town but 's not far away ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mmhiqe4.jpg ), 
  you moust admit she was in an quite abusive relationship for a while, 
  if the people wo n't vote the cdu merkel will not be the next chancellor . 
  she sees her the most fitting candidate in her own party, 
  there was much controversy about hungary and macedonia building a fence at the popular refugee routes . 
  also austrians ~ ~ fence ~ ~ gate with side parts at the slovenian border was n't well recived . 
  excuse if i ask , but is n't there already a fence at the mexican border ? 
  or does n't it go along the whole border ? 
  there was a little skiing place 30km from my parents home with stadium lights so you could use the pists also after dark . 
  was perfect for go there after work when i still lived at my parents place or visit my parents and then go there . 
  too bad it was closed last year :(, 
  well , i 'm neither an expert at sicilia nor at sri lanka , i ca n't answer this, 
  they are part if italy but have a regional goverment with much more competence and authority than other italian regions ( well , except south tyrol ), 
  had n't any trouble with mechanics here , but they are expansive too , so i often take it into my own hands with a friend who was mechanic . 
  it 's like asking the most beautiful state of usa ? 
  everyone his own beauty ... 
  lately i was often in croatia , the beautiful ( but rocky ) adriatic coast with the nice towns and villages is easy reachable for me . 
  but i 've also visited ireland , hungary , italy and germany and they are different but not more or less beautiful, 
  to add to the presidential election , both are very `` tame '' ( or at least seam to ) compared to their party colleagues . 
  the green candidate was mostly one of the most reasonable in his party before he retired and the blue candidate is very tame compared to the party leader . 
  the next election is also going to very `` interesting '' , unlike the green president candidate the whole party ca n't get the centrist behind them for various reason, 
  they also are an autonomous region today , with an own parlament and president . 
  two walls and some parts of the roof are from the 70s , the rest from the 90s . 
  the house of my parents was built in the 60s from my grandpa , they put another floor on it in the 90s . 
  a house i rented a floor before i bought my own house had 1907 inscribed in the roof beams, 
  it 's funny , both are n't that different , the one in the second pic is only less cared for ... 
  my lawn mower has a briggs & stratton engine , would buy again, 
  * [ backe backe kuchen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5um3ecx69jo ) was the favourite of my children at that age * songs with simple dances were also very popular , like [ br\u00fcderchen komm tanz mit mir ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a34dfw5de-c ) or [ ringel ringel reihe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeeqhclo1hy&amp;index=5&amp;list=ple8e8k0i_woghsvvbqrvd6nr88aqf3zrq ), 
  the problem with puplic transport system is the prices are reasonable for short and sometimes also middle distances , but are quite expensive for long distance without special offers . 
  you would be cheaper off with seperate use of long distance buses or special offers for travel between cities and use the public transport there . 
  there is also the [ eurorail pass ] ( http://www.eurail.com/eurail-passes ) , the full pass costs approx 500 $ per month and you could use most of the trains ( long disctance , regional and scenic , afaik also overnight with sleeping coaches ) of 5 countries of your choice for free . 
   austrian films up here have subtitles ols ob ia preissn uns net veastehn tattats , ia tuats jo nua so wals miat uns nix zuatun hobm mechats ^ / s, 
  it 's quite nice to hike the low difficult tracks in snow, 
  but where do you get the elephants nowadays ? 
  i did n't mean the `` babyklappe '' , which is also good to prevent acts of desperation . 
  you could give birth at the hospital and leave the baby there without any record , though you give up all your rights as parent after you leave, 
  i guess it 's because you need a permission from the youth service after a psychological counseling . 
  it should be made easier , like you said it does n't get used very much anyway, 
  personally i think a easy adoption service after birth is better , but i do n't oppose pro-choice . 
  i like there is an option for an anonymous birth here, 
  a german brewery bought the name rights and is brewing the beer somewhere in germany, 
   that weird unfunny thing germans like watching at christmas new years eve !, 
  mitsubishi had to rename their pajero also for the spanish speaking market , afaik it translates to wanker, 
  technical it 's a longer golf which resembles a bit the passat, 
  funnily skodas station wagons are very popular in austria, 
  do n't forget the ancient cast iron stoves ... 
  i know someone who had to return from kosovo because of gonorrhea , does this count ? 
   ursula does she like the little mermaid movie ? 
  my great granny had even balance scales , i always `` borrowed '' it and was fascinated by it as a little child, 
  the only exception i can think of is the `` becherkuchen '', 
  my grandmothers had all pretty germanic names but this would n't come back so soon i guess ... 
  maybe the british would ease your burden of democracy if you ask them nicely ? 
  it 's not , the 11th of november is st. martins day , not really a holiday but celebrated by children with a latern procession and there is a tradition to serve a roasted goose on this day, 
  there were a a broad anti irak war stance , not only from the left . 
  also do n't assume anti-us is a leftist thing in europe , anti- interventionism has a broad base regardless of political standpoint and the far and alt-right has a weird anti-us pro-putin thing, 
   i ca n't think of anything less breakfast-y than that black pudding ? 
  but goes well with an full english/irish breakfast, 
  it 's true, 
  here i found something helpful : [ all registered vehicles on the road listed with there year of first registration ] ( http://i.imgur.com/amph32p.png ) pkw = cars motorr\u00e4der 2 ) = motorcycles including < 125cc and electric cars for older/handicaped people motorfahrr\u00e4der 3 ) = motorcycles < 125cc lkw = trucks ( do n't ask me about the different classes ) sattelfahrzeug = semis zugmachinen = tractors and other agriculture vehicles sonstige = others , like buses , sidecar bikes , harvesters , motorhomes and so on, 
  well , your question sounded like if we drive all shiny new cars here ... 
  most people here drive 2nd hand , acc . 
  to statistik austria in september there were 36.000 new private vehicles ( cars + motorcycle ) registered , but 92.000 used vehicles ( no information if there are commercial vehicles included ) were registered to new owners . 
  but yes , also a lot people are leasing new cars and switch to a new car every few years . 
  the mot sorts usually out older ( 15 + ) cars , and drives up the prices of good survivors/classic cars up . 
  there is also the `` historical vehicle '' status which makes some things easier and cheaper ( and others more complicated ) , but it 's a bit of a pita to get . 
  is there a place where there is n't one ? 
  i could guess the intend , pigs really fucking like acorns, 
  i guess there is a `` dentist day '' but when you have heavy toothache you do n't want to wait, 
  some people count the former iron courtain as border for eastern europe, 
  they broadcast usally on new year 's eve and at one of the christmas holidays concerts the whole day, 
   3sat you are right , orf also contributes to 3sat , but since i never could get it terrestial and was always paired to with the german station at satelite tv i somehow forgot/not thought about it . 
  3sat has always great topic days and concert days, 
  yeah , it 's a lie , you could get plenty of both in amsterdam, 
  orf1 - national tv , sports and a lot of foreign series and movies dubed to german . 
  in-house production of `` popular show concepts '' . 
  only ads between the shows . 
  orf2 - national tv , more in-house shows for older folks ( tradional music , gardening and so on ) and good documatations ( in-house and/or in coorparation with bbc ) . 
  also only ads between the shows . 
  orf3 - national tv , the `` culture channel '' , good docs , arthouse movies and theater and opera broadcasts . 
  orf sport - national tv , because of weird laws it only broadcasts nishe sports . 
  atv - first private tv-station , much of trashy `` reality shows '' . 
  servus tv - owned by redbull owner . 
  braodcasts sports which are sponsored by red bull and lots of mountaineering and mountain traditions docs, 
  yes , but that will usually take significant longer, 
  you could form a group with the other former yugoslavian countries , would n't that be fun ? 
  * breathing intensifies *, 
  in slovenia and austria there is a highway toll , you need to buy a toll sticker ( available at petrol stations or at the border ), 
  so where did bob go ? 
  thanks , then the hungarian girl did n't explained me that well enough ... btw : both would be correct , but `` roter wein '' is more `` flowery '' speech and is n't really used, 
  in elemtary school there is a subject called `` sachunterricht '' , it 's mixture of history , geography , biology and physics . 
  sounds weird at first but it 's not a bad concept . 
  you learn about the animals , the geographic and geologic features , history and traditions , and weather and other influences of a specific region . 
  1st grad the town/village is the topic , 2nd grad the county , 3rd grad the state and 4rd grad the country . 
  it is n't that in-depth since it 's a wide topic and elementary school but usually quite interesting and done with many excursions . 
  the next 4 years it usally starts in prehistory and ancient times ( alexander is a big topic ) and moves on , the 4th year is usally very centered at 2nd ww but also the 1st ww and the troubles in austria between the wars and the aftermath of the 2nd ww . 
  it 's a bit centered to europe and a little bit america . 
  after the 8th year you should have decided if you go into the trades and start a apprenticeship , where you go the 9th in a more practical orientated school , i do n't know how much history is in there curiculum , but i guess not much . 
  and you the choice to go 4 year general education fixated school or a 5 year practical orientated school , in both history is about in-depth knowledge of specific events . 
  2nd ww is a very huge topic again , also the history of houses babenberger and habsburg , both very importend to austria .
