  mostly german , tatort is maybe the most popular . 
  it is n't hard here to get the german channels . 
  also sometimes late at night comes the good stuff like `` later with jools holland '', 
  maybe it 's regional but i do n't hear it that often . 
  `` shit '' , `` crucifix '' , `` damn '' , `` devil '' and `` oh my dear '' seem to be more common ( and some untranslatable like `` kruzit\u00fcrken '' ), 
  is this the real life ? 
  is this just fantasy ? 
  the traffic police every now and then, 
  they give you here the large shipping boxes of the fruits for free, 
  the delievery is also done by the midwife ( most times by two ) here , then one calls the doctor who checks the baby, 
  i meaning which one is doing it , i guess it 's everytime one of them at least in europe , 
  for the big ones , the little one for fruits and vegetables are free, 
  counties are the `` bezirke '' , i do n't know any bezirk with an coat of arms, 
  i do n't know , there is much hate for the eu here , even from people who profite from it, 
  last two years once because the transformer station get damaged and 2 times that were scheduled because they put a new house at the power line i 'm living quite rural and most lines are underground . 
  10 years ago i worked for a quite small rural town at their supply company ( i do n't know how to translate `` stadtwerke '' ) and one of the big jobs were putting the last lines underground . 
  every state building has the national flag and the state flag , the coat of arms of a town/city is usually shown at the town halls , some as flags , some as mural , like the town i live now . 
  counties do n't have a special flag or coat of arms . 
  some creative use of such an symbol , the town i grew up could be translated to `` bears creek '' and on the coat of arms are also a bear and water . 
  so they made bear sculptures for the fountain in the park , which looked a bit like the coat of arms . 
  `` rode '' them as child more than once ... 
  if some local did n't me told how to pronounce keszthely i would n't have any idea and surely would have butchered it, 
  some are advocating to reduce redundant or better say parallel structures ( like every state has his own public health insurer ) . 
  also there is an ongoing argument if a more centralised hospital and `` health center '' structure would be much cheaper without hurting the service quality ( much ) but privatising health care would be a political suicide here, 
  yeah , the white one with the red stripe looked a bit cheap , does n't the mp still use these colours ? 
  the town where the grannies of my wife live, 
  not exactly pre world war but puch produced cars and motorcycles . 
  most famous are their offroad vehicles which some are still produced by mercedes today ( the g-class ) and their license build of the old fiat 500 nowadays some of their production sites are owned by magna , which does car components and final assembly of many brands edit they also produced weapons , now under the steyr-mannlicher brand, 
  skoda ocatvia vw passat ( i thik they were phased out and replaced by octavia and sharan ) vw sharan ( i think it 's the now most common one ) vw transporter bmw 3 series since we have no national brand anymore , why not ? 
  motorcycle are mostly from bmw , but i think i 've seen some older hondas too, 
  we are not in the nato so that 's no issue, 
  yes , it 's suprisingly good in austria, 
  the sp\u00d6 , austrias center-left , is still one of the more popular parties . 
  let you not fool by our president election , the green party remains relative small here, 
  they are hunted by the `` lefty left hunting party '' and the `` state press '' like the nazi hunted the jews . 
  i have to see the speech again to remember the exact context , but it 's something in the vein `` we are always portraited as the evil aggressors by the leftist and press but in reality we are the victims like the jews '' ~ ~ edit : i did a small research and the party leader should have said it at their annual fraternity ball where there are always demonstrations . 
  some frat members were hurt during their protest and that 's the reason they feel threaded like the jews in the past, 
  they literally said they are `` the jews of the present '', 
  for foreigners without much knowledge about austria in the 90s braunschlag would be a better choice, 
  my german wife can relate much to `` mausimaus '' ... 
  uncle erwin . . 
  kaiserm\u00fchlen blues and braunschlag depicting the county and city/town politics in satirical way, 
  the house parties . 
  from people fron the streets come to crash the party , to the one keg of beer which makes everyone drunk, 
  football and skiing, 
  graz , because there is a bar with my favourite beer and before 8 o'clock the big glass costs as much as the small one, 
  in which points ? 
  how do you think the camerons government handled the refugee crisis and how would the labour handled it if they were in charge ? 
  fun for the whole ( second ) family !, 
  do you think cameron 's government did a good job ? 
  we are into more darker stuff ... 
  wtf , my native language was guessed to be chinese , english or dutch . 
  should i feel now honoured or not ? 
  i 'm not that deep into british politics but is n't from 2010 until may with david cameron a member of center right leader of the government and so his responsibility to do something ? 
  `` im westen nichts neues '' is also very common . 
  we 've also watched the name of the rose to compare it with the book, 
  i do n't know what you mean , their is a distinct between right wing and far right , from the international and `` alt-right '' media most refugee loving portraited person is angela merkel who is the leader of a right wing party . 
  i think most vote the moderate right because of their market liberal stance . 
  the far right on the other hand is openly anti refugee here and you only have to look at their social media site that to see many voters share their line . 
  do you want to say right wing is not anti refugee , only anti muslim refugee ? 
  i used the the property instantly after we signed the contract at a lawyers office . 
  [ seattle / spokane / minneapolis ] ( https://nyti.ms/2rpfrsp ), 
  what 's the opinion of the berlin population ? 
  the pics of the final design looked a bit odd, 
  the politicians ... 
  all but one of course !, 
  busen actually meant once the gap between the breast, 
  it was n't bad but i dind ' t like the ending , it was a bit over the top, 
  there even two , we wached the old one in religious education back in school, 
  what the dialect that pronounces ch like sch ? 
  south tyrol and sicilia has and they are the regions who would secessed . 
  south tyrol would certainly loose autonomy if the join austria, 
  some tunnels like the one replacing the scenic but old and slow train route over the semmering between graz and vienna ( which could be considered as mega project back then ) but i think the mega in this projects is more on the political site than on the construction one ... a real mega project in the past would be our first nuclear plant we voted to better not turn on shortly before it was finished . 
  and windisch means wends which refers to slavs, 
  well there are the states of lower and upper austria, 
  yes, 
  we started at grade 3 with english , my kids now learn first phrases and counting in kindergarten, 
  in austria the baby gets the citizenship of the mother and also of the father if both parents wish it ( that 's something rather recent ) . 
  in your example the baby is already in the custody of an austrian mother so i do n't think it 's could be `` used '' as anchor child but `` ianal '', 
  only two unfortunately . 
  the schools have different curriculums for languages , i took the `` science '' route in gymnasium so i did n't have to choose a third language at grade 7 . 
  yeah , afaik the kameradschaftsbund , our vet association , does sometimes remembrance with a brass band . 
  usually every church has a small shrine for the fallen of both world wars who lived in its parish, 
  judging from pictures maybe northern california, 
  well , gays could `` marry '' here too , it just is n't called marriage . 
  yeah but usually it closes with `` but you are n't allowed to say this today because of lefty left and good people '', 
  we had an hand ball hall for us , played much indoor soccer and jogging to and around the near lake . 
  some older teacher had this sentiment but we had also some female teacher . 
  no , smaller school , smaller city ;-), 
  it was a rural school but the only gymnasium in the county and even some carinthians people came to our school because it was nearer . 
  you had gender separated sports ? 
  we had so few woman in the htl they had to exercise and play with us , separated locker rooms of course ... 
   inspector rex but , but inspektor gibs kan !, 
  yeah , but i think ice hockey has the largest tv presence, 
  at the gymnasium were were 28 between grade 5 and 8 . 
  then i changed to a higher technical school , at grade 9 we were 36 but every year not all did make it and at graduation in grade 13 we were 16, 
  she said actually `` the times we could trust others completly are a bit over , that 's what i 've experienced the last days '', 
  i do n't know if they even have an english dub * braunschlag * aufschneider * kaiserm\u00fchlen blues * ein echter wiener geht nicht unter * the `` universum '' - docs international maybe most popular : * kommisar rex, 
  either handball or ice hockey, 
  i do n't make much science about tomato soup , cook some tomatoes , prepare them with the [ `` flotte lotte '' ( is this translateable ?
