  the cars that chevrolet sell in europe are rebranded deawoo , which also belongs to gm, 
  i do n't know , many people thinking vw and audi are something superior here , but japanese cars are very common here too . 
  funnily , without really looking for it , i had only german cars until today ... 
  tbh , you can count ford europe almost as european car company , it has a much autonomy from their mother company and the final assembly sites are all in europe ( ok , ford otosan is in turkey , i do n't want to start that discussion here ), 
  also mention able : tackern 1 with it 's neighbour village tackern 2 \u00c4u\u00dfere ein\u00f6de und innere ein\u00f6de , outer and inner wastelands, 
  a bit a disadvantage ( or advantage if you already own one ) of africa twin is it 's living legend status , so it 's quite high priced on the used market, 
  looks good , but i neither rode the new nor the old one . 
  but the transalp , which is basically it 's street version was quite comfy and easy to handle, 
  here too, 
  do you identify yourself as panzerabwehrrohr and like to drop hot loads on enemies ? 
  is absolutism when you only drink absolut ? 
  well , a transalp is imho sufficient . 
  tbh i do n't use high viz but also not all in black leather, 
  in sense of bribery takes you farther in everyday life , no , in sense of nepotism and cronyism yes . 
  also politicians regularly doing shady deals, 
  puts on high viz gear : r/motorcycle, 
  austrians for sure , i do n't know about other countries, 
  you enlisted after the end of conscription/mandatory service ? 
  if not , how was the transition ? 
  well , it does n't matter which car you want , if it 's available in the states it 's cheaper there . 
  but also every car is cheaper in germany too ( which leads to people importing from there when the price difference is high enough ), 
  there are panwshops/panwbroker in the poorer parts of the cities , the usually advertise with pawning your car while you could still use it . 
  there are some regular banks which give smaller credits with a bit higher interests , but nothing to shady/expensive ( e.g. 
  santander bank ), 
  it seems every car is cheaper in the states , but on the other hand , every car is also cheaper in germany ... 
  tbh i would took a broomstick for an training excercise than cleaning a gun again after shooting with blank cartridges, 
  the furniture shops rent it to you for free if yo buy enough, 
  well we have the seventh-day adventist church and the jehova 's witness here too , albeit they are both a little bit older than 100 years . 
  usually men drink beer and woman drink wine , but really nobody cares if it 's opposite . 
  at the bars were i were when i was younger vodka and rum long drinks were common for both , only with shots sweeter liqueur was prefered by woman while men choosed `` clear '' ones . 
  but this were deep rural places , maybe it 's different in the cities, 
  really ? 
  it 's usually something germans first mention about things they find funn about austrian german, 
  = will we really ( = eh ) be there soon ? 
  `` ja , eh klar '' = yes , of course, 
  the austrian universal word `` eh '' which even do n't exist in german german, 
  well , first brings a tractor with trailer here , last a flatbed with tank . 
  not very , a guy does it here for older folks i have a rather large lot ( 2000m \u00b2 ) and most of it does a mowing robot, 
  it 's good but my impression is nobody watches the good shit . 
  in austria there are `` universum '' docs ( they ate not about the universe , more like about everything ) at prime rime , which are mostly good and often coproduced with bbc , but other things they pack at their 3rd channel nobody watches . 
  germany has also good tons of shows , but not many at the main channel . 
  a bit unlikely favorite of mine is `` die sendung mit der maus '' which is a `` how it 's made '' for children but really good explained , but their are tons good shows which run at inconvenient times or at small channels ( like zdf info , arte or 3sat ) which are seldom watched, 
  mostly station wagons or vans home depots and furnitor shops usually have a [ `` pritsche '' ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dd/fiat_ducato_pritsche_front_20081223.jpg ) to give or for rent, 
  oh , that 's also an austrian problem, 
  technically jesus is also from antiquity, 
  what beer do you serve them ? 
  police `` raids '' at bars and looking for minors who are too young or are still there after their maximun outgo time are happening here too . 
  i did n't see an alcohol vending mashine since ages , but the cig vending mashine need a bank card with your age stored on it to function . 
  when i was young they simple were hanged a little bit higher which was n't that effective . 
  but that was a different time , our highschool had an decided smoking courtyard were you can get a permjt to enter from the director wheb you are 16. , . 
  it was before temelin , chernobyl was quite in public memory in the 90 's also the vault under the school must be older, 
  we had one for nuclear incidences ,, 
  my wife has some kind of ptsd and sees all the dead beheaded rabbits hanging in the courtyard of her mothers farm when i only mention we could try rabbit once , so sadly not for me, 
  `` sch\u00f6ne feiertage '' , which means basicaly the same , is common here and nobody sees it as non-christian , there is simply more than christmas celebrated in a short time span, 
  i hope i made no italien cry , but sometimes i put pizza toppings on a polenta slice and bake it . 
  what 's the italian opinion of that ? 
  there is a small camp a bit secluded the outskirts of our village , i see them often doing groceries and their kids biking . 
  have n't had any real interactions with them , so no bad nor good experiences , they are just there edit : i nearly forgot , a friend of mine came here as a bosnian refugee in the early 90 's . 
  edit2 : also at the beginnin gof the wave in 2015 , a refugee asked me the direction to a specific church . 
  i gave him the fastest way by foot , but afterwars i thought by bus i would be far easier , i hope he asked someone else after me who gave him better directions, 
  yeah it varies also a lot in austria and dialects from tirol and vorarlberg are another level ... dialect got also weaker over the time , the dialect spoken everyday and that from a granny is noticeable different . 
  the attitude is mixed , many see it as part of their heritage , other see it as `` farmers speak '' . 
  also non bavarian germans dislike our dialect, 
  well , there ia the commercialised `` volkst\u00fcmlicher schlager '' and real folk which is n't performed by a band , rather the family does it at gatherings ( it 's real seldom today , i know one classmate always played with his brothers and their grandpa ) . 
  then their is the `` gstanzl '' and the more urban version of it the `` wiener lied '' . 
  songs you sing together and/or perfomed by a small band usually in a tavern . 
  mostly vulgar and/or sarcistic . 
  `` hey , juliska '' comes in my mind too, 
  cyprus ? 
  fix up an old farm is a bit common here , you integrade the barn into the new housing usually, 
  i also like glawogger 's docs, 
  [ i would n't say it 's a typical one ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zgumu ), 
  [ falco - ganz wien ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uur3xwyatbm ) [ falco - wiener blut ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omrwcix41sy ) [ falco - vienna calling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtlsjrmx5ic ), 
  depending where you live it 's the fastest way to the sea, 
  croatia and italia are always popular until some years ago hurghada was also a top destination, 
  for strawberry jam i usually boil the berries with sugar until the consistent is right , most work is getting the glasses sterile and the cleaning afterwards, 
  you could make ketchup also yourself just like jam , boiling tomatoes with sugar , just add vinegar and seasonings to it . 
  but i did n't try it , i have other uses for the tomatoes too, 
  that was a fun and interesting thread , it seems it even inspires an r/askanamerican thread if it 's common to make jam yourself because so many answered that in this here . 
  ( of course some accused us for being smug and lying ), 
  so many german people at our universities, 
  afaik they want the deutscher bund back or at least the borders of it . 
  something with a union of all german nations, 
  monika unger , who can be seen as closest as a spokesperson for the movement , says austria is occupied at least since 1918 , but i ca n't find anything about they want instead , other than evading tax and laws . 
  smoking everywhere , but the attitude to it has changed/is changing over the last years, 
  well there are some fraternities want the german empire back , but our `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' call themself staatsverweigerer, 
  ours are at least more harmless ( at least until now ), 
  mandatory subscription and ads , but only between the broadcasts , not during it, 
  the d\u00f6ner place had to shut down because there was a special integrant in the white sauce, 
  i did n't see one for a long time ... 
  i guess the time my parents opel ascona broke down in the middle of italians nowhere-land and no opel shop was near , so the alfa romeo shop tinkered some alfa parts into it that we could at least drive home . 
  my sister also lost it 's pacifier any we did n't know thr italien word for it nor where to buy one it was n't thar bad and surely more inconvinient for my parents than me edit : it took 3 days to fix the car, 
  salzburg vorarlberg as it borders to switzerland w\u00f6rthersee in carinthia is also popular with the richer people most cities have there rich districts , mostly the old town and a mansion district in a quieter outskirt, 
  what 's your definition of playing ? 
  see many ski but not for competition and when you look at it from this site biking and running is far more common . 
  for competive sports i would say football and handball , but the 3rd place is more tricky . 
  thinking about it and your examples , for a fair comperation you can only compare west germany to austria , because similar sites in historical context are not part of todays austria . 
  for example one of our important mining region was galicia which is now part of poland and ukraine . 
  the heavy industry which often looks dreary today was more spread thorugh the empire , especially bohemia and central hungary had important part of it . 
  the mur-m\u00fcrz-furche is such a region in austria and i would say it 's cities are n't exactly the most beautiful in austria , [ albeit the view is really better than in the lowlands ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/aa/huette_donawitz.jpg ) .
