  she takes wine in the basket to her grandmother , with other things , though . 
  you 've made a mistake . 
  it is n't about mentioning hitler at all . 
  it 's about  trying to refute an opponent 's view by comparing it to a view that would be held by adolf hitler or the nazi party . 
  a ) i 'm not arguing with anyone . 
  b ) this is n't about views . 
  i 'm simply pointing out the similarity of their actions . 
  if that ` rule ' was really that broad , no-one would ever be allowed to bring up nazi germany in any context ever . 
  i mean ones that are about twenty metres high . 
  and that was a lie , i saw a documentary about chairman mao , and there 's a carving of his face in a mountain that 's about that tall in china . 
  i think because their country is so big , they sometimes forget that it is n't actually a palpable object . 
  the usa looks , from the outside , as the world 's biggest cult . 
  your comment is ambiguous . 
  do you care ? 
  i 've never seen anyone else cry at their national anthem except americans and north koreans . 
  i 've never seen huge statutes of dead presidents except in the us and north korea . 
  i 've never seen the news point fingers to foreign enemies as much as fox news and that channel on dprk tv . 
  the religious right wing people in the us ban books like little red riding hood because it mentions wine , but then want a gun in every classroom . 
  and americans used to salute their flags in the same way that we 'd recognise as a nazi salute today . 
  an alien civilisation could be forgiven for questioning the shit out of american practices . 
  also , british problems knows what it is . 
  no person 's going to go ` oh look , an annoyed person . 
  that 's not what this sub is about . ', 
  name the capital of shandong province , china . 
  or tamil nadu , india . 
  the simple fact is that people are less knowledgable about subdivisions of other countries , regardless of size . 
  it 's just less important . 
  no , steve , that 's south east asia . 
  find europe first . 
   you 'd think they 'd use some sort of automated mapmaking tool instead of rubbing shit in the eyes of the viewers . 
  merci . 
  what map template did you use to make this ? 
  on a side note , how much can you understand brazilian portuguese ? 
  i heard the most popular participant sports in finland were ice hockey and rally driving . 
  is that true , or are people just watching each other drive to the shops ? 
  the normal measurement is by kilowatt hours , or kwh . 
  i 've no idea of prices . 
  no-one says deutsch in english . 
  we 'd do the measuring with our 500km ruler . 
  the dutch and danish . 
  confusing americans since language . 
  at least you 'd have an arbitrator between the flemish and walloons . 
  in a venn diagram of / r/europe and / r/polandball subscribers , there is a doughnut . 
  the inner circle is europeans , and the outer portion is americans who make state jokes that no-one gets , and brazilians who hue . 
  the us is europe ? 
  so where do germans go ? 
  how do you get estonian booze ? 
  just drive there ? 
   there are loads of german tourists everywhere . 
  so people in south europe hate brits for vomiting on their seaside towns . 
  i wonder how the dutch view everyone who wants to smoke there . 
  we already have . 
  using the people we voted for . 
  aye , i get you can have other data from other sources too . 
  i went blind from the amount of figures you wrote there . 
  because greenland is n't considered integral to the country in the same way that french guiana is . 
  it 's like comparing northern ireland and bermuda for the uk , or aruba and bonaire for the netherlands . 
   aka hdi is * partly * bullshit, 
  bosnia has n't had a proper census since about ' 93 , so it 's anomalous in so many maps , probably because a lot of their data is 20 years old . 
  there 's also one about armadillos and hedgehogs , but what 's your point ? 
  you can already filter by language if you need it . 
  just need the ability to filter by europe . 
  / r/europe . 
  go away if you do n't like it . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  illuminating . 
  would you ever type it to another person ? 
  a dialect of which language , though ? 
  ooh , look , a real life gibraltar person . 
  is llanito a real thing ? 
  how much do people speak it ? 
  are you americ * n ? 
  why do you have an eu flag , imposter ? 
  it makes me sad that ` americ * n ' is so big . 
  case in point . 
  black history month is n't a / r/europe thing . 
  the us is everywhere else on reddit . 
  post your complaint there . 
  he 's also uses the st george 's cross . 
  notoriously used by fucktards outside of football , rugby and cricket celebrations . 
  no-one is . 
  they 've been dead for a thousand years . 
  heinz on hovis with tea . 
  that 's british . 
  what 's this coffee nonsense ? 
  nothing pickled ? 
  the true international breakfast . 
  i imagine this is what they serve at the un canteen . 
   fish  fermented the two words i associate with scandinavia more than any other . 
  i also think the ` richard the lionheart ' and whatnot is due to them being nobles and royals . 
  it 's still different for british royals , who do n't technically have surnames . 
  it pains me when i hear a north american voice say ` begovick ' . 
  i do n't even speak a slavic language , but at least european football has exposed me to people 's names across the continent . 
  i wish the works was like switzerland where one could challenge laws personally and individually . 
  they use wow gold . 
  polandball references in this sub are quite popular . 
  wonder why . 
  it would boost the flag and map industries . 
  false third party ` choice ' . 
  by becoming more popular , they risk drawing votes from , and therefore weakening , the party they most sympathise with .
