  is the king going to the caribbean netherlands or to other countries ? 
  but we see it * all * the time . 
  something at a score of -10 , then someone replies to it saying * ` why is this being downvoted ? 
  ' * , then a few minutes later the voting trend flips on its head and the comment has a score of +25 . 
  peoples ' opinions * do * influence others . 
  what 's your point then ? 
  how can knowing the exact score help conversation ? 
  hiding the score would at least make it uncertain whether the ones at the bottom were being piled upon of were simply ignored . 
  who knows how bandwagoning works ? 
  would people still downvote someone based on a contributor 's opinion if they could n't see the direct effect they made on the score of the person they disagreed with ? 
  who knows ? 
  that 's why we need to try it out . 
  your first comment sounds like you 're just afraid of change . 
  well it seems terrifically unfair to compare the eu with nazi germany . 
  they 're still positioned on the page according to the normal metrics , but you just do n't know if the score is +3 or +300 . 
  what were you saying about koleye ? 
  i like koleye . 
  what does that mean ? 
  ... i 'm not sure what you mean by that . 
  this is the best way to find a good solution . 
  i 'd support this if the mods got on board for experimenting . 
  upvote/downvote is n't discussion . 
  replies are discussion . 
  knowing the ` score ' does little to help discussion , it only presents peoples ' opinion on the comment before you read it . 
  mods should intervene as little as possible . 
  yeah , if you want your sub to turn into / r/funny . 
  mods should be gardeners , sowing seeds and pulling weeds . 
  crafting a community . 
  bear in mind this is series e , so about 6 , 7 years ago likely . 
  that 's dead , apparently . 
  in favour of [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trans-adriatic_pipeline ) . 
  well the russian state did sort of start with the kievan rus . 
  are you saying over land or the black sea ? 
  if if the sea , it might be the world 's longest undersea oil pipeline , over the uk-norway one . 
  a lot of investment needs to take place with that . 
  breaking news : kiev launches enquiry into where black sea whales have come from , and how fishermen knew about them already . 
  bookmarking this for future reference . 
  if the country has an ` independence day ' , i 'd say to use that date as when the country was ` born ' . 
  but we already knew * that * , obviously . 
  i was actually asking , and thanks for replying . 
  this seems very bizarre . 
  perhaps more parallels can be drawn between the romani and jewish than we care to realise . 
  how about we divide the lebanon into two areas : one for the romani a -- oh wait , that did n't work the first time we did it . 
  [ you do n't use it ? 
  ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?allowed_in_frame=0&amp;search=kudos&amp;searchmode=none ), 
  education . 
  who learned about gypsies ? 
  i certainly do n't know fuck all past the surface . 
  why do they live like they do ? 
  i 've heard that most gypsies do n't live on caravan sites like you hear , but actually live normal lives and are simply an ethnic group . 
  how come you never hear of the hundreds of thousands of them in the usa ? 
  what 's different there ? 
   social security number or national insurance number . 
  you speak as if all these countries have been isolated forever . 
  yeah , why do n't we send the blacks to africa too ? 
   kudos did you use that greek word deliberately ? 
  very small bad at football territory taken by germany , belgium and france in past . 
  is now small compared to original size . 
  cheap alcohol many portuguese rich luxembourgish - the most ridiculously named language in the world radio and satellite tv used to broadcast from here to avoid tax . 
  i have never met a luxembourger , never known one and never heard one . 
  as far as i know , luxembourg is fictional and everyone is in on the joke except me . 
  what 's a russia ? 
  nope , never heard of it . 
  you do n't need to make it about the us . 
  of course . 
  maybe not today , but if they can get their shit together sooner or later , then yes . 
  and armenia/azerbaijan and iran . 
  do n't want to get mixed up there any time soon . 
  call it bohemia and moravia . 
  since europe lost serbia and montenegro , bosnia and herzegovina has been the only long named country . 
  it 's so alone . 
  unless jan vennegoor of hesselink is sovereignty , some time this year , this is the only way to solve it . 
  china has n't had an opinion since the 70s . 
  is china the prc or the roc ? 
  turkey is in europe . 
  biggest of the [ small states of europe . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/games_of_the_small_states_of_europe ) divided between turkish and greek cypriots . 
  they did a bank failure . 
  stolen cars end up there , bought by british immigrants . 
  famagusta ( a city in the north ) used to be a tiny village but grew huge when the ottomans ejected christians and they sought refuge in cyprus when the venetians controlled it . 
  they grew rich there , then a few years later the ottomans took control of cyprus and famagusta was the last christian stronghold on the island . 
  the gothic cathedral there still stands and is used as a mosque now . 
  source ? 
  the sound of children ca n't give you cancer . 
  glad we do n't live somewhere where they actually barbecue then . 
  you should still worry . 
  it 's flowing your way . 
  oh , stop circlejerking !, 
  one of the factors in the us that makes it popular is that the procedure has been encouraged to squeeze extra money out of the parents . 
  i was just wondering if that existed in israel too , or if religion was the sole big factor . 
  how 's their healthcare system ? 
  public or for-profit ? 
  no , jews are anteaters who learned to walk upright . 
  how else do you explain khummus ? 
  why 's everything a circlejerk all of a sudden ? 
  stop the train i eant to get off, 
  what does that mean ? 
  how do you quantify that ? 
  you 're talking shit . 
  already have tried to .
