  europe , in the style of cubism . 
  netherlands ? 
  long form and fancy writing . 
  scotland does n't exist ? 
  [ and in technicolour !, 
  gulvplanke just does what people in olden times do : make a wavy coast to make it look [ like you know what you 're doing . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/70/piri_reis_world_map_01.jpg ), 
  and keep heinz beans . 
  capitalised for your pleasure . 
  it 's bloody complicated ... 
  sherlock over here . 
  are they breton ? 
  i always thought they were viking . 
  but i never read them ... 
  how detached are the azores from mainland portugal ? 
  yeah , kid 's maps . 
  ... or dumfries and galloway ... 
  it 's a kid 's map ... 
  i though kafka was an austrian ... 
  between 04 and 06 ? 
  serbia and montenegro is a country and romania and bulgaria have n't joined the eu ... 
  joke , no ? 
  i 'm facepalming all over this thread . 
  / r/europe , i 'm ashamed . 
  of the entire country ? 
  pronouncing that , you can understand the belfast pronunciation of `` belfast '' . 
  i lived with someone from there and he pronounced it `` coynty trone '' . 
  if you 're along how to pronounce the irish name , then ... 
  france was decreasing at he end of last year , and below the uk . 
  what happened ? 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking . 
  maybe they do n't * do * young people there . 
  not significant when you 're talking about climate . 
  it 's another psychotic festival like the bull run , easter fires or la tomatina . 
  i think . 
  `` the bahls , the canahls ... '' our is it the more paul merson : `` bowews , canawws '' ? 
  europe must always be compared to the us . 
  always . 
  ... in irish . 
  he did n't use deutschland , espa\u00f1a or italia , so why use eire ? 
  slovenia is a relatively small and young country , though . 
  places like germany have had hundreds of years to accumulate stereotypes . 
  consider yourself lucky until a handful of slovenian idiots misrepresent the entire country and give you a bad name . 
  i do n't go out drinking like the stereotype seems to be , so i do n't care about alcohol tolerance . 
  the last time i drank was cava at christmas dinner . 
  maybe you should stop stealing cars then . 
  you 're the reason we drink !, 
  * ireland, 
  all the sunny countries hate the uk . 
  i wonder if it 's because our drunk idiots go to the mediterranean . 
   we do not regard the english as foreigners . 
  we look on them only as rather mad norwegians ... said by ex norwegian politician halvard lange . 
  there 's definitely something wrong with alcohol attitudes in this country . 
  d'awwww . 
  we potato you too . 
  france - hairy , smell of garlic . 
  germany - efficient , humourless , camp , non-threatening nazis . 
  belgium - love chocolate and are boring . 
  switzerland - love chocolate and are boring . 
  sweden - blonde hair , blue eyes , eat meatballs . 
  norway - blonde hair , blue eyes , rich as hell . 
  ireland - drunk . 
  love potatoes . 
  spain - all they do is siesta and throw donkeys off roofs . 
  poland - builders latvia , lithuania - bouncers iceland - strongest men in the world . 
  a crucifix with a turd on it . 
  this is a a ridiculous post . 
  we ca n't have every national and sub-national flag anyone fancies . 
  uk : nothing . 
  all the christmas stuff happens on the day . 
  but if they consider themselves not part of denmark , why would they pay attention the danish laws ? 
  but merica is diverse too . 
  iowa and idaho are as different as finland and albania . 
  so , hard brown rolls ? 
  3 pm is early tea-time . 
  the one thing i love about the usa food is waffles , maple syrup and bacon . 
  yeah , lots . 
  we have soy or lactose-free . 
  but i do n't drink tea at all anyway . 
  or to dilute it . 
  my mother likes white wine and lemonade . 
  when i was in london , the chips were fantastic . 
  however , the gravy was brown water . 
  boston . 
  i hate the conservatives getting pissy about putting more money in than the uk gets out . 
  is n't that what it was all about , making europe a more equal , fair and better place to be ? 
  why does n't they just withdraw and sit on a high horse above eastern europe and refuse to take part ? 
  this is a union is , cameron . 
  teamwork . 
  help . 
  northern irish folks can choose which country to represent of gb or ireland . 
  me ( male ) and my male friends hug . 
  adults , too . 
  a greeting hug , and no american football bum slaps . 
  wait , who does which side ? 
  if you two met , it would be like when you pass a stranger down a lane , unsure of which side to go . 
  wait , who does which side ? 
  if you two met , it would be like when you pass a stranger down a lane , unsure of which side to go . 
   old ladies sometimes grab children that sounds very sinister . 
  george bush walked around holding the hand of the king of saudi arabia when he went .
