  like some shitty artificial cardboard pop-up floridian bullshit soulless gimmick ` community ' that will be populated by dickheads . 
  the both come from the same root , though , surely ? 
  they have almost the same meaning , too . 
  maybe the ones you go to . 
  clearly the germans are the best . 
  they can train for cakes in ass six months of the year , but in the uk there is only one specialist cakes in ass facility - in truro , open thursdays . 
  what are the arrows pointing to ? 
  the public matter more than the athletes , yes . 
  only a scant $ 16 billion dollars were spent for my arrival there . 
  that 's because there 's a huge difference between the online site and the paper , and they 're run by different people for different methods . 
  the online version is provocative clickbait , but the paper is for older people because they are the only ones who buy it in print now . 
  i believe that 's what karl marx wrote . 
   and upon these two pillars i here declare communism : corruption . 
  inefficiency . 
  yuo have a second-favourite minister ? 
  but it 's not a vest . 
  now , to do something about that kosovo situation ... 
  clearly that swedish minister had n't heard of belarus or transnistria . 
  it 's a troll . 
  look at their history . 
   language should be a choice at shool , around the age of 13 or 14 then you massively miss the window for learning languages easier , which closes around early puberty . 
  it needs to be earlier , in primary school . 
  ` invaded ', 
   at 9 in the morning because * that * 's the important part . 
  well done , those are some cool police there . 
  he somehow bypassed sanctions preventing luxury goods to be sold to them , because they did n't have the technology to make it themselves . 
  on one hand , the world has jaffa cakes . 
  on the other hand , it has mrsa . 
  why ? 
  so ... greece ? 
  if he has to capitulate his ideals to appease middle england , then perhaps he 's better focussing on the job at hand , doing the best he can knowing he might lose the next election . 
  if you have to change your ideals to get voted in again , what 's the point in getting voted in ? 
  seriously , if politicians ignored the headlines and stopped making u-turns every six seconds for approval ratings , perhaps they 'd do a better job . 
  how would young people get benefits ? 
  especially with such high youth unemployment that does n't seem feasible . 
  well look , someone 's standing up to the spying !, 
  pays-bas ( fr ) and pa\u00edses baixos ( pt ) mean low countries too !, 
  so celtic , romance and germanic families do it ? 
  is portugal ` portugal ' in every language ? 
  it must be . 
  you see it a lot in ` murica big and diverse ' threads where they claim that latino is a race , greeks , italians and jew are n't white , yadda yadda yadda . 
  but not as a first language . 
  if you 're including ` union with ' , then s. tyrol needs to union with austria and flanders needs to with the netherlands . 
  sapmi would * never * have that amount of land . 
  i was under the impression that castille & leon was * the heart * of spain . 
  the equivalent of paris wanting independence from france . 
  all of the english ones should be removed . 
  they 're in no way serious . 
  even cornwall . 
  that unmarked section in england separated from the south east ? 
  i 'd take that as a nation . 
  ` the republic of the north ', 
  / r/europe , or as it appears recently , / r/islamnews, 
  i know that , but it 's still relevant in the conversation . 
  exactly . 
  i realise , but there are also bridges connecting * actual * islands to the mainland . 
  sweden and finland are eu islands . 
  you have to go through russia or across water to get to the rest of the continent . 
  and not very interesting if it 's just numbers . 
  no location , no strength , no anything . 
  which ` she ' ? 
  likely not , but it 's an industry that attracted a lot of european russians to vladivostok . 
  it 's a military/navy city , so important to the russians . 
  inland , it 's more asian/siberian . 
  the absolute contrast between the pictures is astounding . 
  notably from a night club in riga to an old man in armenia pushing a stuffed deer up stairs in the snow . 
  maybe where you 're from . 
  i 've only been aware of the essex thing has only been for about two or three years , since those idiots started being on television spouting essex pride . 
  occupation !, 
  not a legitimate government !, 
  maybe not that one in particular , but the cumulative comments that come from a persecution complex are quite annoying . 
  ` anti-american circlejerk ' and whatnot , as if it exists . 
  ... insider trading ... 
  the central african republic needs a new name . 
  even if it was just named after the capital city like algeria . 
  admit it , a country called ` bangui ' is better than ` central african republic ' , which is like a robot named it . 
  i love this . 
  not immigrants , man . 
  do n't let them hear you call them immigrants . 
  \u304a\u306f\u3088\u3046 ( sounds like ` ohio ' ) is a popular japanese greeting . 
  like saying ` hey ' or ` hi ' . 
  well that depends on how you arbitrarily determine continents . 
  and besides , why does the size of something on a map determine its importance ? 
  for god 's sake . 
  melt this man down and mold a new model , please . 
  us counties are more insignificant than uk counties . 
  just because they have the same name does n't mean they 're the same thing, 
  but they are n't countries . 
  depends what news you read and hear . 
  because russia is around the other side of the world . 
   to be extremely expansionist , and did pose a genuine threat to ~ ~ the west ~ ~ capitalism, 
  yes . 
  [ you can see me get visibly bored ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e5thjkd.png ) across the page . 
  and it took fifty attempts to spell it right . 
  and certain types of rough sex . 
  would n't it be good see people protesting the exploitation ? 
  people buy ( for instance ) jars of honey instead and honey becomes a symbol of the tragedy . 
  ( i do n't know how expensive honey is in latvia ), 
  do you think florists feel torn about the massive explosion in business at times like this ? 
  good luck getting in a car crash in the vatican,
