  / u/flaninacupboard mentioned duolingo , a fantastic vocabulary tool . 
  its grammar teaching leaves a bit to be desired , however . 
  there are subs - / r/languagelearning is a fantastic community ( list in the sidebar of specific language subs . 
  i asked if you had an interest in learning language to possibly help you find resources , and to be a cheerleader . 
  do you see yourself chatting up an italian lady or reading moli\u00e9re ? 
  which language , if you could click your fingers and it would appear in your mouth , would you choose ? 
  duck/canard \u00e0 l'orange . 
  i 'm better at this than you . 
  that 's a better example of visigoth and ostrogoth languages . 
  when the western roman empire collapsed , germanic kingdoms filled the power vacuum , but the populous still spoke latin dialects . 
  today the latin languages survive as romance languages and the prestige gothic languages are a footnote in a tolkien textbook . 
  if you go to a rural welsh place , do you receive what we other non-welsh speakers get , the ` i 'm pretending not to speak english , even though it 's pretty obvious i bloody do ' ? 
  i 'm astounded at these threads . 
  if only we had an annual global one somewhere . 
  however , it would probably be dominated by ignorant anglophones from the default subs . 
  it does , however there 's nothing stopping you now . 
  do you have an interest or a passion for a particular language or country ? 
  finalmente . 
  no welsh ? 
  you traitor . 
  [ ich vil bujen eine brun cu ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oec1yaawg34 ), 
  there must be quite a bit of borrowing between the celtic languages . 
  if the smaller ones standardised and became intelligible , it might help them . 
  it might improve the quality of bbc alba , at least . 
  if my french needs brushing up , natives please say !, 
  latin ? 
  omelette at the cheese ? 
  my little brother used to have a bear that sang the bar\u00e7a song . 
  that verse is burned into my brain . 
  une monde , uniforme . 
  perhaps , but the ability to learn does n't reflect relationship . 
  no , the relationship is pretty much well established . 
  english is n't romance because 40 % of its vocabulary comes from norman french . 
  it 's still germanic . 
  as hungarian is still finno ugric , regardless of the origin of its vocabulary . 
  i thought you could buy one at any age , but it 's just more expensive when you 're older ... 
  plus , scenery . 
  albeit latvia . 
  the learning resources we use have a lot of academy french in them . 
  with unique french ways of putting things , acad\u00e9mie french has fewer cognates . 
  they * are * trying to prevent traces of other languages , after all . 
  instead of 90 % of guesses and made-up words being understandable like in english and portuguese , french needs more attention . 
  sorry , what i was saying was n't meant to be an insult or anything . 
  was just saying that how they try making a beautiful language does n't help communication . 
  i hate the french academy . 
  they deliberately make the language hard to learn . 
  a bridge across the gulf of finland , please . 
  mushrooms , booze and group sex . 
  quite a party . 
  why not restructure your current loans into one easily payable monthly fee ? 
  and a lot of other things , such as the eu . 
  aclar bastar begyll mashed potato , os gwelluch en da ? 
  por que suecia ? 
  looks a lot like cyrillic . 
  one might even suggest they were related . 
  mas , mas , mas , por favor . 
  krokodil ... der happy gift ? 
  government itself is an archaic institution . 
  your point ? 
  a movie quote . 
  cameron wants to remove work restrictions , human rights and freedom of movement from the eu . 
  they want us to work , work , work . 
  increase school hours and remove summer holidays ; you wo n't see your kids because you 're working , working , working . 
  ` if a doctor wants to work a twenty hour shift , who are we to stop them ? ', 
  ` we have to be competitive with china . ', 
  oh yeah , china . 
  that bastion of human rights . 
  oh , look at the time . 
  it 's troll o'clock . 
   french are ( ... ) racist there 's two kinds of people i hate : those who are intolerant of other people 's cultures and the dutch . 
  how much does turkey remain ottoman ? 
  how much did the ottomen remain byzantine ? 
  how much is turkey the remnants of the east roman empire ? 
  is julius caesar still alive in istanbul ? 
  does he wear a fez ? 
  i thinks of britis homosex often , hence the law . 
  i 'd reverse the first two results seeing as though england and the celts were at home . 
  what about the swiss flags ? 
  are you accounting for guiana ? 
  * number may or may not be skewed by americans subscribed, 
  i hope no-one invites the xbox 1984 into their home . 
  i 'm sick of technology asking to know your location , wanting to tell everyone via facebook what you 're doing . 
  if i could access reddit from a nokia 3330 , i 'd do it . 
  i do n't like the fact that people are being made to speak to their telescreen . 
  so is chess . 
  just sayin . 
  it 's all in the cloud . 
  ^ all ^ in ^ the ^ cloud . 
  ^ ^ all ^ ^ in ^ ^ the ^ ^ cloud . 
  does that sound sinister to anyone else ? 
  the nsa surveillance , blocking of undesirable websites , this new image blocking software , the cloud ^ ( the cloud ) , the xbox one always-on and permanent kinect tracking , the smart-phone gps ... 
  i thought he wanted to move * towards * other english speaking nations , and away from the eu . 
  haha !, 
  that 's probably true for the type of british women who always go to the sun to drink over summer . 
  boiled squirrels ? 
  * they have accents where the b/v letters are switched * the inside is deserty * madeleine mccann * the portuguese do n't hate brits as much as other south europeans do . 
  * vasco da gama * had a big heroin problem , drugs are now [ decriminalised/legal ? ], 
  * language sounds like br pt spoken with cotton wool in your mouth . 
  i realise . 
  it was rhetorical .
