  i have only found 1 single high cap and plenty of plate carriers . 
  assault vests i have n't seen one . 
  i would love more attachments too , like the russian pks-07 7x scope for the svd . 
  yep , the only thing you missed is clouds off , that adds a good 5 fps for me . 
  yeah , i get this issue with my pu scope not loading , i ca n't see anything through it at all -_- only happens in cities . 
  you would have got 3 before the c4 nerf :(, 
  sometimes it works , sometimes that does n't, 
  the whole of 0.58 and it was just 5 mins from electro . 
  i remember that the broom was the first weapon i ever picked up in dayz . 
  i do n't usually hear the term `` asshat '' , but when i do , i think of it literally . 
  the server never had more than 10 players and i had 2 civilian tents and a v3s . 
  they were on a hill near staroye . 
  i have a mid 2014 retina 13 inch with i7 processor . 
  i get up to 45 fps and down to 20 with everything set on default except all settings under rendering is lowest and no clouds/shadows . 
  never over heats :p, 
  oops :p i skim read . 
  haha , no , i have just loved this game since i first saw it a year or two back . 
  sadly my computer has n't got enough hd space to record my gameplay . 
  correct :p, 
  actually , if you are in the us we can play , europe however wo n't happen : /, 
  i thought that too , but i got hit by a bus in 0.59 stable at 3 valleys . 
  the people inside got out and started screaming at each other for running me over . 
  i died right away , i ran into the bus and hit it right between the headlights , it seemed to be going full speed . 
  i was surprised since i heard they could n't kill you in this patch . 
  of course it 's bige !, 
  wow , but why is it titled `` no scope '' no scope means hip fire . 
  i think 1 point per metre was op , but maybe 1 point per metre , max points 500 would work much better . 
  yes , but getting top of the scoreboard for sitting at the back of the map is n't right . 
  i do n't mind campers doing their thing at the back of the map but they should n't be top of the scoreboard . 
  heaps of servers still in bf4 on ps4 , i rarely cant find a local server on the map i want . 
  yeah , rip sraw ; _ ; 7, 
  m249 is a reskin of the mg4, 
  i have been finding heaps of 30 rounds in houses . 
  if you are unhappy with your performance , turn off clouds , shadows and antialiasing . 
  they are the least important heavy fps hitters . 
  it does not one shot destroy a scout heli . 
  sounds like a hacker , and with support for ps3 dropping + the fact that hackers are quite widespread on pc i would say he was hacking . 
  i will go ahead and report him on battlelog now . 
  i am unaware , i myself just started over , you will see a boost in your stats upon creating a new account which is nice . 
  i think that rope was not to get up but to vandalise the silos . 
  deagle at dt dlc release with it 's sniping ability though ... 
  march 2116 *, 
  i remember swimming on one side of shanghai and seeing someone maybe 150m away , it was `` bang bang '' and he was down . 
  i vividly remember flying over these in a helicopter on a perfect day like this , definitely a moment not to forget . 
  yeah , we just kept on moving the worn and pristine wheels around until we were driving straight . 
  damn , that 's an old build , which version was that ? 
  it was amazingly accurate with great long range damage . 
  but its damage model !, 
  do something new , guru , i know you can !, 
  jumping while facing at a 45 degree angle to the cover will work if you are touching it rather than a metre back . 
  great name 11/10, 
  it 's colloquial language where i 'm from and my grammar is n't supposed to be on point . 
  i could n't care less tbh . 
  and i ca n't agree with bf , but that 's just me . 
  links do n't work ... 
  this is pretty typical grammar from my part of nz so i am not going to hinder the evolution of language and accents when grammar is not a priority . 
  so i 'm going to talk like those around me . 
  i 'm sorry if i offended you by typing like i would talk to locals . 
  yes . 
  gas pipes shooting out steam . 
  how good are you at rendezooks ? 
  i know , right !, 
  how many rendezooks have you done ? 
  try heavy barrel + stubby/potato grip, 
  `` come along , billy '', 
  alright , no bad !, 
  add me `` andy_98nz '' if you have n't seen some of my stuff it 's [ here ] ( www.youtube.com/c/trickytrollgaming ) i 'm sure i could help you out with something !, 
  use the minimap !, 
  look at it dozens of times per minute , that is the key to staying alive -- awareness of where the enemies are . 
  i recommend turning vsync on . 
  huh , alright then , was not expecting that , lol . 
  thanks for the info , i only play dayz on pc and it does n't add much input lag for me . 
  because it 's fucking boxing day . 
  how can you play with that screen tearing ? 
  i told myself that i would remember what i did in my first life in this game and that i would remember my first kill . 
  i fucking forgot . 
  it 's not a complaint , lol . 
  it 's just a question because i ca n't stand screen tearing . 
  i said `` how can you play with it '' that does n't answer the question . 
  throwing a brick * but yeah, 
  full edited version : https://youtu.be/ojy6wjdtzii, 
  press the eject button and spacebar on pc and on console you simply have to get out , and back in the jet either by landing or doing a `` rodeo '' where you ride the jet and get back in . 
  full edited version : https://youtu.be/ojy6wjdtzii, 
  quite a few , most of the time it ended up like [ this ] ( https://gfycat.com/admirableathleticcod ), 
  like [ this ? ], 
  ( https://gfycat.com/admirableathleticcod ), 
  crazy ? 
  it 's standard russian procedure before you win the game !, 
  you think he was my friend ? 
  this is n't my first accusation of faking my stunts so i have some evidence which i always provide ... 
  well , since i did this today you can go on to my battlelog and look up my recent battlereports and i can guarantee that that was the only game which we have played together recently , and i have been attempting that stunt ( and another ) for the last week . 
  not only that but you are welcome to look on mine and his friends list on both psn and battlelog and i 'm sure that you will find that we have never contacted each other and we not friends , nor do we have any friends in common . 
  finally , look through all of [ my stunts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plzzscqe0cvracrms5evc840cq_-jdft5o ) and you will find no repeat names all of whom are random strangers . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  sure will !, 
  ( other than the fact that i 'm ca n't play for most of january ), 
  i say that but i have n't checked tbh , i 'm confident that we wo n't have any common friends/battle reports because i do n't recognise his name from anywhere . 
  make your own judgement , but i like to give all the evidence i have to prove that the stunts i put so much ( and probably too much ) time into are legitimate . 
  you do n't have to accelerate before you eject , but it will make it easier to get back in if you do accelerate as you eject . 
  it works with all jets and the only difference is that on console , before you have mastered the rodeo eject method the f35 is the best jet since it is easiest to land .
