  no matter how confident you are in ethereum . 
  battery drains fast when you 're checking crypto prices all day . 
  these are amazing !, 
  i love it !, 
  who made these and when ? 
  i wish the guitar toward the end of up with the birds lasted longer . 
  it feels like it has been cut off . 
  this is n't youtube . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i find both of those games boring . 
  #do as i say !, 
  kiwi with a similar model of samsung smart tv here . 
  no , no it does not . 
  it still has the football . 
  op is lying . 
  all it does is adjust the colour and sound to make watching a football game `` better '' . 
  because he added a lie to the title this time which makes it seem more remarkable . 
  he is suggesting that it changes channel to a football game which is n't true . 
  but surely he would test it ... 
  it 's literally a button 's press away ... 
  the round one . 
  same with trying to sleep . 
  oh , the long nights thinking about what it 'll do next and what i 'm going to do about it . 
  but hey , at least it 's not a bear market anymore . 
  i do n't like to get into details when it comes to personal finance on reddit , but it 's a combination of work and savings acquired by other means . 
  lmao , i like your train of thought , but nope . 
  pfft , i do n't need alarms at this stage . 
  i have no sleep to wake up from !, 
  vitalik collins, 
  lol what ... why do you think i 'm a student ? 
  i have some spare cash , why not invest it ? 
  i 'm in nz too . 
  i use independent reserve which is great for hodling but not good for trading . 
  as far as i 'm aware the only way to trade properly in nz is to covert your money and use a us exchange . 
  me too . 
  so ... down and to the left run incoming ? 
  i traded 3.5 eth and i 'm already up $ 150 ... in a mere 2 hours ... crypto is awesome . 
  put some eth into omg a few hours back . 
  already up nearly 20 % :d, 
  i bought it right on 5.98 a few hours back . 
  last time it was sub $ 6 !, 
  number 2 is always such a tough decision . 
  x __ x, 
  it does n't accept my native fiat nzd , so i transferred btc i bought from an nz website to it . 
  i honestly could n't tell you if it is the best or how secure it is , but i like the ui . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the price rise of btc is good news for eth in the coming weeks . 
  many of the new investors entering the crypto market with btc now will be doing their research on other cryptos in the coming days and weeks . 
  eventually , many of them will see more potential and better tech behind eth and move over . 
  that 's exactly how i got into eth and other cryptos . 
  through bitcoin at first then i did more research into other alternatives with more potential . 
  bullish days to come . 
  just be patient . 
  why ? 
  i usually buy on highs and sell on lows . 
  the current dip is just a price correction . 
  i doubt it will be below $ 5 again . 
  12:00 utc february 21st 2018, 
  just promise her this : if the price drops , hodl . 
  seriously . 
  in the span of a few years , eth is set to go up , but in the next few months , anything can happen . 
  i believe they 're just stopping withdrawals to usd bank accounts . 
  you can still send bitfinex stored btc and eth to other wallets , some of which can withdraw to usd into your bank account . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure since i 'm not from the us and so does n't affect me , but that 's what i took away from the announcement . 
  commenting again so you will see this : i 'm pretty sure i was wrong . 
  i think you need to move your crypto elsewhere . 
  ! remindme 1 day, 
  i must know !, 
  shit . 
  i only have proof that i bought this steak for dinner . 
  it 's curns , stupid !, 
  lol , nice . 
  i just changed my in game name for some games to `` buyethereum . '', 
  yeah , but i 'm pretty sure eth is just a pump and dump . 
  do n't buy as/after it shoots up . 
  buy the dips . 
  this could be big if it passes . 
  well , someone turned up the volume . 
  that said , it has already dipped pretty much to what it was before the recent 40-50 % gain . 
  i would n't be so certain . 
  either way , i 'm interested to see what will happen . 
  no , you idiot . 
  you were on the moon . 
  in many nations veterinarians still have to prescribe the antibiotics in the first place , so they are also to blame . 
  then again , if they refuse to prescribe antibiotics , then they will just get a second opinion and take their money elsewhere . 
  still more productive . 
  so the less i log into mew the safer it is ? 
  also , does this mean that if i only access it from mac os it is safer than if i were to access my wallet on a windows pc as there tends to be less malware on mac os ? 
   the un should do something, 
  that 's not exactly their strong point . 
  you 're either lying or playing pre 0.60 dayz on max settings and pubg on lowest settings . 
  [ no need to compete for a player base if you can make peace and share it . ], 
  stop giving me a bad name . 
  i know that many locations of berries pre-0 .62 no longer have berry bushes but just regular bushes , so they 're certainly less common . 
  nice!just wondering , how does it run without the egpu ? 
  i played my first 900 hours on my macbook pro 2014 13 inch . 
  30-50fps on low was totally playable . 
  looks awesome !, 
  i 'm not a fan of that hip fire reticle though : /, 
  definitely . 
  the devs have and have had a ** huge ** task to complete .
