   the developers ( dice ) intentionally added this ( and how you eject out of the jet in a way which lets you get back in ) into the game to let the small portion of the community who want to do these `` only in battlefield '' moments as many people see them and think `` i want to play that game , that looked cool . '', 
  not only that but it also gives players more to do in the game when they get bored , preventing them from going and playing different games . 
   also , you need to remember that battlefield is n't marketed on realism , but instead `` larger battles '' . 
  it is for better , faster gameplay . 
   the developers ( dice ) intentionally added this ( and how you eject out of the jet in a way which lets you get back in ) into the game to let the small portion of the community who want to do these `` only in battlefield '' moments as many people see them and think `` i want to play that game , that looked cool . '', 
  not only that but it also gives players more to do in the game when they get bored , preventing them from going and playing different games . 
  also , you need to remember that battlefield is n't marketed on realism , but instead `` larger battles '' . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i came back in cowboy form !, 
  full edited youtube version : https://youtu.be/8fxfs1tvham, 
  yeah , those 6x and 8x scopes were going to make it a viable secondary , but nope :(, 
  thanks !, 
  i will !, 
  yeah , he is a really nice guy , i 'm sure he , like many ex-bf youtubers will be back for bf5 , the next year is a good break for them to try other games , but unless bf5 is a flop they 'll be back !, 
  the potential was there , but they made too many vital errors like sniper class being overpowered , map design , time to kill and the weapon balancing . 
   the potential was there , but they made too many vital errors like sniper class being overpowered , map design , time to kill and the weapon balancing . 
  just imagine if i had the easter egg reload !, 
  yeah , i have to or else i have to eject out just to reload !, 
  thanks , 
  nope , 2 weeks worth of attempting it . 
  i just got lucky this time !, 
  i 'll probably be uploading a montage of all my fails trying to do this stunt sometime within the next week . 
  it 'll be on my youtube channel if you need to see it as proof . 
  lots of persistence and luck !, 
  how about suav kills on metro ? 
  aim assist does n't work at that range and it never works when hipfiring like i did in this gif . 
  battlefield is actually marketed on `` larger battles '' not realism . 
  1000 is about right this time : /, 
  when you eject the plane turns on the thrust reversers preparing for landing , if a person is ejected in real life he will maintain the jets velocity ( only drag slowing him down ) so given the situation where the jet slows itself down it is n't un realistic , however ... everything else is very unrealistic , but battlefield is n't marketed on realism . 
  in my defence i take down enemy jets while waiting for an enemy who is camping on the tower . 
  that is the job of the stealth jet . 
  also i can get back in the jet over 90 % of the time so jet wastage is minimal . 
  it 's better that i have the jet than some rank 10 player who will just fly it into the radar dish and use it as a taxi . 
  it was an hour or two per day . 
  usually in the evenings when i need to relax . 
  no ... it was definitely well over my 100th try . 
  well that is true , but i have pulled off many other stunts much quicker , it is just that this gun is notoriously bad !, 
  007 goldeneye was designed after arecibo observatory which is what this map is designed off . 
  battlefield 4 . 
  and i was on a us server and i am from new zealand so lag was a slight issue . 
  what happens when it is laggy is that the server thinks that the jet is further than it shows you where it is . 
  ie where it appears to be is out of date . 
  so i have to lead the jet a bit to be able to get back in . 
  if i were to land directly on the cockpit i would not get back in if it was a foreign server . 
  i would just slide off the back of the jet . 
  yeah :(, 
  that would make gameplay slow and clunky . 
  bf5 is a nother year and bf4 is still getting more free content . 
  definitely still worth it . 
  it has never been marketed on realism but instead `` larger battles '', 
  youtube . 
  here are a few : www.youtube.com/c/trickytrollgaming, 
  us vs us in west chinese mountains ... 
  yeah , i did it with a .44 magnum lever action repeater rifle called the `` mare 's leg '', 
  a few things :, 
  it was a hipfire shot so luck was involved . 
  bf4 runs at 60fps on ps4 but it is only saved at 30fps so exact frame was not saved in this instance so i may have shot the bullet when he was in my crosshairs . 
  i can not confirm it but i suspect that ironsights are not centred when flying through the air based on this gif and the following gif i made . 
  here : http://gfycat.com/admirableathleticcod, 
  yes , yes i did :p, 
  in real games , i just pick the maps ( like this one ) where there are almost always campers in a suitable position for me to get them . 
  sometimes i just have to switch servers or switch teams but usually there will be somebody up there sniping -- after all there are 64 players . 
  i knew he was there because i saw him before the gif started , if you can be bothered you can see that here : https://youtu.be/8fxfs1tvham, 
  this is console ... ps4 . 
  you can do them , you just have to get out of the jet and back in it to activate the super eject . 
  i 'm not great at tutorials but i made one anyway , if you do this and practice you 'll be able to do these stunts . 
  how to super eject on console tutorial : https://youtu.be/_pzrineti0o, 
  yeah , so do i !, 
  it is the best thing you can do unless your teammates are in desperate need of ammo due to total derpsoldiers being the only players playing as support . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  it is as simple as `` who else thinks that the rorsch mk1 railgun is useless now ? '', 
  you have some serious mental issues if you cant understand that . 
  amazing . 
  where was this ? 
  edited version : https://youtu.be/cysjme5tmcw, 
  edited version : https://youtu.be/cysjme5tmcw, 
  i called it the jumpzook because coming from bf4 the word zook is widely used in stunts and it sounds much better than jumppulse . 
  ( since i 'm using the pulse cannon ) also due to the pulse cannons dumbfire nature and large damage it is used in the same way that i would usually use an rpg in bf4 . 
  edited version : https://youtu.be/cysjme5tmcw, 
  lol, 
  a shame there are no players in it : / but that 's really useful to know as taking them down can easily affect the game !, 
  edited version : https://youtu.be/cysjme5tmcw, 
  upload it as a gif and you 'll get way more upvotes ( just not this video because the community hates reposts for good reason ) then link the yt video in the comments, 
  is your psn name `` jedi-hunter-1138 '' ? 
  no point , it 's just what cod kids find cool . 
  i 'm a battlefielder who does that sort of thing all the time ... 
  i 'm disappointed by a lack of stunts to do in swbf3 :(, 
  thanks  i am enjoying swbf3 , but i 'm disappointed by the lack of stunts to do in it though : /, 
  it 's a projectile , it just travels really fast . 
  i shot in front of the vehicle because the pulse cannon does not travel instantly , it acts as a projectile . 
  yeah , but there is still some pretty cool stuff to do . 
  i have n't got the bowcaster yet but i cant wait to see what i can do with it !, 
  mpx, 
  use gfycat please . 
  i 'm sorry , but aim assist does literally nothing outside of 10m , so it will be mostly unnoticeable with a mouse/keyboard setup . 
  yes , and you inherit the grenade dropped by the enemy player . 
  i love `` battfield '' 4, 
  that 's why i called it swbf3 -- star wars battlefront 3, 
  with the now negligible splash damage , high zoom scope and 7 second reload if someone comes within 50m of you you are fucked unless you drop it . 
  at mid to long range it is as useful as a .50 cal amr2 since the splash damage is no more effective .
