  which model and specs ? 
  fact : you have n't . 
  to annoy reddit users . 
  do you know why ? 
  because i watched them all . 
  i watched all of the `` bf4 epic moments '' montages by gamesprout . 
  it was not there . 
  i did , and if you do n't believe me , the why do n't you watch them yourself and point out the rodeosnipes . 
  trumpeteers, 
  not a mac , my macbook is for video editing , i 'm going to get a custom build pc for gaming . 
  unsure on the specs so far . 
  4k dayz on an imac ... that sounds incredible ... 
  thanks a lot for the info , i 've saved that comment so i can use it when i 'm ready to make a decision !, 
  that 's right . 
  people in the comments ca n't seem to understand that it is n't a total list !, 
  it 's just for some comparisons and perspective . 
  the stupidity from some people here is unbelievable . 
  the default 400m zero of the kashtan bugs be the most . 
  i must try that tactic sometime ... lol, 
  nope . 
  i actually did play 1st person first . 
  i hated the lack of being able to peek . 
  now , i do n't mean tilting the 3rd person camera over the wall so that i can see everything on the other side , i mean just peeping my head and no more around the corner or through the window . 
  in real life , i can do that , in a game , you ca n't . 
  so i 'd rather let everyone be able to peep around corners without exposing themselves than not be able to look out of a window or around a corner without exposing half of my body . 
  also , it does feel claustrophobic due to the nature of the game . 
  by this i mean i ca n't see much . 
  the fov is n't really high enough , it 's like i have tunnel vision ... and do n't say `` you would n't be saying that if you never had 3rd person '' because i would . 
  it is the first thing i thought when i entered my first server . 
   hell , go ask cs players what they think about the idea of 3rd person in their game . 
  cs is a totally different game . 
  bad comparison . 
   clearly how the game was intended to be played, 
  until hicks or dean hall quotes that , that 's opinion . 
  so stop pretending that people who 's opinions are different to yours are dumb and that their reasoning is invalid . 
  you just come across as a bigot . 
  voip . 
  sure , it 's practically a must have feature , but no voip and it would be almost only kos . 
  i would also say the way that gear gets ruined so easily when you get shot , if nothing got ruined then there would be little benefit to rob someone other than pure entertainment value which simply is n't enough of a reason not to kos for many players . 
  but ... if you did n't get loot any from a body , less people would kos . 
  i listed all of the locations except the fallen tower in another comment . 
   rocky hangout : north west of kamensk . 
  it is on top of the cliff north west of kamensk , it 's on the same cliff as sunset hotel , just farter east . 
  been to most of these myself , i have n't visited the fallen guard tower . 
  ** locations **, 
  svet cave : north of svet in ( you guessed it ) the rocks . 
  skalisty lighthouse : south west point of skalisty island . 
  old statue : north of komarovo . 
  tank graveyard : near the to be location of the up and coming tisy military base in the very north wesern part of the map . 
  body pit : next to the small military base north of severograd . 
  cap golova islands : south of the golova cap lighthouse , offshore . 
  sunset hotel : southern side of stary yar . 
  fallen guard tower : i have n't visited , ask op . 
  rocky hangout : north west of kamensk, 
  pirate ship : eastern side of skalisty island . 
  please correct me if i am wrong , i have n't visited some in a long time . 
  it is on top of the cliff north west of kamensk , it 's on the same cliff as sunset hotel , just farter east . 
  just what i was thinking . 
  it makes it more cinematic . 
  i hope that you wanting to play 0.57 is * only * an example because 0.57 was hell . 
  i kinda miss 0.55 sometimes though . 
  they should make a second test range , on where an lav spawns on a podium of endless water around it . 
  that 's a cool easter egg !, 
  including the bonus track : `` sooner than you think '', 
  northwest of nwaf . 
  in the very most north west point of the map . 
  tisy is the nearest town . 
  the mil base is 5 mins west of tisy . 
  small town , north of novaya petrovka . 
  the mil base itself is 5 mins west of tisy . 
  there are supposed to be 48 servers , they said they 're going to try sort it out tomorrow . 
  dao-12 ? 
  what building is that ? 
  oh , right . 
  you 're forgetting the kangaroos . 
  the way they run and move feels much better too . 
  one scared me in the police station and i jumped out of my chair in a way that i have n't done since i started playing dayz !, 
   then i fell off the tower . 
  0.59 it was 4 across by 3 down . 
  battlefield 2371 ? 
  giga titans in space ? 
  wearing crocs . 
  yes !, 
  i was a part of that !, 
  there were about 10 dead , naked bodies under the bridge by the vybor spawn . 
  i managed to get to the vybor pd first and picked up a pistol . 
  i killed a guy who tried to punch me then i logged out to give someone else a go . 
  i 'm so jealous . 
  new zealand gun laws are so fucking tight !, 
  i get really weird glitches with trees , they 're transparent beyond 20m but not past 50m and sometimes they flicker between transparent and not when i 'm near them . 
  it 's so bad . 
  but i still like 0.60 . 
  it 's not ready though . 
  i like the shedception in your imgur link . 
  which town is that police station in ? 
  ah , of course , i can usually locate a picture to where it was taken , this one stumped me since i rarely go through nadezhdino . 
  actually i left because the trees were glitching , they were flickering every second between transparent and 2d . 
  it was awful . 
   pinned to 7 rounds, 
  what sort of place provide a service to do that ?
