  other facts :, 
  for jets in particular ecms can be useful for staying off air radar and so letting you get on an enemies tail without them noticing . 
  flares will be ready to use 5 seconds faster than ecms . 
  ecms will stop any more lock-ons , break current locks and keep you off air radar for 5 seconds before the smoke trail stops . 
  what i use :, 
  helicopters : ecms because the 5 seconds of smoke usually gives you enough time to fly away . 
  jets : flares because they break the lock of already fired missiles faster , because you need to avoid mobility hits which are much more deadly , because they regenerate faster and finally because you can usually fly away fast enough that the roughly 2-3 seconds lock free which flare give you is enough and 5 seconds is usually unnecessary . 
  true , but often i can get by with below radar unless they are an exceptional pilot . 
  the `` we 've '' makes it essentially say `` how many cumulative hours have we have played ? '', 
  ctfo ? 
  oh , right , i get ya now , i 'm a bit like that unless i 'm in a vehicle . 
  although i am usually in vehicles . 
  you 're * ;p, 
  that is crazy . 
  the bright , highlighted , bold title stickied post *, 
  normal speed edited version : https://youtu.be/-fsi9bzkbc0, 
  my pilot 's perspective : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuoo5yiyd2y, 
  i did n't waste the jet , and i took down all enemy air before i did the stunt , did n't realise that makes it a `` taxi '', 
  wow , that is old . 
  look at those hitmarkers . 
  not quite :p, 
  i still have stuff planned !, 
  flying around un-countered ? 
  lol , i took all enemy air down before i attempt the stunt , otherwise they just shoot the jet down before i can get back in it . 
   winning is better, 
  that is opinion , it depends on what you personally enjoy doing . 
  and i do only attempt the stunt when there is no enemy air to take down , so saying i only do the stunt when there is nothing else to do would be a lie , but i do n't see much value in dropping laser guideds just so they can be shrugged off my aps . 
  well , a comment like the second one in this thread was what inspired me to do the rendeknife , haha, 
  on it !, 
  how is it not original ? 
  lol , i came up with the extended rendezook myself . 
  oh , and if it is so easy , then why has n't it done before ? 
  the game has been out for over 2 years . 
  or why not do it yourself ? 
  show me how easy it is . 
  dont have bf4 ? 
  well ea will let you play it for free for a whole week as a trial . 
  yeah , suggesting it is n't easy is just stupid , and not original ? 
  pfft , you dont even know the difference between a rendezook and an extended rendezook . 
  finally , why are you so damn salty ? 
  nope :p, 
  i ejected out of my jet , landed in my friend 's helicopter , got a kill with the helicopter guns and i jump out and got back in my jet . 
  yep , it is . 
  i play to have fun . 
  i 'm amazed at how salty some people get over one stunt , haha . 
  the attack jet literally just spawned , that 's why he came from the base . 
  i never denied i was fucking around , i 'm just saying that it 's not like i 'm not helping my team since my whole squad 's goal was to capture and hold delta , my goal was to keep enemy air down until i can attempt the stunt . 
  granted , we could have played the objective more , but capturing d and keeping enemy air down is better than sniping from the base . 
  lol , i play sport primarily for fun and fitness , winning is nice , but it 's about the fun and fitness . 
  gaming is the same . 
  ( except for fitness ), 
  as long as no more than 5 players on my team are doing that then i am fine . 
  nope , we were lucky that he destroyed the heli after the stunt was complete . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  never hear the mavs directed emps to be called `` killer darts '' before , lol . 
  what this guy said . 
  there is also something in the emblem which affects the colour of your character 's gloves . 
  wait , but you 're the recon and the campers are engineers ... 
  lol, 
  great gameplay but people need to learn that `` no aim assist '' makes it no better . 
  i turned off aim assist and i did n't even notice , not only that but my k/d kept on going up at the same rate . 
  aim assist is thought to be better than it is . 
  i like the idea of that , maybe a slow recharge weapon which removes some of the hud or disables aps for a short period of time . 
  interesting concept ... 
  all aim assist off . 
  so yes . 
  i still do n't notice a difference , mostly the sg553 in a mix of infantry and vehicles on dawnbreaker . 
  that was the first game i played with it off a few months ago . 
  i use 13 % sensitivity and i would n't in any way say i camp . 
  i am more defensive and keep distance between the enemy , i get less enjoyment out of running into an objective not knowing where enemies are than waiting to find where the enemies are , then push up . 
  actually what happened was russiansock ( the pilot ) and i were testing out new stunts in an empty server , then two randoms joined so we let the game restart and i switched teams to the randoms . 
  i got in the scout heli and when one of the randoms spawned i set up the helicopter so that rsock could rendezook the random . 
  after a few failed attempts he rendezooked the random . 
  ( i bailed before the rendezook ) at this point the random was trying to dogfight rsock for revenge but rsock disabled him , random bailed and landed in the water , i legitimately tried to pick him up but i was too slow and did n't see what was coming . 
  tl ; dr ** me and russiansock were testing new stunts , ( specifically the rendeclaymore ) two randoms joined , we decided to rendezook and troll them . 
  it would have been perfect if the a10 had it 's famous [ shark paint ] ( http://s13.photobucket.com/user/usmilobserver/media/a-10s%20oef/0903_006_650.jpg.html ), 
  i 'm explaining what happened so that you know the situation in which this occurred since i can understand suspicions of it being set up . 
  i would rather people know the truth . 
  people who read that do know the truth . 
  this makes me want to see the deleted comment . 
  and then in fish as it photodegrades and gets eaten . 
  boats are very slow at reversing , and on console it seems to want to do a u-turn rather than reverse since the controls are different . 
  could you at least handle the caps then ? 
  appropriate mlg clan tag still on , 
   my guess is your jet would roadkill you on impact, 
  must test this !, 
  cool !, 
  i 'll do the rodeorepair in hardcore now !, 
  where did the guy who killed you come from ? 
  we need a gayfish album cover !, 
  i knew someone else thought like me !, 
  do you like to put them in your mouth ? 
  what a waste of time , i personally do n't see how it is worth it . 
  yeah , i know , but they 're going to nerf it . 
  but dice are going to nerf it . 
  also , i do n't remember the last time i died to a flir/irnv user . 
  the phantom bow was worth the 8 hours though . 
  nobody plays the night map on ps4 anymore . 
  useless . 
  not on ps4 they 're not .
