  well , it 's more how you play than how much . 
  sure , i have reached nearly 1000 hours in the last year , but i spend most of that time practicing these stunts usually in game but sometimes even in an empty server . 
  well actually for a large portion of each game i am taking down the enemy jets and helis while i wait for a sniper in an appropriate position for a stunt . 
  it 's a fictitious chinese observatory based off arecibo observatory . 
  yeah , but they are n't anti infantry , theyre anti air or anti tank lock ons . 
  the main cannons i use are a 10 shot kill on infantry for balancing purposes . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  i am almost certain , the developers ( dice ) are aware that there is a stunting community and many times people see the stunts and think that battlefield looks like a cool game . 
  the other thing is that battlefield is designed to be a fast paced arcade fps and a long animation to enter and leave a vehicle just makes gameplay slow and it does n't flow gameplay wise . 
  well , i did [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/ldb6_rywqq4 ) a while back, 
  understandable , but i get my fair share of hitmarkers and no kill too . 
  well , i do n't have a job , nor do i need one at this point and i have 2 months off , so the only thing i realistically have to do is keep fit , so time is definitely plentiful . 
  the best you 're going to get is just visiting / r/battlefield _ 4 and looking through gifs in the `` hot '' section , there will be no more than 5 per day . 
  battlefield 4, 
  the distance i am away from the cockpit is lag . 
  if i were to land on the cockpit i would miss the jet since the server thinks that the jet is in front of where it appears to be for me . 
  so me going in front of the jet is 100 % intentional . 
  i eject out of my jet , shoot a guy and kill him with a smaw ( rocket launcher ) fly through the support structure and get back in my jet . 
  i and get back in my jet since you only have to hold the enter vehicle by holding a button while in close vicinity . 
  i 'm not great at tutorials but i did one on how i do the rodeo [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/_pzrineti0o ), 
  lol . 
  how do you type with a line through it by the way ? 
  play the fucking objective, 
  on pc you press eject and spacebar at the same time and on console you have to get out of the jet and back in which can be accomplished by landing the jet to get out and back in or you do rodeo to which i made a tutorial ( which is n't great but it does the job ) that is [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/_pzrineti0o ), 
  the giant dish in goldeneye and the one in game are designed off [ arecibo observatory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arecibo_observatory ), 
  the giant dish in goldeneye and the one in game are designed off arecibo observatory, 
  the physics are n't supposed to be realistic , anyway , what actually happens is i maintain my velocity which was inherited from the jet until the end where i put my smaw away guide myself to the jet as i fall . 
  the reason i am in front of the jet is because when you eject from a jet in bf4 the jet stalls and attempts to land itself ( lowering it 's landing gear ) so i am not going faster than the jet was , the jet just stalls itself . 
  ^ so yes . 
  most of the time i spend in bf4 somehow involves either flying a jet or doing these stunts . 
  ~ ~ thanks a little bit ~ ~ thanks a lot !, 
  holiday , to [ stuart island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stewart_island ) and the uk, 
  well , i can understand that but bf4 is n't supposed to be realistic and as for it being unfair it is much harder to do than it looks , it took me a good half hour in an empty server before i even got it once and months do be able to do it consistently . 
  also if you pull your parachute to get back in the jet ( which is a common procedure if you are too far in front or to the side of your jet you ca n't pull it a second time so it takes skill to be able to do it over and over many times . 
  battlefield has only ever been marketed on `` larger battles '' not realism . 
  it is n't arma . 
  it was never meant to be a military simulator . 
  it 's a common misconception . 
  i have one which is a bf4 first , but an m32 mgl rendezook is n't that hard so i 'm going to post it when i 'm away . 
  i would be offended if i did n't have a life , the thing is that i have one more year of high school before uni and it 's 2 months of holidays now so i have lots of spare time and as long as i keep fit i do n't care what i do with the rest of my time . 
  what about rendedefib ? 
   press the eject button and spacebar on pc and on console you simply have to get out , and back in the jet either by landing or doing a `` rodeo '' where you ride the jet and get back in . 
  sometimes if an explosive detonates on the window of the cockpit and it deals enough damage to kill the player without having to destroy the vehicle it wo n't destroy the vehicle but you will still get the kill . 
  it 's a glitch . 
  i did it , i got a triple kill ;p [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/wl_9ymqmzom ), 
  and if you want me to do it as a normal rendezook as i fly by it is almost impossible , especially on low tick rate servers since none of the 30 times per second that the server receives info on where i am may not be in a close enough position to get a defib kill , even that is give that i time it and line it up perfectly without either missing , dying after hitting the support structure or my player getting pushed aside of the jets path by the support structure . 
  i tried for 3 hours in an empty server with a ~ ~ friend ~ ~ patient friend and there were times where i should have got it but we put it down to tick rate . 
  i might try it when 60hz is on console . 
  they have been testing 60hz on ps4 , it should be implemented next patch or just on a random day with a server update . 
  the glitch is that an rpg/smaw hitting a chopper does n't make it explode that is the glitch . 
  i think it will be mostly high tick servers once they are 100 % stable due to uniform 60fps across all players which leaves nobody at a disadvantage if they only get 30fps ( since no ps4 gets just 30fps ), 
  i like people to know that i 'm not just doing it at the expense of others for my own gain . 
  but instead that i do still play the objective , i just have another objective of my own . 
  most people seem to think that i could n't give a fuck about the outcome of the game which is n't true . 
  dlc maps are n't often played anymore , you wont be missing out on much at all these days without dlc . 
  definitely recommend , and by the way it 's battlefield 4 , 
  yes . 
  both goldeneye and the in game map is based off arecibo observatory . 
  i guess just a normal rendezook with a smaw is the easiest , but the more you do it the easier it gets . 
  how does a rocket hit a pilot who is behind glass ? 
  the rocket hits the glass and it is close enough to the pilot that the splash damage kills him , the fact that a rocket hitting the helicopters glass is the glitch . 
  it rarely falls below 60fps except on metro . 
  and you cant have a tick rate higher than your fps . 
  no , i 'm not saying that a higher tick results in an fps drop , i 'm saying that you ca n't get a 60hz tick rate on a pc which only gets 30fps . 
  * facepalm * that 's the point i have been making . 
  still sounds cool though , i loved risk back in the day . 
  thanks !, 
  normal speed edited version : https://youtu.be/digmggrafpa, 
  normal speed edited version : https://youtu.be/digmggrafpa, 
  thanks for the sub  also , i 'll probably be on pc by the end of the year . 
  would be possible if shanghai had a jet :p, 
  on console you have to get out of the jet and get back in , either by landing and getting out or doing a `` rodeo '' where you get out , ride the jet and get back in . 
  this way you will be able to super eject ( where it launches you up ), 
  i thought you crushed if for a second , haha, 
  exactly . 
  i practiced this in an empty server . 
  other times i missed it nothing was wasted since i threw the ammo and got back in the jet . 
  why so salty ? 
  haha , good thinking, 
  i have been thinking about that ... 
  i ca n't play for the rest of january though , but i 'll be testing and maybe attempting that in february . 
  the cable ( under high tension ) breaks from the base and so the energy stored in the tension of the cable causes the cable to whip up and the cable hits the jet . 
  or maa with 30mm and zunis on less vehicle oriented maps, 
  i 'm happy with ps4 , i can chill on my couch with a controller without the disadvantage of using a controller when others use a mouse and keyboard . 
  as a bonus there are no hackers !, 
  i will probably be getting a pc before bf2016 though since i want to post 1080p 60fps videos on youtube . 
  although it is unlikely that getting a pc for bf4 will stop me from playing battlefield on ps4 since as mentioned above chilling on a couch with a controller is better than sitting at a desk . 
  do n't get me started on hackers and how i hate to sit at a desk !, 
  the other issue is that i would get rekt by anyone using m+kb when i 'm using a controller on pc , i 'm weary on joining pc , but due to exclusivity like cte and better quality it will probably inevitably happen . 
  actually , in a 24hr cycle ps4 on average has more players . 
  it seems like you think tht everyone is better off on pc which is n't true . 
  i like the thread so no , i did n't downvote , but you need to realise that i prefer ps4 at the moment , i can chill on my couch with a controller ( since i hate sitting at a desk ) without getting destroyed by anyone using m+kb on pc . 
  fov , i hate looking at a high fov so i would have it low , which immediately puts me at a disadvantage to most good pc players . 
  the other thing is hackers . 
  while they wo n't be a major issue in the first year of the lifespan of the game they plague the game later on . 
  ( like bf4 can sometimes be on pc now ), 
  despite the fact that i prefer playing bf4 on ps4 due to potential ( and most likely ) hardware limitations for the ps4 when running bf2016 and the fact that i want hd content to post on youtube i will ( hopefully ) get a pc before the release of bf2016 . 
  but there is no doubt that i will still play ps4 even when i have a pc since many days i just want to relax and chill on my couch with a controller which is worth the trade in of graphics . 
  i miss destroying at heli pilots with my sraw on shanghai , it was the only balanced counter . 
  ( other than being a good pilot yourself ) i would love to see rooftop battles on c without an at heli on shanghai though , that would be awesome .
