  they will see you but you ca n't see them . 
  that 's not a level playing field , and so it does n't make for fun pvp . 
  simple . 
   and tell all the other players where i am ? 
  no thanks . 
  i 'll stick to a more even pvp playing field . 
  it 's much more fun . 
  the fact that it increases the frequency of encounters where the playing field is uneven because the other players see you but you ca n't see them makes it more frustrating and therefore it is a bad mechanic for pvp servers . 
  see how i already explained that ? 
  i 'm beginning to think that you 're one of those special snowflakes who thinks that they can not be wrong . 
  i knew about it before i even played the game . 
  it only takes a couple of 5 minute youtube tutorials and you should know enough to get by . 
  that 's all i did when i started playing in 0.55 . 
  and it 's what i 'll continue to do when i buy new games . 
  so your response to that comment is essentially `` you 're a troll , i 'm not falling for your troll comments . '', 
  in spite of the fact that you are yet to pose any evidence that i am a troll except for weak comment using anecdotal evidence . 
  lmao , you 're only convincing yourself here . 
  if you do n't light a torch , you ca n't see anything with the default gamma !, 
  that 's my point . 
  it 's either stare at a black screen for 2 hours or tell everyone within a 1km radius where you are . 
  both make for bad * pvp gameplay . 
   again a bullshit one, 
  again ? 
  lmao , which other argument was bullshit and show me how you proved me wrong . 
  i already have my monitor brightness and gamma on full . 
  i already explained why in game lights make for bad * pvp gameplay * . 
  ( good for pve or rp however ), 
  i have an rx480 with up to date drivers . 
  there are no issues here . 
  do n't get me wrong , i quite like the idea of forced dark night servers , but only in pve/rp/hardcore servers . 
  i think it makes for bad pvp gameplay . 
   i do n't need to prove you are a troll , you do that for me . 
  what solid evidence you pose there . 
  ^ / s clearly , you ca n't find any and so you resort to useless anecdotal evidence and accusations . 
  do you know how a torch works ? 
  it lights up the area around you . 
  someone on the other side of a field will see a glowing orange dot and instantly know there is a player there . 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  if you read all of my comments ( which based on your number of replies , you should have ) you would have realised that i think dark nights make for * bad pvp gameplay * but good rp/pve/hardcore gameplay . 
   instead cater to my trolling ass . 
  still waiting on some concrete evidence that i am a troll other than you saying `` you 're a troll '' to me . 
  i did n't say removing the gamma slider would be good . 
  ( it 's not a glitch lmao . ), 
  i think servers should have the option to turn off the client gamma slider . 
  why ? 
  because dark nights make for * bad pvp gameplay * but good pve/rp/hardcore gameplay . 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  they will still see a glowing orb on a dark screen . 
  they can wait in darkness and know that nobody will see them but they can see others who choose to use lights . 
   that 's the beauty of being right, 
  yet you fail to provide evidence of why you 're right and you disregard any rebuttals rather than refuting them . 
  they are not the actions of a man who is correct . 
   i think servers should have the option to turn off the client gamma slider . 
  why ? 
  because dark nights make for bad pvp gameplay but good pve/rp/hardcore gameplay . 
  there is your instance . 
  it makes pvp less of a fair playing field and more frustrating as the frequency of encounters where player 1 sees player 2 but player 2 does n't see player 1 . 
  so therefore , i think it is bad for pvp servers but the increased immersion is good for pve/rp/hardcore servers . 
  still waiting on evidence . 
  you 're just basically saying `` you 're a troll because i said so '' . 
  i explained how i am not a troll but you have n't explained how i am one . 
  to avoid freezing , wear warmer clothing . 
  easy . 
  to avoid starving , loot up and collect supplies in the day time . 
  simple . 
  i already explained this multiple times . 
  your repeated accusations of me being a troll in spite of me clearly refuting these claims with evidence are ironically the actions of a troll ... 
  i hate dark nights and pvp . 
  they are fine in non-pvp servers . 
  you seem to have issues understanding my comments . 
  there is still an increase in the frequency of encounters where player 1 sees player 2 ( p2 is using a light source ) but player 2 does n't see player 1 . 
  this makes for less fair , less enjoyable pvp . 
  my opinion will change once night vision is implemented . 
   you hate nighttime, 
  i already explained how this is not true many times over . 
  even if this was true , that in no way makes my opinion invalid . 
  i said that troll has a different meaning in the battlefield community and by looking at my top submissions , you can see that i am a big battlefield fan . 
  how is that equivalent to saying `` no i 'm not '' ? 
  that is clear evidence . 
  in the definition within the battlefield community , yes . 
  within the generic definition , no . 
  that 's correct . 
   i hate dark nights and pvp . 
  they are fine in non-pvp servers . 
  your quote here proves my point that i do n't hate nighttime out right . 
  i hate night time pvp but like it in pve/rp/hardcore servers . 
  thanks for proving yourself wrong !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  gary said he 'd post something on the forums but i 'm unfamiliar with the forums . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  thank you for the confirmation . 
  i because suspicious of that when it got to the point that i was having to repeat myself !, 
  yeah , i just use it when i have to via the browser . 
  i like to distance myself from facebook where i can without distancing myself from my friends . 
  i 've been looking to buy a car and i 've been mining too recently and i almost exclusively get ads for bitcoin websites and car sales ... 
  yes . 
  i 've been using it for just under a month now . 
  it 's good , although the transaction fees involved getting your nz money transferred to credit on their site is a pain when you do n't have any bank accounts in aud . 
  for me it was $ 15 + what my bank charged for the swift transfer . 
  it 's also another $ 20 to make a withdrawal back into a nz bank account .
