  why would there be a spawn timer and a random spawn location system in place ? 
  i would love it if that was a setting so that i could get more frames when i play on pc . 
  i feel the same way about people who give celebrities doing amas gold . 
  had a look through your comment history ... you 're just a judgmental asshole . 
  who care 's if someone 's grammar is a little off ? 
  it 's the internet , i 'm not writing an essay here . 
  free reddit gold for tying a comment ? 
  too good to be true . 
  they 're more scared of you than you are of them . 
  no matter what . 
  there is about a 99 % chance that the kid had already drowned and then the piranhas ate the dead body . 
  piranhas are scared of people . 
  i walked on them with no problem :p, 
  if he was 100 % white then the title would make sense . 
  neil de `` greatest '' tyson, 
  so * that 's * where the tooth fairy 's money comes from ... 
  the dentists must be in on the whole thing . 
  nope , but apparently you and me are the only ones . 
  a little louder ? 
  where was that taken from ? 
  i was thinking this too , since europa most likely has its own microorganisms . 
  the thick layer of insulating ice on the surface which when combined with thermal vents under the ice can make a layer of water perfect for small life forms . 
  surviving in a similar way to those which form around undersea vents on earth . 
  that 's what makes europa so interesting . 
  given the conditions , can life form , or is any life there similar to here on earth ? 
  or is there none at all ? 
  why might this be ? 
  nasa plans to launch a probe to europa by 2025 . 
  `` most likely '' may have been an exaggeration on my part . 
  that means there is a potential for stunts !, 
  more torque . 
  do you think i care ? 
  they 're why i play . 
  so why would i give a shit about why you play ? 
  oh , and i can still get in the top 10 of the leaderboard while still doing stunts in bf4 , so your point is somewhat invalid . 
  dice is always going to make sure that they are possible since they act as free advertising whenever someone does something epic and it gets on social media then it is free advertising for the game . 
  it works too . 
  i have had multiple people comment on my stuff saying , `` huh , i might get bf4 '' or `` i think i might re-install bf4 '', 
  actually , his first comment suggested to me that he did n't approve of what i did . 
  but his second comment i actually agree with , my reply there explains my stance . 
  i simple misinterpreted where he stands on the issue of should bf stunts be a thing or not . 
  well , the reason why i assumed that parachutes = stunts is because if there were no parachutes , then why would dice even make ejecting/getting out of a plane a thing ? 
  so it suggests to me that there is most likely going to be some sort of stunt which dice will make possible . 
  whether it will be a rodeozook , a rendezook or a loopzook . 
  so i did n't come to that conclusion because i want to do parachuting stunts . 
   an unintended mechanic, 
  this is simply not true . 
  if it was the case , first off , on pc you can do a super eject , or a normal eject by pressing eject + jump or just eject respectively . 
  so why would a glitch be optional ? 
  if it was unintentional , then why would they make it optional ? 
  if it was unintentional then it would not be choice and it would simply happen . 
  it 's the same on console , by default you do n't super eject . 
  you have to get out of the jet and re-enter the jet to activate the super eject . 
  secondly , dice like the stunting community because as already stated they promote the game and so why would n't they make optional mechanics which help with stunts ? 
  it 's why the jet stalls when nobody is in it -- so that you retain your momentum and your jet does n't allowing you to guide yourself back into the cockpit . 
   i do enjoy watching stunts , including yours, 
  i do appreciate that !, 
  i do n't want to come off as a dick just arguing about this , but actually , i totally understand your point . 
  stunts are detrimental to the game , but most games ( at least for the stunts i do ) i still am useful to the team . 
  i will always take out an enemy jet before i attempt a stunt , otherwise , i just die to enemy jets heaps . 
  i will also take out helicopters if they are n't a target for my stunt . 
  this is why my k/d is over 2 , because while i 'm not fully ptfoing , i am usually still doing what a stealth jet is designed to do -- to take out enemy jets and air vehicles . 
  on the other hand , i could be doing more for my team , but i am more helpful than that sniper at the back of the map and i 'm doing a better job than most stealth pilots do . 
  / r/safetymanuals, 
  i found out the hard way . 
  i traded with someone in elektro and my first spawn was near my body ... servers went down when i was about 50 metres away . 
  what episode is that from ? 
  [ great reference . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuqdhw0jmkw ), 
  i have only been a sub here for a week and i have seen this one before . 
  they even gilded themselves to try and hide the downvotes . 
  but is it for all vehicles ? 
  i know that the best places to find them are in trains and in clothing -- particularly hunting jackets . 
  maybe they 're in australia . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , the cause or the website layout . 
  you 're the largest section of that bullshit half . 
  so threads get nuked when you post in them ? 
  yeah , sounds right . 
  well , as a kiwi , i 'll take any opportunity to make a joke about aussies , even if it applies to kiwis too . 
  [ hellooo , that sounds like a pig fainting ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xffhicjh15k ), 
  pizza, 
  wow . 
  that was my best click all day !, 
  even worse , i ca n't do that because it is currently glitched and so when i visit my channel , i always see `` this is what your channel looks like in english '' i get this every time and there is no way to remove it . 
  netflix and kill ... on site . 
  that was terrible . 
  you 're thinking of what happens when you look down . 
  looking up does n't do this . 
  it looks more like the tec building in dayz to me . 
  the link no longer works . 
  it still says `` the image you 're requesting does not exist or is no longer available '' . 
  well actually , google will vary searches depending on ones search history and view history , it will put what it thinks is more relevant to you at the top . 
  it 's ok , there should be a beta before then :d, 
  * explains a complicated thing in an unbelievably understandable way *, 
  only entrance animations and its unlikely that they will be for all vehicles . 
  i have never used adblocker and forbes still asked me to take adblocker off ... 
  i never got to see the article . 
  i was waiting for a simpsons reference here . 
  but then what about people who have to play on low anyway ?
