  i can get to the server browser in battlefield 4 within 60 seconds of starting up my ps4 . 
  that 's not the case with my pc which will take about 1 and a half minutes if not longer . 
  for reference , this if from off to the in-game server browser . 
  `` bear tax * 5 dollars ?!, 
  * this is the biggest tax hike in history ! '', 
  `` no , dad , actually it 's the smallest tax hike in history . '', 
  i do n't know you but you 'll be a 10,000 % improvement on the previous one . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsvqlhghlpw ), 
  i just took a look at some photos + street view pics . 
  it looks really nice !, 
  how many of the locals there spoke english ? 
  i 've always wondered how that proportion varies by nation as i 've always thought that talking to locals abroad is really good for widening your understanding and view of the world . 
  interesting . 
  i 've always wondered how well the spanish and portuguese languages can be understood by each other . 
  especially between south american and european speakers of the languages . 
  and i guess you 've never made any grammatical errors in your life , right ? 
  the writer is still human . 
  to expect journalists ( or anyone for that matter ) to never make mistakes is ridiculous . 
  but more importantly , did you say sorry to the moose ? 
  wow . 
  the one from 2013 really shows how good the current theme is . 
  ghost stories was nice too , but you guys really nailed the ahfod one !, 
  as a 480 owner , i see the best thing to do is to simply mine yourself . 
  it 's not hard and it 's not worsening the shortage of new cards . 
  it 's just a price correction . 
  the bear market will last a few months tops before continued growth given new developments are implemented fine . 
  development of ethereum is still going well and it will likely move to a proof of stake system soon . 
  aka no more mining required . 
  nice choice of game . 
  if getting the majority of votes is considered getting stomped , then i 'd like to know what you would say the guy who got the second most amount of votes got ... 
  duh , a corrupt criminal makes a better president than a man with integrity . 
  i would consider dna a manual . 
  elon musk does n't know everything . 
  he is not a literal god . 
  you could use [ frinkiac ] ( http://www.frinkiac.com ) to count the number of lines each character has said in all of the episodes and create an average per episode . 
  came here to find this . 
  i would n't worry about terrorist attacks . 
  you 're ** way ** more likely to die in a car crash driving there . 
  drive safe !, 
  username does not check out . 
  i 've also heard she owns the springfield shovel racket . 
  that 's what i thought !, 
  i was hoping he would recreate [ this . ], 
  ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/b5/3a/ef/b53aeffc36e600787b11babcb1bcb19d.jpg ), 
  yep . 
  i missed out on the $ 150 ether because of the wait for a wire transfer . 
  i would have bought immediately at anything below $ 180 . 
  waited for yesterday 's peak to settle to buy at $ 230 again . 
  yeah , i hate waiting for wire transfers . 
  someone should make like a currency with cheap , instant transactions ... oh right . 
  definitely , as long as you can afford to lose what you 're investing . 
  i 'm warning about selling because you think it will go lower or just panic selling to re-buy later . 
  sure , eth could crash , but i believe in the technology behind it more than i do any other cryptocurrency . 
  so what i 'm saying is that while the market will continue to be volatile , in the time span of a year , i think eth 's value is likely to rise . 
  i do n't think it 's a safe bet to assume that the next month with continue like the last two . 
  i 've seen many people in this sub saying they sold counting on a lower price coming . 
  with the drop after yesterday 's rise to just under 250 , it is easy for new investors to see it dropping again and think it is safe to sell now , buy lower . 
  i 'm merely warning people to do research and think through each decision rather than panic selling or counting on a price drop when hodling is a better strategy for newer investors . 
   it does n't sound like you have been in cryptocurrencies very long . 
  i did mention i first bought in may ... 
  i 'm not going for a lambo though ... my flair says investor rather than trader for a reason . 
  i 'm interested in trading , but i 'm way too new and inexperienced to successfully do it . 
  this , along with the fact that the website through which i buy my crypto is n't one a trader would use . 
  i just chose the only one which would accept my nzd without charging an exorbitant price for ether and bitcoin and without having to use a currency exchange where i would lose a large chunk of my investment right off the bat . 
  i 'm watching the market and learning for future * trading * . 
  i 'm recording when i * would * buy and when i * would * sell at the moment before i put any money on trading . 
  as for my investment , i 'm just looking for a 50 % -200 % roi over the next few years . 
  if i lose it all , then that 's ok . 
  i can spare a couple grand . 
  it 's all part of gaining experience and learning about the market rather than making a huge profit and getting a lambo ... at least for now . 
  better than a man who actively avoided duty ... you know who i 'm talking about . 
  it 's be great if we actually could raise a million dollars : /, 
  but you 're not a stranger , you 're obama 's tie . 
  so inanimate objects on the internet are willing to give others the help and strength that they need . 
  what about gold and silver though ? 
  sure , it could be both , but if i was n't into cryptos already , i 'd much rather buy gold and then move back to fiat when it 's all over . 
  this is the best thing i have witnessed all year . 
  most of them yes , but i do n't think that ones like mmix should be counted as it 's more like a 40 second lead up . 
  you do n't listen to mmix but not every teardrop is a waterfall , do you ? 
  [ damn . 
  you beat me to it . ], 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ think ^ ^ you ^ ^ did ^ ^ a ^ ^ better ^ ^ job ^ ^ though ^ ^ , 
  never been more glad not to own the game . 
  thanks !, 
  i pretty much cut out the end and sprayed on most of the carpet . 
  i understand that as i enjoyed arma 3 br , but i prefer hardcore gameplay when a death mean so much . 
  pubg just does n't cut it for me from that point of view . 
  i use gimp . 
  photoshop is too expensive for me :p, 
  i 'll have to take a look at it then !, 
  exactly . 
  streamers who cry about stream snipers without solid evidence are just looking for a scapegoat when really their own lack of skill/tactics lead to their death . 
  i 'm an ethtrader . 
  i do n't have bitcoin anymore . 
  lost faith in the technology , eth has more potential . 
  you have n't lost any money until you sell . 
  eth will almost certainly go up again . 
  just give it time . 
  and op did n't even wait a month to repost it , too !, 
  you should n't invest money you do n't have or ca n't afford .
