  and the points on our comments also suggests that other people highly doubt that too . 
  notes can play a big role . 
  i had some great ideas :(, 
  so what happened ? 
  did you cave in to what your teacher wanted or what reddit wanted ? 
  how did it go ? 
  this . 
  this is why i never support these stories since you 're only passing your frustration and anger on to another person who is n't responsible . 
  some kind of list would be nice because i ca n't see it without a spotify account ... and no , i wo n't sign up . 
  they 're the same thing :p, 
  what i want to know is if there will be parachutes . 
  maybe you can have a parachute instead of a backpack and it will allow you to drop out of a little bird and maybe even a plane if it is running out of fuel and too far from anywhere to land or is getting shot down . 
  that would be a really cool addition and add that extra dimension to air vehicles . 
  i think animals are crucial to this . 
  smaller creatures such as birds and boars would do a lot for the atmosphere of the game . 
  yeah , do you know why ? 
  because people exaggerate how long it has been . 
  standalone has been in development for just over 3 years . 
  lets compare this to battefield 4 . 
  development of that started in 2011 , 3 years later it was a few months past release ... and it was one of the most broken games on the market . 
  another 2 years later and battlefield 4 is quite possibly the best arcade first person shooter available . 
  where could dayz be in 2 years time ? 
  at this rate , with the new engine and renderer tech etc i believe it will be finished or very close to it . 
  i imagine that vehicles will still need tweaking by this time , but aside from this , i ca n't see the game not being a great , stable game . 
  edit : and mod support will likely come in a year or two . 
  i 've found multiple in feedshacks in the last week . 
  it was one of two things :, 
  \u2022 high ping or desync, 
  \u2022 he shot you through the door ( which most bullets can penetrate ) and what you saw as the angle which his gun was pointed when clipping through the door was slightly misaligned with where it actually was pointing . 
  i love big meet ups . 
  your best bet is just to visit large dayz streamers and ask them if they do meet ups with followers or subs recently . 
  i love joining in with these streams . 
  in terms of weapons , it 's most likely because they want to keep the spawn points balanced so that you get better guns and more guns around certain inland areas but still making it possible to acquire a gun on the coast . 
  if they added all of the dozen or so guns which have been posted on trello and social media by bohemia overnight , then the loot economy would be a mess . 
  it 'd be much harder to find gun and its corresponding mag unless they make guns spawn more frequently , but then would a trip up nw be justified if there are so many gun now ? 
  i can only imagine that loot balance is the reason . 
  a good video , i love to see some revenge !, 
  i 'm not a fan of the aspect ratio though . 
  it tends to be less bamboozling . 
  there are more music services than spotify ... maybe i want to recreate it elsewhere . 
  really ? 
  i guess it 's not something you notice until it gets you killed . 
  a mix of high to low, 
  it was great !, 
  i subbed too because you had more quality content . 
  well actually , i usually play private hive , and when i die but want to keep playing and i do n't want to gear up , i will just switch to public hive . 
  so most of the time i am on private . 
  i know !, 
  especially in literally the exact corner i used 30 seconds before !, 
  i totally agree , however i will start playing on private hives and if i die but want to keep playing and do n't want to gear up , i will switch to public . 
  if it is interaction you are looking for , then you should try servers like dayzunderground which encourages interaction or dystopiarp which has pvp and no kos zones . 
  yes , but the person getting ghosted ca n't control the situation whereas the person logging in has the ability to choose a quiet spot to log in . 
  but like the first clip in my video , he chose to log in in a dangerous spot and he paid the price . 
  had he killed me , then that would be unfair for me since i had no control over the situation . 
  .9 % oil ?!, 
  yeah right !, 
  i have never used adblocker and never will . 
  yet i have still had websites tell me to turn off adblocker ... 
  i literally could n't view the web page at all . 
  i use safari . 
  i do n't use adblocker because i think it 's morally wrong , at least for the sites i visit since adverts provide money for small web devolopers and content creators , many of whom do n't get enough money to make up for the hours the put in . 
  lmao , that would totally destroy / r/me _ irl, 
  based on the fact that trump won because of ~ 80k people in 3 states , that 's well within a margin of error . 
  just because an outcome has a < 10 % chance of happening does n't mean that it ca n't happen . 
  but how do i know i can trust the people you call `` we '' ? 
  elon musk would like to challenge that last part . 
   imagine the things you could do with $ 1,000,000 ... have life saving surgery, 
  or you could move to a nation with proper healthcare coverage . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  i have to decide whether i should get a job or stay in bed . 
   it 's where you put your emergency liquor stash of course, 
  ftfy, 
  undoubtedly a 5v5 team deathmatch in the vavilovo industrial area . 
  it was at the end of a streamer meet up . 
  ( which are always an insane amount of fun ! ), 
  what made it so great was that it was an area where many of us had never had pvp before and so it was a different experience . 
  add ghillie . 
  or i 'm living with my parents . 
  i used to like [ grozovoy pass ] ( http://imgur.com/djo5bwf ) before tisy military base was added . 
   possibly a complete ban on non-lab-grown meat, 
  do you think this would be limited to farming or would it essentially be a ban on hunting ? 
  i must admit , i ca n't wait for lab grown meats . 
  that was some very satisfying revenge . 
  well , i would say a 100 metre headshot with a chambered 1911 but my recording failed when i needed it most . 
  shit . 
  i played dayz last . 
  this is not going to be fun . 
  you ca n't really go wrong with what you see on / r/politics, 
  dad 'n me, 
  pfft , everything which comes from that twitter account is fake news !, 
  ** sad !, 
  me too . 
  i saw bike lanes at about 150k . 
  i 'm glad he 's back to normal videos . 
  the vlogs were good , but his project videos were next level good . 
   all subs with educated , logically thinking people, 
  ftfy, 
  actually , if you look at maps of counties which voted republican/democrat , you 'll find that trump won the `` uneducated vote '' or the majority of counties with lowest rate of college qualifications . 
  look [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-37889032 ) and [ here ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/07/us/how-trump-can-win.html?_r=0 ), 
  but i guess using the bbc as a source makes it `` fake news '' , right ?
