  battlefield 4, 
  at no extra cost after the base game . 
  battlefield 4, 
  to play multiplayer , yes . 
  yeah !, 
  the level design is just a fictitious chinese replica of [ arecibo observatory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arecibo_observatory ), 
  it 's even called a roadkill when you run someone over with an rc aeroplane , killing them ... 
  the jet hitting the wire , it was supposed to continue flying . 
  look up : `` night operations '', 
  `` community operations '', 
  `` legacy operations '', 
  i wanted to `` ghost ride the whip '' so it was just to make it look cooler and to puzzle the enemy when he sees the killcam . 
  depends if it is your sort of game . 
  but if it is , it has almost no bugs/glitches anymore , little to no lag and the player base is pretty much as big as ever . 
  if you think that i think that it is stupid that it is unrealistic , or if you think that i am one of those people who argue about realism , you 're wrong . 
  i just made that title what it is because it seems to be controversial . 
  my motive is to entertain people , it 's really rewarding . 
  i assume that on pc the players tend to be better and so my jet would get shot down and/or there would n't be snipers on the wires . 
  source : i play ps4 & pc, 
  i assume that on pc the players tend to be better and so my jet would get shot down and/or there would n't be snipers on the wires . 
  source : i play ps4 & pc, 
  that is understandable if you play on pc . 
  console , but i was pushing l3 very hard . 
  the point of this one is that i was a fail when the jet started falling and i saved the jet at the last second . 
  very few people do this . 
  i rarely see anyone else who i do n't play with doing stunts . 
  link to the other one please ? 
  i only posted it once to / r/gaming and once to / r/battlefield _ 4, 
  it is one of the best games around for `` netcode '' now . 
  you can play on servers with a tick rate of well over 100hz , even though 60hz and 40hz are the most common . 
  what i 'm getting at is i do n't even remember the last time i got shot around a corner . 
  so this is actually a clip from a friend of mine who asked if i could post it for him . 
  he does some pretty crazy stuff on his youtube channel !, 
  his full edited version here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zol8ahiqcrc, 
  most servers will be hidden as they are filtered out by the server filter . 
  check what servers you are searching for and change it so that you can see all servers . 
  and 50 % of users ' usernames are `` pm \\ _ me \\ _ your _ ... '', 
  thanks a lot , it 's great to give him some exposure !, 
  i play on aussie and west us servers , yes . 
  this was n't my video though , a friend asked if i could upload it for him . 
  then you would n't have seen the helis explode :p, 
  good point , ask / u/the _ knockout97, 
  you do realise that that was you teammates jet , right ? 
  he bailed a second before . 
  who actually did n't skip half of the video ? 
  great job , maa campers must die . 
  battlefield 4, 
  plz . 
  australia is not a continent . 
  having to put myself as an aussie is insulting . 
  it is oceania . 
  the stat related questions ( or any other continuous data ) should be in a histogram not a pie chart . 
  at the moment the pie graph for our stats tells us little to nothing . 
  also , how about a `` do you care about your stats ? '', 
  question ? 
  that 's practically the same as the demographic that youtube gives me on bf4 videos . 
  so that 's a pretty reliable stat !, 
  same with k/d stats which are not averaged at 1.0 with these results . 
  speaking of which , please display the stats like kd and spm as a histogram , it will tell us more more than a useless pie chart . 
  awesome , 
  cool , thanks for the replies !, 
  but a histogram gives a visual representation , much easier to interpret . 
  a pie chart is no more useful than the raw data in this case . 
  although now i realise that this is an issue with google docs not letting you use a histogram for this data . 
  you can change the data you put into the histogram to be a percentage . 
  just for the visual representation of the spread . 
  also , the average skill of a player in this sub would be slightly above average . 
  a bar chart is for separate data ( favourite gun ) , a histogram is for continuous ( eg 0-49spm , 50-99spm etc ), 
  a bar graph is not a histogram . 
  they are very similar but for different types of data . 
  look it up . 
  bar is for separate data and a histogram is for continuous data . 
  full video : https://youtu.be/v693guhpoli, 
  an rc aeroplane killing 6 soldiers . 
  you have a great point , but i have been playing for over a year and have been noticing the kos and backstabbings getting worse . 
  it is understandable , i like pvp myself , but how is shooting someone who was nice to you in the back any fun ? 
  shooting players is fun , but how so if he is literally standing there being kind to you . 
  as for leading by example , i 'm typing this because i have practically given up on that . 
  i never said that you should play the game in a particular way . 
  i said why not actually try talking to people just once . 
  i 'm not calling the community shit because they kill on sight . 
  i 'm calling the community shit because a large majority of people will backstab you no matter how kind you are . 
  that 's an interesting idea . 
  mac master race ... except for gaming :p, 
  the sad thing is that i just got bored of my kos phase . 
  i do have phases . 
  usually goes from going nw to coastal pvp , but i 'll always look for interactions when i can . 
  recently , i have been so tired of hackers and dying in bullshit ways which are totally unfair or out of my control that i look for fun interactions . 
  no luck . 
  but the thing is that i 'm never on edge when i 'm being kind , i do n't lie . 
  i will happily give away a secondary weapon . 
  for example , tonight i was in kamy police station with at least 2 snipers in the hills suppressing us . 
  a fresh spawn came in with very little gear but not totally fresh , i have an mp5 and he is aware of the snipers . 
  he seems nice , no red flags etc and we hear footsteps so he asks if he can have anything and so i give him my axe . 
  the moment i turn my back he smacks me with it . 
  i run out of the room , closing the door behind me and he hits me again through the wall , knocking me out . 
  how is that fun ? 
  we had a common enemy too , but he would rather just kill a friendly guy for the hell of it even though the kill took no skill and i doubt was a satisfying kill . 
  battlefield 4 is my getaway for that . 
  i actually play it more often .
