  almost , but the .50 cal is n't in a place where you can safely land the jet ... it 's atop a tower in a jungle . 
  instead i grab the .50 cal , grab a boat to take back to my base , then i have a kind friend land the jet for me to take . 
  i showed most of the process in the youtube [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byocjjegtum ) of this stunt . 
  you can do it in helis , but you have about 1 second ( maybe even less ) to aim and shoot before you start falling . 
  search heli rendezook on youtube if you want to see it . 
  i go solo most of the time too . 
  not with sniper rifles , especially not at that range since aim assist locks on to the target and does n't account for bullet velocity . 
  so far it appears as though the rendezook ( launching into the air ) wo n't be a thing , however i do have many plans for similar things . 
  yes . 
  is what used ? 
  aim assist played no part whatsoever in this kill . 
  anything past 20m it wo n't do a thing . 
  i turn it on and off . 
  off for cqb maps/infantry centric maps because if i 'm aiming at a gap it will often follow someone who is moving on the other side of the wall which moves my aim away from the gap . 
  also , auto aim prioritises gadgets like motions sensors over players so as i am sure you can imagine it will snap on to a motion sensor rather than the guy right in front of me . 
  on for anything else since these annoyances do n't happen . 
  well actually , this has only ever been done once before one video record because the sniper rifle is a `` battle-pickup '' , you ca n't spawn with it . 
  not only this but before the gif i dealt about 90 damage to his jet and then let him on my tail . 
  this sniper deals 20 damage but the issue is getting it , i had to take a boat to an island , climb a tower to pick it up , run back to the shore , find another boat , get back to the aircraft carrier and wait for my friend to spawn in a jet and land it for me so i can take it . 
  this is n't something which can be done a lot , even by someone who has mastered getting out and back in the jet . 
  most people ca n't and do n't even know how to do a rendezook where you get out and back in the jet like that . 
  you make a good point , but there is that . 
  i hear the bf4 or bf3 theme , haha . 
  only because i ca n't use the old bf themes in my youtube videos because the monetization gets disabled due to copyright . 
  true , but it sniping out a pilot then getting back in the jet has only been done once and i have been trying it for months . 
  there is a lot of luck involved . 
  ( skill too ) i have had pleanty of [ hitmarkers ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ibtyxem3y&amp;t=0m43s ) on a pilot before getting back in my jet . 
  thank you for not using lock-ons . 
  thanks !, 
  this happens so rarely . 
  i am yet to see an enemy jump out of their jet and get back in who is not on my friends list . 
  it takes time to learn how to do it and i never see random people doing it . 
  yeah , although i have had [ hitmarkers ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ibtyxem3y&amp;t=0m43s ) trying to do that :(, 
  yep !, 
  thanks !, 
  because i dealt about 90 damage to the enemy jet before the gif started . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm enjoying a busy inbox !, 
  i um ... made modifications to my jet and um ... used super grippy gloves . 
  why ? 
  it happens so rarely . 
  i have never seen anyone get out and back in the jet successfully in a game who is n't a friend of mine playing with me . 
  you simply do n't see it !, 
  so few people do it because it takes time to learn . 
  haha , yeah , you probably wo n't anytime soon since i 'm usually on australian servers at the same time most days . 
  but why ? 
  i could understand if it was commonplace , but it happens so rarely . 
  i have never seen anyone get out and back in the jet successfully in a game who is n't a friend of mine playing with me . 
  you simply do n't see it !, 
  so few people do it because it takes time to learn . 
  my kind friend did :d, 
  i am unsure , but based on how the animation works , i would say yes it is since often if you knife someone while they 're vaulting the just slingshot back to you . 
  this is on ps4 and the graphics are grat if you can tolerate a little bit of motion blur . 
  but why ? 
  i could understand if it was commonplace , but it happens so rarely . 
  i have never seen anyone get out and back in the jet successfully in a game who is n't a friend of mine playing with me . 
  you simply do n't see it !, 
  so few people do it because it takes time to learn . 
  yes . 
  * raises eyebrow *, 
  for this one , not that many since the jet is actually quite a big target and the hard part was actually taking the jet down to less than 20 health without disabling him so that i could one-shot kill him !, 
  i would guess 10-20 attempts . 
  usually about 30 is a good guess for a typical stunt though . 
  well , on the bright side there are very few people who do it because it takes time to learn how to get back in the jet every time . 
  there is actually a lot of small things you need to learn to be able to do it consistently . 
  also , i had to deal 90 damage to him before the video started to be able to kill him . 
  i plan to do it and simply keep on trying it until i kill someone how i wanted to . 
  i took a boat to the .50 cal spawn , got a boat back to the base where my kind friend landed a jet for me to take . 
  i can understand that , but it does wonders for marketing of the game since most people see it as something which shows how awesome the game is , often resulting in people wanting the game . 
  i know :p, 
  it takes many attempts usually , this one did n't take many attempts but it took a long time between attempts since it is hard to deal 90 damage to a jet without disabling it and then shoot it before it regenerates back to over 20 health . 
  as for scripted , if by that you mean shooting friends then i do not do that . 
  feel free to look through [ all of my stunt videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plzzscqe0cvracrms5evc840cq_-jdft5o ) and look for repeat names . 
  there wo n't be any . 
  also , none of the people i kill will be in any battle-reports other than the game i killed them in since i join and leave during the match when trying a stunt . 
  so if you were asking if my stunts are fake , they 're not . 
  i just join game after game and i do n't stop trying easily !, 
  yes . 
  it deals 20 damage per shot on a jet . 
  i took the jet down to about 10 health before the video started . 
  this was posted just a few weeks ago . 
  maybe you should check if it is a recent post or not next time . 
  i posted it 1 month ago , retard . 
  a few weeks is more than two . 
  i was fully aware that this post was two weeks old when i made that comment . 
  20 damage to jets !, 
  yes and no . 
  the average bf4 player who has n't done it before would fail first time . 
  there are many intricate little details which you need to know . 
  like tilting you left wing down slightly before you eject , not touching the d pad/left joystick until your player stops falling , ( that 's what most people get wrong ) leading the jet the right amount depending on your ping to the server , tapping the move back button/back on the joystick as you reach the top of your flight path ( but not for too long ) so that you do n't get launched too far in front of your jet , not pulling your parachute if you can avoid it since your reserve chute will open in a random direction and pull you up more , often resulting in you getting pushed to the side , away from the jet . 
  it 's not as easy as it looks , however with hours of practice you can do it a few dozen times before missing , however it took me weeks to be able to get back in consistently . 
  but once you can do it consistently it is actually quite easy . 
  my permission ? 
  but most people do n't want to see the same thing every two weeks . 
  that 's not enough money . 
  you can purchase them at your local $ 9 store . 
  our selves so we are n't paying more for it than 90 % of the world . 
  you tell him ... flannel ? 
  say , do you know towelie ? 
  that 's a myth .
