  lol, 
  if you hold the button down to enter the vehicle while in the vicinity you will enter it . 
  i will appear as though i missed it due to lag , the server thinks that the jet is further in front of where i see it , so i have to lead the jet a little bit . 
  it will not let me back in the jet if i land on the wings though , i have to be near the cockpit . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  battlefield 4, 
  yes , due to the developers still releasing free dlcs until the next battlefield title . 
  thanks !, 
  it is new zealand , well noticed !, 
  aim assist ? 
  i hold the aim and i drag my aim and release it at the right time . 
  have a problem with the explosives used ? 
  here : http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose, 
  no explosives or aim assist in this one , i did a fast draw back of the arrow resulting in hipfire accuracy which is not affected by aim assist . 
  also , aim assist does much less than you think . 
  at that range , it wont affect my aim at all . 
  how about you play a console battlefield for a reasonable length of time so you know how negligible the effect of aim assist is . 
  impossible , i did this about 4 days ago . 
  you may have seen my other bow rendezook here : http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose, 
  that was about a month ago . 
  staged ? 
  for one , i have done this stunt before . 
  also , if you have ever played this map ( hainan resort ) you would know that almost every game there is a squad or even half the team in extreme cases defending the roof like it 's an objective . 
  snipers and other low ranking players like to camp the elevators with explosives for free kills . 
  they fuck about and do nothing helpful for their team , so they are the sort of players who teabag each other throwing flares and screaming into their microphones like 12 year olds . 
  there is no reason to boost it as there is almost always a squad of players on that rooftop camping the elevators with explosives , all i have to do is switch teams and start launching arrows at them . 
  if you still do n't believe me , look up his battlelog and psn , compare to mine . 
  any friends in common ? 
  hell , any mutual friends in common ? 
  i have n't checked , but i highly doubt it . 
  well , i do take out other jets and vehicle between shots . 
  i can make a jet last 5-10 shots so i 'm not wasting it every attempt , either . 
  lol , there tends to be a correlation though :p, 
  i 'm 17 been playing since 16 , the minimum age where you can buy bf4 here in new zealand . 
  its all on my youtube , i got one with a smoke grenade launcher . 
  my computer is a macbook pro though ... d :, 
  notice how i stayed aimed in for a while and then timed the release of the arrow ? 
  well , aim assist does n't affect that . 
  aim assist , for one does nothing at that range , and two , it only applies when you aim in , i remained aimed in for a while . 
  you simply have to grab it now , it is hidden on the new community jungle map , youtube how to get it on the community map and it is all yours !, 
  well , while i ca n't deny that , i can say that i take out enemy jets and helicopters before taking a bow shot , or else they will take me out while my jet is exposed while lining up the shot . 
  lol, 
  not quite ... you saw my friend 's rendebow on neebs gaming , he did it on hardcore , his video is here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo4pxugvrhi, 
  correct . 
  well ... 
  i got banned from a server from doing this ... https://youtu.be/ldb6_rywqq4, 
  lol , yep :d, 
  battlefield 4 , a very good game if you like first person shooters but are sick of the same old thing . 
  thank you , 
  yes , i wonder what that would look like ... -_-, 
  i have to be infront of the cockpit to get back in as due to lag between me and the server the plane is actually slightly in front of where it appears to be . 
  i have to be withing about 3 metres of where the server thinks the cockpit is to get back in . 
  so i do try to land slightly in front of the plane . 
  battlefield 4, 
  well , actually , between each bow shot i took down enemy jets and enemy helicopters , that is what the stealth jet is for !, 
  so i was playing the objective , just not as much as possible . 
  i love south park !, 
  well , i run bootcamp on my mac which allows me to play games like dayz at 30fps , and dayz is a very demanding game !, 
  i posted it a month ago :p, 
  well , i like it as it has a good balance of vehicle gameplay , also the very vertical maps add another dimension to an fps . 
  ( literally ), 
  the game was never marked on realism just `` large battles '' etc. 
  i agree , i just wanted to share this since many people said they enjoyed watching the first one , 
  battlefield 4, 
  nope , this is the first , 
  you may remember this one i posted a month ago : http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose, 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  nope , i just kept on trying , it is a matter of time when you master how to get out , and back in the jet , 
  there are hacks on pc , they 're quite common , but i am yet to see a hack or a hackusation with evidence on console . 
  it his c4 , but i got one a few months ago with a normal arrow and no explosives . 
  i love this game ... 
  i oly have to be withing 2-3 metres of the cockpit to get back it , but also , i fall slightly in front of the jet because of the lag , the server thinks that the jet is actually farther in front of where i see it to be , so i have to fall in front of the jet a bit . 
  finally , if i land on the wings i will fall off the back and get back in , so fall where i did was fully intentional . 
  true , but what about this one i did a month ago then ? 
  i find this incredibly frustrating too . 
  triple shotgun loadout , or learn to rendezook . 
  always suav and c4 , groza-1 and deagle . 
  suav is op on metro , seriously . 
  why the sar on such a cqb map ??!, 
  but is is a cqb map with a long time to kill weapon !, 
  nothing to confirm , but why do they display the attachments you ca n't change anyway ? 
  maybe something to come ? 
  granted , guns like the grozas and as val have built in attachments yet it still displays them like you can change them , but that 's a gun , not a bow , the attachments are totally different . 
  i would not be surprised if they add something in time . 
  but medium range = / = the fluster cluck of most games on metro . 
  suav in game ending screen  that . 
  that was still great though !, 
  defib the gunner out , then teabag in front of the tank until something happens resulting in your death . 
  yes !, 
  troll them back for being such noobs !, 
  `` did they nerf-ed '', 
  that would be awesome ... 
  better than a payback in the form of a rendezook ? 
  omg , in game chat , i miss out on seeing the salt everytime i get a huge multikill with my suav on operation metro . 
  would upvote if that was an rpg , not a stinger ... :p, 
  if he was n't camping he would have lived ... 
  just a side note , something else in that video is one of the reasons i hate it ... 
  it 's the destruction of trees and bushes . 
  it is like a wasteland , grenades , and infantry weapons would not cut trees down , and definitely not like that . 
  it destroys the map as there is no cover to use and it removes the immersive jungle feel .
