yeah , i agree danny , but i am only using the free version of imovie at the moments which is very limited and i am currently looking for new software , 
  lol, 
  people in the replies think that `` gen 3 '' is ps4 and xb1 lol , idiots . 
  i know !, 
  ruins of harau, 
  ruins of harau, 
  try using the m320 flashbang , its kill assists galore !, 
  13 % on console ... yeah , it takes like 2 seconds to do a 360 , but i still have a 2k/d with it !, 
  wow , that needs more up votes !, 
  i guess thats one of the few positives about consoles , no hacks , 
  i have had better luck on the coast : / i spent 5 hours around veresnik , nwaf and tent city in a full server and saw nobody !, 
  and after this patch dusting is worse to the point where i get enough dusts in one strafe to take out an enemy jet ... but i dealt no damage !, 
  i can do a whole strafe on a jet in my jet , enough hits to take him out but it says i dealt no damage , this is happening more than ever now !, 
  that fov is hideous . 
  why no pso1 on the svd ??!!, 
  pso1 is the best !, 
  especially those idiots who twenty revive you into an incendiary !, 
  safari, 
  no doubt dice are making good progress ( dust hitting in jet dogfights a side ) but its when they make statements which are in correct . 
  for example dice said that europeans would n't get night operations on ps3/4 for another week . 
  well , they did n't say it but new zealand did n't get it either and new zealand could n't be geographically farther away from europe . 
  so its just the misleading patch notes etc which annoy me . 
  nice shot , but you only got 1 headshot bonus :p, 
  i 'm one of those compulsive reloaders who will reload twice from empty , you never know , that extra bullet might save your ( in game ) life !, 
  it 's realistic , a gun magazine has a certain number of rounds - in this case 35 the magazine when loading the gun from empty immediately loses the capacity for 1 bullet and it is put into the barrel of the gun manually by the pulling back the bolt , this removes 1 bullet from the magazine leaving the magazine with 34 bullets and 1 in the gun 's barrel . 
  if you then put in another full mag in you have 35 + 1 in the barrel ( 36 ) bullets which can be fired . 
  it 's not a glitch . 
  the glitch is when i reloaded after my first burst and if you look at my ammo count it does not go back to 36 . 
  how do i do that on console ? 
  great point , you could be on to something . 
  i took the f35 to get onto the roof of e and the jet was rubber banding a little . 
  rubber banding is typical in nz/aus/asia servers though . 
  thanks, 
  i got lucky in this one too, 
  you 're right , i only play hardcore with no hud for a military sim style game . 
  aus/asian servers my friend , i myself am on fibre optics, 
  that bug is the worse on an rpg d :, 
  important edit : people in the comments section have deduced that it may be down to poor connection to the server . 
  barrel , chamber , you know what i mean , its still a tube of metal / . 
  definitely pondering it , but its still an issue . 
  god damn it reddit , i need to edit this !, 
  i will reupload this under a different title because i cant edit it, 
  naked in hardcore on any long range infantry map with the bare m1911 as a secondary , some great more realistic gameplay there !, 
  i never shot any pipes . 
  are you sure ? 
  i have also had this glitch on sunken dragon when all i have been doing is flying the scout heli . 
  `` darthveda '' amazing small youtuber , map tactics , giving players tips via spectator mode , update info and more great tips, 
  meh , i hate chrome !, 
  are you in europe ? 
  because europeans dont get it until the 8th . 
  but then again its not in the psn store for me and i 'm in new zealand , i assume dice did n't study geography , because new zealand couldnt be geographically farther away from europe . 
  fuck dice for not waning nzers the we were n't getting the dlc , i spent hours trying to find it . 
  yeah , i disagree , why ? 
  because when you master the miniguns you can go on a ramage . 
  if anything the little bird is op so stop crying because you ca n't fly . 
  i would n't be surprised if tdm on that map is in the port and has a noshahr canals layout . 
  yes , but why did i have to wait for it when i am not , and have never been in the eu !, 
  i 'm in new zealand and i had to wait . 
  why ??!!, 
  i did n't even get warned that i would n't get it so i had to waste an hour working out that dice does n't understand geography . 
  triple shotty on locker !, 
  any shotgun , shorty 12g and always the m320 dart . 
  switch between shotguns for every kill, 
  all of those suav kills better have been on operation metro , or else those 2000 suav kills took no skill !, 
  lol , hand flares , good luck with that , its not easy !, 
  acv *, 
  i 'm sorry , but i can upvote you with an in game emblem like that . 
  holy shit !, 
  i do n't need real zombies and apocalypse textures , just an unranked server with a slightly modified version of this server plugin would be epic !, 
  yep , accuracy at long range !, 
  why the downvote ? 
  are you denying that this is a problem ? 
  triple ? 
  i got 7 with 1 suav :d, 
  lots . 
  i have been in the screen before , but often my suav was really far away . 
  that sraw shit is fucked up . 
  dice , stop removing the skillful aspects of the game !, 
  i think dice fired everyone who knows what balancing means . 
  `` the enemy sunk our base '' :3, 
  sure , right here !, 
  thanks , best one yet !, 
  yeah , i just wanted to play all of the music !, 
  you need to play a round of metro , ru team wins 80 % + of the time, 
  it took me months , timing it is very hard, 
  thanks :d, 
  the ru team wins 80 % + of the time on operation metro . 
  thanks to all who helped this get to the front page of reddit !, 
  this is crazy , i saw this 6 months ago !, 
  its ok , i have over 1000 suav kills on metro , no mastery dog tag though : /, 
  i have over 1000 suav kills on metro , no mastery dog tag though : /, 
  my video is from a few months ago , the nerf was the consistency of the suav , 90 % of the time it will explode after hitting one player . 
  and if it hits someone , 50 % chance of killing them . 
  i did this heaps of times , i only need to get lucky once !, 
  do that with the f35 , it looks hilarious !, 
  tactical laser sight, 
  no problem :d, 
  nailed it . 
  that is dice logic . 
  why is your sensitivity so high for a controller ?
