  have you not seen the ghosting effect ? 
  when you die in a vehicle or on a turret you can still shoot and aim for a few seconds after death . 
  i am playing the game . 
  i am having fun and that is what i paid $ 100nzd for . 
  so do n't tell me how to play . 
  i 'll play in the way which i enjoy most . 
  there were like 16 people in the server . 
  there was nobody to shoot at anyway . 
  welcome to dlc maps on ps4 . 
  do n't forget its a sniper fest . 
  and there are heaps of people teamkilling you for revenge after they ran in front of your suppressing fire . 
  i ca n't be certain , but i detonate an ied on the crane which manages to shoot out the pilot of the jet , leaving the jet unscathed , then the empty enemy jet rams my jet , destroying it and i get killed in action by the shrapnel of my own jet . 
  yeah , actually , having mentioned that there could have been a player on the plane which i killed , i am unsure as to exactly what happened . 
  watch youtube videos !, 
  i 'd have said that `` girazzers '' would be best , but that 's just me . 
  and thank you for posting what we were all thinking . 
   give the assault class a launcher that fires a smoke grenade, 
  ah , interesting concept . 
  call of battlefield : black lockers 3 ? 
  dice should simply promote official dice servers . 
  like on ps4 a much larger portion of servers are dice servers than on pc . 
  10/10 for maturity there , man . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm glad i did n't have to type this myself . 
  me too , tried 5 different microphones all of which worked on my pc through teamspeak . 
  look here :, 
  those spokes wont hold him up for long ... 
  the fields in the above picture are actually infinite . 
  they just regenerate infinitely . 
  not as bad as it sounds . 
  up to 45fps in the middle of nowhere , never below 15fps in electro , cherno etc. 
  solid 30fps elsewhere at 900p with everything on low and shadows/clouds off . 
  can play for 3 hours before the battery goes . 
  i actually really like it since i use it for video editing a lot too . 
  possibly , i saw it on dayztv, 
  farm storage sheds , if you look through the doors , you can see some hay inside . 
  you need a knife or any sharp object to cut the clothing with . 
  drag the blade over the clothing to cut it into rags . 
  could you do me a favour ? 
  use that rope to tie up a hacker and humiliate him . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  watched the first one , so far they 're good !, 
  just watched that now !, 
  really entertaining . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  do you have a link to it ? 
  is it specifically battlefield ? 
  i 'm neutral on that since i like my vtol . 
  i 'd love to see that too , the problem is that the would be 26 + maps would be mostly the same unless they add it as a dlc . 
  in fairness , that was a youtube link . 
  reddit in general dislikes youtube submissions unless it is/r/videos . 
  not saying that some really good tow gifs do n't get downvoted . 
  i just do n't think that dice/ea would allow such little variation , it does n't make for good advertising . 
  was it westie ? 
  i seem to remember a few straw polls from him ? 
  i 'm also thinking it might be matimio , not sure though . 
  google wo n't fix it , here 's why : by putting large youtubers at the top , they get more subs . 
  youtube would rather give someone large ( and so will almost certainly keep on making videos ) all the views and subs because then they will watch most new videos that person makes . 
  whereas if they give it to a small channel , the small channel could stop making videos next week whereas large youtubers rarely stop . 
  source : avid youtube user and creator , i love youtube , but it is broken . 
  because the search term `` battlefield 4 multiplayer gameplay '' fits the genre and tags of onecheesymofo ( raw unedited gameplay ) better than levelcap 's edited infantry gameplay which is his best killstreaks with a post commentary which does not fit the search term `` battlefield 4 multiplayer gameplay '' as well . 
  i think so too , i just prefer cold war * slightly * because it 's just an interesting time period and there could be less lock-ons . 
  but i would be just as happy if it was modern . 
  generally , a cold war game would either be covert ops , or more likely , alternate history . 
  set in a world where a war broke out between the east and the west . 
  it would be alternate history . 
  where a war between the us and russia did break out in the time period between 1950-1990 . 
  by edited , i mean it is n't a whole game , it is just killstreak after killstreak . 
  entertaining , exciting , but only factually accurate when you read the disclaimer that says that not all of the mentioned things will be in 0.60 . 
  what do you mean ? 
  they changed gun sounds in 0.58 / 59 . 
  yep , you did !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i can imagine a vietnam dlc , but not a whole vietnam game since 26 + maps all in that genre , it would be hard for dice to make each map unique . 
  i do n't even have adblocker on , nor have i ever used or installed it in my life and they wo n't let me view the link . 
  good job , forbes , but that 's a big fail on your part . 
  yes . 
  on the bottom left , you should see a ramp shaped thing . 
  what you do is you put a 1.7 metre high object ( practically a player/zombie ) between the lines until it fits perfectly between the lines , above there should be a corresponding number , this is roughly how many hundred metres away the target is . 
  here is a great guide : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcxcuphmfv0&amp;nohtml5=false, 
  the video is out of date , so where he says at the start `` it is not to scale '' no longer applies , you can now use in no matter what your fov is . 
  thank you . 
  i was very surprised when i got this . 
  i never planned to do this , i just saw the snipers on the tower and figured i may as well take a shot while i waited for an enemy jet or heli to spawn . 
  somehow i got ** very lucky ** and got it first shot . 
  [ good ` ol z11w ] ( http://gfycat.com/repentantinsecurejaeger ), 
  somewhat , yes . 
  but i was not planning to rendesnipe campers , my plans for that game in order of priority were :, 
  take out the attack heli ( two really good pilots were on ), 
  snipe someone out of a jet and get back in mine ( rendesnipe on a jet ), 
  a shame it is made of glass :(, 
  i can tell it is an old clip !, 
  you ca n't shoot the sraw out of a heli anymore , the sraw is n't that guidable anymore , and you one shot killed the heli from what was most likely full health , ca n't do that either anymore . 
  nice shot though !, 
  at that moment in time , yes . 
  but the chinese team had it about 5 minutes before . 
  so hence i moved on to other things to do since no enemy air vehicles were up , meaning that my 2 main goals for that match were n't an option at that moment in time . 
  also , there were not ground vehicles to shoot at which were n't under the dish of between the buildings at e. 
  edit : having reviewed the video , a transport heli was leaving the spawn , i did n't notice that since it had just spawned . 
  thanks !,
