  i 'm not going to be on tonight but i will be on tomorrow . 
  if you 're in a party chat select join session , that 's the only method which works every time for me . 
  the tow launcher is quite good when you get used to it . 
  i 'm unaware of such a site , but ... 
  ( total xp - xp required to get to 140 from 0 ) \u00f7 amount of xp between 139 and 140 + 140 + what you would be . 
  ( that calculation assumes that any higher levels would be the same size as the one between 139 and 140 , which they probably would n't be . ), 
  thanks !, 
  i created that account ( a-deflbrillator ) specifically for revives and defib kills . 
  it 's quite fun actually and you can easily get top of the scoreboard . 
  yeah , i only noticed that when i watched it back . 
  i was too busy looking beneath me for the right spot to drop down . 
  rip blueberry ; _ ; 7, 
  it stayed on the jet for about a minute , even while i was dogfighting until it fell off when i went upside down . 
  that sounds like the z-11w too . 
  i had two friends in the server , oddly , one could see it and the other one could n't . 
  the one who could see it could still see it when i was hundreds of metres away . 
  i have both but i prefer console because the players are dumber and more oblivious . 
  i like stomping on the noobs , sorry :p, 
  i feel exactly the same way . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  ps4 feels better due to the lack of people bullet dodging and the general lower skill of players . 
  plus , chilling on a couch playing on a 50 inch screen will always be better sitting at a desk . 
  at first , i could n't stand it but the ui is quite good actually , it just needs time . 
  i tested it when it was in the alpha phase and it is already * much * better . 
  give it a few months and it will be smooth . 
  haha nice ... maybe [ next time ... ] ( https://gfycat.com/easygoinginferiorarcticduck ), 
  [ so keep trying ! ], 
  ( https://gfycat.com/belovedmealyamericantoad ), 
  yeah , but you 're disadvantaged using a controller : / it 's not worth it imo . 
  haha , nice !, 
  could i get a link ? 
  i just started defibbing on a second account ( appropriately named `` a-deflbrillator ) and got my first decent streak yesterday which i posted and you probably saw . 
  well , what i meant is that the skill ceiling is higher and i would never reach the top tier of pc level skill using a controller . 
  i know what you mean though , at first it 's hard and it feels weird but it gets much better quite fast . 
  also , what do you play most out of the two ? 
  lmao , i actually like a low fov as infantry , but high fov is great in 3rd person vehicles . 
  i will have done it over 100 . 
  i 'd estimate 150 . 
  i got 9 hitmarkers and 2 assist counts as kills + an explosive destroyed and a vehicle hit 9 in the week which i was attempting it . 
  i use my minimap and turn my head a lot . 
  it works fine and i prefer it . 
  can confirm . 
  that is why . 
  generally you do n't see it much outside of silk road though ( that 's why i do n't play much silk road ) . 
  the only thing you may see is someone launching an eod bot across the map in order to activate the mcom before the enemies even reach it . 
  yeah , but i 'm not a competitive player so pushing myself against other good players is not for me either : /, 
  i already made a post about that . 
  that really pissed me off . 
  but that aside i like it . 
  sadly , i think that like prison island it would rarely be used . 
  it 's sad really because it is a great idea . 
  let 's see which of those server little to no purpose ... 
  kamensk : literally 2 barracks and it is so out of the way that it is not worth the trip . 
  prison island : spawns so little loot that nobody visits it as it would require server hopping multiple times most of the time to get a working gun or any reasonable gear which is worth the swim . 
  tisy : so out of the way that in its incomplete state it is not worth the run . 
  pavlovo military base : similar to prison island , it spawns such a small amount of loot that it is hardly worth the visit . 
  it 's location is probably the main reason that people go there . 
  now , with that out of the way let 's look at my original post ... 
   i realise that there may not be another one for the chernarus + map , i 'm just wondering what you guys think is a place devoid of high grade loot or a place which would benefit getting more players . 
  i am asking about an area of the map which is underutilised . 
  one might say something in the empty area ne of old fields or maybe add more to kamensk . 
  i do n't see why you have to get so salty over something clearly labelled as a theoretical question . 
  i have never seen someone get so salty about such a passive post . 
  lmao . 
  the closest thing which has happened to that was when [ rendebowed my friend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shhcclkbkac ) and when some people i killed with the suav on locker sent me [ their perspectives ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=escsbcm0400 ), 
  should we call it north west airfield ? 
  thanks !, 
  haha , really ? 
  i 've watched his videos heaps but i never checked out his stream until last night . 
  i feel like pc has a wider range of skill . 
  pc has the worst of the worst and the best of the best . 
  although , on the whole i think that on average ps4 players are slightly worse for whatever reason . 
  i like these ideas and this detailed response is what i was looking for !, 
  thanks for sharing your thoughts !, 
  how the hell did they manage to draw it like that ? 
  there is n't even one shape i recognise . 
  i will be playing lots of bf1 , however , i get the feeling that i will be coming back to bf4 a few months after release due to a lack of content : /, 
  youtube is not time efficient for making money . 
  ebay is a good idea though , if you have enough knowledge you can find certain things which are mis-labeled so people do n't realise their true value . 
  source : youtuber, 
  running from place to place . 
  so many times people just stare and wonder why i am running as if it is n't normal to run to where you need to be . 
  i have a busy life , walking is too slow for me . 
  it 's frictionless guy !, 
  stunts in bf1 are ** way ** more limited than previous battlefields . 
  `` rendezooks '' , `` rendeknifes '' , `` rodeozooks '' and tank/jeep launches are examples of battlefield stunts which are n't possible in bf1 . 
  in return we can now wing walk . 
  that 's a huge downgrade in my books and i can see myself running out of stunts to do in bf1 before the end of the dlc cycle compared to bf4 where i still have more things i want to pull off nearly 3 years after release . 
  actually it is . 
  `` rendezooks '' , `` rendeknifes '' , `` rodeozooks '' and tank/jeep launches are examples of battlefield stunts which are n't possible in bf1 . 
  in return we can now wing walk . 
  that 's a huge downgrade in my books and i can see myself running out of stunts to do in bf1 before the end of the dlc cycle compared to bf4 where i still have more things i want to pull off nearly 3 years after release . 
  i do n't see what 's so funny about any of this . 
  can someone please explain ? 
  80 % of statistics are made up on the spot . 
  as op of the previous all-time top r/battlefield _ 4 post this is one of the few posts which totally deserves the top spot !, 
  it 's honestly the best bf4 gif i 've seen . 
  not as bad as the sandstorm in my opinion . 
  thanks as well !, 
  yeah , that stuff i posted does n't feel like a year ago ... time flies : /,
