  can you even aim at someone further than 50m away ??!, 
  little bird is small , making it fly through buildings better , it is a smaller target for rpgs , it takes harder hits and less impact damage . 
  the z11w also has a higher tail which tents to hit the roof of doorways when flying through the zavod 311 buildings mobility hitting you . 
  little bird is way better . 
  i saw a singular zombie in novo last week ... yes it was 0.58, 
  lol , wtf, 
  ewww , that fov :p, 
  try to ptfo , your whole team will thank you . 
  lol, 
  yeah , most of the time i do , but other times im in a rush and panicing, 
  thats back from the days when the sraw was useful . 
  rip ; _ ; 7, 
  that pilot sucks , he cant even rendezook !, 
  that is correct . 
  why did you blow it up ?!, 
  if you take it the enemies no longerr have a heli !, 
  probably a bug , but i hope its an easter egg . 
  not me, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  a reason why you downvoted would be helpful . 
  metro , just use the suav for a change, 
  in fairness , you look at the percentage of times that the ru team wins a match of operation metro , it will be in excess of 75 % of the time , so i only need to play 20 % of my bf4 games suaving on metro to get a low win/loss ratio of 0.45 . 
  since suaving is only effective from the us team ( it is almost impossible to turn around at objective c which you have to do from the ru side ) so i switch to the us team on metro almost every time as that is the only way i enjoy it . 
  metro is an unfair map for win/loss ratio . 
  so much better !, 
  yeah , i do keep the skies clear of enemy air vehicles as i am waiting for a target to kill , so it not as if i 'm not ptfoing . 
  about 8th attempt , first attempt on that particular player , the hard part is actually finding a player in a position that you can roadkill him without crashing your jet . 
  the point is that the maa is overpowered and when dice finds an overpowered feature in the game they nerf everything except for that overpowered feature . 
  c4 and mines do n't work . 
  i do n't even understand why ark is so popular !!!, 
  it is super useful for `` do i trust this pilot or grab another vehicle '' sort of moments . 
  he simply gets 48 hits per shot :3, 
  rendezooks , rendesnipes , rendeshotguns :3, 
  yes . 
  the days of having fun ptfoing are limited when new maps grind to a halt . 
  i enjoy it and the likes etc on youtube are definitely worth it . 
  also i keep enemy air vehicles out of the sky when im in the jet . 
  also , i can get back into the jet 90 % of the time i eject so i do n't waste many vehicles . 
  and he would have roadkilled me d : but its ok , snipers are too dumb to do that . 
  his friend put c4 on the camper and flares to mark his position , since he was using explosive arrows he only had to set off the explosives , making it about 50x easier than it otherwise would be . 
  the maa drastically need a nerf.it is the best anti-infantry vehicle , the best anti-air vehicle and with zunis it can easily destroy enemy armour at the hands of a good driver . 
  one single vehicle should not be able to be so good at so many things . 
  and the range of effectiveness needs to nerfed to stop 95 % of players from camping in their base with it and getting on 20 + killstreaks . 
  they also appear on the walls . 
  yep :d, 
  edited version : https://youtu.be/spk5jq-avqc, 
  thanks , i assume you 're on pc , i have the same problem with pc only games like dayz when i 'm not on my ps4 : /, 
  killing infantry with at weaponry is against the geneva convention !, 
  that 's the arrow , for some reason dice gave the arrow a huge trail . 
  edited video : https://youtu.be/spk5jq-avqc, 
  thanks , i just posted it , 
  haha , this is my video and i just posted a gif of this in this subreddit . 
  it 's a lot of fun , there are even newbie servers for players under rank 10 . 
  i would definitely recommend it . 
  knowledge of vehicles and loadouts etc will help you a lot . 
  agreed , but it is supposed to be a challenge , give player something to work for . 
  someone from the bf4 subreddit told me to put it up on here , so i did , 
  i kept on flying over and looking at the map for players on a rooftop . 
  i increased the exposure a bit and brightened the colours , that map is a tad dark imo . 
  i think the exposure made it look slightly blurry , i may have gone a little overboard with it xd, 
  i have about 490 or something , i want to get the mastery ... but i dont like the bow ... : /, 
  thanks , 
  4 , no jets or bow in hardline . 
  great idea , it 's taking off on / gaming !, 
  conquest is life !, 
  actually you do have to be near the cockpit and facing it to get back in . 
  landing on the wings will result in you falling off the back of the jet . 
  haha , i might try it xd, 
  once you have mastered getting back in the jet it is just a matter of time of hitting someone with an arrow to the upper chest of head ( which took ages ), 
  lots , i can get back in the jet 90 % of the time , but killing the enemy with the bow is the hard part , 50 % of players run the defensive upgrade meaning that the bow has to headshot to one shot kill them . 
  i got lucky and this guy did n't have the def upgrade so i could one shot him to the chest . 
  think about the times i saw blood splatter but i got no hitmarker , it works both ways . 
  it is n't generous . 
  you get as many unregistered hits as you do hits which actually missed . 
  it 's actually about 13 hours of persistence over 2-3 days . 
  on what platform ? 
  did you record it ? 
  because there is only one other recorded event of this happening and it was my friend on a hardcore server . 
  many times . 
  getting back in the jet is n't hard , but if there are connection issues you just die everytime you try to get back in :(, 
  getting back in the jet is months of practice , the bow hitting the player ... that is a lot of luck and persistence . 
  it 's a regular composite bow , and takes a long time to unlock . 
  just message me and send me a request , you saw my gamertag , so message me . 
  he must have been so puzzled !, 
  it took me hours of practice and persistence of the same thing over , and over , besides , choreographing this would not be easy . 
  it 's like `` gurls , pls stahp '' :3, 
  battlefield 4, 
  nah , i had laser guided missiles on my jet which has a camera on the bottom which i use to locate the enemies , then i watch the minimap to see if they move  even if it was staged it would still be hard to do !, 
  thanks :d, 
  in fairness it does , dice ( the developers ) like to add thing like this and also easter eggs to keep the community active years after release . 
  `` now jimmy , you said you 're having nightmares about jets killing you with bows and arrows ? '', 
  thanks :d, 
  thanks , 
  same here , 
  i spent days working on this . 
  you can look at my battlelog stats and game history , you will see a sudden drop in k/d as of about a few days ago since i started attempting this !, 
  it is one of the worst due to the time taken to pull the bow back meaning that you ca n't kill very quickly even if you hit the shot . 
  it 's what keeps me playing , playing the objective gets boring , stunts , not so fast . 
  actually , i learned this trick in area 51 :3, 
  they added it intentionally to keep more players playing years after the game 's release - it worked for me !,
