  hmm , on pc eh ? 
  dunno how that works , i assume it is the same as what happens on ps4 where if you spawn immediately after joining , sometimes your gun , enemies and other items dont load for about 30 seconds . 
  aim assist never helped me , my k/d kept on going up when i turned it off . 
  no longer do i get killed by a spawn beacon where aim assist decides that i want to shoot the spawn beacon instead of the player in front of me who is shooting me . 
  ok , that 's odd . 
  yeah , i did n't do it into the spawn , but i would cap flags b and d so that i could shoot up at the heli . 
  bail out when someone c4s you dealing 80 damage . 
  otherwise you 're fucked with the mobility hit . 
  so get out , shoot him in the face , repair if it is safe , drive away if not . 
  it gave out morse code . 
  that happened to me , :( i lost an m4 , too . 
  sign me up , just as long as smaller game modes still have populated servers . 
  nah , some rank 15 would be flying and crash it right away . 
  i do n't believe it will be . 
  for one , ea wo n't make another futuristic/sci-fi fps to compete with battlefront just a year later . 
  yeah , pls no 128 man rush , oh god , i 'm getting shell shock just thinking about that mortar spam . 
  what are you talking about , an american might want to call himself `` haruto1119 '' that does n't sound remotely japanese . 
  it is not 2143 next . 
  100 percent of my sarcasm was detected . 
  but seriously , if anyone thought that i was being serious kys . 
  maybe that 's why there is no chat on console , to many shit players would get butthurt . 
  i have found that they fall to normal primary weapon servers one game after an admin leaves . 
  me too : /, 
  i have never reset my stats . 
  after all , the only stat i am bothered about is k/d and that 's easy to keep above 2 when you can fly a stealth jet well . 
  lol , anyway thanks for the complement !, 
  ea would n't allow a sci-fi shooter to be released just a year after swbf 3 which is also a sci-fi shooter . 
  it would be an awful business decision . 
  oh , to prove that i have n't reset my stats divide my kills by my playtime . 
  there you have my kills per minute , should be the same as the stat provided on my account . 
  wo n't work with score per minute due to xp boosts . 
  i 'm sorry , but i have never reset my stats . 
  to prove you wrong , i will calculate my shown ( resettable ) kpm by my kpm calculated by my non-resettable stats . 
  if they are different then this will indicate that i have reset my stats . 
  if they are the same then it is very strong evidence that i have n't reset my stats . 
  my kpm according to the resettable stats : 0.49 . 
  my total kills ( non-resettable ) : 30277 . 
  my total time played ( non-resettable ) : 1038h and 1min so 1038x60 = 62280 + 1min = 62281 minutes played . 
  so 30277/62281 = 0.48614 with conventional rounding to 2 decimal points i have a 0.49 kpm . 
  ( as displayed ), 
  so the stats which do not get reset give me the same kpm as the stats which are resettable . 
  the chances of this being a coincidence are very small . 
  now , if you are going to continue trying to say that i have reset my stats then give me some solid evidence . 
  i gave solid evidence that i have not reset my stats , so please prove me wrong . 
  edit : the first sentence did n't make sense and paragraphs . 
  i know it was n't intended as a compliment , however the fact that you think i reset my stats to make them better when i have never done so means that you did n't think that my stats were/could be so good for someone who does what i do . 
  ea is a business , they are in it for money , they would get larger profits by refreshing their aaa fps genre each year . 
  i am rank 2 ? 
  that is an account i played on for 3 matches with a friend on ps3 . 
  so why you would judge me based on a few matches ( small sample size ) for fun which i played a few months ago , i do n't know . 
  it wo n't be 2143 . 
  you 're welcome to mark what i am saying right now and prove me wrong in x months time . 
  i am confident . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  lol . 
  i guess that means you have read my proof and realised you are wrong . 
  just admit it . 
  you were wrong . 
  nailed it . 
  so you want me to do a rendetow ? 
  haha , yeah right ... * does some calculations * actually , be right back ... 
  lol , jk , that is possible though if i eject out of my jet , get in my friends attack heli , he switches to gunner before i get in , tow someone , get back in my jet , just how to keep the jet in the air for so long i would have to test a bit . 
  i ca n't play until feb , but i have some plans for then . 
  nice , was it pre damage nerf of post damage nerf ? 
  i am actually excited to test this now , thanks for the inspiration , haha . 
  thanks , haha, 
  wow , very impressive then . 
  that was n't battlefield you destroyed at the end , was it ? 
  and if you do , link please . 
  thanks for the mention !, 
  i also have some more stuff planned for next week which will be kinda different to what i did before . 
  this one was actually my friend who i play with heaps `` russiansock '' , i 've been on holiday for the last 3 weeks but i have some stunts planned for when i get back . 
  this one was actually my friend who i play with heaps `` russiansock '' , i 've been on holiday for the last 3 weeks but i have some stunts planned for when i get back . 
  lol , there is no evidence there that you were hacking , probably a case of a madcozbad admin . 
  yep , i had [ this ] ( http://gfycat.com/repentantinsecurejaeger ), 
  yep , i have hit these too :(, 
  i have only known `` smurfs '' as closet colonels ( thanks bffs ), 
  if you 're scared of sharks , you 're an idiot . 
  why ? 
  because only 8 people died to sharks in 2015 . 
  that means you 're more likely to die choking while eating a shark for dinner . 
  you 're a 30 year old teacher ... and your reddit account is called `` iplowedyourmom '' i thought names like that were reserved for young teenagers ... 
  the z11 would crash since it has a high tail . 
  that was good , but i prefer therussianbadger 's one about the first hardline patch . 
  `` the community is telling us : `` too many overpowered weapons , nerf the m416 , the m16a3 , the k10 '' ... you know what we did ? ... 
  we nerfed the couch '' * cracks up laughing *, 
  i think that a lot of that might be just bad luck , but honestly , if you 're playing conquest the best class you can be is engineer with a rocket launcher and a carbine . 
  same issue with ps4 :( worked back before xmas though . 
  no youtube ads , no money for the creators , little incentive to upload videos . 
  youtube adblock is a bad thing . 
  besides , youtube/google are going to prevent adblock from working on youtube . 
  me too , haha, 
  shipwrecked, 
  i was stuck between the two ... 
  i would guild you if i could : /, 
  so your name is misleading ? 
  i get this too , have to restart origin : /, 
  agreed , suav is ok though . 
  flares are best in servers/maps where aa mines and active radar missiles will be coming at you frequently since flare break the lock on the quickest . 
  ecms however , are better on maps where lock-ons like stingers and heatseekers will be coming at you since you get a warning and the ecms will prevent them from re-locking for longer .
