  this is going to be implemented in the beta patch which is the next patch ( 0.63 ) . 
  ** dayz has as much optimisation still to come as pubg ** has because it is about to be moved over to a completely new engine which has been designed specifically to handle the game . 
  if the date of dayz 's release was relevant , then pubg would look better than dayz , would n't it ? 
  well , that 's where dayz 's partially implemented and soon to be fully implemented new tech comes in . 
  most of the work done by bi on dayz has n't been seen yet . 
  the word you meant to use for me was informed , not ignorant . 
  it was perfectly smooth when i was driving my offroader in exp . 
  full server , too . 
  most of the development the have done since release has n't been revealed yet . 
  most of the development time has been spent making the new engine for 0.63 . 
  besides , what the fuck are you doing if you hate the game so much ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  why would you surround yourself in something you hate ? 
  it just seems like retarded thing to do . 
  i used to play on a 2014 13inch with i7 , intel iris 5100 integrated graphics , 8gb of ram and an ssd ( but i had the game installed on an external hard drive instead ) . 
  i got 15-40 fps at 900p back in 0.55-0 .59 but in 0.60 and 0.61 i got 25-55fps at low settings and 900p . 
  it is more than playable , even since i got a gaming pc i do play on it every now and then on no kos servers or if i need to run across the map to meet someone in an empty server because i can relax on a couch as i run . 
  it 's more than playable . 
  important to note that your fps will drop by about 10-20 % if you run windows 7 on bootcamp rather than windows 8 or 10 . 
  edit : i played 900 hours on my macbook pro . 
  also , it will run at a much better frame rate if you have a 15 inch model because they have a dedicated graphics card whereas the 13inch and air series uses integrated graphics . 
  if you have any other questions about it , just ask me . 
  your username is swol-e-me-dic ... from the sounds of it you should get the one getting sucked . 
  username checks out . 
  for anyone wondering , i hip-fired the shot because even if you aim down sights as you 're wing walking your own plane , the bullet spread is equal to the hip-fire spread . 
  [ fail.gif -- unlucky hip-fire edition ] ( https://gfycat.com/odddismalbobcat ), 
  for anyone wondering , i hip-fired the shot because even if you aim down sights as you 're wing walking your own plane , the bullet spread is equal to the hip-fire spread . 
  [ fail.gif -- unlucky hip-fire edition ] ( https://gfycat.com/odddismalbobcat ), 
  it 's kind of hard to see , but the grenade hit the plane , doing 80 damage . 
  i finished him off with a second sniper shot . 
  for anyone wondering , i hip-fired the shot because even if you aim down sights as you 're wing walking your own plane , the bullet spread is equal to the hip-fire spread . 
  [ fail gif -- unlucky hip-fire edition ] ( https://gfycat.com/odddismalbobcat ), 
  thanks !, 
  well , since i can only hip-fire the sniper , a lot of luck is involved and there were [ times where my aim was fine but got unlucky . ], 
  ( https://gfycat.com/odddismalbobcat ) so it 's mostly luck in this one . 
  but as for other [ similar stunts ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/tricky_troll/?sort=top ) i have done in bf4 and bf1 it 's more about practice and just trying it over and over until i get it . 
  some of my stunts have literally taken months of attempting . 
  there 's even [ one in bf4 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ibtyxem3y&amp;t=0m44s ) which i 've probably spent 100 hours doing but i 've gotten nothing more than hit markers ( i used to have way too much time on my hands ) . 
  a lot of it for this stunt was learning the trajectory of the grenade . 
  you have to aim down quite a lot since it tends to throw the grenade quite high relative to where you 're aiming . 
  ** tl ; dr : lots of practice , lots of attempts . 
  not quite . 
  i was the guy who [ jumped out of planes and killed people with bows and arrows . 
  ] ( http://gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose ) , 
  as for wing walking in bf1 , there are a few things which stop the average player from doing it unintentionally . 
  the main one being that like in bf4 , to activate the mechanic which makes these stunts possible ( in bf4 it was the super eject ) . 
  you had to get out of the plane and back in to activate it . 
  in bf1 this allows you to inherit the velocity of your plane when you bail out , by default you just fall straight to the ground , but with inherited velocity activated , you are going at the same speed as the plane when you bail out . 
  there are a few other things which if anyone is interested , i made a [ tutorial ] ( https://youtu.be/ozvop7vdao8 ) on how to do it . 
  the video is n't very good , but it tells you everything you need to know . 
  there are some things which i need to update to the video as well which i ca n't ever since youtube discontinued annotations . 
  :( so if there any questions about it , ask away . 
  he was basically my inspiration for doing stunts . 
  about 2 years ago ( 1.5 years after bf4 's launch ) i did my first stunt , the whiplash ( the giant cable taking out a jet ) basically because his channel was what i wanted mine to be . 
  then it took me 3 weeks to do my first rendezook . 
  2 years and 2500 hours worth of stunts later ( i know , i have too much free time ) i 'm one of only a handful of people i know of doing wing walking stunts in bf1 , mainly because bf1 has n't been as well accepted by the veteran battlefield player base . 
  it 's a shame because i always loved seeing what people like ponylion were going to do next . 
  thanks !, 
  but i must add , as someone who is still relatively new to pc , i frequently press the wrong buttons like you mentioned about the gas mask !, 
  all the time i 'll be flying along and i will accidentally press f instead of d and i bail out of the plane accidentally ... 
  you bet . 
  i could probably even do it on a rainy day in stoke . 
  why ? 
  i have never seen anyone else attempt this in game . 
  ever . 
  there are only a handful of people who have done this stuff and i do n't even think there is anyone else who does it frequently other than myself . 
  so you 're never going to see someone in game do it . 
  no doubt there is a lot of luck involved , but i 've done plenty of similar stunts and had many fails where i disabled the plane or nearly pulled the stunt off . 
  yep . 
  and i realised right after i posted it . 
  thank you , koda_20 . 
  thanks !, 
  i was attempting this for about a couple of weeks . 
  i 'd say i tried it for 10 sessions of 2-4 hours . 
  but ever since map vote was implemented i can no longer join a game of sinai and then play st qs scar and then giants shadow ( the 3 easiest maps for these stunts ) . 
  so i can only attempt the stunts about half of the time that i 'm playing now . 
  if i fall off , i 'd usually just ptfo until i die since i have to land the plane in my base , redeploy and run back to my plane to set the stunt up . 
  even worse is that to do the manual repair , you actually have to have the repair tool gadget equipped , so i can only fly around for about 5 minutes before all the damage i have taken adds up . 
  omg i totally forgot about that !, 
  lmao . 
  i was an enthusiastic kind of frustrated because that was the first time i got so close !, 
  so that was the first word which came to mind ... 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but the fact that to do it you have to land the plane in your base , redeploy and then get back to the plane is why nobody other than myself and a handful of people i know do it . 
  i have never seen anybody else attempt this in game . 
  i battlefield 4 i 'd see someone try to rendezook every few weeks of paying . 
  that 's because in bf4 it is easy to set up . 
  you do n't need to land the plane and you do n't have to redeploy . 
  so dice have made it so that while it is possible , it 's not something which many people do . 
  that way , they get the free advertising of clips like this getting spread all over social media without people who hate these stunts leaving the game because they are sick of people trying it on them . 
  thanks !, 
  do you mind if i ask which stunt it was ? 
  this is n't broken . 
  trust me , dice added this intentionally for people like me to make clips from the game which have the potential to go viral on social media . 
  it 's just free advertising for them . 
  i am certain that dice intentionally added this as a feature because there is a special mechanic which has to be activated to be able to do this stunt and you activate it by doing the exact same thing as what you had to do in bf4 . 
  that is to get out of the plane and get back in via landing or some other method . 
  this way players do n't accidentally do it and so that the majority of the player base does n't know how to do it or that it is even possible at all . 
  not only that , but there is a special animation on the fighter plane which is activated when you wing ride your own fighter plane . 
  it appears as though you 're [ holding on to the wing ] ( https://gfycat.com/wellofffrightenedcatbird ) as you wing walk . 
  yes , yes it would .
