  pure luck . 
  but i noticed that some of them were teabagging so maybe they were trying pin the guy who killed me in the corner so he could n't move or something . 
  they were pretty dumb recons because they put c4 in their own elevator . 
  actually , public knowledge of this radio telescope came after the development of bf4 . 
  plus , the design aspects such as the 3 large concrete supports make it more like arecibo than the chinese one . 
  i get what you 're saying , but ... no skill ? 
  this ? 
  nice dude . 
  my record is 8 on metro and 6 on locker . 
  to be honest i 'm amazed that 13 is even possible !, 
  you should try to see what you can get on metro if you have n't already . 
  there 's almost always a 24/7 hardcore metro and plenty of normal core ones on ps4 . 
  great job !, 
  yeah , but about 50 % of the time you hit someone with the suav it does n't kill them . 
  huge multi-kills are sheer luck if you can fly it right . 
  over 150 actually . 
  way , way into the top 1 % based on that . 
  honestly makes me think that his ego is just an act to get elected in . 
  still , i would n't vote for him though . 
  my mass is lower than average though too !, 
  well ... in most cases you wo n't survive ... 
  i 'd rather take a bullet to the head than have an od of some drugs . 
  some of the near death stories of some drugs are scary . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mnz-oxtoc ), 
  i think they get a thrill out of it . 
  if they do n't do things like this then they find life boring . 
  they do it to feel alive since everyday life is too boring for them . 
  scroll up and down . 
  i just scrolled . 
  worked fine . 
  i do n't know but i would sub to it . 
  depends where you live ... 
  i could do tha ... oh nevermind . 
  water you talking about ? 
  what did he say ? 
  yep . 
  it sounds racist but for some reason it 's just the way it is . 
  my logic is that for people with those accents , english is n't their first language so they ca n't pick up on the small giveaways in the way you 're talking so they just do n't trust people the same way as if they were talking to someone in their first language . 
  does it fix it every time ? 
  oh i hope so !, 
  same with corpses , * especially * zombies . 
  a portrait dashcam ? 
  the popularity of / r/kenm is probably why . 
  i am a little too . 
  the posts are hit and miss . 
   nwfa, 
  northwest fieldair ? 
  so what ? 
   and accidentally an en * tire * vertebra, 
  pun aside , accidentally what ? 
  ouch . 
  that sucks . 
  i had to speed this up about 3x to fit into a 15 second gif . 
  normal speed version [ here  ( https://youtu.be/fuz3vcwy6be ), 
  this took dozens of attempts , mainly because if you take any longer than a couple of seconds getting the knife kill , the jet will either hit the ground or self-destruct because it has been empty for too long . 
  ( empty vehicles slowly take damage so they will respawn ), 
  for those who do n't know the little pod i launched myself from is a `` launch pod '' from the final stand dlc in battlefield 4 . 
  final stand dlc, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ yes, 
  yes . 
  for those who do n't know , it 's a [ reference ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvu3m6ya1ji&amp;t=2m24s ) to the popular animated series on youtube battlefield friends . 
  dice ( dev team ) in response added it in the game last year for people who reach rank 100 . 
  it 's a really cool easter egg weapon . 
  thanks !, 
  it means a lot !, 
  please link the previous post this was featured in . 
  there are claymores in the game but they are n't that effective in open spaces . 
  usually snipers in spots like this use gadgets like a spawn beacon and c4 . 
  they 're much more useful . 
  i honestly searched to see if this had been posted before , before i made the gif . 
  huh , shit . 
  i never realised . 
  blame gfycat for their 15 second maximum gif length :(, 
  it 's a `` pod launcher '' on hangar 21 from the final stand dlc . 
  yeah , the 15 second gif limit with gfycats is a pain . 
  i 'd love to know of another hd gif site without such a short a time limit . 
  i know , because if i was up there any longer , then the jet would have hit the ground . 
  nah , it 's just perspective . 
  i pull my parachute and once parachuting , the jet is falling faster than me . 
  since i am looking up , there is nothing to reference my movement and the jets movement to other than each other , so it appears as though i 'm falling up towards the jet . 
  they 're lots of fun . 
  true , but my goal was to get a knife kill . 
  that was the purpose of the stunt . 
  jet  knife kill  pod launcher  jet . 
  the gun kill was just so that i did n't die while knifing . 
  try / r/battlefield _ 4, 
  i jumped out of my jet , shot a guy , knifed a guy , hopped in a `` pod launcher '' ( it launches you in a pod . 
  it 's exclusive to this futuristic themed map ) and from there i got back in my jet just before it hit the ground . 
  you 'll find that in most 64 player games of conquest , there are snipers on a ledge or a building just sitting there . 
  i 'll just fly around until someone gets up there . 
  if there is a teammate up there , i 'll switch teams . 
  if nobody is there for 10 mins then i 'll just find another game . 
  in this case , someone just flew a helicopter up there , so there was a bunch of players up there who just got there . 
  it 's just the way battlefield is . 
  there 's almost always someone camping/sniping somewhere . 
  any recommendations ? 
  lol, 
  the final stand dlc involved experimental technologies such as railguns and hover tanks , but all of these items were either battlepickups or spawned in the middle of the map so they do n't change the flow of the game at all . 
  final stand dlc . 
  jumped out of jet , shot a guy , knifed a guy , got in a pod launcher to launch me back to my jet , get in the jet and fly away .
