  i am not talking about `` netcode '' . 
  good job in assuming i 'm an idiot , well you are wrong . 
  i agree , i was really looking forward to this map , and i am actually very disappointed . 
  to those down voting just come to nz and play on an australian server and just watch the magical rubberbanding which happens seemingly 24/7 . 
  yep , there are many little things in this map which i am disappointed about , i do n't think it is ready . 
  yeah , and why do they do it ? 
  how is that remotely fun ? 
  how about adding that to console ? 
  that has been found many times over and 90 % of the community is aware , sorry :p, 
  that is what happens , but it never used to happen before the spring patch . 
  that is the animation which used to be seen when you watch a player chamber the next bullet . 
  i do n't get it on any other subreddits . 
  it would vary , but f2000 , ammo box , smaw ( the old pre spring patch sraw if i could ) would be sweet . 
  for infantry : aek , med kit and tugs/motion sensors depending on the map / objective . 
  consoles need more attention from dice . 
  he 's not your friend , guy . 
  because that 's not as cool , i do it too , its hard to explain how awesome it feels when you pull it off . 
  coming from experience , it is lag . 
  the server thinks that the jet is in front of where you see it to be , so often if you land directly on the cockpit you will not get back in . 
  also , this guy has his field of view very high , so he looks further away from the jet . 
  that is `` frictionless guy '' he has been around for a while , teabagging is one of the few ways which will sometimes fix your character . 
  and no , no news on a fix . 
  wtf ... . 
  yes , it never seemed to work every time for me , and only once with the same heli . 
  i bet some developers at dice la had a great laugh when we thought that you needed the m60 ult and extra passengers !, 
  thanks , good to know . 
  definitely westie , darthveda and battle ( non ) sense, 
  my top 3 :, 
  it has a good enough rate of fire to win almost all close range engagements . 
  it has negligible recoil and so effective at medium range . 
  also a very fast reload to top it off !, 
  and ace 21 for longer ranges , no need for any slower rate of fire weapons . 
  it is pointless compared to the sg553 which has almost the same stats except higher rate of fire and fatser reload . 
  the sg553 has almost the same stats except higher rate of fire and fatser reload . 
  why the a91 over the sg553 ? 
  the sg553 has almost the same stats except higher rate of fire and fatser reload, 
  nah , m320 dart is better , tear them all to shreds !!, 
  then wait 4 seconds for a reload :3, 
  full ptfo, 
  yeah , its so frustrating !, 
  mostly bullet proof , i think : /, 
  i was going to have a go at you for using a semi auto , but i wont because you just unlocked the 870 , meaning that the qbs was your only option . 
  thank you !, 
  yes , a while back the splash radius and infantry damage got a big buff , it now looks awesome and in return you can now only drop one at a time !, 
  only off air radar , spotting still works . 
  f2000 is a good mix between the two , it is my favourite . 
  full edited version : https://youtu.be/zf6apqvrod0, 
  learn to suav on metro and it will be your best friend . 
  learn to suav on metro and you wont hate it . 
  full edited version : https://youtu.be/zf6apqvrod0, 
  i saw that coming ... 
  you get like 30fps increase if you press alt f11 and then left click , not sure why though . 
  i love the irony in his name !, 
  it 's called a couch, 
  he needs some food , symthic cant help him on that one . 
  nobody at the developing/marketing team ever said that . 
  it 's called a toilet, 
  that is correct , it was the explosive bolt on c4 campers , but i got this last month : http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose, 
  why ? ... 
  well , last time i did it it was with the broadhead arrow . 
  and this was after the c4 nerf . 
  how would a flare help ? 
  i just have to shoot in that general area over and over again until i get lucky . 
  i can easily see the two elevators which i have to shoot between . 
  if you have ever played this map ( hainan resort ) you would know that almost every game there is a squad or even half the team in extreme cases defending the roof like it 's an objective . 
  snipers and other low ranking players like to camp the elevators with explosives for free kills . 
  they fuck about and do nothing helpful for their team , so they are the sort of players who teabag each other throwing flares and screaming into their microphones like 12 year olds . 
  there is no reason to boost it as there is almost always a squad of players on that rooftop camping the elevators with explosives , all i have to do is switch teams and start launching arrows at them . 
  so ironic !, 
  lol, 
  yeah , definitely , i got explosive destroyed points . 
  i got one with a regular arrow last month though : http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose, 
  i did , in almost every game on this map players place explosives and detonate them when people come up the elevators . 
  i have done it before without explosives ... just a regular arrow  http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose, 
  that 's new to me , too , that is awesome !, 
  pretty much . 
  there is spectator mode where someone not playing can have a freecam , but you cant replay it , its live only : /, 
  this is the first time i have posted this . 
  i do n't have to use explosive bolts , 
  this was not set up , it was just trying over and over again . 
  how would a flare help ? 
  i just have to shoot in that general area over and over again until i get lucky . 
  i can easily see the two elevators which i have to shoot between . 
  if you have ever played this map ( hainan resort ) you would know that almost every game there is a squad or even half the team in extreme cases defending the roof like it 's an objective . 
  snipers and other low ranking players like to camp the elevators with explosives for free kills . 
  they fuck about and do nothing helpful for their team , so they are the sort of players who teabag each other throwing flares and screaming into their microphones like 12 year olds . 
  there is no reason to boost it as there is almost always a squad of players on that rooftop camping the elevators with explosives , all i have to do is switch teams and start launching arrows at them . 
  still do n't believe i can pull such a stunt off unaided ? 
  haha , i just have the bullet point and poison arrow to go ... 
  i 'll see what i can do !, 
  lol , not quite , our team had the maa :p, 
  yeah !, 
  thanks !, 
  tf is all this ? 
  bf4 ... lol , i have only been gaming for a year . 
  well they asked me to drop explosive arrows down on isis , sounds a bit too extreme for me . 
  i prefer dropping arrows on 12 year old gamers . 
  it does too !, 
  you 're trolling , right ? 
  do i have to show you all my missed attempts or something ?
