  it was a moral win . 
  i feel your pain . 
  it felt like i avenged the death of everyone who has died to a noob in the base . 
  there was no chat , it 's ps4 : /, 
  for the record , i waited for the maa to respawn and i took it and got on an 18 killstreak playing the objective at alpha and bravo before the game ended . 
  it 's usually a penis . 
  this was ages ago , about a month , right after the nerf , my recent battlereports will be bad due to my obsessive addiction to rendezooking when i dont want to ptfo :p, 
  in my defence i have many stunts under my belt from rendebows to 8 kills with 1 suav on metro , i do not always ptfo as i like to perform stunts more than ptfo . 
  also , i do not camp in the maa it is way more powerful as an infantry shredder on maps like dawnbreaker . 
  also , look at my loadout , i do not , and have not used anything other than zunis on the maa since i unlocked it . 
  i do not . 
  look at both my maa loadout and my maa kpm stats , they are not the loadout and stats of an maa camper . 
  he was camping there for at least 10 minutes , and earlier , he was ramming my jet when i was taking off after i had to land it in order to do a rendezook . 
  ( you have to get out and back in the jet to land it on console . ), 
  exactly . 
  i was just defending myself because apparently half of this subreddit approves of maa camping !, 
  and nobody can see that my overall kpm and spm is due to stunts and rendezooks , not maa camping !, 
  i hope dice does something to stop people from camping in the base , practically invincible getting easy 20-0 games . 
  why ? 
  please tell me why you feel as though you have to downvote my earlier post . 
  i 'm sorry , am i supposed to go up to an maa camper who has been sitting there for half of the game , look up his battlelog , analyse his stats and then decide to flip him or not ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't see the point you are making . 
  i did it all in the name of fun and revenge on his earlier actions . 
  the worst part is that i went unconscious after i put about 20 rounds of my 25 round rak magazine into a player who did n't even bleed or respond to my shots , but since it is experimental there is no need to rant about it . 
  how the haters actually tell me why im wrong than just blindly downvoting like an asshole, 
  but my m4 and rak !, 
  there was 1 enemy and i 'm 95 % sure that we kill traded !, 
  but my m4 and rak !, 
  there was 1 enemy and i 'm 95 % sure that we kill traded !, 
  i flipped one maa who himself was being an asshole camping . 
  camping in the base where you are practically invincible should not be a thing . 
  fuck campers , he deserved to die for camping . 
  i find it hilarious how people get so pissed off by someone flipping one maa camper ... 
  i flipped one maa camper ... why are you so mad about it ?!, 
  lol besides , he was trying to make me crash my jet when i was taking off . 
  what i find funny is that you got so mad about me flipping one maa camper who is hardly helping our team that you put this whole post together !, 
  do n't you have better things to do ??!!, 
  xd lol !, 
  also `` you 're clearly a kid '' so what ? 
  is that supposed to be an insult ? 
  is there a problem with being young ? 
  god damn , all i ever hear is adults saying they wish they were young . 
  yes . 
  i 'm 17 , so what , i would n't rather be any other age . 
  lol !, 
  you do n't even know me !, 
  so that was a meaningless insult . 
  anyway , i flipped one maa , boohoo , do you know what the goal of playing battlefield is ? 
  to have fun . 
  flipping him was fun . 
  me and my friend could n't stop laughing , and , to be honest , if someone flipped my maa , i would have a laugh too . 
  it is about fun . 
  so why people get mad about us having a little bit of fun , i do n't know . 
  oh , and if he wanted to report me to psn for harassment , i could report him for him harassing me when he was trying to crash my jet when i was taking off . 
  so what i did was not an unjustified action . 
  it was in revenge . 
  games are about enjoyment . 
  i had fun doing that . 
  and to be honest , i would be surprised if the player i flipped did n't find it funny . 
  so , once again i do n't know why half of this sub-reddit took it so seriously . 
  i 'm sorry , but why are you so bothered about what one person did , once , in the name of fun which involved one played getting one more death added to his stats in a game . 
  why do you feel obligated to have a go at me for that ? 
  i do n't understand , i can only assume that you have no real life and so spend your time on the internet trying to annoy other people . 
  you could be spending your time doing much better things , but no . 
  you have to tell people that something they did in game was wrong , when frankly , i do n't give a fuck and what i did was justififed anyway . 
  also , `` i act like a toddler '' coming from the guy who does n't believe the preceding events which motivated me to flip the maa because you just deny anything i say . 
  you are just churning out insults with minimal evidence which to me seems more childish than what anybody else on this thread has said . 
  you are quite literally going `` boohoo , that guy killed his teammate in a game , i 'll show him by calling him an immature kid with practically no evidence to back up what makes him an immature kid . '', 
  yeah , what someone did in a game once is no measure of maturity . 
  you called me a `` grieving douchebag '' for getting revenge on someone who was grieving me , what a hypocrite you are . 
  aw , this is great !, 
  you still think you can make a correct judgement of someone who you do n't even know other than from what they did in a 15 second video game video and a few comments ? 
  lol !, 
  your comments are nothing more than petty insults . 
  aww , who selected no ? 
  use an rpg , be a man . 
  lol !, 
  try basing insults on something next time , then you might actually annoy people !, 
  xd your logic is hilarious . 
  it has done 90 damage for as long as i have played bf4 . 
  ( just over a year ), 
  my lost loot and weapons and the unnecessary wait to try and get them back . 
  well then , why not add a note on the screen saying , `` you will die unless help arrives '' problem solved . 
  thanks  i 'm going to keep on trying until i get back in the jet , might take a while though ... 
  sort of ... goldeneye was set off arecibo observatory which is also what the map is set off . 
  thanks a lot , 
  he will have been shot by a sniper rifle first taking him down to about 40 health . 
  he was definitely getting sniped at because when i spotted them 30 seconds earlier there were 3 of them up there . 
  still underpowered as f * ck , the only after patch balancing was they nerfed the damage drop off of all weapons using the .44 magnum rounds except the mare 's leg , the only way they could balance it is to make it a one shot headshot at ranges like 100m . 
  yeah , i post mostly stuff like this , stunts and fails . 
  thanks , although the plan was to miss the support structure and get back in my jet : / i 'm still going for the rendemare ` sleg !, 
  haha , funniest thing i 've read all day !, 
  yep , www.youtube.com/c/trickytrollgaming, 
  sometimes i do n't want to fully ptfo , so i do this , but i keep enemy jets and helis down and i have about a 90 % chance of getting back in the jet after doing it so much . 
  only on pc , on console to super eject , you have to get out and back in , either by landing the jet of by doing a rodeozook ( without the zook ), 
  why do people always say this ? 
  that is incorrect . 
  how about you play console before saying stuff like that . 
  auto aim does little to nothing , especially at range , auto aim is only noticeable at ranges less than 10 metres . 
  well , actually i do keep enemy air down , the moment i see a jet , they are my top priority , so it is n't as if i 'm not playing the objective , it 's just that every 2 minutes i do something else for 15 seconds and risk losing my jet .
