  spawn near svetlo , head west to turovo military , keep running west , if you want you can loot nearby krasnostav and krasno military base or kamensk military further nw . 
  or you can follow the main road to severograd military . 
  from here you can head to tisy military base or nwaf for pvp . 
  ** other points **, 
  there are no vehicles in the stable branch version of the game at the moment for performance reasons . 
  as you were asking about good and useless items , [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tysvtzowjpq ) is a great intro/tip video for 0.61 . 
  i hope it helps . 
  lmao , actually , we watched turovo military for 45 mins , saw nobody . 
  ran to kabanino , still saw nobody then the server kept on crashing so we went back to the base and stored our ghillies for another day . 
  dayzdb ** is not up to date . 
  i use [ izurvive ] ( https://www.izurvive.com ) myself . 
  it 's always up to date with the stable branch the day it comes out . 
  plus , it 's available on mobile as well as online . 
  the [ dayz tv ] ( http://www.dayztv.com/standalone/dayz-chernarus-plus-map/ ) map is also up to date . 
  i just prefer izurvive . 
  anything . 
  i 'm happy to play in a group of 5 + or just me and one other person . 
  i 'm just sick of lone wolfing for about 800 of my 900 hours . 
  could you possibly send me a link to your steam group ? 
  i can imagine a lot of people seeing you post this and thinking it 's dumb . 
  however , i believe contraptions similar to this will be craftable when crafting is full complete since the devs have announced that they want to add some quite complex craftables . 
  yep . 
  green spraypaint or green and black . 
  green is the best colour though . 
  i tried it but i just found it to be like steam groups . 
  it 's hard to find a squad which will play regularly . 
  i 'm on it now testing cars . 
  so much fun in the cars with their crazy physics and they 're really fast now :d, 
  yeah , i know and it sucks because i looted 30 + helis to find a mere 5 grenades to do some testing but i need some more before i do the testing . 
  so i 'll be pretty mad if i lose them . 
  on one of the rocks overlooking turovo military base . 
  yeah , it also would n't have been that exciting because any players would likely be fairly fresh . 
  it was near our base though and a reasonably high traffic area . 
  the boats near the houses on skalisty island . 
  i just sent you a request . 
  island itself . 
  yep . 
  just light a fire on the other side to dry off and warm up . 
  maaarrge !, 
  change the channel !, 
  this is true for things like concerts . 
  so many people record half of it . 
  the whole point is to lose yourself in the moment !, 
  why are you looking at a screen half the time ? 
  not to mention the poor people behind you . 
  people who hold their phones up in concerts so they can record it . 
  the whole point is to lose yourself in the moment , you 're robbing yourself of the experience just so you can rewatch it later when there will be many versions of it online . 
  if you want to relive the experience , take a quick photo , but there 's absolutely no need to record the whole thing and block the view of the people behind you . 
   i could n't loot a body of a player i killed near kamy in the treeline . 
  it ended up getting me killed because i was there too long trying to find a location to loot the body, 
  holy shit literally exactly the same thing happened except after a couple of mins i found the body but i could n't interact with the loot at all . 
  tip for zeds : the inventory is almost always at their feet . 
  then head north . 
  there 's easily enough food up north . 
  especially at the car pile ups at the west lopatino military base , grozovoy pass and kamenka military base . 
  the boats on the shore on skalisty island is the best but you can find it on any of the boats on the shore . 
  shit !, 
  i guess i need to rewatch some old episodes . 
  yep . 
  yep : /, 
  i 'm going to get downvoted and i do n't care , but i have n't dropped a weapon because i forgot to leave inventory space for it in many many months . 
  it 's really not that hard to track your inventory . 
  anyway , i think a better solution would be to add a status message saying `` i have dropped my weapon '' or the likes . 
  yes . 
  and it sucks with dayz . 
  i actually had a mosin and i pressed spacebar to raise the gun but i had died before the gun was raised . 
  i can understand that mistake . 
  i personally open up inventory and drag weapons when i 'm not in firefights , so that does n't affect me as much . 
  it does n't recognize the game . 
  every time you tab out you have to change the resolution , activate recording and then change it back again . 
  i just use obs now . 
  do you hate donald trump ? 
  then an unfiltered / r/all is the place for you !, 
  i drove a car in experimental yesterday . 
  there is no way they are ready . 
  the longer you drive , the worse the fps get . 
  after just 20 mins i was down to 8 fps from a starting 80 . 
  not to mention the stuttering which remains when you get out of the car or when they are in your vicinity . 
  honestly , i 've never seen that one before . 
  yeah , they 're not easy to find !, 
  oh man , if there is a wipe , i 'm gon na be pissed at myself for not using my ghillie suit enough !, 
  on the other hand , i 'd love to see a fix to the server crashes caused by dupers !, 
  if this were to be implemented , it would be really frustrating without some kind of notification . 
  i think a status message would need to be added such as `` an item has fallen out of my jacket . '', 
  because 9 times out of 10 you notice when something falls out of your pockets in real life . 
  [ my first thought . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r22fkojgtpm ) but really , what is that ? 
  is it a torch pointed at a green smoke grenade or something ? 
  a green chemlight ? 
  what 's this about melee ? 
  i never noticed anything wrong with it . 
  where exactly in staroye were you ? 
  what were you hiding behind ? 
  ** will you two shut up ? 
  ** people are trying to sleep !, 
  i was unaware of a pvc bow coming . 
  i was only aware of the [ long bow ] ( https://trello-attachments.s3.amazonaws.com/57449f4559c859f4dd758be6/846x1920/e14c54c6aa0755f3d7ffdb818e0e59c3/1.png ) which is also in development . 
  did n't you click the link in my comment ? 
  i have n't seen one like that . 
  i wrote the comment from memory .
