  i have been planning for months , but i started trying it 3-4 days ago . 
  yeah , i did , but it was intentional as it counters for lag . 
  the server thinks that the jet is actually a few metres ahead of where i see it to be so i have to counter for that a little bit . 
  especially as i was in a us server ( myself being in new zealand ) the jet can be quite desynchronised with my screen , 
  thanks !, 
  in fairness the developers were forced by ea to release this game by a set date which was probably about a year ahead of when it should have been released . 
  i do n't think it is on steam , i believe you have to buy it through origin . 
  i 'm not totally sure as i am on ps4 . 
  they do n't market the game on realism , but team oriented gameplay . 
  or maybe `` uh , the killcams are broken again ! '', 
  as op for this gif i say welcome to battlefield !, 
  new player ? 
  i have hundreds of hours and it took days of practice to consistently be able to get back in my jet . 
  although , yes , battlefield being battlefield noobs can get lucky and pull of incredible stuff . 
  i appreciate the work which has been put into it , if it was released in it 's current condition there is now doubt it would be rated highly . 
  i did n't waste it , i got back in !, 
  aim assist does n't apply at such long range . 
  also i did a `` hipfire '' bow shot which is quicker , but has the accuracy similar to the hipfire of a pdw . 
  battlefield 4, 
  i did , 
  they 're too mainstream , 
  that was my friend , but he was using an explosive bolt on hardcore making it easier to kill the enemy . 
  me too xd, 
  dice made getting out and back in your jet essentially just so that they could help to keep the community active years after the game 's release . 
  it worked for me xd, 
  dice the developers, 
  nah , bro , it was n't staged , look at the kill feed , the server is full , i kept on watching the rooftops for players up there , i was doing it for days before i got lucky !, 
  i rushed it , i was supposed to say `` yes . 
  i just did that ... 
  somehow . '', 
  i forgot to type it all in because i was still so stunned i got the shot , sorry . 
  call me stun_tricky , 
  ps4 , months of practicing getting out and back in the jet , days of waiting to get lucky with the bow shot !, 
  yep , rendezooks are so satisfying !, 
  ptfoing does get boring over time , also it 's not as if i 'm not helping my team , i keep enemy jets , gunships and helis out the skies and when i do n't get back in the jet i ptfo until i die and respawn in a jet . 
  it was n't , even if it was do n't you think it is hard to get anyway ? 
  it took months to beable to get back in my jet consistently and a few days to get that lucky bow shot !, 
  they were going to add in a projectile inherited velocity mechanic but the community did n't like it so they did n't add it . 
  that was actually the first attempt on that particular player but there were players in previous games trying to snipe me everytime i passed by . 
  youtube search : `` how to unlock the phantom bow '', 
  it 's an f35 so it can hover , but the developers made jets fly at low speeds so that the maps were n't too small for jets . 
  look closer , there was a guy i killed, 
  that was a regular arrow !, 
   i was using the broadhead arrow , just look at the tip of it before i shot it !, 
  i fell in front of the jet because to get back in i have to be close to , and facing the cockpit , and due to lag issues i also have to be slightly infront of the jet as the server thinks that the jet is further infront of where it appears on my screen . 
  i just saw movement so i took a shot hoping for the best and he just ran into it !, 
  that is lag . 
  i have to wait until the server tells my ps4 that i got in the jet . 
  `` what about a crossbow with explosive arrows ? '', 
  that 's right . 
  i do n't play the objective much . 
  it gets boring 2 years after the game released . 
  i prefer stunts . 
  i only play the objective when i play with my platoon . 
  battlefield 4, 
  battlefield 4, 
  i put it on bf4 then someone told me to put it on here !, 
  i do n't believe you . 
  dice finally sobered up !, 
  i have seen multiple 35-0 or more by camping . 
  i saw movement , you can also identify players by the light reflecting off their heads !, 
  this took days of practice and persistence . 
  besides , i knew someone was there because i was looking at the minimap before the gif started on the youtube video i made of this . 
  dice the developers added the eject out and back in feature as a skilled manoeuvre for people to learn to keep people interested in the game 2 years after it 's release . 
  i intentionally landed in front of the jet because you have to be near , and facing the cockpit to get back in . 
  furthermore due to lag issues the server thinks that the jet is further forwards than it appears to be on my screen so me landing infront of my jet is fully intentional . 
  and battlefield is not a military simulator . 
  yeah , this is mine , so do n't steal it !, 
  this shot did not involve auto aim . 
  auto aim does not work at that kind of range . 
  also there are two ways to fire the bow , a slow , accurate shot , or a fast hipfire style accuracy shot . 
  i chose the hipfire shot because it is quicker . 
  the hipfire shot means that there was no auto aim . 
  actually the guy who got his video on neebs 's top plays is my friend who i play with frequently , i wanted to better him !, 
  `` rendebow '' there is a more common version of this using an rpg , it is called a rendezook , the rende comes from rendezvous as you meet up with your jet later and the second part is the weapon you used . 
  hence rendebow . 
  yes . 
  i am certain that i did n't . 
  also , why can you stitch yourself up when you are healthy anyway ? 
  i was searching for an alcohol tincture , i did n't want to lose my gear . 
  also , i did press cancel current action and it did nothing . 
  well if it makes your character die for no fair reason then i would call it game breaking . 
  that is correct . 
  only ever had it after the spring patch . 
  my ping on every server is over 200 and as high as 900 , i do n't get this on other games . 
  i 'm sure , battlefield , online cod zombies and battlefront all work fine . 
  lol, 
  although overall i am impressed with how stable and playable the game is . 
  upvote for you . 
  64 man conquest it best . 
  no doubt . 
  but 64 players does n't work for other game modes unless it is carrier assault . 
  there will be enough reasons for people to use stingers in the next patch !, 
  definitely a bad idea !, 
  crashes while disabled , yes , crashes from mobility/critical hits , no fucking way . 
  ** gets killed by sqeaker in cherno with stolen m4 **, 
  i do n't understand this whole post . 
  i have a macbook pro , it never drops below 20fps except for the first 10 seconds when logging in . 
  it will consistently run at 30fps in cherno and only drop lower if literally half of players in the server are in cherno . 
  i am not joking .
