  it is a camo . 
  it is supposed to be cosmetic only . 
  very few use flir/irnv on ps4 . 
  not worth the time investment . 
  levelcap just got shat on . 
  not on the standard rotation of vanilla maps they do n't . 
  i only use zoom optics on ps4 . 
  this is because on ps4 it lowers the sensitivity , allowing you to accurately and consistently hit tanks at long range and i personally find that i can spot infantry easily enough without irnv optics so i actually find those useless except on the night map . 
  designated marksman rifle, 
  best ones are : mk11 mod 0 ( best all round ) sks ( most spammable/best for cqb ), 
  close quarter battle, 
  i have only ever been banned once in my 1000 hours on ps4 , even with all the fucking about i do . 
  it was metro 24/7 and i suaved the admin right in the face at the start of the game . 
  once i got kicked on a no m142 server on zavod and i used it as a transport and ended up getting a roadkill , admin saw and i got kicked . 
  i would play hardcore if you did n't drop every mag you reload . 
  that is just not realistic , you can empty out the extra bullets and put them in another . 
  that is the single reason why i do n't play hardcore . 
  so would `` give me some fucking ammo already , i am not fucking joking !!!! '', 
  i could put up with longer reloads for it by pressing a different button which gives you a longer reload , but no ammo is dropped . 
  yeah , but you ca n't fire the rfb very fast . 
  so that isa long range dmr . 
  flashbang !, 
   best stunt 2016 ? 
  we should set up a competition for the best stunt of 2015 or 2016 ( both ) and get viewers to vote for their favourite !, 
  also i saw that in my yt sub feed , epic as fuck , but i still do n't get where you guys got `` reverse '' rodeo from , rodeo swap makes more sense . 
  yeah , i even got a rendezook with it , haha . 
  normal speed edited version : https://youtu.be/d2pwj2yi0jo, 
  because if the plane crashed or i missed it the enemy could still get on the rooftop and i could get another jet . 
  he 's just an easter egg , there is a [ plants vs zombies ] ( http://eggabase.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/plants-vs-zombies-peashooter-battlefield-4-easter-egg.jpg ) one on dawnbreaker and a literal [ easter egg one ] ( http://eggabase.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/easter-egg-basket.jpg ) on flood zone, 
  well , it is what i did because if i destroyed it they will most likely move to another location , take a jet to get back up there , or ptfo . 
  both moving to another location or ptfoing will put them closer to the action meaning that they will be doing more to help their team than simply sitting on the tallest roof doing nothing ( which is best for my team ) . 
  you 're on the worst platform for player count , but there is still enough for games , certainly during peak hours . 
  live player counts here : http://bf4stats.com, 
  as someone who messes about too much on ps4 , on behalf of all of those who fuck about , i would like to apologise . 
  when i get on tonight , i will ptfo . 
  really ? 
  how ? 
  ah , that was the first phantom assignment code . 
  time when you need the m32 mgl . 
  because the z11w team would all burst into flames merely taking off . 
  rogue transmission 2016 confirmed !, 
  :d my fav map !, 
  wow , that 's impressive . 
  10/10 would ghost ride again . 
  wow . 
  that was ... 
  astonishing . 
  my perspective ( suav 's view ) : https://youtu.be/1vjl0hzs4r0, 
  edit : just received another perspective from the guy who just survives who looks confused at the end of the gif . 
  ( he was a friend of the guy in the gif on this post . ), 
  also , this is the gif video but with the incredible sounds of the players dying : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywbyeinddku, 
  ouch ... sorry to hear that , at least the final assignment does nothing . 
  it 's the only reason i ever play locker or metro , haha . 
  nope , at launch of the china rising dlc it killed anyone it hit , then they nerfed it so that there is about a 50 % chance of exploding on impact . 
  you can reduce these chances by hitting the enemy from behind , or hitting them in the head . 
  did neebs blow you up with c4 afterwards with one of his classic `` birthday cakes '' ? 
  it is a recon gadget , but yes , it is a pain to unlock if you hate china rising maps . 
  edit : does someone know if final stand op whiteout work ? 
  not on locker , since most players are around c or in side rooms . 
  you would get very few to no kills with only the suav . 
  it is possible on operation metro , but the 90 second respawn timer is too slow to just sit in your base . 
  yep , and i do n't understand how people can do that , the respawn timer is sooo slow , i 'd rather ptfo for a round of locker/metro while i wait for the suav to respawn . 
  pretty much , but he actually searched 6 kills suav locker on youtube a few hours later , he found my yt video and commented that he uploaded his version . 
  yep , i got lucky :d, 
  yeah ... that 's the reason ... lol, 
  i just went on air superiority and spammed heatseekers back on ps3 to get it . 
  ( i was an awful pilot back then ), 
  the record is 9 , but my record is 8 , but the odd thing is that very often i get six kills with relatively few 4 , 5 , 7 and 8 kill multikills , it really is quite odd and i do n't know why this happens since i will often fly through more than 6 . 
  i expect that the max number is unlimited , just very unlikely . 
  no specific servers , i will however try to stay on west us or aussie servers on a normal map rotation . 
  i will usually look for maps between hainan resort and paracel storm since the maps between these two are my favourites . 
  inderstandable , however multikills on maps like metro and locker take lots of practice and usually end up being just a single kill . 
  on other maps i think that the suav is a very effective anti camper weapon . 
  for example whenever i play propaganda or flood zone there is someone camping on a rooftop somewhere being very annoying , the suav is a way of killing stationary enemies making it a great camper killer , yet hitting running targets is much harder . 
  so in my eyes it is an amazing gadget for killing that asshole on the propaganda rooftops which you ca n't shoot back at . 
  if you 'd seen all of the times i have flown through 8 + players and received no points and no kills , you might disagree . 
  it 's about a 50-70 % chance from my experience . 
  the edit : lol , gg, 
  i know ... 
  i have been roadkilled by it before . 
  he will have ejected from the jet to do a rendezook and splat . 
  you fly into the bomber . 
  i do too , you either have to land the jet , get out and get back in , then take off . 
  the other method ( which i use since it is so much quicker ) is to do a `` rodeo '' where you angle the jet down at the right angle so that when you eject you land on the jet , simply turn around and face the cockpit to get back in . 
   stickied post author, 
  you 're pretty proud of that , are n't you ? 
  understandable . 
  that 's a really old clip . 
  dem hitmarkers doe . 
  they were the first hitmarkers in the game . 
  shortly after the dragons teeth dlc they updated the hitmarkers , then after final stand they changed them again , finally about a year ago , they made them fully customizable . 
  i got a rendeheli where i got in the gunner seat , got a kill and got back in my jet , but as for a rendetow i 'm not sure how possible that is based on how few air targets there are to hit in the 5-10 seconds i have . 
  anyway , along with a few other stunts , i 'm still working on it !, 
  ( i get a lot of requests ) sorry for the wait !, 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i post them all on youtube first , and often they do n't get high enough on reddit to see them , so if you have n't seen my recent videos you can find them there . 
  but i have many more things to do , so watch / r/battlefield _ 4 for more !, 
  i have seen that before , two players , one enemy , one on my team and they were both sniping on top of the paracel storm tower . 
  very interesting , just what i was looking for as an answer to the second question . 
  are there any possible ways of proving whether a theory to how rnap originally formed in the future ?
