  everyone except the rich is fucked . 
  i just realised ... 
  i think the member berries are representative of the people who influence trump and trump is their puppet . 
  ( they made their way into the oval office ) these people are old and miss the hayday of us industries ( member ? ), 
  which made them rich which simply are n't sustainable and ca n't be returned to their former glory . 
  much like things which the member berries member such as star wars , they ca n't be recreated today to their former glory . 
  ( much like us industries such as oil and coal . ), 
  they 're trying to use trump to let them milk their resources for more money by reducing restrictions placed by the epa and other administrations . 
  we did n't get to see what happens after they got in the oval office because we are yet to see in real life how this presidency will turn out . 
  does that make sense or am i just high ? 
  i think they do represent something big in a political sense . 
  this is my theory :, 
  i think the member berries are representative of the people who influence trump and trump is their puppet . 
  ( they made their way into the oval office ) these people are old and miss the hayday of us industries ( member ? ), 
  which made them rich which simply are n't sustainable and ca n't be returned to their former glory . 
  much like things which the member berries member such as star wars , they ca n't be recreated today to their former glory . 
  ( much like us industries such as oil and coal . ), 
  they 're trying to use trump to let them milk their resources for more money by reducing restrictions placed by the epa and other administrations . 
  we did n't get to see what happens after they got in the oval office because we are yet to see in real life how this presidency will turn out . 
  full of * cum * passion , * cum * mittment and * cum * radery . 
  no , you 're a towel . 
  i was expecting an excessive number of clowns to exit the car . 
  i do n't mind them with the exception of them hitting you before they even reach you . 
  if they fixed that then i think that they 're implemented perfectly . 
  i think that generally it 's about right , but military loot may be a bit too common . 
  nah , that should be rubbing out op . 
  i mean , me too thanks . 
  just because someone says the odds are stacked against event x happening and then event x happens does not mean that the odds given were incorrect . 
  edit : lmao , downvoting does n't make a fact false . 
  the bullet probably over penetrated . 
  that 's why you can shoot someone in the head and they do n't die in dayz . 
  edit : downvoting does n't make it untrue . 
  just look at wobo 's damage guide on youtube . 
  that still does n't explain why a mosin becomes worn in 5-10 shots . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong but that does n't explain his experience . 
  well , in that situation , it should n't be the whole stack which is damaged . 
  there should be an option to organise the stack to get a range of ammo qualities , allowing you to ditch the poor ammo , or simply use the better ammo first . 
  colorizebot, 
  -- e -- e -- e -- e -- e, 
  -- e -- e -- e -- e -- e, 
  -- e -- e -- e -- e -- e, 
  -- e -- e -- e -- e -- e, 
  -- e -- e -- e -- e -- e, 
  pitchforks for all !, 
  well , if you do n't like them , you 're still going to have to grab one to form a mob scary enough for me to make them longer for you . 
  / r/shittysuperpowers, 
  `` standing out here yelling ` rabble rabble rabble ' is n't going to help anything . '', 
  `` but we do n't know what else to do , mayor ! '', 
  i 'll sue you in england !, 
  i 'm not leaving the ps4 community any time soon !, 
  i find that ps4 players tend to be less situationally aware on average , so i think it is likely that some stunts will be easier on ps4 than pc . 
  also , playing pc with m + kb requires sitting at a desk . 
  i hate sitting at a desk so i think i 'll find myself playing ps4 on my couch when i do n't want to be at a desk . 
  i 'll probably be spending plenty of time on both systems . 
  oh my god ... that sounds awful !, 
  i have an ipod 2g which has had the timer going since i got it ... it refuses to boot nowadays :(, 
  edit : last time i checked it it was on 14,000 hours but that was at least a year before it stopped working . 
  i know i 'll get downvoted , but i think that that encounter was bullshit . 
  it should 've picked up that ak for you but the bullshit zombie pushing mechanic fucked you over . 
  i do n't know why they implemented this before the new player controller . 
  they push you through walls and off buildings and prevent you from picking up items . 
  i 'm not against having zombies as a more serious threat , but zombies pushing you clearly is n't the way to do it while the game mechanics are how they are now . 
  from that point onwards , the game just fucked you over . 
  i really felt for you watching this . 
  if they see some , it was egg nog . 
  yeah ... about that ... 
  that 's not going to happen until you get off his lawn !, 
  edit : i 'm an idiot ... lmao . 
  but not when you get kilograms of it !, 
  when it 's there i eat it . 
  when it 's not , i 'm too lazy to go out and get some . 
  he does n't even put up a sound argument for why it is a bad game . . 
  he complains that you ca n't strafe fast while aiming down sights and leaning to the side ... have you tried that in real life ? 
  you ca n't run and aim accurately !, 
  if he knew what he was doing , he would have :, 
  used the accuracy of the hip fire allowing him to peek around the corner faster . 
  approached the corner in a standing position and then leaned around the corner allowing him to peek fast . 
  he really should know how to play the game and use the mechanics properly and tactically before he rants about how bad the game is when the issue is that he clearly doe n't know how to use the mechanics correctly . 
  if he really wanted to complain about why the game sucks he should have complained about the lag , the desync and the trade kills . 
  you know , actualy issues with the game rather than issues which have arisen from his own incompetence . 
  all of the messages i receive on my pc come through about 24 hours late . 
  also , it will say friends are online , but when i click on send message to that friend it says they have been offline for x hours even though it literally just said they were online or in-game . 
  how can i fix this ? 
  #aaaaaaahhhh !!!!, 
  oh , i see they added santa 's reindeer as a christmas update . 
   `` i feel like having a moped '', 
   `` i feel extremely moped '', 
  lmao , wtf ?!, 
  i assume that 's the server you 're playing on . 
  try nwaf , severograd , novaya petrovka and tisy . 
  i have been seeing plenty of players there . 
  my problem with the fog is that 90 % of the time you 're shooting at red dots rather than enemies . 
  not only that but with the minimap being relatively useless compared to bf4 , you get shot in the back more than ever . 
  that animation of your screen getting larger often tripped me out , leading to my death . 
  a barrel ghille cover ... 
  and so does the usa ... except it went to the smaller group . 
  wait until you 've had dreams running in chernarus . 
  because most dogs would n't be able to survive . 
  the interspecific competition between dogs and wolves would result in competitive exclusion where the dogs die since wolves are more adapted to the top tier predator niche which domestic dogs would adapt to live off . 
  any dogs which do survive will be few and far between which scavenge for leftovers as oposed to hunting .
