  it 's a real shame that the getting in the vehicle animation did n't play , that would have made it look so much cooler !, 
  i went in an empty server later and it appears as if there is no bomber entering animation at the moment , or there is a glitch where the screen goes black instead of playing the animation . 
  [ here is a comparison between the normal animation and the bomber animation . ], 
  ( https://gfycat.com/grandiosepowerfulbrocketdeer ), 
  i had to speed the video up a little bit so the [ full video is here . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/6psuqkefuti ), 
  entering a moving plane is much harder than in bf4 . 
  if the plane is travelling too fast or you are travelling too fast when near it , [ this will happen . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/5_w9m3yyjkc ), 
  it 's a real shame that the getting in the vehicle animation did n't play , that would have made it look so much cooler !, 
  i went in an empty server later and it appears as if there is no bomber entering animation at the moment , or there is a glitch where the screen goes black instead of playing the animation . 
  [ here is a comparison between the normal animation and the bomber animation . ], 
  ( https://gfycat.com/grandiosepowerfulbrocketdeer ), 
  i had to speed the video up a little bit so the [ full video is here . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/6psuqkefuti ), 
  entering a moving plane is much harder than in bf4 . 
  if the plane is travelling too fast or you are travelling too fast when near it , [ then it will be an epic fail . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/5_w9m3yyjkc ), 
  that 's your fault for not killing them quicker . 
  it 's always been like this in battlefield , there is no way it needs hanging . 
  if it is really that much of an issue , then use the tank hunter loadout like i have where you can easily get near the top of the scoreboard . 
  i agree except for number 10 . 
  i already leave games when the sandstorm starts since you can not see anything when flying and it looks terrible . 
  it 's like dust bowl all over again . 
  it 's not a good feature . 
  because it is an enemy plane and it does n't respawn for them until i crash it . 
  how is this a reason not to buy it ? 
   does n't last long, 
  it lasts * at least * 5 minutes and once it stayed for the whole game , all 19 minutes after it started one minute in . 
   what do you expect on a desert map, 
  dust storms are in no way a common occurrence in the sinai desert . 
  haha , good to hear !, 
  plenty more coming !, 
  100 % of people who have ever died had water in their bodies . 
  thanks !, 
  [ full video including a 3rd person view of my character throwing the grenades ] ( https://youtu.be/nvwgt3-t6r0 ), 
  i understand that . 
  my stunts rarely involve multiple people . 
  in bf4 i would dogfight enemy jets before i attempted my stunts , often resulting in me getting near the top of the scoreboard from all the jets i took down . 
  i play battlefield for fun , this is how i have fun and i understand that other people have fun by winning and playing to win . 
  so you wo n't see me playing with multiple squads just trying to launch me across the map . 
  i respect that that will ruin the gameplay for everyone else , so i try to do my stunts with the smallest negative impact on the gameplay which i can . 
  lobbing grenades off planes is no worse than being a sniper camping at the back of the map . 
  you see people doing this in every game . 
   do n't do it in full lobbies, 
  then it 's not impressive ... that way it would be faked and set up . 
  exactly , chances are that in that game there were at least 2 enemies sniping on a cliff , not contributing are quite high . 
  i did n't get out . 
  we had to land the plane . 
  you ca n't ride the plane without landing the plane and getting on it in bf1 since you do n't inherit your plane 's velocity when you bail out :(, 
  it just vanished ... 
  [ maybe ] ( https://gfycat.com/hotsimilarbedbug ), 
  only when you get out of the plane you do n't inherit velocity . 
  i was n't in the vehicle so therefore i am getting pulled along with it . 
  except for the whole wing-walking part . 
  correct . 
  i tried for over an hour in an empty server attempting to do this without landing but the new flying physics make it impossible . 
  haha , true . 
  that 's badass . 
  i almost made that the title ... 
  oh my , that website is literally the definition of cancer when you do n't have adblock . 
   considering the earliest cases of fighter duels were two pilots shooting their pistols at each other , and the earliest bombers threw hand-sized explosives out of their planes by hand , i feel like this is a fairly realistic depiction of air warfare in ww1 . 
   ormer locklear , actually was one of the first wingwalkers and performed repairs on his us army air service plane while in flight and regularly performed stunts like this while on the front just for fun as well . 
  i landed the plane and jumped on the wing . 
  the latter is disappointing . 
  i had to land the plane :(, 
  i actually felt the same way when i watched it over :p, 
  oh , i have many plans !, 
  that 's good . 
  already did !, 
  i just looked for you but the list of people with that name is really long . 
  i will be the only account with the name `` trickytr0lly0utube '', 
  then cut it a little short . 
  could you provide a manual on how to apply safely ? 
  i would totally apply but i want to be safe around so many memes . 
  it 's like a scaled up version of [ this , ] ( http://gfycat.com/elementarycorrupthousefly ) i like it . 
  good job !, 
  got to top of all time in / r/battlefield _ 4 until it was recently surpassed . 
  i got it about a year back . 
  `` shit '', 
  lime lime lime lime, 
  to be fair it is . 
  why ? 
  because the players are literally retarded and have no situational awareness . 
  source : i play both console and pc battlefield . 
  wait ... you think that blood types are complex ? 
  wow . 
  the balance issue lies with saline bags . 
  because i we have seen the original gif and the effects are good but obvious . 
  hey , we 're all fellas here . 
  go away . 
  i had to speed this up about 3x to fit into a 15 second gif . 
  normal speed version [ here  ( https://youtu.be/fuz3vcwy6be ), 
  this took dozens of attempts , mainly because if you take any longer than a couple of seconds getting the knife kill , the jet will either hit the ground or self-destruct because it has been empty for too long . 
  i 'd say 15-40 , hard to say . 
  although i spent hours in empty servers trying to find the best angle and altitude from which to bail out of my jet at , otherwise if the jet was too low it would hit the ground , or if it was too high then i could n't get to the jet in time before it self destructed . 
  yep !, 
  yeah , i 'd have been happy with a trade kill on that one !, 
  i think i would have crushed his pelvis . 
  he would n't be going anywhere anytime soon !,
