  not bad , i think that you need to vary some of the shots , you well overused the panning shot , maybe a few more zooms or maybe even both . 
  but definitely overuse of a panning shot . 
  i get banned for no reason all the time by clans . 
  they kick good players to make the game easier to win . 
  they want to look better than they are , have shame g4l . 
  oh , yeah , look up gold camo on the acwr in hardline . 
  it is the biggest troll . 
  full , edited youtube version : https://youtu.be/ldb6_rywqq4, 
  the suav , a recon gadget . 
  although it kills anyone it touches in this video dice nerfed it so that it has about a 50 % chance of getting a kill and a 50 % chance of crashing . 
  been working on that with a couple of friends , the problem is that since the suav will not always kill upon hitting a player but instead crash itself meaning that a lot of luck is involved . 
  but i will continue to work at it , if i get it , i 'll put it up on youtube and maybe here if it looks good enough , 
  i wish console had a chat box : /, 
  yes . 
  sometimes you will fly through someone and get no kill d :, 
  the best i can do with the ucav is when the us team has b i can launch the ucav outside . 
  my best is 5 kills with a ucav on metro but you cant fly the ucav any further than the b flag . 
  operation locker is so much harder due to the shape of the tunnel , but here is someone else doing it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydqymyostlc, 
  it 's about every 10th game that i can get a multikill like that , its al luck once you can fly through the tunnels right . 
  it does , most of the time . 
  as i 'm sure you know it is how dice nerfed the suav but about every 10th flight my suav will kill everyone it touches , 9/10 times though i can only get 1 player , and about 40 % of the time it will crash on the first player and i do n't get a kill : /, 
  it is the suav and it is n't op at all , it took me over 3 hours before i got my first kill with it on this map . 
  i takes days to master and dice nerfed the suav but about every 10th flight my suav will kill everyone it touches , 9/10 times though i can only get 1 player , and about 40 % of the time it will crash on the first player and i do n't get a kill, 
  nah , i have done 6 and 7 before , one of the guys i play with has posted one before as well . 
  but this is the first time an 8 kill suav on metro has been put on reddit i believe . 
  80 % of the time it explodes on impact of which 50 % of the time gives you a kill , the other 50 % time you get no kill . 
  i just got lucky this time . 
  its more like a flying lawnmower . 
  that 's what i do !, 
  lots of practice and luck because most o the time the suav explodes on impact with 1 player, 
  8 - i equaled the record of 8 my friend set after he beat my old record of 7 a month or so ago . 
  no , i 'm colonel 100, 
  yeah bro , it 's good fun , do n't be put off by the first few games of crash after crash , it 's all practice !, 
  good point , it 's because the suav is twice as likely to crash if it hits someone in their front , it is about twice as likely to get a multikill like this if you hit people from behind , also try all line up through the doorway . 
  i will !, 
  that used to be me , its just practice , i just kept trying until now i crash less than 5 % of the time . 
  your clan tag is `` 69me '' ... 
  definately, 
  the drone ( suav ) will have a 50 % chance of killing a player it touches and a 50 % chance of crashing . 
  i turned around because the suav is twice as likely to crash if it hits someone in their front , it is about twice as likely to get a multikill like this if you hit people from behind , also try all line up through the doorway . 
  8 kills , 
  why run from cherno to berezino when i can spawn there ... ( usually ), 
  i got roughly 6 then i started counting , but yeah , i agree , i hope the spawn system gets addressed soon . 
  it sounds crazy , but true , every spawn was cherno/west of cherno . 
  where is my metro suav dogtag ? 
  your team lost, 
  good job taking them out with only a g18 and c4 !, 
  the edited version :, 
  lol , pretty much , days waiting for that tank to sit there as i fly by and once i saw the explosion i saw how far away from my jet i was so i was more like `` nonononononononoyesnonononoyeeeeeeesss ! '', 
  i wish i roadkilled him : /, 
  map knowledge :p, 
  there are some hackers on pc but they 're pretty obvious to catch , especially with spectator mode . 
  well , the damage drop off is noticeable when performing this , at that range it actually takes 2 frag rounds to detonate the ied , so i had to put m15 at mines on the slam for the frag rounds to detonate , then that detonates the ied . 
  also , i was hipfiring because there is so much drop off that it simply is no point aiming at it as it is n't accurate enough and i preferred my chances hipfiring . 
  there is no objective on either of those roofs . 
  i do n't think that wins should result in a prize for 64 man games , but that seems good for small player counts . 
  for conquest maybe the goal can be ( of your choice ) x number of vehicle destroyed ribbons for the reward or x amount of flag caps . 
  i think so . 
  also it is only going to get more and more expensive . 
  i think it is great ... only if it is rare !, 
  mags will be uncommon and so will the gun so its gon na be a great , rare , rewarding addition . 
  edited youtube version : https://youtu.be/wqkteib8wro, 
  i so badly want a chat in bf4 on ps4 : /, 
  did you record it ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  good memory darth !, 
  i 've had that a few times too : /, 
  i died as a result of breaking my legs , because i had no axe and my knife got ruined when my legs broke . 
  yeah , i 've been keeping up with the recent updates , cant wait for the next experimental !, 
  battlefront is stable , and its made by dice , it 's given me hope . 
  exactly what i was going to say , lol . 
  it 's much better than objective charlie or as you call it the `` gateway to hell ! '', 
  my rags were in my pants and got ruined , ( dumb in hindsight ) but in fairness it was an empty server where i keep my tents . 
  yeah , it 'd be like a punch in the gut travelling at 200mph !, 
  lol, 
  that went through the open doors on the side of the heli where passengers sit ... 
  the m320 smoke will one shot kill to the head and chest if the player ( like this one ) is not using the defensive field upgrade . 
  haha, 
  sraw used to be life * : /, 
  actually it was an empty server and i had a rag as an armband on . 
  but i had nothing to cut it into rags with because i deposited all of my stuff ( except the m4 and a few mags ) in my tent ( that is the idea of tents ) so i had practically no gear left other than my gun . 
  i fail to see how that is my fault that i died . 
  there was no reason for my legs to magically break in an empty server . 
  close enough , you know what i meant :p, 
  no , because not only did i get back in the jet but i was keeping other jets out of the sky while i was waiting a camper who i could kill . 
  haha , thanks !, 
  because i do n't duplicate and i dont loot farm so getting an m4 takes time . 
  where am i supposed to search for stones in black forest ? 
  there are n't any !, 
  no you ca n't find them easily . 
  good job , but it would never let me back in the jet from that distance !, 
  that is a very old video , seen it many times before . 
  this is one reason why i play on console , i do n't remember coming across any hackers in bf4 . 
  `` putted '', 
  yes , but i rarely use it because i often just want to play one map and there are n't enough aus servers to get the map you want . 
  not to mention that most of them are just rubberband fests . 
  i used to just pick the us server with the best ping , but now i cant tell unless i go into the server info , by which time there will be a queue as any free spots will have gone . 
  so essentially if i join a server based on the connection bars and it turns out i 'm giving the players local to the server a bad time , i 'm sorry , but it 's not my fault i ca n't efficiently distinguish server pings anymore . 
  no shit , its to do with you location in relation to the server . 
  my point is that i am not going to start rubberbanding .
