  i 've had friends find out about my youtube channel via seeing this stuff on facebook and tagging me/showing me ( because they know i play bf ) only for me to tell them that i made that video . 
  the internet is a crazy place . 
  i 'm not sure what the most views on one is , but the highest i have seen on one post is 5 million . 
  `` oh my go ... aww , how cute !, 
  anyway , i better move along . '', 
  [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/x7hi3va.png ) is mine . 
  it took a while to make so i hope you all like it !, 
  i will happily make edits as requested by adding or removing things along with trying a different colour scheme . 
  what do you guys think about selling iota for more omg in the short term ( a month or so ) and then buying back into iota with ( hopefully ) a larger stack ? 
  it 's still a solid project , so i would say yes . 
  just do n't expect any major rise in price in the short term , i feel like it is more of a mid-term hodl . 
  good point . 
  i think i 've just been feeling fud around it today , especially since reading about security issues found with the current tech behind the tangle . 
  i have n't heard about any potentially bullish new in the next month or so either . 
  i just want to see what others think . 
  my hdd died last month . 
  paid half of its value posting the fucking thing back to wd . 
  the market is testing me as a hodler right now . 
  i own a significant amount of iota , dnt , zrx i 'm currently down about 30-50 % on each . 
  thankfully omg covered me on those losses . 
  while each are high risk , i 'm still confident that they 're good long-term hodls . 
  what are your thoughts on these projects ? 
  always have access to ~ $ 1000 within 24 hours for emergency/unexpected uses . 
  it 's helped me many times . 
  i agree , but you do n't need those sorts of fund within about 24 hours , so you can leave that sort of money in a savings account or low risk investment fund . 
  i use hitbtc with no issues , however , i send my funds there over to mew as fast as possible . 
  if i were i would just continue contacting support ( even if it takes weeks ) as there is a support team there ( as small as it probably is ) . 
  i ca n't imagine losing so much of my stack like that . 
  sorry about your loss . 
  the reflections of the lighting on the car is amazing . 
  i went from heh , that 's cool , i can use my gaming pc to calculate bitcoin transactions ( ethereum actually , but i did n't know the difference ) for a little extra cash on the side . 
  i wanted to know how it worked one day and my attitude quickly changed to holy shit this tech is the future , why do so few people know about it ? 
  not at all . 
  you 're looking too closely on the price timeline . 
  cryptocurrencies are very volatile , so you 're likely to see the price of a currency you buy into drop below you purchase price at one point . 
  look at the price in the scale of months and years and you 'll see that you made a good investment . 
  i 'd say that eth is probably the best investment you can make without getting too risky and delving into altcoins . 
  anyone in a metric system using country ( most of the world ) will shorten a metric ton to a ton , so / u/ialwayssaystupidshit is n't wrong . 
  nobody here is wrong . 
  i ca n't wait to get some discount eth in the pre-metropolis sale !, 
  omg may be an exception as the long term prospects are good , but generally speaking , that 's the sort of strategy which will lose you a lot of money . 
  i 'll give it a go !, 
  i 'll reply again once i 've done it !, 
  it is , but i 'm referring to smaller altcoins . 
  what do you think would look better then ? 
  i like the idea of dark blue . 
  i 'll leave a reply when it 's done !, 
  i 'd be freaked the fuck out too , but planes land with one engine all the time . 
  they 're designed to be able to fly long distances with just one engine . 
  it 's not that uncommon of a situation either . 
  even if it does hit 1 cent , what 's keeping it there ? 
  a bear market does n't change the fundamentals of the coin . 
  the ship is n't going down . 
  it 's just a price adjusatment . 
  a sale . 
  it 's tough being a dnt and zrx bagholder , but i invested based on the teams and the ideas . 
  a bear market does n't change the fundamentals . 
  exactly . 
  whenever i 'm about to invest , i will save every dollar i can for a week or two before i deposit the fiat into an exchange . 
  each dollar could easily be $ 10 or more down the line . 
  my lunch last week could have been the most expensive lunch i 've every had opportunity cost wise since i just put a bunch more fiat into eth at the recent dip . 
  that tree seems high ... but not when you consider that its in r/marijuanaenthusiasts . 
  god damn loch ness monster . 
  mining it . 
   maybe this is because bitcoin is one entity , whereas eth traders are looking for better performing tokens instead of supporting the mothership ? 
  i think it is that along with the crypto newbies wanting to `` buy a bitcoin . '', 
  i think that [ coin mastery ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc4nxwtjzqk4bv7feorntsog ) is a good youtuber . 
  his content is more informative than entertaining , but i really like his videos . 
  this week has been full of mixed emotions for me . 
  great because i got to buy a significant amout of eth at $ 220 but bad because many of my altcoins kept on sinking . 
  ( up until a few days ago ) : /, 
  unlikely . 
  people usually sell the news and do n't react much to anything actually happening . 
  how do you like this ? 
  i 'm in the southern hemisphere , so will the price spring up for me ? 
  he 's accused of murdering his neighbour when he lived in belize . 
  he defends his innocence and there is no solid evidence tying him to the murder . 
  even though there is a lack of evidence tying him to the murder , a large portion of the public accuse him of the murder , most likely due to the `` showtime '' documentary `` gringo : the dangerous life of john mcafee '' which itself has risen controversy over how accurate it is and whether or not it is biased . 
  i 'm no expert on the topic , but there simply is n't enough evidence for me to see him as a murderer like so many people here are . 
  they 're pretty harsh accusations without enough of a foundation to justify them in my opinion . 
  do your own research on it and make your own decision . 
  the whole point of crypto is that we all represent it . 
  we do n't need a `` face '' of crypto , adoption will come in time if the product and marketing is there . 
  how is this a tip ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'd agree that some of what he did in belize is a bit shady , but unless there 's solid evidence proving that he is a murderer , then i do n't consider him a murderer . 
  i just would n't be able to live with the regret of not holding if it kept on rising . 
  crypto can be torture almost no matter how you play it . 
  he said he * was * selling , suggesting that he had more previously . 
  so i interpret is as he still has 17k btc . 
  after all , the post was asking how much btc he * has * . 
  that 's a good point . 
  only the for the last few dips has it been clear that cryptos are likely staying around for good . 
  when is `` back then '' for you ? 
  wow . 
  without giving away too many details if you do n't want to , how much have you made off this crazy ride ? 
  could you have done much better ? 
  but what about stickers on his laptop ? 
  do you mean doge ? 
  thanks for the input .
