  seems like that sudden change on the timeline is natural to me . 
  definitely no humans . 
  [ some extra reading for you . ], 
  ( https://np.reddit.com/r/youshouldknow/comments/5c61yw/ysk_if_youre_feeling_down_after_the_election/d9u1r16/?context=3 ), 
  more links, 
  if scholarly sources are more your thing ( and i hope they are ) , google has been making it easier than ever to do your own research by limiting search returns to only scholarly , peer-reviewed sources . 
  feel free to link some to me which prove you 're right . 
  the majority of them are peaceful . 
  * and * the other one . 
  in many cases with likely influence from their parents who fit the above demographic . 
  here is a better question : why do people like you have to generalise groups of people ? 
  it 's just like saying everyone who voted for trump is a racist , sexist bigot when we all know that is not true and we all know that that attitude only makes things worse . 
  repetition . 
  pfft , everybody knows that it 's better to have a paper thin phone than a phone with a good battery life !, 
  this reply is typical of a the_donald user . 
  totally avoids the topic of debate because they do n't have a sound rebuttal so they resort to insults or memes . 
  it 's laughable , really . 
  and before you just reply saying something along the lines of `` lol , you 're just a salty hillary supporter '' i 'm not from the usa and i did not support hillary . 
  i 'm not defending the guy 's argument and i 'm not specifically talking about this thread . 
  if you look at his comment history , he does it a lot . 
  that proves my point whether that was satire or not . 
  thanks . 
  after being or appointing a climate change denier high up in the us political system . 
  they only care about what money they can make before they die , leaving the younger generation to suffer the consequences . 
  yet people still vote for these assholes . 
  got me there :p, 
  from now on i might keep some chalk in my car . 
  just incase i see someone who deserves their own markings . 
  here , you might need this : \\, 
  the battlefield 4 system is better than the bf1 system . 
  my tears ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm not american . 
  the only part of politics i care about is climate change and you have to be an absolute imbecile or accepting bribes to think its not a serious threat . 
  your elitism just makes you look stupid when directed at the wrong person . 
  lmao . 
  and the increase in frequecy of storms ? 
  the collapse of the fishing industry and ocean ecosystems from acidification ? 
  the increasing shortage of water ? 
  influx of immigrants on a scale never seen before from nations where sea level rise and desertification is at its worst ? 
  nobody wins with climate change . 
  the cons will outweight the pros . 
  bahahaha . 
  i laugh at your ignorance . 
  if you do not think climate change is accelerating or a big deal , [ this ] ( https://xkcd.com/1732/ ) is a good visual representation of climate change over the last 20,000 years . 
  notice , that when the average global temperature was only 4 degrees colder , boston and new york were buried under glacier . 
  4 degrees . 
  that 's the difference . 
  we 're easily on track to 4 degrees in the other direction . 
  not just that , but there are dozens of other side effects such as the increased frequency of freak events , desertification , ocean acidification etc. 
  rather than calling me an alarmist like many ignorant people do , take a step back and take a closer look because the subject matter is more alarming than most think . 
  there is another good source [ here . ], 
  ( https://www.climate.gov/news-features/understanding-climate/climate-change-global-temperature-projections ), 
   oh yeah i 've been bitching about the election for 18 months, 
  i 've barely cared about it until very recently . 
   i only post on english-speaking subs and i only talk about american issues, 
  well yeah , being born in england my first language is unsurprisingly , english and the reason i care about the us election is because climate change is a global issue and us politics have a huge influence on us emissions and it has an indirect affect on the emissions of the rest of the world . 
  also , i 'm aware that she is n't particularly active against climate change and that she 'd be easily swayed by anyone who pays her . 
  but i would n't have voted for her as my first choice . 
  atleast she would n't take a step backwards like trump will if he does what he said he would do with regards to climate change . 
  [ alright , now turn around ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgkik7ujxvw ), 
  is this a joke ?!, 
  either somebody is paying him a lot of money to say stupid shit or he is an idiot . 
  ~ ~ maybe it 's both ~ ~ it is both . 
  power went out for us for an hour and a half . 
  it came on at the worst possible time for me . 
  i 'm about to go back to bed but before i do i decide to grab a bottle of water . 
  on my way walking down the hallway i am checking every room to ensure nothing has fallen off the shelf etc. 
  so as i leave the last room and re-enter the hallway i hear a deafening claxon go off right above my head and the lights down the end of the hall turn on accompanied by an orchestra of different appliences beeping in an instant . 
  i totally freaked the fuck out for an instant and i let out the most instinctive scream before realising what happened . 
  turns out that the power came back on the moment i walked under our house alarm . 
  the fact that we do n't use the alarm made it so much worse because when it goes off so suddenly and loud you have no idea what it is . 
  the lights at the end of the hallway turning themselves back on just added to the scare . 
  i do n't think i will be sleeping for a while now . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** i found out what my screams sound like when i 'm scared shitless . 
  i saw similar over my house in new plymouth . 
  it was a couple of bright pale green flashes in the clouds for me . 
  powerco is has recorded blackouts scattered between wellington and new plymouth . 
  that has been removed this patch . 
  the vehicle can be taken from you now . 
  the rifle only does 35ish damage though when you 're on the horse and shooting at infantry ... that makes it practically useless . 
  why would you use the storm over the optical ? 
  what is the benefit ? 
  glorious xl heavy mouse pad, 
   we need to dismantle capitalism, 
  nice try , mr kim, 
  earthquakes . 
  same here . 
  and it 's hard for me to say that when i 'm such a big battlefield fan . 
  terrible vehicle balance is why bf1 sucks right now . 
  there is no reason to use fighter planes . 
  at all . 
  there is no reason to dogfight other planes . 
  you 're better off waiting for a plane to get on your tail and then kill him in less than a second with your tail gun . 
  it makes no sense . 
  and then there are tanks . 
  i do n't know of any reason to use anything other than the heavy tank . 
  with the exception of maybe the ~ ~ mobile aa ~ ~ artilery truck with aa . 
  did you really need to tag the title with '' [ bf1 ] '' ? 
  is n't that clever ?
