  because multiple times on ps4 things did n't load , multiple times it has happened that i would have a gun , but the reload animation is fucked , i pick up something like the m32 mgl and it 's invisible but still launching grenades , and when i die i see no info about what killed me , just a red highlighted enemy and a name . 
  yay !, 
  ** only ** two months !, 
  yep , that seems to match what i thought was causing it . 
  killing people with an invisible mgl is satisfying , haha . 
  thanks , was wondering about that . 
  the first time i went to a military base was vmc , i walked into the old barracks , got to the last room , stepped back out into the long corridor to see a dark figure standing in the doorway at the end of the hall , i was dead before i could react . 
  oxygen !, 
  i pay $ 20 per month for 500mb , 100 hours of calls and unlimited texts in new zealand . 
  username checks out . 
  sometimes there is n't much . 
  maybe one guy took it all , may have just been something like a ump , tan tac shirt and 45 acp rounds . 
  sometimes there is n't much and its enough for one person . 
  where they removed as a glitch or intentionally ? 
  and if intentionally , why ? 
  lighthouse challenge : visit every lighthouse on the map . 
  oh my god those graphics . 
  what are your specs ? 
  huh , looks amazing though . 
  then again , i 'm used to ps4 , so yeah ... lol, 
  motion blur is the biggest difference , it is literally off the scale compared to pc . 
  ( its higher than you can make it on pc ), 
  [ this . ], 
  ( https://redd.it/2np694 ) it 's so stupid and uninteresting . 
  even the answers are bad . 
  i do too , but you get used to it . 
  the gun was zeroed to 200m . 
  they were barely over 100m away . 
  i 'm sorry to say that the bullet went just over his head and that any sniper rifle aim at the head from there with a 200m zero would have missed . 
  really ? 
  well , either way , the headshot did n't kill him because it will have grazed his head . 
  if the bullet just hits the edge of even the head hitbox and penetrates it , going through their body then it wo n't necessarily kill them . 
  really ? 
  huh , does n't look that far . 
  maybe aim for centre mass when the range is unknown ? 
  that 's what i do . 
  ca n't wait to see what cool easter egg animations you 'll make for bf2016 !, 
  * cough * smaw * cough * i wa n't the coolest reload ever after a rendezook ;p, 
  could we please see the other one ? 
  i sped it up so it would fit in the gif . 
  interesting ... maybe it has nothing to do with headshots and body shots ... 
  i think dice have truly puzzled us this time : /, 
   the original secret reload ( the unica ) happened because some people complained about the reload animation being too effeminate or silly . 
  so i doubled down on the silly . 
  that 's awesome . 
  i like your response , haha . 
  i love what you do and the way you do it so much !, 
  the m82 cqb is good , the rawr is just good fun and the rorsch mk1 got nerfed too much so i leave that now . 
  look at the timer in between the score and the minimap . 
  it is 10 seconds between the last shot of the first barrage and the kills . 
  i crashed my jet next to the island ( i forgot to put gyro stabilizer on ) :( and was running towards d via picking up the mgl . 
  if you look at the timer between the minimap and the scores , there is 10 seconds between the last shot fired and the kills . 
  i speeded the reload up so that it would fit in the 15 second gif . 
  awesome . 
  will it trigger one of the three specifically or the same one ? 
  i actually run gyro most of the time just so that if i get hit by actives with a stealth on my tail , my jet does n't roll over . 
  with gyro i can do a rendezook while the mobility hit is effective . 
  i use it so that when i 'm mobility hit i can still rendezook . 
  without gyro , if you try to rendezook while mobility hit , the jet crashes to the ground and flips upside down . 
  what happens when you try to rendezook ? 
  i 'll try to solve the problem for you . 
  you need to make sure that you dont touch the wasd keys until you start falling and your character has put his gun away . 
  not quite . 
  there is something else to it than just 3 headshots . 
  i got 3 headshot kills ( with missed shot in between ) and then fired a hipfire shot . 
  it did the normal animation . 
  https://streamable.com/lr68 even after the video , ( it failed to save ) i got a headshot hitmarker with no kill and tried for the animation again , nothing . 
  i thought that they were confirming that 3 headshots was involved . 
  anyway , thanks , although that is n't the first time that i got 3 headshots and it has n't worked . 
  back to grinding for it again . 
  proud to be a part of 74nk with members doing that !, 
  good job ark. 
  i did it just now . 
  it 's awesome and definitely inconsistent , but once it happens the first time , it continues . 
  yeah , the full video would n't fit into a 15 second gfycat, 
  i miss the app too :(, 
  holy shit . 
  on ps4 too . 
  wow . 
  yeah , i have since got it a few times . 
  i think that 1 . 
  elevators/interact buttons seem to affect it . 
  headshots with other weapons seem to affect it . 
  headshot assist counts as kills do not count . 
  or there could be no trends to the glitch when it does n't work at all !, 
  pc makes aiming so much easier with a mouse and keyboard . 
  a controller is much harder . 
  only in america ... 
  because i would say that aiming is harder and so kills are slightly harder on infantry maps . 
  less kills , less xp . 
   people do n't go bumbling around at 2 sensitivity with their scopes aim like some sort of bot . 
  no clue what that is supposed to mean . 
  what i was getting at is that the skill gap is much g = higher on pc , the noobs are worse and the pros are better thanks to the mouse and keyboard aim which is much more reliable . 
   aim assist is so easily abused it is not even funny, 
  from my experience i disagree , ** you ca n't just spam the aim down sight button on and off to stay on target . 
  ** even if true , that makes it easier for noobs with little to no extra advantage to good players . 
  as stated . 
  you ca n't spam it . 
  shot for linking it where it asks you not to comment or vote . 
  facebook is worse for that .
