  ( about a 10 % chance of losing it . ), 
  edit : i must have missed the enemy jet up this once , air radar is frustratingly unreliable with under radar : /, 
  while yes , i am not playing the objective as effectively as i can , i am still keeping enemy jets down between each time i eject . 
  also , i am in the air , keeping enemy air down for longer than the average jet flight , so it probably is better that i take the jet than some guy who uses it as a taxi . 
  and on average i can eject in and out of the jet about 6-15 times before i miss it , so it is n't like i waste one each time i eject . 
  eject out of the jet , shoot him ( with the weakest sniper in the game , it will one shot kill with only a headshot within 20 metres ) and get back in my jet , i can link a video where i did it with a sniper rifle if you want to see it . 
  in fairness it has been over 2 years from release , so playing the objective can get boring , and dice the devs did intentionally add the ability to eject out an back in your jet intentionally . 
  i 'm a more than capable pilot , i just do n't ptfo in it . 
  well , if you re-watch this video you can see that this is not auto aim assisted . 
  i aim down sight and remain aimed down sight and then i adjust my aim . 
  this means that this shot had no auto aim because auto aim only affects you the moment you aim down sight only . 
  as you can see when i aim down sight it does not snap onto the player , i have to aim it myself . 
  yes . 
  while i dislike knowing that i could be helping my team more , at least i keep enemy attack jets from destroying our armour between ejects . 
  fuck pc . 
  i prefer sitting on my couch with a controller . 
  i hate sitting up in a chair so a pc does n't suit . 
  also i do n't find the need to get a pc and plug it in to the tv because i do n't think that the graphical difference is worth it . 
  900p and actually i ca n't see the difference between 900p and 1080p on my tv , so trust me , i am not remotely jealous . 
  `` a talent-less scrub '' ? 
  lol !, 
  controllers are way harder to use !, 
  come try the auto aim , it does literally nothing at ranges longer than 10 metres . 
  bad choices ? 
  lol !, 
  i 'm glad i got a ps4 , it suits all my wants and needs and i do n't want anything about it to be different . 
  ok , well i would like to see you get a phantom bow rendezook with a keyboard and mouse ( which is 10x easier ) and you cant say that when i did it it was because of auto aim because it was a hipfire shot !, 
  and hipfiring has no auto aim . 
  i flew past before the gif started and i saw 3 of them there , in the time it took me to fly around and line it up 2 had already been killed . 
  well . . actually i can eject out of the jet and land back in it on average about 8 times before i waste the jet . 
  not only that but i keep the enemy air vehicles out of the sky between each time i eject or else they will take me out . 
  and that is the job of the stealth jet , to take out other aircraft . 
  i know :( i 'm still trying to get it though !, 
  thanks , and yes , i think it needs a buff . 
  you get the idea , i 'm semi playing the objective . 
  best maps are dawnbreaker , zavod and flood zone . 
  also sunken dragon is favourite ( dlc map ), 
  it does . 
  the phantom bow would be useable without this perk . 
  that is my main issue as i think that the way it nerfs sniper rifles is ok . 
  rip console users , retards spawn as they like . 
  wow , that was a perfect landing the bike did !, 
  it is base capping only, 
  a reason why you downvoted would help rather than you being a pussy , thanks . 
  i just want to know what the community thinks . 
  fun : anything without the maa . 
  bettlelog/in game menu is out of date . 
  it still says that the g18 and 93r have 19 and 20 round mags respectively . 
  i ca n't agree more about the maa , also , base aa should have less range , but in turn will shoot a target , spotted or not . 
  all dlc assignments do too , no servers to do them on !, 
  in case you missed it , he tried to rendezook me , i then tried to rendezook him , he took my jet , i panicked , i only just made it into his jet . 
  full edited version here so that you can see it better :, 
  if you did n't gather , dice like lock ons . 
  oh my god , it 's been a year already ? 
  wow ... 
  well , i realised this would happen , i can honestly say that it was n't staged , but you do n't have to believe me because realise that i ca n't prove that it was accidental . 
  so make your own mind up about it :p, 
  i disabled his vehicle and he bailed . 
  :( but then a few minutes later i got a regular rendezook on a sniper near his base . 
  you can see that here if you can be bothered : https://youtu.be/mc732s3dxfa, 
  i do n't have the footage of me disabling him , just the rendezook with the stolen jet . 
  i 'm on console and all you have to do is land the jet , get out and then get back in . 
  simple as that . 
  or you can get out and back in the jet by doing a rodeozook without the zook , i made a tutorial here : https://youtu.be/_pzrineti0o, 
  ( i 'm not great at tutorials , but it does the job ), 
  post your videos which are less than 15 seconds long as a gif on giphycat.com you 'll get way more views and upvotes . 
  it 's from the film `` the j-20 is not enough '', 
  nope , i 'm too far away from it for it to shoot me down . 
  i cut the video because gfycat videos ca n't be longer than 15 seconds . 
  you can see more here and also the rendezook i got minutes later with the stolen jet : https://youtu.be/mc732s3dxfa, 
  it was , 
  the game is a mere one thing short of perfect . 
  ( the one thing holding it back is the mobile aa ), 
  yeah , this time next year , should be a beta in september/october , but we still do n't know who is developing it and for how long it has been in development which is making me worried as q4 2016 may just be a deadline too close from now for a stable launch : /, 
  that fucks it up for when i 'm using both the ps4 menus , bf4 menus and i also have to undo the option switch on all other games . 
  if you read the whole thing you would realise that i mentioned why that is a huge inconvenience and will not solve the problem . 
  damn , good tactics !, 
  i would , but as shown nobody plays them -_-, 
  on console ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  delay like that has nothing to do with the device 's processor , it is all about connection issues . 
  you got the suppressor and coyote in a battlepack ??!!, 
  i always get those last !, 
  i hate the an-94 , the recoil pattern just feels gross . 
  it 's a bit of a tryhard weapon , too . 
  usually i would agree , but for a camper , camping in the mobile aa it is necessary . 
  damn , the jet turbine was old -- there was visual recoil !, 
  i understand that i got quite lucky with the hip fire of that shot and that the player was already damaged but i have been attempting that for 2 weeks and i only needed to get lucky once . 
  full edited version : https://youtu.be/8fxfs1tvham, 
  it 's true , badger is always like that . 
  i understand that i got quite lucky with the hip fire of that shot and that the player was already damaged but i have been attempting that for 2 weeks and i only needed to get lucky once . 
  haha , same here , it would look pretty cool and he would be looking at his screen puzzled as to what just happened , lol . 
  maybe , sadly the bf4 community is getting smaller and it is still another year before the next core battlefield game . 
  ( games like hardline do n't count ! ), 
  yep , that 's stun_gravy , he 's the one who started it all off , but sadly he stopped doing stunts in bf4 so he left it for people like me and a few others to do all the stunts he never managed to do . 
  the developers ( dice ) intentionally added this ( and how you eject out of the jet in a way which lets you get back in ) into the game to let the small portion of the community who want to do these `` only in battlefield '' moments as many people see them and think `` i want to play that game , that looked cool . '', 
  not only that but it also gives players more to do in the game when they get bored , preventing them from going and playing different games . 
  also , you need to remember that battlefield is n't marketed on realism , but instead `` larger battles '' . 
  yeah , when you eject out of the jet it prepares for a landing and it eventually stalls if it does n't land on the ground before hand . 
  thanks ,
