  in the majority of my stunts boosting would not help as i can freely switch servers and switch teams so that the ubiquitous campers are on the enemy team , the idea of the stunts is that pulling them off is hard . 
  getting the kill ( s ) and getting back in the jet is hard . 
  finding the players to kill is not , so boosting does n't really do anything to help . 
  how does that prove he is a friend , if i do n't destroy an enemy spawn beacon it allows him to spawn too . 
  that is absolutely no proof that it is a friend 's spawn beacon . 
  lol, 
  this is not [ this ] ( https://redd.it/3wdont ), 
  do you mean [ this ] ( https://redd.it/3wdont ) one ? 
  i posted that too , 
  it was fast and cheap editing on imovie -- editing is not my forte -- battlefield is though . 
  no problem, 
  that was an electrifying pun . 
  yeah , sure it 's [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/wl_9ymqmzom ), 
  i posted 2 differents stunts once . 
  this and [ this . ], 
  ( https://redd.it/3wdont ) any other post i apologise for but it was not me . 
  the possibilities are endless , but i want to something better , maybe kill a guy , pick up his sniper and kill someone with it , get back in the jet . 
  it slowly self destructs if empty for too long . 
  srr-61 ? 
  could you at least place your mines in normal places rather than glitch spots . 
  glitch abusing is n't right . 
  dice have said that locations where mines can not be seen or destroyed are not supposed to be a thing . 
  most of this post is glitch spots for abusing mines in ways which are n't supposed to be . 
  how that works from a physics stand point , i do n't know . 
  it 's staged like your tow missile shots . 
  lol , give me all of your evidence that my stunts are boosted . 
  both , i did n't think i would have time tbh , i was expecting the jet to hit the ground since i took so long to get to it . 
  when was this ? 
  what post ? 
  and please , give me some evidence . 
  lol , putting others down to make your self seem better , wow . 
  i do n't know many skilled , respectable players doing that . 
  are you going to give me some evidence ? 
  i 'll give you some to prove the legitimacy of my stunts . 
  the only way i can possibly boost one of my stunts would be to get someone to be the guy i kill , but the thing is that for most of my stunts like the following ( [ this ] ( http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose ) [ this ] ( http://gfycat.com/deepajareeve ) and [ this ] ( http://gfycat.com/mealydescriptivebobolink ) ) finding the campers is not the hard part as almost every game on at least one team there is someone camping . 
  so all i have to do is switch teams or join another server until i have an appropriate target/targets . 
  go on to psn and battlelog and you will find that the players i killed are not friends with me nor do we have any friends in common on either of the platforms . 
  you can also look through my battlereports on battlelog ( my recent games ) and you will find that the game where i pulled off one of these stunts was the only time i have played in the same server with the player/people i killed in the stunt . 
  i have completed dozens of different stunts on my youtube channel , you are welcome to check them for repeat names and i can assure you that there were no repeat names in my stunts . 
  ( my playlist of all my stunts can be found here if you want to check : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plzzscqe0cvracrms5evc840cq_-jdft5o ), 
  in the majority of my stunts boosting would not help as i can freely switch servers and switch teams so that the ubiquitous campers are on the enemy team , the idea of the stunts is that pulling them off is hard . 
  getting the kill ( s ) and getting back in the jet is hard . 
  finding the players to kill is not , so boosting does n't really do anything to help . 
  now please give me some evidence that my stunts are boosted or i will completely disregard your claims . 
  dude , are you going to give reasons why our stunts are boosted or just say our stunts are boosted and deny anything we say with no legitimate evidence to base your comments on ? 
  i take offence to people accusing my hours of practice and grinding to pull off my stunts as being illegitimate . 
  i am naturally like that , i am someone who ca n't stop an argument once it has started and so i take these comments seriously and will do almost anything to prove my innocence . 
  also calling a rendebow and mare 's leg rendezook non skillful . 
  if you think it takes no skill then prove me wrong . 
  do it yourself . 
  why not ? 
  otherwise i can just laugh at your hypocritical comment which is fuelled not by fact but frustration that people go around doing what they find fun in a game rather than playing the objective . 
  if only those stats actually represented my ptfoing ability . 
  because the dont . 
  oh , and by the way that 44 % loss rate ? 
  have you ever played operation metro ? 
  ru winning most of the time . 
  just happens to be that i like to switch to the us team to suav , do n't believe me ? 
  those 8 kills with 1 suav and the 1500 + kills with an suav shows how much i switch to the us team on metro . 
  low kpm and spm ? 
  it is n't easy when you are trying to rendezook or do some other stunt variation half of the time as stats are not your primary objective . 
  also saying that stats is the only measure of skill is not accurate . 
  why ? 
  because stats are made up of all games , i 'm not playing the objective most of the time making my stats in accurate to what they would be if i cared about stats more than stunts . 
  finally , i do n't care about skill , i care about pulling off cool stunts and you do n't believe they are legitimate . 
  could you please do what i originally asked and give me some evidence that my stunts are boosted or else i will conclude that you are most skilled at avoiding answering questions to which you know you ca n't answer and that you simply hate on what i do not because it is fake but because you do n't like that i 'm doing it . 
  stuff that they called ponylion out for , did they ever give evidence that his stunts were boosted ? 
  probably not , i 'm sure they just did what you are doing and threw accusation after accusation but failed to provide evidence . 
  lol , sounds like childish jealousy for our upvotes . 
  i was called out for boosting ? 
  on what stunt ? 
  or are you just making stupid claims with no evidence yet again . 
  are you going to give me some evidence that our stunts are boostes or not ? 
  you keep on saying that our stunts are based on but can you actually give me some evidence ? 
  because i do n't take accusations to my hard work being fake lightly . 
  full edited video + explaination of how to destroy the bridge with 1 rocket : https://youtu.be/eivtfhza5bw, 
  most of the time i play metro 24/7 on ps4 the us team loses regardless of what team i am on . 
  go through my battlereports and you will find that comment to be correct . 
  yes , well then why does n't he just downvote ? 
  why does he have to throw accusations at me which have no backing evidence ? 
  i 'm on it !, 
  they recently nerfed the repair rate , i personally think that the recent changes are a good change . 
  the issue is that the heli miniguns are twice as effective as one on a rhib boat because the scout has 2 miniguns . 
  so since the rhib boat miniguns needed a buff the heli miniguns also got buffed when it was n't needed . 
  my solution ( being a pilot myself ) thinks that removing a minigun from the scout heli would result in good balance . 
  is that ps4 though . 
  there will be a difference as there are more unskilled players who ca n't flank effectively . 
  not only that but on pc metro servers empty out at the start of the match -- the most common times for successful flanks . 
  i know that pc servers have less players when the match begins which is a big influence . 
  so give me some ps4 stats or your stats do not apply . 
  also , my comment was statistically correct based on your evidence ( which if it is n't ps4 or xb1 it does not apply ) since the ru team does still win * most * of the time . 
  i rarely have an opportunity to do a rodeo due to lag issues . 
  since i 'm in new zealand all silk road servers have too high of a ping to do a rodeozook since the jet rubberbands beneath me and it is impossible to stay on . 
  the other option is a local aussie server which is also an issue as they are never on silk road ( leaving very few stealth jet maps without an maa ) and aussie servers are also bad for packet loss . 
  i find attempting rodeos frustrating due to the rubberbanding jet issue and so i stick to rendezooks and extended rendezooks and let the rest of the community do the rodeos . 
  you 're getting close -- i 'm working on a rendem26 :p, 
  really ? 
  i have n't seen them , they are on ps4 , right ? 
  i 'll look out for them . 
  i have tried both the frag and the slug , had a few hit markers for each .
