  i was just making it so that everyone knew what it was . 
  well , the guy i killed was n't helping his team and he was n't the only on up there . 
  on the other hand i was taking out enemy jets between attempts at this stunt . 
  on this map in particular , a good jet pilot can destroy enemy armour and i was keeping the enemy pilots down . 
  yes . 
  it is n't as graphically impressive but i prefer it to pc simply because i have never encountered a hacker and every day i see a post about hackers on pc on / r/battlefield _ 4, 
  that 's some battlefront shit right there !, 
  i do n't get why you have a problem . 
  i am keeping enemy jets down ( the job of this jet ) and i am doing what i want to do to have fun . 
  2 birds one stone . 
  entertainment for me ( why i play games ) and playing the objective by doing what that jet is supposed to do + a stunt on the side . 
  it 's a lot of fun and the recent patches have made this game really stable and enjoyable . 
  i was thinking the same thing !, 
  correct !, 
  best primary weapons which can be used in all classes in my opinion . 
  sg553 is the best all round carbine . 
  mtar is the best close quarter combat carbine . 
  m4 is the best long range carbine -- however if you do n't like burst fire then the ak5c or aku12 is your best option . 
  nobody who plays bf4 frequently says that . 
  bf4 was marketed on `` larger battles '' not `` military simulator '', 
  this was an m320 flashbang . 
   a flashbang which deals 4 splash damage ( 4 health out of 100 ) and will only one shot kill with a direct impact to the upper chest or head . 
  and if that does n't suit your style , what about [ this ] ( http://www.gfycat.com/wealthyenormouscanadagoose ), 
  that screen tearing though ... 
  it 's true , we did some stunts together !, 
  trained as in you taught me how to super eject without landing the jet on console . 
  so yes i would n't have done half the stunts i have done but i was capable of doing rendezooks if i had n't met you . 
  so maybe you taught me how to be a more efficient rendezooker . 
  that last guy was so oblivious !, 
  2 questions :, 
  what is with the delay and who is splooge ? 
  lol , well noticed, 
  yeah , i bet you could n't do it with 1000 tries . 
  why else do you think it had never been done before ? 
  we believe it has something to do with a hipfire killstreak but it is only speculation . 
  i probably would have hit the phantom since i landed the f35 for that stunt . 
  but point taken for many other rendezooks , 
  is made ? 
  `` bullshit '' and that was n't even the tow !, 
  it 's kinda hard to tell what is happening with that fov . 
  normal speed version : https://youtu.be/r0tzku5st6u, 
  i spent 2-3 hours in an empty server testing and theorising how i could do a rendeknife . 
  once i had found a way how i jumped into public servers until i got it !, 
  normal speed version : https://youtu.be/r0tzku5st6u, 
  normal speed version : https://youtu.be/r0tzku5st6u, 
  i knew someone would say this . 
  i did n't destroy it incase i missed the jet so that i could try again but i destroyed the beacon right afterwards with my laser guided missile . 
  and he decided not to spawn on it again before i destroyed it . 
  that was my motivation !, 
  `` no , it 's one button '', 
  for the first half hour i was trying to fly the jet vertically when i ejected and so the jet kept on flying too far away from me ( because the lift from the wings pushed it sideways ) and it was falling way too fast , then i recalled how jets could boomerang if they stall at the right angle , i eventually settled at a 40-48 degree incline . 
  thanks , 
  it 's the first rendeknife with a jet . 
  it has been done with a helicopter before though . 
  that 's where i was 9 months ago , 
  i have been disappointed with a lack of possible stunts in swbf , its quite a fun game though . 
  as i said in / r/battlefield _ 4, 
   i knew someone would say this . 
  i did n't destroy it incase i missed the jet so that i could try again but i destroyed the beacon right afterwards with my laser guided missile . 
  and he decided not to spawn on it again before i destroyed it . 
  works well 99 % of the time , only failed on me once for a few hours . 
  love the new design , very fast and efficient video sharing platform . 
  one question , i uploaded a gfycat before i had an account , so it does n't put it in the list of my gfycats , is there a way to get it in my uploads list ? 
  the gfycat i would like to be under my `` my gfycats '' list . 
  thanks for your time , loving your service . 
  i put on a naval spray camo ( which is quite bland ) that 's the only reason i can think of . 
  fair enough !, 
  ah , no that 's ok , i have a link to it , it was just so that i could keep the analytics like the 500k views , i 'm pretty proud of that !, 
  i will , i have some plans , 
  i have always pronounced it `` ron-day-zook-ing '', 
  it is , 
  yeah , you did , but it stopped even before i deployed the flares so i 'm guessing that it was a friendly locking on to the empty jet . 
  then i got in so his lock on broke . 
  no , apparently i have to knife someone out of their jet before getting back into mine : /, 
  rende = rendevous ( meeting back up with your jet ), 
  knife = knife, 
  it could be done ... 
  i 'm planning to get multikills like this . 
  ah , but i was playing as the chinese team ... `` china , fuck yeeeaaah ! '', 
  as mentioned in / r/battlefield _ 4, 
   i knew someone would say this . 
  i did n't destroy it incase i missed the jet so that i could try again but i destroyed the beacon right afterwards with my laser guided missile . 
  and he decided not to spawn on it again before i destroyed it . 
  exactly , and i turned around and destroyed it with my jet anyway . 
  i eject out of the jet , knife someone , get back in the jet . 
  meh , i have a pc too , all my friends are on ps4 though . 
  i have done some of those already, 
  rendem320 flashbang : https://youtu.be/c_kakmef91i, 
  rendeimpactgrenade : https://youtu.be/4nxdqxdz9eq, 
  rendeshotgun on a tank : https://youtu.be/fie5qmylsxk, 
  recently i have been attempting an under barrel slug shotgun rendezook . 
  although , i do like the idea of hand flares and smokes for style !, 
  well , is that your in-game name ? ... 
  i did n't parachute up ... 
  the jet was just falling faster than me . 
  do n't you dare put me down like that !, 
  they also detonate friendly team mate mines leading you to get kia . 
  `` warsaw '' from the bf4 ost, 
  the game is built for large battles and epic moments alonside the core gameplay , not realism . 
  because gfycats have a 15 second limit and gfycats do the best on reddit .
