  from my experience that is not the case . 
  ( on ps4 at least ), 
  damn , i want to see the results so far !, 
  i started with x&y , loved it and bought their previous 2 albums . 
  my favourite album to date is mylo xyloto simply because it is upbeat . 
  it is more pop-ish but i love upbeat songs and it felt different to their previous albums but in a good way as it still had a great coldplay sound to it . 
  us engineer already wears sunglasses . 
  dice pls , make them work !, 
  that fits !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  93 used to be good but it is sh!t now with the magazine size nerf . 
  that one was poorly done because he had n't read out the punch line before he started laughing . 
  sure you can !, 
  i did this last month : https://youtu.be/ldb6_rywqq4, 
  i know right , you can shoot a guy twice in the head with a 20mm sabot shell from an f35 and he is still alive ... wut, 
  there is roughly a 50 % chance of you getting a kill and 50 % chance of getting nothing . 
  to increase the chances of a kill hit them in the back or hit them on the head . 
  based on my experience of 1600 suav kills of which over 95 % were on operation metro . 
  lol , there was never anything called the iphone or iphone 1 , the first iphone was called the iphone 2g :p, 
  well that depends on your platform ... theyre all fine on ps4, 
  not bad , man , i recommend shortening the duration of the clips and having more of them , some of them seemed to drag on a bit . 
  a fast-paced montage is a good one !, 
  good video , with a few improvements they could be great !, 
  `` it 's an albany expression '', 
  `` seymour , the house is on fire ! '', 
  `` no , mother , that 's just the northern lights ! '', 
  how the fuck is it underpowered ? 
  i can get on 20 killstreaks no problem with 30mm and zunis whereas in an lav/tank i can get maybe a 10 killstreak on average with the same effort . 
  please , if you disagree explain to me why it is underpowered . 
  edit : please explain why you disagree rather than downvoting . 
  downvoting only shows me that you know that you cant convince me that the maa is not op . 
  so downvotes with no comment = maa is op . 
  i am talking about on average . 
  including deaths to mines etc killing you as you leave your spawn . 
  anyway show me your stats then . 
  m4 if you can deal with burst fire . 
  i think you mean the type 95b-1, 
  lol , we have the same k/d, 
  what is your problem ? 
  yep . 
  i agree , i 'm suspicious of the validity of this poll . 
  i know , right !, 
  yes , but with zunis it is more effective than any other vehicle against infantry + it is more than capable of taking on a tank/lav with zunis . 
  but the moment i flip an maa half of the subreddit rages at me ... 
  that 's what happens when you get shot while changing weapons . 
  best glitch ever . 
  metro metro metro metro metro usa gets rekt every time . 
  stop trying to abuse auto aim with that m412 rex at the end , surely you know that auto aim does shit all . 
  how about you play console and try the useless auto aim?simply look at him using the m412 rex and the auto aim did nothing . 
  yeah , i turned it off and my k/d actually went up faster than before . 
  lol, 
   how about you play console and try the useless auto aim ? 
  simply look at him using the m412 rex and the auto aim did nothing . 
  yeah , i turned it off and my k/d actually went up faster than before . 
  lol, 
  and yeah , acog on f2000 * facepalm *, 
  that the maa is op . 
  noobs can get on 10 killstreaks while camping no problem . 
  this is my point . 
  it is still and anti-everything . 
  yeah , i know , i felt bad when you picked it up . 
  the point i was making was that auto aim is useless , hence i turned it off . 
  slide 16 on the power point `` how old do you think the average person in your country is ? '', 
  what the fuck kind of question is that ? 
  do you mean the median or the mean ? 
  there is a significant difference between those two types of averaging with nzs ageing population . 
  so true !, 
   slide 16 on the power point `` what do you think the average age is in your country '' what the fuck kind of question is that ? 
  do you mean the median or the mean ? 
  there is a significant difference with nzs ageing population . 
  median is more commonly used for age of a population . 
  good shot , but how about you try capturing a base as you do it , that would make it 5x better !, 
  eating eggs . 
  they are chicken periods . 
  you 're thinking of every teardrop is a waterfall, 
  my experiences with rubberbanding on ps4 have been strictly limited to australian and japanese servers . 
  sucks coz i get the best ping on those servers -_-, 
  no , they are photodegradable plastics , not biodegradable , look up the difference , its significant . 
  it was a joke , but good memory , lol, 
  good job , the maa is a pest . 
  the maa would be better off not inthe game tbh , its for noobs . 
  yes , but it is actually a bad thing . 
  photodegradation results in it breaking down into pieces often too small to see leading to animals ( particularly sea life ) ingesting the microscopic particles , the particles make their way up the food chain to us . 
  photodegradation never breaks down the particle , just the bonds between the particles meaning that it is not like an apple core turning into compost but a glass window breaking . 
  agreed , it 's the ability to camp which is the problem . 
  dawnbreaker has jets to counter the ac130 which is there because i guess cruise missiles are n't very effective on that map because of the numerous tall buildings . 
  for those who do n't know , this one of many fails from my rendemare ` sleg ( mare 's leg rendezook ), 
  rendemare ` sleg video :, 
  youtube : https://youtu.be/8fxfs1tvham, 
  for those who do n't know that was an m320 flashbang , for those who care an edited version of the video is here : https://youtu.be/c_kakmef91i, 
  this was with an m320 flashbang -- a flashbang which deals 4 splash damage ( 4 health out of 100 ) and will only one shot kill with a direct impact to the upper chest or head . 
  before anyone asks it is battlefield 4, 
  for those who would like to see it the full edited version is here : https://youtu.be/c_kakmef91i, 
  this one in particular about 20-30 , however i luckily got this one quite quickly compared [ this ] ( http://gfycat.com/delightfulyellowirishdraughthorse ) which took in excess of 200 attempts ( it took 2 weeks ), 
  but i enjoy doing it , 
  actually i play the objective as much as i can while waiting for the right opportunity to get out and kill someone . 
  `` a waste of time and effort '' playing the game normally is less productive because i enjoy getting feedback on my stunts , 
  chill , it 's 32 v 32 and i ca n't do my stunts if there are enemy jets up so i have to take out enemy jets first . 
  it just so happens that i was in a stealth jet which is designed for dogfighting . 
  i realise that a lot of people in / r/gaming may be unfamiliar with what an m320 is as not everyone comes from an fps background .
