  if you 're going to type aids as an acronym , it is aids . 
  accquired immune deficiency syndrome . 
  i said fuck one time and was only banned for 24 hours ... 
  hey recker , get the elevator !, 
  recker , get the door !, 
  recker , find the hatch !, 
  which ones are you visiting ? 
  tip : avoid the coast !, 
  how to i even use the maps ? 
  600 hours and i have never used them . 
  i think i might use them now for better immersion rather than izurvive !, 
  are they always up to date ? 
  so will the 0.60 one have tisy mil base on the map etc ? 
  good , i know pretty much every town name !, 
  thanks !, 
   but i expect it will be a lot easier now that the framerate is not total crap . 
  depending on your rig . 
  also , many windows are useless in 1pp , they 're too high or have a table in the way when in real life you could stick your head out and see everything 180 \u00b0 outside of that window , yet in dayz 1pp you can see a tiny amount to the point that it is just stupid . 
   dean actually said exactly that . 
  ca n't remember where though . 
  not saying i do n't believe you , but i 'd agree only when i hear the quote . 
  romeo , here , catch !, 
  same here , i was watching from one of those new towers looking over the barracks and the big new command building and i saw nobody !, 
  yes !, 
  i got a harvard diploma !, 
  ** grabs harmonica **, 
  i fell for your trap . 
  it will be harder to join as well since your request to join will be received after half the value of your ping . 
  200 ping is similar to what an aussie/kiwi will get joining a west/southern us server . 
  yeah , i think that they 're crashing a lot so we do n't have 23 consistently running . 
  instead there are significantly less . 
  90 % sure . 
  ping at 1000 . 
  nothing else on . 
  thank you so much !, 
  great knowledge to have !, 
  i can tolerate them crashing , but when there are as few as 10 at times it 's just not enough . 
  i understand that it 's not stable , but still , we 're only getting about a quarter of what we were told to expect . 
  alright , i 'll leave a land mine nearby in that case :3, 
  god damn 11thies , no respect for the original millennials . 
  the vines are n't taut though . 
  they do stretch enough to make it safe . 
  gim me a break , i just woke up -_-, 
  they usually plow and aerate the soil which they land on too . 
  seems as though your posts are advertising for that same website . 
  you 'll end up getting banned and reviewed on / r/spam if you do n't make it so that less than 1 in 10 of your posts are advertising . 
  warning you before you get caught by a mod . 
  they consider anyone who is linking or branding ( including watermarks ) content to the same site or their own content to be spammy if it is more than 10 % of their content . 
  just a heads up since a / r/gaming mod notified me that i was on the verge of being spammy . 
  i just recommend posting some other stuff between your own content in other subs . 
  i feel like 10 % is a little bit harsh and 20-25 % would be more fair , but there 's nothing you can do except post more !, 
  well , actually ... the glitch only occurred when i was in buildings . 
  actually , the best thing to do is to simply only add the link to your creations/website for your best posts and just post your other ones as an imgur link . 
  if someone asks for a source , just reply to them to give them the source !, 
  great !, 
  i looked at some of your other stuff and your sketches are really nice !, 
  i honestly would n't be surprised if i see you on the front page soon enough !, 
  good luck with your posts !, 
  you know why you said 60/60 . 
  just a civilian house, 
  it is new to 0.60 . it is a motorbike helmet . 
  i was looking under the wheels before they drove over a cactus patch . 
  appropriate flair . 
  actually , for the - \u203f - , the \u203f shows the line of your shot ( x-axis ) and it will stick to a wall if you 're going to shoot at a wall when you think you 're peeking around it , but most importantly , the - - indicates the height at which you shoot as well as where you 're aiming . 
  although , be careful since the - - only works as a height indicator when you 're not moving or walking slowly . 
  i want to see dean doing this . 
  but what 's the point if there is no suav ? 
  as someone heading to vet school next year and having done dissections at high school i would say that they are mostly lost on many students . 
  computer models do a much better job . 
  the red dot also shows up like a laser sight when hip firing , which can be useful . 
  i would still recommend picking it up if you see it since you can zoom in more with it than with iron sights . 
  the images were enhanced to be brighter . 
  could have been as far as you 're concerned , but it was n't . 
  i was on just 20 minutes ago , running between tisy military and kamensk military , i saw nobody . 
  last time i was on was a week ago . 
  fire some shots and it does n't hit in line with the tip , but the dot . 
  i digitally enhanced the screenshot afterwards , it was nowhere near that bright when i played . 
  nothing , it was pitch black when i took the picture , i enhanced the screenshots later . 
  north of kamensk military base . 
  sucks in comparison to other scopes *, 
  it is still useful since it gives you more zoom when you right click than just iron sights and on weapons like the ump and fal it is really good because the iron sights do n't intrude into your view . 
  that 's exactly why i do n't use lmgs . 
  there is just way too much bullet spread . 
  i feel like it happens all the time . 
   5k possible views worth of money, 
  do n't worry , based on my earnings , that 's less than $ 2 . 
  you probably just had one or two people actually click on the advert rather than just watching it . 
  dying on stairs simulator . 
  with the heli , too !, 
  `` dodo do do dodo '', 
  [ that 's the melody to funky town ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw5tfui5rtq ), 
  how about a banner full of pics of people dying on stairs ? 
  i was kim jong ill-prepared for a kim jong pun thread . 
  but only if you provoke the dog in a way which makes it want to attack you . 
  they do n't spontaneously attack people for no reason . 
  i skipped to 70 % . 
  that constant is bullshit . 
  or , simply wrap the strap around your chair leg if you are on a stool . 
  it does n't encourage it .
