  the only positive over a .50 cal is the instant travel time but this is no where near worth the long reload , the high magnification scope , the charge time and the few bullets you get for it . 
  i approve except for giants , i ca n't stand that map . 
  you did n't know ? 
  seems like you 've been playing too much csgo , guru !, 
  it 's actually a good thing now because you get your flares back after just 13 seconds , i die to stingers much less now !, 
  over 15 , maybe 20 !, 
  lol, 
  when someone says swbf , you immediately think of the most recent game in the series . 
  why would i be referring to a game which is over 10 years old by default ? 
  if i was referring to an older swbf game i would specify swbf1 or swbf2 , but no , there is no need . 
  now stop being a nitpicky asshole . 
  yep : /, 
  pretty much sums it up . 
  i know , right ? 
  going through a building on zavod is a useflu tactic but if you ever do it with the z11w your tail is so high that it will hit the roof and crash where the little bird will just fly through . 
  dbv 12 with frags ? 
  dbv 12 with frags ???!!!!, 
  stay out of my server !!, 
  the closest to a rendeknife we will ever get !, 
  hey blac , if you want your post to be more successful on reddit , post it as a gif on gfycat.com . 
  youtube videos rarely get over 1000 upvotes but many gifs have made it past 1000 upvotes . 
  i do . 
  i turn it on for locker/metro but anything else it is off . 
  3 years ? 
  yeah , but it 's annoying : /, 
  more exaggerations . 
  i saw no difference in my k/d ratio since turning it off 2 months ago , actually , my k/d ratio has actually gone up faster than it was going up . 
  also , it never aims on a players head !, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about !, 
  it aims on centre of mass . 
  that 's just over 2 years . 
  never seen a -27 points on a comment before , all -27 of them are well deserved too . 
  oh , is that what happened ? 
  hmm , interesting , it was a 30hz console server btw, 
  yep , and both the z11w gif and this were in the same game , lol, 
  my favourite carbine !, 
  yeah , strafe and stop moving to take your shot , otherwise you 'll be dying all the time . 
  he is just in an out of region server , not a huge issue if he is camping , if it was op locker then he would need a new server to prevent lag . 
  oh , and being the out of region player is not an advantage , it is actually harder to play as you ( the out of region player ) gets shot around walls more . 
  downvoting @insaneenergy4 right now !, 
  lol , well done . 
  agreed , except the g18 is a much better choice than the p226 or fn57 . 
  yeah , i used to like that until it had less bullets in a mag than the g18, 
  you 've been missing out !, 
  i saw a few comments on my earlier posts saying you wondered what my stunts looked like from the perspective of the guy who got killed so me and a friend simulated it . 
  i 'm wondering you died to someone with no rank yet but they were using the ace 23 , hacker maybe ? 
  i know you can get the ace 23 before rank 1 , but it is unlikely . 
  either that or it 's a really weird glitch . 
  ahh , ok , thanks, 
  `` i 've seen some things , man '', 
  lol, 
  i literally just spawned myself ... just on my partner, 
  people wanted to know what the killcams looked like . 
  the damage did n't show up because nobody was in the jet . 
  whenever i try to do that we end up ramming each other :(, 
  i literally just spawned myself , i just spawned on my partner , i had no clue where i was going at that point . 
   i literally just spawned myself , i just spawned on my partner , i had no clue where i was going at that point . 
   i literally just spawned myself , i just spawned on my partner , i had no clue where i was going at that point . 
  what ? 
  am i supposed to run away and hope they dont shoot me ? 
  fuck off , i may as well kill myself and respawn . 
  if i dont kill them , they kill me . 
  spawn protection . 
  squad spawns as you 're killing the guy who has a buddy spawns ... usually ends up with me having to reload while the spawn on kills me . 
  ouch ... 
  i literally just spawned on my partner ? 
  do you think i intentionally ran to their spawn ? 
  i do n't play anywhere near enough of this game to know the spawns yet . 
  pc  console , except when hackers become widespread . 
  good job  i do n't usually say this , but i hope you teabagged him . 
  you get a second or 2 where you ca n't take any damage when you spawn . 
  my issue is that it is easy to say that as someone living in the us or eu , but seriously , have you ever joined an australian/asian server ? 
  i get significantly more packet loss on local australian and asian servers ( i 'm in new zealand ) than on a european server . 
  often the packet loss is red on aus/asian servers yet i have never experienced worse than orange on an overseas server . 
  i do not play on europeans servers ( i was playing on a couple for this test ) i experience the best gameplay on western us servers where packet loss and latency is at a balance where neither are noticeably bad . 
  tl ; dr i 'm in new zealand and i get the best experience on western us servers as local servers have serious packet loss issues . 
  i do n't know anyone who has n't seen battlefield friends and neebs gaming . 
  sorry :p also , they are very funny , but not the funniest . 
  this is my favourite by a long shot , it 's a great tune like everglow but it 's upbeat and positive making it better !, 
  the russianbadger 's old bf4 videos were amazing and russkhof 's old bf4 videos . 
  but just remember this is my opinion . 
  i personally love the bffs cartoons but neebs gaming is often meh . 
  they lack the knowledge of the game and i generally find that they are wrong on a lot of facts both on the game and real life . 
  just my opinion though . 
  full edited version : https://youtu.be/4nxdqxdz9eq, 
  for those unfamiliar with battlefield 4 grenades , the granade i used was an rgo impact grenade so that it would n't detonate before reaching the rooftop . 
  however , the rgo impact grenade has the smallest ( equal ) blast radius . 
  full edited version : https://youtu.be/4nxdqxdz9eq, 
  i would if i could , but you ca n't control remote gadgets while flying through the air . 
  the other possibility is to do a rodeozook ( ride/surf the jet ) while controlling the mortar but the problem again is that you cant use these gadgets in the air , for some reason when you use a remote gadget when riding the jet you literaaly just stop riding your jet and fall off . 
  thanks !, 
  i put it down to a mix of luck ( but inevitably getting it due to the vastly numerous attempts ) and being able to get back in the jet about 90 % of the time for another attempt . 
  one example is the suav , i 'm a big fan of the suav ( especially on op metro ) so i tried a rendesuav , it wont let you throw it . 
  i tried a rodeosuav and i kept on falling off the jet when i threw it . 
  it seems to be the same for all gadgets . 
  if you are on console you need to land the jet and get back in it . 
  if you 're on pc just press eject + spacebar at the same time . 
  this will launch you up in the air . 
  what 's wrong with gfycat ? 
  well i ca n't explain that , but if you are still bothered seeing the video it 's on youtube .
