  i just came to that conclusion myself . 
  i feel like i will see a better price before the end of the year since a lot of the development and applications of the tech will be coming a little later down the line and there is little coming up that would shift the price significantly . 
  especially considering what happened to zrx and dnt , two coins with solid tech and teams , they pumped too early . 
  while sure , wtc has n't really pumped at all ( which is a good thing ) , i do feel like time will see the price rise rather than some crazy pump in the coming weeks . 
  i think i 'll keep my eye on the coin , do some more research and buy in when i find a better price . 
  the lack of a chorus in the reprise has bugged me so much that i decided to blend the normal chorus into the end of the reprise . 
  i 'll upload it to youtube and share it on this sub tomorrow . 
  i have died way too many time because the game ended leaving me to freefall or fly into the ground , adding another death to my stats . 
  comment your ideas !, 
  i have died way too many times to falling of a roof top because my player wants to keep on moving and run off a building when he is switching weapons . 
  50 % of the time i go for a jet it spawns me in the base . 
  this never used to be a thing , so why is it now ? 
  i know what causes the bug so do n't comment telling me what causes it . 
  this is a serious issue with recent games . 
  i will not buy any game where r2 is and has to be shoot . 
  so far if this is not added before the final version i will not be buying this game . 
  your loss dice and ea . 
  any specific buildings which seem to be good for batteries ? 
  what happens if all 32 players in a team form their own squad , past squad zulu what are they called ? 
  or is there a maximum number of squads ? 
  air radar is pointless now . 
  if the enemy is spotted they should show up on air radar no matter how high they are flying . 
  flying helicopters in infuriating now . 
  sick of dice `` fixing and balancing '' things which were fine in the first place . 
  everything is one or 2 bars . 
  australian and new zealand servers are a rubberband fest to be generous , there is no point playing on them as it is practically unplayable . 
  and dont say its my connection because i get 10mbps upload and 45mbps download . 
  something has to be done because now i have no way of telling if i am joining a us server or a european server . 
  europe is too laggy ( obviously ) but west us is fine , yet the server browser can tell me whether it is us or eu unless i open up the server info . 
  ( a huge waste of time ) it was fine how it was . 
  can you fix the bug where you are trying to get a jet and it spawns you in the base , it is the most infuriating glitch ever . 
  i have noticed this , does it happen for any other pickups , or just the ult ? 
  i have died too many times because i empty out a whole magazine into an enemy who is on the other side of a thin wooden beam . 
  what is up with that it is fucking wood . 
  it should n't be bullet proof . 
  this map in my opinion is n't complete . 
  more examples of stupid map design : by the end of the game 90 % of trees and shrubs are gone . 
  its a fucking jungle , grenades and bullets wont cut it down and turn it into a baron landscape !, 
  what the fuck dice ? 
  pretty self explanatory , i ca n't explain why it said for inactivity . 
  2 years on and the in-game battlelog for ps4 is still not working properly , meaning that the only way to join on friends in to search the server and change squads/team . 
  ( that is if it allows it ) 70 % of the time it does not work at all . 
  please . 
  this needs to be fixed !, 
  [ removed ], 
  is this a known glitch ? 
  is it just me experiencing this ? 
  if you put the wheels on opposite sides ( eg front left & right rear ) of the sedan you can reach a surprisingly high cruising speed without veering off the road or losing traction . 
  it also works with 2 wheels on the same side ( eg left front & left rear ) but expect to be veering to the side . 
  you wo n't be going anywhere very fast if you put the wheels both at the front or both at the rear though . 
  no matter what ps4 server i search for , no matter the criteria i select to find a server every time the search results say `` sorry , found no servers '' but when i search the same thing on the built in ps4 server browser i get normal results . 
  also it was working flawlessly a week ago , tried on different computers and different web browser and it still is n't working . 
  also , what made/how did the first rna polymerase molecule form ? 
  the real problem with this almost amazing game is unfortunate . 
  dayz has succumbed to something which i sadly doubt it will ever fully recover . 
  the community is shit . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i like this sub and the people in it , i 'm sure most people here even feel the same way as me . 
  what i mean when i say the community is shit is that a large majority of players are just assholes . 
  why ? 
  i do n't even remember the last time i met a legitimately friendly or entertaining player . 
  even worse than that ( i do n't have a huge problem with kos ) the only conversations i have had this month have all resulted in me getting shot in the back . 
  this is just unnecessary and cunty . 
  now , i have not been looking for friendly players in cherno . 
  i have not been looking for players at nwaf . 
  i have not been limited to public servers , either . 
  i roam all across the map n all kinds of servers looking for players . 
  sometimes i run along areas like solnichniy , krutoy cap and kamyshovo for fresh spawns or people who are n't well geared to either team up with , trade items or even to just have a conversation , but this last month over 90 % of people ( not a made up stat . ), 
  who i came across backstabbed me or just kos 'd me . 
  if anyone reading this is one of those people who never has player interactions then maybe try something new , stop being the 99 % who run around like it is call of duty . 
  or worse , and what i really have a problem with is when players will let you be friendly and then kill you to say thanks for it !, 
  have some fun for once . 
  how is shooting someone in the back fun ? 
  no skill in that , so where is the reward ? 
  finally do n't think i 'm somebody who wants every server to be a dayz role playing server . 
  i joined servers and groups like dayzrp and missed good pvp . 
  my point is that you should have an open mind in dayz . 
  if that guy without a gun simply wants to talk to you , then let him talk !, 
  do n't just shoot him because you can . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not saying do n't shoot anyone . 
  just try to have a conversation every once in a while . 
  it would make this game a lot better for everyone . 
  thank you . 
  edit : bring on the downvotes , even though you clearly do n't understand that you should n't just downvote something because you disagree with it . 
  why else would there be a comments section ? 
  ** facepalm **, 
  i have n't been there in a while , do people still go there ? 
  given my current fps situation , is the new ui worth it ? 
  i am currently getting 15-45 fps between the middle of cities and the middle of nowhere respectively . 
  my personal choice is :, 
  new renderer ( and so better graphics and better frames ), 
  tisy military base, 
  redesigned cherno/electro, 
  if you combine a sharp object and a barrel you can make a `` barrel with holes . '', 
  by what i assume is a glitch/not intended by the devs you can run with it in your hands and move stuff around in it , open/close the lid just like a normal barrel on the ground except you can run with it at the same time . 
  any links to guides or videos about all of the expected features of 0.60 would be awesome !, 
  for example , is the zeroing pso-1-1 scope which is found with the vss vintores accurate for an akm or an svd ? 
  because the vss 's subsonic rounds drop much more over 300m than an akm round , so does the scope lose zeroing accuracy between different ammo types in dayz ? 
  is there a reason for this ? 
  is it a glitch ?
