  it might be logical but not very social . 
  the aim is not to have most balanced teams or most balanced game but to have fun . 
  i do understand that unbalanced game is not fun but so is knowing that you are a dead weight in 7k players game . 
  it 's not broken , just not perfect . 
  the system is all right for 95 % of the players . 
  use the msi afterburner to find the bottleneck . 
  the charts are really useful . 
  4 things to watch first - cpu utilization , gpu utilization , ram utilization and gpu memory utilization . 
  if cpu or gpu utilization is 100 % check clockspeeds ( afterburner only shows gpu clock , cpu-z will show cpu one ) . 
  you 're forgot burma . 
  as a mac user you might want an ips monitor such as dell p2715q . 
   but apple did n't tell me about the input lag when i bought it . 
  are n't their displays perfect in every way ? 
  6ms is not noticable by any means . 
  in comparison - many televisions have 50ms input lag ( mostly due to postprocessing ) and i 'm yet to hear a console gamer complain . 
  none . 
  their displays are very good though . 
  what macs lack in specs they make up in design and materials . 
  actually . . 
  it was exactly how it went back then . 
  having blue blood mattered more than education . 
  bool is size of byte . 
  units are important !, 
  use first stage engine in second stage which is not recoverable . 
  the development cost was ~ 4 500 000 $ and profit is probably  20\u00a0000\u00a0000 $ . 
  hope there will be sequels . 
  you are correct about ~ 0.8 mil . 
  posted it before i made it to the last page . 
  they both have similar intel core m 4.5 w cpus . 
  asus even has a bit larger battery . 
  i would be more worried about build quality - i trust apple in this department but asus is a bit question mark for me . 
  nice work from asus though . . 
   99.9 % pc games will be on consoles . 
  i hate when people assume too much and take number out of thin air . 
  honest question - what do yo pay for it ? 
  in comparison : i pay 33eur for [ 300/300 connection ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/4214060060.png ), 
  here are the pricings for the two biggest providers in estonia :, 
  28 '' panels are tn . 
   nobody wants to read several thousand words of raw text, 
  well the internet is mostly text . 
  and books have quite a few of these text thingies . 
   programmers tend to not want to spend a lot of time on a project after a while . 
  i 'm a programmer and i have developed some projects for  10 years by now . 
  it 's important to keep my infrastructure up to date , though it does not apply to ad-hoc projects . 
  important things will get the attention even if they are not interesting . 
  edit : i quess it 's more about personal discipline than about company structure . 
  more like since 1983 - he was developing windows in microsoft prior to valve . 
  in estonia ( according to a popular legend ) :, 
  5 (  90 % ) - reserved for god, 
  4 (  80 % ) - reserved for professor, 
  3 (  70 % ) - the best a student can achieve, 
  2 (  60 % ) - what a student can realistically achieve . 
  1 (  50 % ) - just above failure threshold . 
  nothing beats carrying gnome from hl2 episode 2 . 
  and i forgot to close the rocket door . 
  12mm per meter . 
  0.0012 m should be 0.012 m. 
  i do realize it 's not the 1st of april any more . 
  i 'm always late to the party . 
  fresh content . 
   valve can do no wrong, 
  they can do wrong - / r/dota2 still calls them `` volvo '' after miscommunication about last diretide . 
  been developing for both . 
  i prefer opencl because i can also run it on cpu on older computers . 
  do n't need to keep alternative cpu fallback option . 
  do n't think the valve operates without feedback loop purely relying on timings . 
  pid filter tuning is more likely - increasing integral gain should do the trick . 
  hardline was n't made by dice !, 
  so ... what should i do to upgrade the drivers ? 
  disable windows update ? 
   the reason for this is that the apis we use are very , very high level . 
  except until recently the opengl and d3d were considered very low level api-s . close to metal apis - like something you should n't program directly against but rather use game engines . 
   with this level of control , you can do things older apis simply did n't let you do , or made extremely difficult - for example , you can now build everything you need to draw into one big payload on the cpu , and then send it to the gpu in one go ( because do n't forget that talking to the gpu is really slow ) . 
  this is actually the exact mechanism ( index buffers ) that is used to go around draw call limitation in opengl and d3d . 
  you allocate one buffer , fill it with tons of primitives and draw with single call . 
  now with vulcan you do n't have to do this any more , 
  the rest i can agree with . 
  you do n't have to . 
  you can already test mantle in bf4 or thief or dragon age 3 . 
  except do n't - you 'll be disappointed . 
  actually - that 's exactly how dx12 and vulcan works . 
  are you running on asphalt ? 
  get some soft running shoes . 
  wow !, 
  even the screenshots take unusually long to load . 
  it 's 300/300 , imgur must have been slow . 
  the game tho . . did n't even try on 1440p monitor , dusted off my old 23 '' full hd one for this one . 
  and even at 1080p it brings my 780ti to it 's knees - had to cap to 30 fps to get rid of spikes . 
  that fireframe has curved lines !, 
  an engineer here . 
  it 's no joke actually - the complexity of this motion is beyond what any robot can do . 
  yes . 
   he has a good english voice , he can play-by-play , he 's super knowledgeble in analysis , he not biased to any teams , he never trashtalks or says stuff like `` this draft is so bad , i dont know how team x is gon na win '' minute 1 , he always takes it as both teams are not bad and really are trying to play/draft their best . 
  i like how susfan has none of these qualities . 
  they 're a weird match . 
  estonian here . 
  300 symmetrical + tv + landline for less than 40 $ . 
  it 's not just the `` bigger payload will be longer '' effect . 
  even if you just scale the lander up without making it cylindrical you have to keep in mind that the surface is related to the size squared and the mass/energy is related to size cube . 
  you should ` nt reuse the _ values _ list for each row but create a new one .
