  asimov wrote a book about it . 
  also , was frankenstein alive ? 
  yes . 
  he must be rotating fast and then turn the wheel . 
  he can only do this because of rotating chair . 
  he would not be able to turn the wheel like this on a stool . 
  reddit is mainstream media . 
  estonia was part of soviet union and we just bested finlands education system . 
  win a lemans race first . 
  technically he is a scientist too . 
  interesting . 
   those people are more russian than most russians . 
  it 's because stalin deported all natives . 
  still , the situation is akin to us occupying u.k. 
  what about mobo prices ? 
  how is that racist ? 
  ty for long answer . 
  wpf is not just about xml layout but more about different rendering mode . 
  vector graphics vs bitmap or retained mode vs immediate mode rendering . 
  you wish . 
  it 's way more likely we 'll be writing compute kernels and will optimize by hand for coalesced memory access . 
  `` zero gravity '' happens to be the nickname of the owner of navi , one of the top cs teams . 
  used external solid rocket boosters to get off the ground . 
  x15 could n't get off the ground by itself too . 
  am drunk . 
  can relate . 
  maybe the have some models - simple buildings and trees . 
  they need low poly for all models to be effective . 
  they 've been releasing major updates on weekly basis . 
  i 'm confident they 'll deliver . 
  i believe the rain is from unreal engine . 
  the had to do little to enable it . 
  stock is better than samsung skin . 
  blue for north , red for south . 
  i like how they do n't go nuts about realism . 
  try setting textures on high . 
  sac told they downscale textures on cpu . 
  maybe another angle then . 
  the current target is to relaunch within 24h so no fancy maintenance procedures . 
  i like you . 
   is there a crazy difference between the rx 580 and the gtx 1070 ? 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://www.anandtech.com/bench/product/1868?vs=1731 ), 
  mcdonalds website :, 
  big mac : 503kcal, 
  oh man , i still remember my first successful moon visit that ended with deploying parachute too early on return trip . 
  took three hours of intense planning and all in vain . 
  this was before i learned about quick save function . 
  not to be confused with norwegian mile , which was 36,000 feet . 
   the only way you could have incurred these kind of overage fees are if you use up approximately 1.2 terabytes of data . 
  that 's absurd . 
  not that absurd - my average montly data usage is 6tb . 
  mostly iptv but can easily be achieved with netflix too . 
  it 's statistics from my router . 
  of course , the tv is not the only client . 
  not so much from [ this ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/nintchdbpict000263977920.jpg?w=632&amp;strip=all ) angle, 
  looks better than 2016 update from the outside . 
  they are n't just implementing missing subsystems but they add features based on feedback . 
  small things like bulletproof pan . 
  heard the test failure quite rare and if you failed the test you should get a rental car while you wait . 
  saw a thread about it somewhere . 
  the real bezel is [ even thicker ] ( http://st.motortrend.com/uploads/sites/5/2017/07/tesla-model-3-center-stack.jpg ) than on those renders . 
  quite a lot to follow even in slow motion :, 
   former county employee says the country intentionally caused contamination in order to force nearby golf course onto city water, 
  that 's fallout level dystopia . 
  even communists were n't _ that _ greedy . 
   deliberately starving 10 + million people to death seems pretty dystopic to me . 
  that 's good old hatred for fellow human being , not greed . 
  soviet union was dystopic af even at the end of century . 
  father of a friend of mine was paralyzed because a drunken solider went offroading with a tank and hit a schoolbus . 
  stories like that were quite common . 
  i would have assumed it 's placeholder for start/stop button . 
  we should really start measuring it in kwh/km , joules/meter or in newtons . 
  mpg is rapidly approaching obsolescence . 
  it would be more interesting when the bot would have 0.3 seconds delay . 
  then they would have to work around human limitations and actually produce something we could learn from . 
  and hard work . 
  and strict diet . 
  ooh . 
  got some more pictures ? 
  awesome trip !, 
  1.4028 steel is a bit soft for a chef knife but i suppose it 's ok for 13 bucks . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.amazon.de/zwilling-santokumesser-pulverstahl-micarta-genietet/dp/b000alzgda ) is more relevant here . 
  op was joking . 
  try something made of proper knife steel , say vg10 . 
  our first vg10 knife was so sharp i was scared of it , i did not expect a knife can be _ that _ sharp . 
  i was proud of my previous knives before but this was on another level . 
  for instance , there 's no neccessity to do cutting motion while making steak tartare - i can just push the knife through meat like when preparing salad . 
  my current shapest knife is made from zdp189 steel and while this is much harder than our vg10 knife ( hrc 66 vs hrc 62 ) they are in the same league . 
  our old firskars knife ( hrc 53 ) feel like butter knife in comparison . 
  i think the large countries will enforce un ban once they realize a small country can be as lethal as a large one in ai dominated battlefield . 
  i drew another picture for you : https://snag.gy/ziqy7k.jpg, 
  the gray line is iss orbit and green line the kalamar line ( 100km , border of space ) . 
  space is not that high up . 
  it is easier to build greenhouses with artificial light . 
  i would say a proper finnish sauna starts from 80c ( 176f ) ; 100c ( 212f ) is preferable . 
  below 80c you do n't get much steam from throwing water on the stones . 
  good stuff . 
  sweden , amongst many , is n't democracy . 
  the play by dendi ?
