  we do n't have any nukes or even any noteworthy arsenal . 
  the vote should be your least concern . . 
  edit : paper vote will override electronic one . 
  it takes a lot to bring down akamai ; they would effectively bring down whole internet . 
  i 'm sure it would make _ someone _ unhappy . 
   i was n't much of a picky eater but my little brother used to trow a huge tantrum if he had to eat healthy . 
  i 'm 35 and i hate healthy food and i ca n't see why my child would want it . 
  normal quality food in moderation does n't make you fat though i need to be active if i want to maintain a sixpack . 
  unmanned ground vehicles can be smarter when there 's an unmanned aerial vehicle scouting ahead . 
  kiev ? 
  a boost to starladder would be nice . 
  wait until pr0n industry eclipses defense industry . 
  estonia has 2 , 4x more than us per capita , but this map shows none . 
  too long rant . 
  he said more but i already forgot . 
  something about dendy being weak and ppy strong but nonetheless zero would have kicked ppy 10x to keep dendi . 
  long rant , lots of details . 
  edit : nice to hear hes real opinions , not the smalltalk he does on panel . 
  he 's big fan of ppy and fear and great supporter of fng . 
  it 's never that simple . 
  should n't be more dangerous than say . . sandstorm . 
  offtopic , but how do you translate those strings ? 
  are they evaluated before or after compilation ? 
  that 's just sad . 
  thank you !, 
  probably disk . 
  i have 300mbps too but my hard drive ca n't handle that much random access . 
  agree overall except for this case . 
  jordan is neighbour of syria - they are supposed to take in the refugees . 
   everyone knows he 's a racing enthusiast . 
  he owns a mclaren f1 . 
   he was bound to do a spectacular time . 
  so does jay leno but he was 6 seconds slower . 
  3mj is a lot !, 
  it is enough energy to lift 3kg up into space ( 100 km up ) . 
  use kodi with twitch plugin . 
  it 's not about absorbsion but rather about refraction . 
  blue light has higher refraction coefficient and thus disperses more than red light . 
  i guess if you were to average color over whole sky you would end up with white but because all the red hues are concentrated at the small circle of sun the rest of the sky is blue . 
  gtx 950m would n't be sufficiently faster than iris pro 6200 . 
  i made a small wpf app for windows that uses two line linq query for searching for a text within all files in given folder . 
  _ learn to code, 
  ! windows 10 apps ! _, 
  fixed formatting . 
  are they unlocked ? 
  i overclocked my i7-920 from 2.66 ghz to 3.8 ghz without even changing the voltage . 
  my haswell i7 is n't much faster . 
  it went from 9 to 4.2 b !!!, 
  in one month . 
  billion , not million !, 
  moab is not effective against armor , bunkerbuster would be better choice . 
  1mton of water is a billion liters . 
  1 liter is a cubic decimeter so 1 mton of water would make up a cube with side length of 100m . 
  tnt has density of 1.65 kg/l so 4.8 mt tnt equivalent is three cubes , each with 100m side length . 
  that 's a lot . 
  it 's one of the more modern ones out there . 
   it 's probably one of the last good macbooks . 
  while i agree that i should be able to upgrade ram i also think it 's a great laptop - one of the best i 've ever had . 
  i only loved old ibm t60p better . 
  works both ways . 
  i thought i ca n't gain muscle because of genetics but it turned out i should eat more . 
  i have a beacon and eggs or egg benedict every morning , pork for lunch and steak or soup every evening . 
  i do n't like cookies or sweets but i love whipped cream . 
  proper nutrition does n't mean you have to limit your food groups but is rather about moderation . 
  my bmi is below 23 with lots of muscle . 
  sorry for grammar - english is not my mother tongue . 
  / r/fitness faq is a good starting point . 
  check / r/fitness [ faq ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq#wiki_diet_details ), 
  count calories for a week to get some perspective on what you eat . 
  myfitnesspal app makes it easy . 
  i eat beacon and eggs or egg benedict every morning and steak every evening and stay in shape . 
  / r/fitness has [ more info ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/faq#wiki_diet_details ) . 
  1 . calories, 
  2 . macros, 
  secret kinda is an organisation . 
  does anyone remember how na ` vi was created ? 
  i think zerogravity , a former pro cs player , is the owner . 
  or the fact that you can have multiple computers . 
  awesome , 
  mixed - it 's either xboct or hvost . 
  _ sarcasm does n't work over internet _, 
  still waiting for vulkan . 
  the article overlooks some important details such as list capacity . 
  agree . 
  but for a list it should mention that the capacity starts from 4 by default - if there are 20 items to be added it has to allocate new array and copy data three times . 
  and also mention binarysearch . 
  try using wasd on azerty keyoard . 
  wo n't work . 
  what would you recommend ? 
  thank you for the detailed answer . 
  i did write my own engine for a specialized cad software but it 's relatively simple . 
  the amount of work that goes into creating anything on the scale of ue is simply unfathomable for me - especially when including all the neccessary editors and documentation . 
  it can be because of graphics drivers . 
  do n't blame valve on everything . 
  joindota [ agrees ] ( http://www.joindota.com/en/edb/players ) . 
  that 's actually sad :(, 
  got steam version - crashes every time there 's more than a bit of action going on . 
  keeps crashing once the war broke out . 
  took me a minute - even comments did n't help . 
  they 're running windows 7 on the retina display .
