  i 've got pretty much the same system but have to lower it to 60 % in order to get over 60fps . 
  w33 was first to 8k . 
  tyvm, 
  this is the range crosshair is set to . 
  if you set it to 75 and aim for target 150m away you have to aim much higher , this allows to compensate . 
  try again in 10 min . 
  am waiting for the servers too at this very moment . 
  yes , the servers seem to be down . 
  thank you for the peace of mind . 
  i got this asus strix 1080 card just this week and my first impression was that it 's already outdated . 
  i managed to play for an hour or so but now offline again . 
  the orange happens to be my favorite color so i enjoy it a lot . 
  have an orange upvote !, 
  i 've got industrial background and when i first saw it i thought it 's useless . 
  glad i was wrong . 
  it 's actually incorrect . 
  even when you 're traveling at speed of light the light still moves at speed of light relative to you . 
  universe is a weird place . 
   we do n't have any rules describing what would happen if they did . 
  we have the rules but it does n't make any sense . 
  everything ( mass , energy , speed ) goes imaginary . 
  your description is a good answer tho . 
  it 's really simple actually . 
  you 'll see the lorenz factor a lot in special relativity and its divisor goes to zero as you approach speed of light and imaginary when you cross it . 
  as far as addition of velocities goes even when you have two particles/rockets moving directly at each other at 0.99 c relative to you they still do n't move at speed of light relative to each other due to lorenz factor . 
  it can move very close to speed of light . 
  particles do it all the time . 
  it is a bit nonsense . 
  for something moving at the speed of light time stops . 
  ligth particles are actually absorbed the very moment they are emitted - in four dimentional spacetime the distance ( aka interval ) between two points connected by light particle is zero . 
  to travel even faster you 'll have to go back in time i suppose . 
  there is no string.isempty ( ) function . 
  it 's weird to write code without autocomplete . 
  i once had to write code on paper and failed miserably - no autocomplete , no backspace , no line insertions , no google or help . 
  would n't recommend . 
  do n't know php well but i would guess it 's related to boxing/unboxing optimization . 
  so does an ice , whats so special about it ? 
  it was introduced in . net 4 . 
  chances are the old program is in . net 2 or 3.5 . 
  in this application i would prefer decimal.tryprase ( txthours.text , out hours ) . 
  glad someone mentioned that . 
  do n't know why you 're downvoted . 
  there 's one in nearby shopping center and have a small child . 
  will investigate . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  l'hospital is used to calculate relative value at limits . 
  exactly this situation . 
  edit : mathematical proof :, 
  edit2 : zimbabwe dollar actually approached infinity but 10 ^ 14 20 dollar bills were still worth 20x more than 10 ^ 14 1 dollar bills . 
  do n't have any code at hand but it 's usually done in xaml by writing a cell template that binds the background to a property with a typeconverter . 
  the reason is that the cells are virtualized , in a large grid the invisible cells are only initialized when they are scrolled into the view . 
  the `` library flaws '' chapter hilights nullreferenceexception and provides alternatives . 
  the `` other library flaws '' chapter just enumerates common problems but does n't provide alternatives . 
  quite arrogant considering his books are blatant ripoffs of existing mythology . 
  the sopistication in the games is far beyond the books . 
  how about when you consider whole system ? 
  lh2 requires bigger tanks due lower density and lower boiling point . 
  entry requires heat shield so it has to be head first . 
  eventually someone will be angry when the flight to mars is delayed and he has to spend the night in spaceport . 
  i expected roar not hiss . 
  analog tech . 
  modern ai is better suited for analog anyway , on digital cpus we just emulate analog circuits . 
  neural networks do n't require transistors . 
  memristor is better suited for the task . 
  afaik there 's no vr specific hardware in phones . 
  more likely gathering training data for a convolutional neural network . 
  quite difficult actually , you would have to beat cd project !, 
  so make a switch . 
  i would gladly forget how long is english mile . 
  he will accept if you want 1 gold for it . 
  weird but works . 
   the infrastructure in places like the uk is well established and the price for high speed connections is really low because it is a very competitive market . 
  i chose some random postcodes in uk ( conventry , london , cambridge ) and the fastest connection was only 200 mbps for 55 pounds . 
  spacex promises gigabit connection . 
   typical dead man 's switch does n't work while you 're sleeping since you have to hold it closed, 
  maybe he stuck it down there ... 
  this solar plant is built next to a hydro plant with 1280 mw capacity but its reservoir covers 383 km ^ 2 . 
  the solar plant is both safer and more efficient . 
  looks like regular momentum to me . 
  the back of the chain is moving up at high velocity and retains this momentum even when the gear is no longer supporting it . 
  acivement unlocked : pit boss . 
  show the bit whose boss . 
  lots of adas manufacturers use consumer parts because performance of automotive parts is only now getting there . 
  looking at todays news it seems there 's no humanity left in this part of the world . 
  innovation is part of spacex dna . 
  it 's what brought them here and will propel to mars . 
  i hope they have courage to keep pushing forward . 
   i think in general it is defined as when you are brain dead since the body so merely a vessel for your brain . 
  i do n't throw away pc when it bsods even though it is merely a vessel for software . 
  we declare a person with no brain activity dead because we do n't know how to fix it . 
  if we would find a defibrillator for brain we 're back at square one . 
  fair point but let 's take it further . 
  today we define death as a cascade of organ failures and decision boundary is where it becomes irreversible . 
  as long as we can bring you back to life you 're alive . 
  say you 're a billionaire and the cost of keeping your alive is irrelevant . 
  what matters tho is it your inheritance . 
  if we could transfer your conciseness to a computer would you still be alive ? 
  you could argue that you feel very much alive but your creditors will claim that 's just computer talking . 
  would powering off the computer be murder ? 
  if you replace your body parts one by one at wich point you stop being you ?
