my moment was also in caspian gas station and also as a support . 
  i just came out of a massive firefight against 2 ruskies attacking the point and was waiting until hp started to regenerate . 
  so while i was sitting there doing nothing i thought i might as well lay down some c4 for tank fishing . 
  just as i finished a helicopter came around , the driver wanted to capture the point and hovered above it . 
  after a few seconds he thought it 's clear and descended until 10m from ground or so . . just over my c4 . 
  i was itching for a gun but thought what the hell . . and blew up the c4 . 
  unfortunately the c4 only disabled the helicopter and it came down . 
  the pilot came out , and started fixing it . 
  meanwhile i managed to run to the helicopter from the other side and put some fresh c4 on it . 
  the rest was pure joy . . 
  i waited until the copter gathered some height and blew it to smithereens . 
  sorry about my english . 
  for those who want over saturated bf3 - look into nvidia control panel options . 
  what typo ? 
  had i7-920 at stock clock and gtx285 . 
  could also run the bf3 just fine but i wanted dx11 so i bought a gtx570 ( $ 314 ) . 
  this ran bf3 just fine and i got 50ish fps at ultra w/o msaa . 
  my small computer case was full to the brink after i installed the update and ran quite hot so i got a new case coolermaster haf-x ( ~ $ 150 ) . 
  after case upgrade i clocked my cpu to 3.7 ghz ( ram did not allow more ) and got another gtx570 for good measure . 
  so in total i spent ~ $ 680 which makes it $ 860 . 
  so more than you did . 
  edit : i forgot the $ 50 i spent for bf3 itself and # 20 for bf : bc to make waiting easier . 
  he mentioned photo and video editing , he needs as much storage as he can get . 
  carmack is an old god , rage was a flop from visuals point of view . 
  he 's a creative genius but the cream of his attention goes into rocketry . 
  pc can never be as standardized as xbox . 
  the dx itself is a major push torwards standardizing but you ca n't push the pc to the same limits as you can push your xbox because pcs are physically different . 
  the competition between hardware manufacturers have pushed the performance up and prices down and keeps the pc evolving . 
  if it were n't the pc then you would n't have the xbox and if the pc had n't evolved into new heights since the release of xbox you would still play on original xbox . 
  you ca n't expect everyone to put out $ 3000 for a pc but i would like to be able to build a pretty damn good gaming rig . 
  when i bought my pc 3 years ago i made sure that i can use it for my phd project ( i run quite heavy numerical experiments ) . 
  all the upgrades i made to it were to make it a better gaming computer . 
  i had initial doubts about shelling out all the money but my gf said it best :, 
  `` you should get some fun out from your earnings '', 
  ( sounds better in original language ), 
  you probably got a great run out of your 8800 ultra . 
  how long did you have it ? 
  he 's not complaining . 
  do n't be so precise when converting . 
  rules of thumb :, 
  1 meter = 3 feet = 40 inches, 
  also, 
  i 've got an msc in engineering physics . 
  60 is children sauna, 
  80 is womens sauna, 
  100 is the boiling point, 
  -40 c = -40 f is not too bad when it 's not windy . 
  it reminds me that my father once broke hes ear when he was playing football during winter . 
  we call them decimeters . 
  or how many cubic inches are in cubic feet ? 
  you 're doing the rounding wrong . 
  if you 're saying 2 feet it then in engineering it means somewhere between 1.5 to 2.4 feet . 
  as such you should n't round to two numbers and hence the two feet is about half a meter . 
  half a meter is n't any harder to imagine that two feet . 
  i guess it 's not a big problem . 
  gb is an island , japan is an island , australia is in the middle of an ocean and in india and pakistan they probably think the traffic rules are for pussies anyways . 
  it 's easy to build a one bit memory out of few atoms . 
  if the atoms are there the bit is true otherwise false . 
  i believe they built more than one bit . 
  actually caring about customers . 
  the valve is owned by it 's workers and they do what they love to do . 
  there are tons of stuff that valve does to it 's customers through steam that deserves community love . 
  and the steam works . 
  i 'm from estonia , atheism is a norm in here ( only 16 % believe in god ) . 
  there are discussions here about teaching religions in school but the arguments differ . 
  we accept religion as our cultural heritage and in our schools the religion lessons include all major religions and they focus on history . 
  the times will change but the discussions about religion will remain . 
  i 'm clueless too . 
  there are too many possibilities of what it could mean . 
  prepare yourself before you move . 
  by your standards there are three months of winter and it gets worse from there . 
  by the time i reached the end of your sentence i already forgot what is started with . 
  tried many times but i just ca n't comprehend it . 
  oh do n't bring it up again . 
  it has one of the longest threads in steam forums and there was no agreement on the result . 
  both solutions have good arguments for them . 
  for additional reading on topic i would suggest a. einsteins relativity : http://www.marxists.org/reference/archive/einstein/works/1910s/relative/relativity.pdf, 
  despite all the criticism at source engine this is the part of it i like . 
  they keep updating the engine and the old games get boost from it . 
  if you turn upside-down in it you 'll drown . 
  game is fun but there 's no multiplayer anymore . 
  codemasters put the servers offline . 
  wait until you hit an exam season . 
  i have studied for 5 straight days without sleep just to give on exam on wednesday and another in friday and that was no big deal . 
  there 's difference between mathematics and physics . 
  even tho the full mandelbrot set can contain infinite amount of information the actual universe ca n't . 
  in physics if probability of something happening is so low that it have n't happened in this universe or probably wo n't happen in during lifetime of this universe then we consider it impossible . 
  you 'll have to draw the line somewhere . 
  use nvidia control panel desktop color settings . 
  i thought sms was a ripoff . 
  back in the days i used to play [ uncharted waters : new horizons ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncharted_waters ) a lot , it was my favorite game and i still play it from time to time . 
  i took me at least 24 hours to complete a game and there was no save games because the battery was dead . 
  when i died i slept a bit and started all over again . 
  to add insult to the injury the game crashed every time a pirate ship rammed me in combat and initiated a duel - at least twice it happened when i was more than 18 hours into the game . 
  it was n't even a hardcore mode - it was the only mode . 
  you 're not supposed to stay alive killing others for whole round . 
  igla vs aircraft is 1 vs 1 battle between two combatants and the engineer has to have an edge in this battle just as tank has an edge against engineer and jet has an edge against tank . 
  do you like counter strike ? 
  you , sir , are mistaken . 
  we use the correct order .
