  the list is a reference type ; you keep adding the same list to the dictionary . 
  the list that you clear after every row . 
  try this :, 
  int count = 0 ;, 
  dictionary < int , list < string   recordvalues = new dictionary < int , list < string   ( ) ;, 
  foreach ( datarow row in data.rows ), 
  list < string  values = new list < string  ( ) ;, 
  foreach ( datacolumn col in data.columns ), 
  values.add ( row [ col ] . tostring ( ) ) ;, 
  recordvalues.add ( count , values ) ;, 
  count + + ;, 
  create an array of object . 
  source 2 supports vulcan which is similar to metal . 
  i 've been developing software for 15 years and am wondering at the same thing . 
  you 're confusing simd and 64bit . 
   these guys are the 1 % of the 1 %, 
  edit : actually calculated . 
  those guys are 5 % of 1 % of 1 % ( there are 55 7k players and 10,818,971 unique players ), 
  i do n't see much difference - with automatic you play with brake pedal , with manual with clutch pedal . 
  i do n't really care what box the car has as long it 's not horrible . 
  nothing stops riot from moving to unreal engine 4 . 
  aim higher - they could take cryengine 3 or ue4 or whatever they want !, 
  dialup is 56kbps , this was considered broadband . 
  old laptops . 
  losing some fat is quite sufficient . 
  everything that supports mantle ( battlefield , dragon age , civilization be ) should be easy to port . 
  970m and 980m are already incredible - quite comparable to desktop counterparts . 
   can we all take a step back and appreciate that the ceo of this company is tweeting relevant engineering data within hours of this happening, 
  i can appreciate a ceo who can understand the relevant engineering data, 
  the i7 would last a decade but [ he 'll need the 980ti for stable 60fps today ] ( http://www.techspot.com/review/1006-the-witcher-3-benchmarks/page4.html ) . 
  got 300/300 mbps connection and hdd is actually limiting it . 
  random write perf is typically less than stellar . 
  [ similar ] ( http://bash.org/?4780 ), 
  for that money you could get something like [ this ] ( http://ark.intel.com/products/75283/intel-xeon-processor-e5-2697-v2-30m-cache-2_70-ghz ) with 12 cores / 24 threads . 
  also 12 cores is 100 % more cores than xbox one . 
  nice !, 
  we used cloth hangers, 
  you could use kodi plugin for streaming without chat . 
  it 's much faster and works better with poor network conditions . 
  shave there . 
  much easier with boner . 
  i presume this can be done by graphic designers without having to talk to developers . 
  proper ships should be easy to implement in code but not having to converse with an overloaded programmer is worth some extra effort . 
  game of thrones theme , 
  source for his song :, 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 '' too and it looked pretty normal . 
  here in north i do n't feel like tall at all but whenever i travel to south ( does n't even matter is it us , eu or china ) it feels exactly like that . 
  valve is working on vulkan driver for intel , it should be much faster . 
  vulkan is rumored to be released in siggraph in august . 
  64 heroes so far . 
  source : datdota . 
  upvote for mechanical keyboard !, 
  have n't tested new vegas but with fallout 3 the windows even warns you abot the windows live requirement and offers you to install it . 
  just install it - there 's no need to log in - and you are ready to go . 
  you 'll have it soon . 
  + invalid outlen checks . 
  it is quite expensive from performance perspective . 
  if path planning for one quest takes say 0.2 s then opening a menu with 50 guests takes 10s . 
  not cool . 
  path planning is actually very expensive - 0.2 s was a conservative estimation . 
  continously updating the path is cheaper but it puts pressure on memory . 
  this is one of the features modders can afford to implement but devs hesitate . 
  that would work . 
   also odds are they will be in a box that is organized smallest to largest so once again it wo n't matter . 
  it matters when you have to drill holes according to a drawing . 
   magnetic charger, 
  i see what you did there :d, 
   most people agree macs are damn good , but they 're a lot more expensive than they should be . 
  for me they 're filling the niche left empty by ibm . 
  those were damn good but expensive . 
   there is no theoretical reason why you ca n't have a bootable game that runs directly on the metal , and think of the performance and frames . 
  you mean like in playstation ? 
  console games are closer to the metal because there 's just one hardware target . 
  a pc game has to support all kinds of hardware and this is done through abstraction layers ideally provided by operating system . 
  for me the pc is about choice - i can choose the parts , price point and form factor . 
  source ? 
  tl ; dr : `` arteezy is not from what i 've read and seen , wrong on any of the matters he 's touched on . 
  all in all , the things i 've seen him write or talk about are not false , nor are they heavily biased but they are mostly true . 
  much of kuro 's statement is misleading and only serves to shift the blame away from him . '', 
  this `` independent '' research was funded by the party that relies heavily on votes from elderly people . 
  they do whatever they can to discredit the system and would like to ban it altogether . 
  when russia tried to ddos estonia in 2007 they just moved the relevant services to akamai network and wished russians good luck , 
  e-voting happens during 2 weeks before actual voting day . 
  after you e-vote you can still go to the voting booth and change your vote . 
  the paper vote will override the e-vote . 
  if an insane administration wants you killed you will be killed one way or the other . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  all things considered - i 'm quite happy with our government . 
  most of our parties are `` decent '' and it could definitely be much worse . 
  even tho the party i voted for is currently not part of the cabinet the other options are ok too . 
  edit : i often see many members of the cabinet at various sporting events or festivals . 
  the seem normal . 
   they also offer e-citizenship, 
  * e-residency, 
  yup . 
  they even know how much i owe in taxes . 
  i just have to click ok . 
  you can always cast a paper vote on election date . 
  it will override e-vote . 
  oh . . the skynet will be very dissapointed when it takes over .
