  just do n't twist the cable when you plug it in . 
  edit : nevermind - it does n't unplug easily . 
  ar n't bose-einstein condensates and superconductivity/superfluidity related ? 
  3 years , same . 
  it 's now difficult to follow pro matches because heroes have changed - do n't know or remember the abilities and items any more . 
  according to anandtech nvidia will support kepler gpus and newer which means some gt630 versions will work and some wo n't . 
  wikipedia gives a good overview - if code name starts with gk it will support it , gf will be unsupported . 
  easy way to find out :, 
  unreal engine now has support for vulkan meaning it also supports it on desktop . 
  i would n't mind a fresh orange box to promote the sales . 
  hl3 and l4d follow ups have been in works for some time now . 
  rainbow is also black on the inside and white on the outside . 
   livestreamer, 
  kodi with twitch.tv plugin is more user friendly . 
  he is mistaken on one thing - valve does not have a monopoly on moba scene . 
  there are others bigger than dota and a mass migration would mean big trouble to some people inside valve . 
  our voice does matter . 
  saw it too but then the vulkan driver came out same day and it was changed to `` official graphics hardware for the frankfurt major '', 
  bsod can only be caused by kernelspace module e.g. 
  drivers or drm and such . 
  there 's a lot of hype around the topic but there 's one thing deep learning does well - pattern matching and classification . 
  incidentally it 's one of the things humans are good at but computers have thus far been lacking . 
  there are more such areas e.g.reverse kinematics , path planning or creativity . 
  our jobs are safe for now . 
  deep learning works like magic ( not joking ) in areas like speech recognition , pedestrian detection or playing mario . 
  it does n't make building robots any easier nor does it build bridges any time soon . 
  source : been using deep learning for around 10 years , back from when lecun was still focusing on ocr tasks and only started with object recognition . 
  i used it for aerial image processing for off-road ugv navigation tasks . 
  the objective was to use data gathered by ugv to classify imagery from uav and extrapolate gathered data to wider area . 
  it enabled our ugv to plan trajectory beyond immediate range of onboard sensors . 
  english is not my mother tongue and i 'm too tired for grammar . 
  actually 355 000 of 1tb drives . 
  all the weights in this subreddit are in lbs so i constanlty have to google for kg . 
  infuriating . 
  thank you for this . 
  he said it in an interview . 
  below 2m , 195 cm or something like that . 
  cancer is a sideeffect of life . 
  in a way its the sign of healthy environment . 
  are the short and long tonne still in use ? 
  to be twice as big it `` only '' needs to be 26 % bigger in every direction because of the cube thing . 
  refreshed list on the bottom of this page :, 
  have msc in the engineering physics subject but ca n't give much advice . 
  try at least revist the basic physics chapters of kinematics and elctrodynamics and on mechanical side statics and dynamics . 
  sure . 
  both aptitude and knowledge are important in those tests . 
  some have both , some have neither . 
  good luck !, 
  btw !, 
  who is doing the interview ? 
  do n't disrespect hvost just because he 's past his prime . 
  he used to be better than miracle is now . 
  better read the book then , 
  good luck then !, 
  it 's one of the toughest courses in the university but it also has some of the best professors . 
  take a stool and sit in a corner for two hours without internet . 
  you can bring a sandwitch and a coffe but make sure you do n't have any legroom . 
   i would think the 5820 would be better for ps and lr from the benchmarks i 've seen, 
  ca n't see why . 
  [ it 's older and slower cpu ] ( http://ark.intel.com/compare/94188,82932 ), 
  i bought a new optima recently . 
  everything is great except the badge . 
   what base would you want the log ( ) function to be ? 
  logarithm is inverse function of y = b ^ x , the base is whatever b happens to be . 
  there has to be two parameters for log ( ) function , the version that defaults to e should be ln ( ) . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  had choice between pearl and black color with 18 '' factory rims . 
  took the white one but it 's still pretty and packed with features . 
  i especially like the semiautonomous driving thing . 
  it 's exactly why everything is so complicated tbh . 
  someone made a nice and tidy ui markup language and then some clueless manager decided to implement ` template inherance ' on top of it to ` save time ' . 
   but what it you design it to jettison and it does n't ? 
  they might have a crowbar on iss . 
  i would like to give it a shot nonetheless . 
  it 's been done before e.g. 
  it 's more like a difficult task vs impossible one . 
  edit : it took many tries to land a rocket but i believe it only takes one to launch a fh . 
  can it drive hd600 ? 
  that 's agressive tho , i lost 1lbs a week and it did n't bother me . 
  you 'll see rapid progress once you get below 15 % bf . 
  as a thin guy i envy your calves . 
  that 's ape . 
  [ tesla 's mission is to accelerate the world 's transition to sustainable energy . 
  ] ( https://www.tesla.com/about ), 
  giving away patents helps with that . 
  i suspect it leaks video memory but am unsure how it can even happen . 
  maybe the video memory gets fragmented ? 
  magnets repel . 
  stick is for handle , magnet is for levitating , washer is to increase moment of inertia and spin does n't allow the magnet to turn over . 
  put it in a bottle and suck the air out and it 'll levitate forever . 
  it has all the same features as honda sensing . 
  both use the same mobileye tech . 
  source : 2016 optima owner . 
  correct . 
  it works as a gyroscope while spinning . 
  no , more like pocket size one . 
  money have value because people blieve in it . 
  same for tesla . 
  he was 7k on the day mmr list was made public . 
  what ingame resolution you are using ?
