  they might have something in their labs . 
   normal temps are around 70 to 90 celsius degrees, 
  more like hotel saunas . 
  normal finnish saunas are in between 90 and 120 . 
  and humidity is around 100 % and more ( water is thrown onto the stove ) . 
  for me personally 100 is the sweet spot . 
  the snow is the indication that you should grab a coat . 
  as an engineer i would n't trust my own creation . 
  i mean the brakes engineer has seen all the failed prototypes and knows too well how easily they can fail . 
  i would rather guess they are bunch of clueless undergrads . 
  ignorance is a bliss . 
   780ti is not going to get 60fps in all games maxed out at 1440p . 
  only bf4 and the original crysis this far . 
  you should also consider the higher pixel density of 27 '' 1440p , it needs less aa . 
  my build is somewhat similar to ops and i do n't plan to overclock until unreal engine 4 games start to come out . 
  besides providing moderate boost to existing games it will enable whole new class of effects in new games . 
  i 'm quite exited on how it will be used . 
  i hope it 's lucrative enough for nvidia to swallow it 's pride and get involved . 
  otherwise it 'll be a few vendor specific effects not unlike how physicx or tessfx are used . 
  i want features that affect core gameplay ( more units , smarter ai , etc ) . 
  i know . 
  i 'm a software developer an have used the d3d api . 
  mantle frees cpu for other stuff so my point still stands . 
  the game developers target some minimum hw conf when they create a game . 
  the core gameplay must be the same on low settings and high settings . 
  the gpu scales well - you can turn down non-essential effects such as lighting , antialiasing or shadow map quality to run it on low end hw . 
  the cpu does not scale - there is ` nt much you can do to improve cpu load on low end hw . 
  until now that is . 
  the mantle aids the low end cpu enabling the developers to add more units and such . 
  carmack single handedly popularized the opengl in the 90 ' . 
  he does n't want to let go . 
  he also made point that he would like to use mantle if it was supported on more hardware , not just amd cards on pc platform . 
  you ca n't be a good scientist if you * believe * in evolution . 
  did n't realize it 's so sensitive topic for you . 
  i 'm from northen europe , from here it seems like you have one small town full of nutjobs who want to abolish science . 
  we had similar nation wide outcry when some schools wanted to teach theology . 
  not even focus on one religion but cover all major ones . 
  it did n't go through . 
  my jeb is still stuck on eve . 
  ca n't get him off there . 
  google game me this : http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/olympics/wp/2014/02/08/stuck-in-sochi-bathroom-u-s-bobsledder-johnny-quinn-smashes-door/, 
  it 's probably full of russians who complain about all those retarded americans who do n't know the normal alphabet . 
  us is weird . 
  i 'm well into 30s and am definitely not the only one watching . 
  i figured most players are 20 +, 
   if you are a bit of an audio file you might consider a stand alone sound card . 
  do n't do this . 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1rxcjuesy0, 
  wow !, 
  that 's something . 
  the valve amplifiers have historically been the best ones available ; there are plenty of audiophiles who still swear by them . 
  and these ones look cool too . 
  lot 's of power for that budget in the box . 
  next update ssd and after that you might want to get some more fans into that box . 
  there are two fans blowing out of the box ( + some extra help from cpu cooler ) and none blowing into the box . 
  it 'll get dusty fast this way - ideally you 'll want over-pressured box with more fans blowing in ( through filter ) than sucking out . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  i mean what 's wrong with maths ? 
  every result , in engineering , is represented by three numbers : value \u00b1 tolerance @ probability . 
  it is not uncommon that the tolerance is bigger than the value . 
  valve should include some uncertainty number with the mmr . 
  if no tolerances are given , then the last given number is assumed to be correct . 
  a modern cpu does ` nt just execute commands step-by-step . 
  there are optimizations that try to execute the commands in parallel whenever possible and prefetch arguments from ram ( slow op ) as needed . 
  intel is currently better at this than amd . 
  i7-920 is still a good cpu , i ran it at up to 3.8 ghz on stock voltages with third party air cooler . 
  memory speed is not that important . 
  gpu would need an update . 
  got 1440p and 780ti . 
  quite happy with it ; the only thing i ca n't max out is bf4 . 
  previous setup was 570 in sli and had all kinds of problems with it . 
  did you overclock your gpu ? 
  i 'm running stock and ca n't max bf4 . 
  got i7-4770k . 
  have to disable ht because of lag spikes tho . 
  i have global adaptive sync enabled so i do n't know how far it goes above 60 , but it definitely dips below 60fps . 
  dunno but turning ht off did help . 
  have n't touched it for a while tho , maybe it has been fixed . 
  i5 does not have hyper threading so it must be something else . 
  quite a bit compared for my 928mhz default boost clock . 
  i like bf3 more than bf4 so have n't had a good reason for overclocking yet . 
  the upside is the noise level - the hard drive is usually the noisiest part in my system . 
  not true . 
  high settings - yes , not medium . . 
  a good thing is that 27 '' 1440p has high pixel density - high enough that it does not bother much if you run a game at lower resolution . 
  i like core parking everywhere except in bf4 . 
  it makes computer less noisy . 
  in fact , i like core parking more than bf4 . 
  there are lots of things i like more than bf4 tho . 
  he should make a russian announcer with personality . 
  100 + hz tvs have built-in smoothing functions that add extra frames . 
  it also adds latency ( over 50ms ) . 
  nope . 
  the two are in completely different league . 
  you can tune your software for some specific hardware and make it run faster , but not that much . 
  lions share of the computing capacity goes into the functions that are pretty much identical on both platforms and there is n't much you can do to optimize them any further . 
  there are some exceptions though - like the id tech 5 megatextures that benefit from shared memory . 
  can you turn this cpu cooler by 90 degrees ? 
  it would allow the side vent to pull air through the cpu radiator and improve the performance of the cpu vent . 
  i 'm tall and slender .
