  c++ amp ( google it ) is just a start , it gets better and easier . 
  the sun for instance . 
  supernovas . 
  lots of stuff . 
  if you have an array of structs than you can simply declare the struct in opencl program and access it as you would in c. 
  the gpu programming is way bigger headache that you may think . 
  to get anywhere near the peak performance you 'll have to worry about memory access patterns and whatnot . 
  most of the articles on the topic of gpu acceleration of a random method report about 2 . .10 times performance increase over cpu . 
  that 's less than 10 % of the theoretical capacity . 
  i 'm not trying to discourage you , just stating that it 's not as easy as amd or nvidia would like you to believe . 
  i am sure it gets easier as both gpus and programming languages evolve . 
  defenitely worth it . 
  i 'm not sure about photoshop or cuda , but nvidia does not support shared data contexts with opencl . 
  i am very sceptical if there are many programs that support gpu compute on sli . 
  i would take one gpu with as much memory as possible for compute . 
  newton said it best : `` for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction '' . 
  i would n't apply newtonian mechanics near black hole tho , general relativity is much more appropriate . 
  have you noticed the machmaking does not place you with players above your skill level ? 
  there are 10 types of people in this world , those who understand binary and those who do n't . 
  amd cores are scalar , but nvidia cores perform vector operations . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure about kepler tho . 
  hes russian is pretty good too . 
  where 's the other shoe ? 
  i do n't think the cpu and motherboard are compatible . 
  i would suggest using asus z87-a or z97-plus ( ordered for myself just a couple of hours ago ) . 
  edit : the suggested motherboards do n't fit into your case . 
  afaik the itx motherboards for haswell are not out yet . 
  looks good for my untrained eye . 
  i 'm not too sure about the power supply , the 550w seems lowish , but i might just work . 
  i hope anyone else can give you a second opinion on that . 
  gtx 295 is still a good card , not that much slower than the 660ti . 
  i see two major problems with it :, 
  it does not support dx11 . 
  it has limited memory which is a problem when you use high resolutions . 
  there 's a comparison of gpus on [ tom 's hardware ] ( http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/gaming-graphics-card-review,3107-7.html ) . 
  according to the `` gpu hierarchy chart '' it only makes sense to upgrade to gtx680 or better . 
  source : i had gtx285 in sli . 
  the latest and greatest is [ not that much faster ] ( http://www.anandtech.com/bench/product/142?vs=443 ) . 
  if the money is issue at all i would go with the new mobo . 
  the new model consumes less power . 
  also the motherboards support new techs such as 6gbps sata ports or usb3 . 
  i do n't like the monitor ; a 27 '' monitor should have resolution of 2560x1440 . 
  for running games at that resolution you 'll need a graphics card with more memory ( 2gb should be ok ) . 
  yes . 
  1gb is sufficient for 1080p . 
  also , go with 23 '' monitor for 1080p , the image quality is better that way . 
  newegg does not ship to estonia . 
  do you have an update on this ? 
  i 've got hyper 212 evo cooler and it goes to 70 degrees on stock clock . 
  what 's a good benchmark for haswell ? 
  did you reapply the thermal paste ? 
  did it help ? 
  i could n't overclock my cpu ; the system was n't stable even at 4.1 ghz and 1.3 v. 
  the prime95 ran just fine but random things such as opening applications crashed my computer . 
  also , the temps went up , but the cooler is still cool - even the copper parts are not hot . 
  i wonder if it 's the paste . 
  already tried to reapply , but did not help . 
  yes , my chip is also 4770k . 
  my previous cpu was 2.66 ghz i7-920 , i could overclock it to 3.8 ghz on stock voltage . 
  so 40 % overclock on air . 
  i figured if i buy a good motherboard i would easily get 4.6 ghz from the new cpu , but so far i have n't had any luck . 
  the new cpu is barely faster than the old one is . 
  the big selling point was the motherboard - all the ports and buses have seen an upgrade during the 5 year period . 
  i 'm especially happy about the 6 fan headers i have on the new mobo , the computer is virtually silent now when idle . 
  it was quite silent before too as it has big slow fans , but now it 's something else . 
  i 'm using asus z87-plus . 
  not the top end but it has tons of features for a good price . 
  i got 3.8 ghz on stock voltage and stock cooler , so it 's definitely possible ( d0 tho ) . 
  that is one small man . 
  i ca n't get past 4.1 :(, 
  it 's kinda strange . 
  i 've got pretty good cooling solution ( hyper 212evo in well ventilated case ) , but when i overclock it crashes on random actions like launching an application . 
  i can run prime95 for extended periods , but then when i launch stream it crashes . 
  also my motherboard comes with overclocking utility , but my computer ca n't even get through the first pass . 
  i guess i lost the cpu lottery . 
  my previous cpu was i7-920 which i overclocked to 3.8 ghz without raising voltage . 
  the upgrade is barely any faster . 
  do n't worry about me tho , i posted here to cheer you up . 
  you did n't get the worst cpu out there . 
  i definitely won that lottery , the old cpu was a jackpot . 
  it lasted me 5 years and the main reason i upgraded was the motherboard - it lacked usb3 , sata3 , pcie3 , etc. 
  did lots of science on that too - squeezed every bit of performance out of it for my project . 
  i second to that . 
  looking forward to replace my 570 sli for a single card that can beat it . 
  titan is too expensive for me , heard amd will ship new cards in october . 
  peripherals - better keyboard , mouse , monitor . . maybe gamepad or oculus rift . 
  welcome to buildapc then , 
  the performance is there but i personally would try to squeeze an ssd in . 
  a 128gb one should be sufficient for op system and apps . 
  as of monitors , i 'm a big fan of dell ultrasharp series of ips monitors . 
  i have an u2312hm and also an u2713h . 
  right . 
  set the steam folder ( and other games ) to hdd and everything else to ssd . 
  i recently upgraded my i7-920 to i7-4770k . 
  the 920 overclocked like a beast - could hit 3.8 ghz on stock voltage . 
  the 4770k on the other hand barely overclocks - max i got is 4.1 ghz . 
  there 's barely any difference when i upgraded from older cpu to haswell . 
  the old i7 was as fast as anything amd has to offer , performance is not the reason for upgrade . 
  at least 500w power supply . 
  the build seems balanced .
