  windows 7 does n't scale well and everything is tiny . 
  they 're running windows 7 on high dpi screen . 
  it does n't scale well . 
  windows 7 . 
  retina screen . 
  windows 7 does n't scale well . 
  windows 8 + are ok . 
  what 's your spec ? 
  also - i 'm hoping vulkan support is coming with steam machines . 
  oh . . that 's just brutal !, 
  by extension he is claiming that console sw is 90 % faster than windows on the same hardware . 
  that would put ps4 into r9-390 territory . 
   ( or something so small that i dont know how to call it ), 
  does n't really matter ; ping is not the only latency in the system . 
  once you get below say 10ms you 'll also have to consider monitor latency and input latency and processing latencies which are significant . 
  sarcasm does n't work over internet . 
  upvoted for scientific correctness . 
  statistics, 
  * ca n't remap controls properly . 
  i thought black holes only are a few meters in diameter . 
  however , the event horizon is much larger . 
  i also thought that more massive ones are smaller . 
  i majored in _ engineering _ physics . 
  we only had like one subject on relativity/astrophysics . 
  i would like to learn more on the topic . 
  good for filet mignon , tartar and carpaccio . 
  not good for steak . 
  rib-eye is better for steak . 
  sounds like memory or cpu bottleneck . 
  edit : please log cpu temp/clocks during the game . 
  it might help . 
  the ravenholm level in hl2 . 
  back in my days we had books !, 
  not even buttons . 
  testing different captain ? 
  they did it last year . 
  the semi can decelerate during breaking with 0,3 g - it 's the first answer from google and agrees with my first guess . 
  it means the rack would need to withstand 54000n of force so your guess is right . 
  the impact energy is absorbed through deformation of rack and payload . 
  squats . 
  ca n't find any low pressure phase diagrams for oxygen . 
  can you comment on how much does the pressure affect melting point ? 
  theres 's a crack in the body but engines look ok . elon posted a video from lz1 . 
  i always assumed they 'll be using used first stage engines in second stage . 
  in this case each engine has to fly ten times . 
   it took me way too long to realize this was n't about georgia the american state . 
  an estonian here . 
  was similarly confused when my friend visited athens in georgia in america . 
   a lot of us still think barges are a temporary solution, 
  there are alternatives such as launching from say bahamas and land on an island . 
  given that reliability tends to follow bathtube curve i would n't be surprised if an used core will be more valuable than a new one . 
  it has been proved to be free of birth defects . 
  do you happen have a source for that ? 
   conversely , spacex has attempted to go from nothing to rapid expansion in a relatively short time frame , breaking into an industry with enormously large barriers to entry, 
  just as apple did with ipod/itunes & music industry . 
  they still have the manpower and they produce their own parts . 
  the athens that is in georgia ? 
  some training is definitely needed ; use of styles is a bare minimum in word . 
  also excel has some tricks with lookup , linest , etc commands . 
  we 've got student satellite project in our department of mechatronics . 
  if a 1kg cube satellite price would drop to below $ 1000 we would include it in curriculum and send a few of them up in every semester . 
  i bet we would n't be the only ones . 
  that 's actually decent for adsl . 
  edit : it sucks because it 's oslo . 
  you have faster options , 
  mostly gaming , 
  he 's actually my nephew . 
  thank you !, 
  help much appreciated , 
  paint it golden and call it trumpmobile . 
  that 's sad , not funny . 
   fuel economy, 
   torque/horsepower, 
  sufficient . 
  i was referencing a rolls-royce pamphlet that in place of power said `` sufficient '' . 
   now , if one coin keeps coming up heads , you might want to check if it does indeed have 50/50 odds ... 
  [ serious ], 
  how can it be checked when it keeps coming up heads ? 
  the vulkan api release date is imminent - probably in january . 
  valve may be waiting for release annoucement before releasing the sopposedly faster version . 
  what if the life is similar to ours ? 
  how can we sure we did n't bring it there ? 
  depends . 
  does it come with hl3 ? 
   eastern europe sick of the white guilt . 
  an estonian here - had to google _ white guilt _, 
  engineers build to last , scientists build to learn . 
  a good engineer is also a scientist . 
  been once . 
  failed to choose a right tempo and finished last with a pack of 10y old children ( who finished in 25 min ) . 
  it is hard . 
  i should add i 'm quite fit . 
  i work out 4 times a week and one of the workouts is 10k to 15k run . 
  my attitude going into the race was it should be a piece of cake . 
  it was n't . 
  to anyone watching netflix over hotel wifi : fuck you !, 
  why waste so much material ? 
   19.2 % if you include non-voters, 
  technically you assume too much . 
  brilliant !,
