  if not , what was asked before ? 
  but either way , it 's a 6/7 year old survey . 
  i agree with you , do n't get me wrong . 
  but the question is not well phrased and does n't take into consideration the population 's opinions on eu . 
  * `` across europe '' * that makes the euro-sceptic crowd to say that `` no , the eu should not legislate something of this nature . '', 
  indeed, 
  not only is old , the question is poor . 
  the question is the problem . 
  well , in this case the eu and the us are on equal standing . 
  some eu members states approve it , some do n't . 
  same thing with the us . 
  the statistics might probably are skewed in favour of the anti gay marriage crowd due to scepticism since it says `` through out europe . '', 
  it would be like saying `` should the us govt impose a federal law on same gender marriage ? '', 
  you are welcome too !, 
  nothing really . 
  i really do n't like his positions on most things , but lately due to all of the uk out of the eu thing , there 's an anti-cameron feeling around / r/europe, 
  erm ... sure ... yeah let 's go with that . 
  as good of a reason as to spread religion . 
  we will never forget each other !, 
  and one day , they will all be under our rule again !, 
   well , then they do have a strong positionn , at least a lot stronger than in a lot of other countries , even if they fail to transform it to political influence . 
  not really , this comes from the revolution . 
  overall we still have a separation of church and state , this is just something that has n't changed because it 's engraved in our constitution and to change it , said christian party would have to vote because they 're the 3rd biggest party ( and it 's not because they are christian , they say this out loud very rarely ) . 
  besides , it 's not mandatory . 
  what you do n't seam to understand is the political importance such movements would gain the moment their central government would support such move from somewhere else . 
  i thought his speech was really good . 
  i do n't agree with him , but that 's because i 'm a liberal and a federalist , but the speech was really good , and he does point out some things that do need to change . 
  have an upvote for quoting cameron on a positive note . 
  it 's hard to find such thing these days around here . 
  the church has a historic strong position . 
  does n't mean they actually have a strong political one at the moment . 
  i can speak for portugal where we actually still teach catholicism in schools and the govt . 
  pays a priest to do so . 
  the churches are empty , and the only catholic party that claims to be one , though voting against the gay marriage , is lead by a closet gay man who at the moment is our minister of foreign affairs . 
    \u0ca0_\u0ca0  it 's true , like it or not . 
  so , my country who actually had to ask for financial help ( contrary to spain ) is not very liked ? 
  nor is ireland , and greece and what about italy ? 
  are we all disliked `` down '' here ? 
  because if it 's because we 're in the south , ireland it up north , are they disliked too ? 
    if scotland get independence from the uk while the uk is still in the eu , no one will ever vote in favour of it 's acceptance . 
   you are insane buddy , there 's no way in hell scotland is going to be rejected from the eu . 
  ** the only people who might consider objecting are the spanish ** , but politically speaking they 're in no position to start unilaterally objecting to an accession which will be recognised as a mere formality . 
  i see . 
  you do n't know there are separatist movements in france too , or belgium , or finland , or germany , or even netherlands . 
  yeah buddy , you might have had a movie made for you cause , but make no mistake , you 're not alone !, 
  we are in debt as fuck , but we welcome any of you who wants to get over here !, 
   white and normal lifestyle to ourselves what 's that ? 
  if scotland get independence from the uk while the uk is still in the eu , no one will ever vote in favour of it 's acceptance . 
  the whole project is about maintaining an alliance , not antagonizing each others . 
   it 'd make them a pariah in the entire eu , and they 're already not so popular due to being a broke southern country . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 edit : and you need to be approved unanimously to be allowed to join by the way . 
  yeah , what that does n't tell you is how much in debt they are . 
  like , a population of 250k owes 2 billion with a gdp of 6 billion . 
  and lest 's not get into how much money it 's pored into the islands every year since 1976 . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i think that being a part of portugal they deserve financial help and all , and there 's no such thing as discrimination towards any insular , we 're all portuguese . 
  but let 's not bite in the hand that feeds ... edit : the 2 billion were the part being hidden from the central government and that was later found . 
  before that they had asked for financial help already . 
  not really ... you just made it a lot easier . 
  keep it !, 
  i 'm sorry but , not really . 
  countries who have separatist moves would never allow you to join the eu . 
  you think spain would give you an ok vote to enter while at the same time trying to keep catalonia or the basque country ? 
  plus the name is amazing !, 
  the horns are cool though ... we should get a bird with horns as a symbol of the eu ... edit : ` ropa fuck yeah !, 
  no no , their president wants to get rid of us . 
   oh and there was a train crash recently . 
  there was ? 
  i do n't want to one up you since your statement comes from a * joke * , but that said , tell me how you fight your wildfires or the heat waves that every year strike your country with temperatures over 40\u00bac ? 
  i 'm sure we 're as organized and efficient as we need to be . 
  join the club . 
  the last weekend storm brought a whole new theme to the news , but before that it 's been economy 24/7 . 
  i think i 've learned more about macro economics in the news than in 3 years of school . 
   it 's gotten really windy , we 're not used to it , okay ?!, 
  this . 
  the opening news last sunday was a bunch of trees that fell ... yeah we do n't understand how people live up north . 
  wind , cold and snow ... jebus !, 
  it 's times like these that it really feels good to be european . 
  it 's been 2 days here ... 
  [ that exam ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8nh48.gif ) huzzah for letters !!, 
  guessing you 're around your 20 's , i 'd say yeah ... 
  i had to read the explanation ... 
  i thought the french one was just a mistake . 
  we 're sorry your first experience was shm . 
  indeed , or even confederacy . 
  and we do n't even need to look too far from home to see a long lasting federation . 
  not entirely  in all eu legal texts , the nominative singular spelling must be ` euro ' in all languages ( ' \u03b5\u03c5\u03c1\u03ce ' in greek alphabet ; ' \u0435\u0432\u0440\u043e ' in cyrillic alphabet ) . 
  plural forms and declensions are accepted as long as they do not change the ` eur - ' root . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/cash/symbol/index_en.htm edit : so you can say euro or euros or cent or cents . 
  to me , and most people i know , the plural is more suited . 
  i really do n't think there any better alternatives . 
  this is the best opportunity , in my opinion , to move to a full federalization , or at least to put a project on the table with that goal . 
  in my opinion , its now or never . 
  you know stuff is bad when this is the only thing improving on the report :  on the positive side , the unadjusted gender pay gap in the eu declined between 2008 and 2010 on average , from 17.3 % to 16.2 % . 
  this decline appears to be a side effect of the crisis on the composition of the workforce , with male-dominated sectors losing ground relatively more than female-dominated ones and more men accepting part-time and temporary jobs . 
   the french opposition to gay marriage , which contains mainly religious corner , the last few months swollen and support for legalization has since declined . 
  a poll is currently 52 percent of the french population still for legalization . 
  in august figure was 65 percent . 
  how is it possible to have a 13 % approval drop in less then 6 months ? 
  was there some scary campaign adds or something ?
