   are you talking about a brazilian wax ? 
  yes !, 
  never been with a woman with pubs ... 
  galecian women i tell you !, 
  down here , our moor women have no single hair in their private parts !, 
  and starting colonialism ... 
   portugal : depressed despite the sunshine , play fado and drink red wine while watching the sun go down and reminisce about everything that went wrong in their lives actual truth , not a stereotype ... 
   portugal - hairy women really ? 
  winter time ? 
  oviedo , spain . 
  it 's just an amazing city when it 's covered in snow !, 
  yeah likely . 
  you galicians are weird !, 
  i swear i never heard anyone saying the boas . 
  and where the language that really matters is english ... 
  i think everyone can agree on that . 
  that worked thanks, 
  well it 's portuguese not portugal . 
  and they kinda have 20 times more people than we do . 
  i really do n't think you 'll get to the fiscal cliff . 
  obama is too much of a good guy to let that happen . 
  i think he would first give in and `` save '' the economy than call the gop on their bluff . 
  and that 's because he knows the gop is not bluffing . 
  i ca n't read anything from the nytimes this month anymore , can anyone summarize the gist of the article ? 
  the portuguese woman must be little like a sardine !, 
  he 's being serious at the moment ... 
  this is true, 
  cod ... cod , cod , cod , cod , cod , cod , cod , cod . 
  we do love cod . 
  i had cod for dinner yesterday , ca n't wait for xmas , which has cod has a special dish . 
  i 'm actually in the process of quitting coffee and tea is indeed much better . 
  although , it 's way more expensive . 
  but it was a good try . 
  have an up vote . 
  that rock is really important for the brits is n't it ? 
  i ca n't really say for them , but in portugal we say `` nuestros hermanos '' / `` nossos irm\u00e3os '' only slightly , less often than we say spain . 
  it 's a cool song, 
  latvia has the most fresh song of then all, 
  just because it 's worse in other places does n't mean it 's not bad for them too . 
  clearly , he 's using the same data source the potus , his ass ... 
  no chance since article 50 was already invoked . 
  since it happened there 's a 2 year gap for negotiations , unless all parties say they need more time . 
  otherwise after the 2 years are done , the u.k. is out of the e.u. 
  at the moment in downtown lisbon there 's 13\u00bac . 
  i 'd kill for 16 right now !, 
  only at high elevations . 
  but here in lisbon once in 2004 and 2005 ... our winter is mostly wet . 
  winter ~ ~ is coming ~ ~ arrived !, 
  to be fair , last week rained all week, 
  at least he 's not mormon, 
  no no , we get there , just not in time and all at the same time ... 
  it is known !, 
  yeah that 's the reason why she did n't left when the police warned they would charge ... 15 minutes before !, 
  she 's old !, 
  she probably did n't heard it !, 
  imo it 's collateral damage , while i feel bad for the lady and for the other people that were just peacefully in the demonstration , they heard the warning and still stood there . 
  pun intended, 
  you get the duck-tape , i 'll get the box and we 'll ship him there !, 
  well carnival was our thing and look what you 're doing with it ? 
  not that i do n't like what you 're doing with it in louisiana ... just really , look at it . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  moar boobies please !, 
  a personal union is a political conquest when the `` conquered '' people lose autonomy . 
  that was tried with portugal a few hundred years ago , but we broke free of it . 
  yay for d. jo\u00e3o i !!, 
  quake2/3 lan party with the programming teacher for the win babeh !, 
  the tax increase is a 7 % cut in everyone 's salary . 
  it 's bigger then little pleasures . 
  the over dramatization comes because it was announced to be implemented in the next governments budget to be voted on november and no one knows exactly how it will work . 
  none what so ever , the problem is in the over dramatization because there 's a demonstration against tax increases and the pm made a bad decision . 
  the country is not too corrupt ... drama queens like drama !, 
  yes no one wants the new tax increase , but calling everyone corrupt without evidence is just plain stupidity . 
  and this title stinks of it ... 
  this !, 
  statements like the ones on the title serve only to show ~ ~ you 're a kid . ~ ~ the op is a kid . 
  you want recent political crisis ? 
  well we had one 10 years ago when the president dissolved the assembly because the pm was a bitchy ass, 
  fml , even from space it 's a beautiful city ... 
  why do i agree with you so much ... 
  it 's not a cultural barrier ... 
  it 's keynian economy . 
  if someone has expendable income , it 's better for the economy that said money is used rather then kept for moral reasons . 
  if not saving for a retirement plan or some future investment , expendable income should be used to make a healthy economy . 
  not saying people should n't have something saved for some emergency . 
  just agreeing with you . 
  and i 'm from ~ ~ the south ~ ~ europe !, 
  in santos , near the train station there 's a restaurant called `` por\u00e3o de santos '' . 
  i 've been there last week with my bf and i had the best steak with mustard sauce ever . 
  two main courses ; three beers ; two chocolate mousse ; two espressos ; 17.25 $, 
  barroso 's party is now in power and implementing the reforms of the troika . 
  socrates resigned when he was forced to ask for international help and still run in the elections . 
  he lost badly and we now have a right wing coalition in portugal ( or what is right in the portuguese spectrum ) . 
  you put some real thought into this . 
  have an upvote thought i do n't really like any of the suggested places . 
  [ burn !!!, 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_li610oiaty1qetfin.gif ), 
  cctv on every corner of london and mr. blair saying while running to pm that giving every id card to every person in the uk was wrong , but changing that stance mid last turn . 
  that was a good read !, 
  i have a few brit friends and from that small pool i can say brits rock . 
  regarding your government , i do think it 's too kin to take personal freedoms away for the `` greater good '' .
