  people would be ok with fines if they feel that they were being treated with respect and everyone was equal . 
  that feeling will not happen after juncker said that france gets a budget leeway because `` it 's france '' . 
  you get it ? 
  that 's why people will remember this fine ( if it truly happens ) in 10 years if needed because the sentiment of injustice is right there . 
  people do n't want france fined too , people want equal treatement and the sentiment of justice . 
  hello son , you have diabetes ? 
  here , have these [ bolas de berlin ] ( http://myrestaurant.pt/sites/default/files/imagens/receitas/bolaberlim998524_486606558090737_1083940989_n_zps0f1c38e8.jpg ), 
  what about if you are a small country that in 2010 had  10 % deficit that was run by one incompetent prime minister that , however , followed eu 's policy to increase spending ? 
  a small country that has been doing everything that is asked for and has been decreasing consistently the deficit to the point that last year should have been 2.8 and was n't because a bailed bank that eu 's insisted to be sold last year with big loss and a injection of capital in the national bank ? 
  no one is asking for france to be sanctioned but the same way france has their reasons , other countries have them too . 
  they should hear some fado, 
  the same way that we can say that we can stop to think instead of taking a step back without looking . 
  for the same reason that almost 1m years ago people `` invented '' fire . 
  fine is not enough and we always want to improve that 's our nature . 
  yeah portugal and spain were doing fine before too . 
  since portugal joined euro the economic growth is almost zero you can argue what you want but germany is one of the countries the benefits the most from it ( euro ) . 
   the huge trade surplus does not really benefit germany i bet it benefits the ones that have trade deficit ... really ... 
  any fine is harsh because it 's unfair . 
  specially since the deficit above the limit is because of a bailed bank that eu forced to quickly sell leading to a huge loss and capital injection on the national bank so it goes by eu rules . 
  not to forget the year portugal was interventioned by imf was after eu asked for countries to increase spending to boost economy . 
  it worked really well . 
  because if it was not the eurozone they would just print money and problem solved ... eurozone only garantees their own banks just like they did when portugal and greece ran out of liquidity . 
  lol . 
  source of that ? 
  i can bet fernando santos never said that ever since he has ever been a tatical coach . 
  no one wins an euro without strategy, 
  are you the guy that was saying that betted ( for the final ) against all odds because was the only way to win the bet ? 
  you have good players , just need a revamp so they play as a team . 
  problem with an iberian union is that portugal would lose much power since spain is almost 5 times our population . 
  portuguese voice would be limited as it already is in europe while spanish one would be greater . 
  in an hypothetical future with catalunia and basque independent there would be a bigger balance so it would be better . 
  as it is i do n't see any chance . 
  people do n't know why portugal has 4,4 . 
  portugal was pushed by eu to bail bank banif and needed to meet capital ratios with cgd ( national 's bank ) otherwise the deficit would be less than 3 % . 
  with that point of view i can agree . 
  just feel that it 's not fair , with the portuguese people , to say as eu was directly involved with anything with the end of the dictatorship . 
  if anything usa and soviet union were directly involved right after while the democracy was not consolidated but that was not a surprise since they were pushing for the colonial war against the regime . 
  portugal was already democratic for 15years with no signal to come back to dictatorship . 
  eu was important economic wise and everything just not democratically, 
  care to explain how eu was able to turn portuguese dictatorship down ? 
  this year because of the euro there was the slogan `` we are not 11 we are 11 million '' and was kinda polemic because it had not in count those 5 million . 
  this number comes from a [ study ( you can donwload the pdf ) ] ( https://www.ffms.pt/publicacoes/detalhe/1585/tres-decadas-de-portugal-europeu ) however the study is only in portuguese . 
  there is this [ jornal article ] ( http://expresso.sapo.pt/sociedade/2015-07-08-portugal-tem-a-maior-taxa-de-emigracao-da-uniao-europeia ) that talks about it too . 
  i think the 5million has in count te children that have double citizenship so maybe that 's the difference . 
  well and the value is wrong they are actually around 5m and not 2.3 m. 
  if that was true why is germany with such low unemployment rates and portugal for example has  12 % ? 
  should n't jobs just move here because it 's cheaper ? 
  if the problem was labour costs they would go to china or india ... 
  some may move to portugal but it has no real significance . 
  i would just had this http://i.imgur.com/xrjhnun.jpg / u/donsteppedoutside posted yesterday on / r/portugal, 
  serious democratic issues ? 
  they are actually a big country with a good economy . 
  fragile because of recent problems but it 's a big eu economy they have more authority than you would think . 
  interesting ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  is that a huge microphone ? 
  i 'm not actually into that but there were many news/articles about some companies . 
  the only i can remember is this one about [ hsbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36629745 ) . 
  of course it can be bluff but i seriously do n't believe that . 
  leaving does n't mean they already left . 
  working on tourism here is usually not well payed and with low job security but i could be wrong . 
  there are some companies that work with renewable here . 
  edp and bosch ( in aveiro ) are the first names that come to my head . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  if you both are in the engineering field i would say that is possible to get a job otherwise it 's very difficult . 
  too many biceps !, 
  for people that work near portuguese/spanish borders would probably be something nice . 
  portugal looks to that as something good but it 's whatever we are already used to that . 
  no but they will eventually not be in eu so only portugal and ireland will use it inside eu . 
  have read that not being in gmt has pretty big economy consequences . 
  i go , every year , on holidays to spain and i can feel the difference, 
  you are not our friends you are nuestros hermanos :d, 
   when there 's a higher level than the national government and jurisdiction then i would n't call that independence that higher level that was voted for by every european ? 
  i know very little so excuse me if i 'm wrong . 
  the felling that i have from here is that turkey actually did almost nothing to actually join the eu . 
  self determination ? 
  feels like uk was not independent yesterday ... 
  the referendum is not binding but anyone that ignores it is stupid and politically suicidal, 
  as a portuguese i 'm pretty sad that uk voted to leave . 
  you were our gmt time zone friends along with the irish !, 
  why risky ? 
  they already voted to leave lol, 
  was thinking about that . 
  pretty sad, 
  nokia 's problem was android not iphone, 
  that 's my idea too . 
  when they tried to move away from symbian was too late but still it was nokia and probably they would be leaders instead of samsung if they went for android ... who knows people liked nokia and still do . 
  well it 's a shame they wanted so badly for symbian to be a thing . 
  well eu citizens do n't need right ? 
  there is no point, 
  i 'm not pro not joining euro but it 's not only greek 's economy that is weak . 
  portuguese , spanish and even italian economies are not doing very well , not as bad as greece but not good either . 
  however portuguese economy lately has imo changed a lot and that 's good in the long run . 
  idk why someone would be idiot just because they do n't like all glass em steel . 
  well i do n't believe on only 19 % in portugal, 
  we had inquisition and it was as bad as spanish was, 
  well . . always learning!specially merida was almost sure it was the original name . 
  still they could n't give a smaller name to barcelona hehe, 
  strange how every city is with their roman name and braga is braga when actually was called bracara augusta founded by augustus caeser founder of the roman empire . 
  yes it 's comparable because they did `` bad shit '' for hundreds of years . 
   are you kidding me ??!!,
