indeed, 
  from spain ? 
  i like to think that i ` kinda know ' spanish because i watched so much doraemon dubbed in spanish hehe, 
  it ' pretty stupid to release the test now . 
  for examploe , the portuguese bank was already capitalized with 2250m $ . 
  i do n't get the point in releasing the test 10 months later ... 
  confirmed at least for azores and madeira . 
  nice try but without the armillary sphere and our shield it does n't look right . 
  in my opinion , it depends how the eu/euro works and progresses . 
  if euro fall apart and/or eu stops bigger integration it can be a possibility . 
  as in terms of natural resources , i think we both have a big eez that in the future can be a big income resource . 
  it 's just a question of time and will from our governments and universities to find a way to do so . 
  i 'm sorry but calling the battle of aljubarrota luck is being retarded . 
  no one wons 1:4 with luck . 
  castillian king was stupid ? 
  well that 's not luck is incompetence ... portugal is a country because our ancestors fought for it even when odds were against . 
  do n't try to minimize such a big accomplishment saying it was luck ... btw why you say portugal will be part of spain ? 
  i actually think that would be more likely to spain to break apart and galicia join in someway portugal than the otherway around . 
  the one that when portugal had only money for 1 week of payments and the interest on loans were at 8-9 % would say that everything was fine ... 
  i had monday my first class of cryptography and the professor said that there is a algorithm that is proved to be impossible to solve just by having quantum computing . 
  yeah . 
  but you can decrease others like the hidro while you have wind . 
  we kinda use it but the cost to the economy right now is really high, 
  here in portugal this title would be `` only half taxes and fees '', 
  meanwhile there are like 3 highways between porto and lisbon . 
  i go to barcelona every year with my family , always asked myself about that . 
  good thing i never got caught :p, 
  the only thing people with usa 's avatar care when talking about nato is if you waste 2 % of the gdp buying their weapons ... do n't mind them, 
  hey , portugal is rich it 's ok !, 
  those countries are the ones profiting more with euro . 
  they ` transfer funds ' because in return they receive much more . 
  however , looking to the interest rate given to portugal in the bailout i ca n't really see those funds . 
  i think is because they seem to be more competent getting along with this whole situation . 
  at least is what i see from my point of view . 
  europe does n't like the iberian bro 's, 
  since when it is a matter of space ? 
  codfish nhamy, 
  because as you know portugal cooks bacalhau in so many ways that is not even worth saying them all in something like this . 
  you just say bacalhau and you know it 's one of them . 
  i even linked with some many dishes you can do with bacalhau . . 
  yes , you can say one of the most famous portuguese dishes is bacalhau but please do n't put a pic of a traditional bread called broa :( you can find some ways to cook bacalhau here : http://www.1001receitas.com/en, 
  braga is probably your ideal place . 
  in terms of size , is the 3rd city in portugal ( if you discount those near lisbon and porto metropolitan areas ) . 
  for portugal , it 's a big city but not really that big . 
  you have everything you need with the lowest prices you can get in terms of housing . 
  it 's very common here selling a plan for mobile internet where you have unlimited down/up but after some gigabytes the internet goes ultra slow . 
  no one wins a nuclear war . 
  my point was that , since both parts have nukes both would get destroyed . 
  it would be mutual in that case . 
  i believe that 's what people get when their country is basically killing people . 
  not that i agree with anything but stupid people happens to exist everywhere ... 
  since when spending the 2 % has anything to do with invading a country ? 
  iraq and afghanistan were 100 % usa fights . 
  there was no reason at all to any other country help usa invading . 
  usa only wanted foreign soldiers so they could make it a global offensive and not usa vs iraq/afghanistan ... 
  maybe because you can be correct in many cases but you do n't hold the truth, 
  oh the ignorance ... 
  as usual , when in doubt is against portugal , 
  sorry but this article is garbage . 
  i usually go to catalonia every year on holidays . 
  when i 'm coming back , i stop in verin and it 's pretty much like being in portugal lol, 
  in portugal defence , we have 10m eligible voters and 1m do n't exist ... it 's 20 % free turnout . 
  however , it 's still high ... people just do n't care which is sad . 
  i do n't have history classes for 10 years but i can recall that . 
  i see what you did there, 
  i think i was still sleeping when i wrote that lol, 
  i do n't really know about the history but reading wikipedia i got this : scotland :  `` the kingdom of scotland emerged as an independent sovereign state in the early middle ages and continued to exist until 1707 . 
  having entered into a personal union with the kingdoms of england and ireland following james vi 's succession to the english and irish thrones in 1603 , the kingdom of scotland subsequently entered into a political union with the kingdom of england on 1 may 1707 to create the kingdom of great britain . '', 
  while catalonia :  `` during the war of the spanish succession ( 1701 -- 14 ) , the crown of aragon sided against philip v of spain , whose subsequent victory led to the abolition of catalan institutions and the imposition of the castillian ones , and the replacement of catalan with the spanish language in public life . '', 
  paywall : http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21602291-why-france-insists-going-ahead-selling-warships-russia-mistral-blows, 
  that happened here too but our justice system is non existing for anyone that has power/money ... 
  some strange iceland i think haha, 
  portugal does n't exist in that map lol, 
  12.9 is less than 1/3l of wine per day . 
  since we usual drink wine at lunch and dinner is pretty easy to get those numbers, 
  eu could contribute against it . 
  thinking that people here work 8hours a day for 500 $ and still have to pay for every bill possible . 
  more like 20:00 no ? 
  not bitter at all . 
  however anyone that knows portuguese understands spanish and vice-versa that are 6th and 2nd languages with more native speakers . 
  anyone that wants to know a new language should think about latins , 
  please read everything again . 
  yeah and turkey has a part in europe lol, 
  as far as i can see , turkey is as much european as russia so i do n't see any problem ... not that i 'm comparing them but both have a part that is european . 
  we actually have fantasporto not bad for a small country like us , 
  that is a very pessimistic vision . 
  http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php?title=file:energy_production,_2000_and_2010_ ( million_tonnes_of_oil_equivalent ) . png & filetimestamp = 20121012131845, 
  it 's just painful to see this kinda money sent away when , for example , today this was running in the news : http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=pt-pt&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.jn.pt%2fpaginainicial%2feconomia%2finterior.aspx%3fcontent_id%3d3775090, 
  catalonia is the richest region of spain as far as i know, 
   150 people that commit suicide because of the crisis , is n't really that much . 
  i thought 1 would be already really bad ... 
  more like how impossible is to read the map and there is no source ... 
  anybody can go to excel and do that, 
  france could get gas the same way spain does . 
  probably less expensive, 
  10 $ would do it in portugal :|, 
  yeah but ukraine is not part of nato . 
  something like a\u00e7ores was a must when planes needed to refuel much more . 
  that 's nothing compared how iberian empire was around 1600 :d, 
  cultural changes last 20-30 years are pretty brutal in western europe,
