  d pedro i of brazil was d pedro iv of portugal ( after his dad die he became king for only 2 months ) . 
  his daugther succeeded him in portugal and his son in brazil both with distinct mothers . 
  language is the same , we just use different words to say the same . 
  thank god pipes are not the only way to get gas ... 
  yeah here in portugal was the same but mentalities are shifting because fossils are getting more expensive as time goes . 
  we already have 56  electricity produced from renewables . 
  renewables and electric cars should be a priority for ue imo . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6j9p3hu4g0 i think you can translate the subtitle . 
  it was a ` hardcore ' metal day and they played . 
  since then they never came back ^ ^, 
  well i prefer to think that those people want to know about why such a small country exists and accomplished so much during his history :d, 
  putin, 
  stupid people ... we have them here too, 
  jew ? 
  oh man i 'm even worst than that, 
  why should we ? 
  portuguese do n't hate spain :|, 
  i see what you did there . 
  i do n't think de population would fell comfortable knowing that that kind of money was throwing out to france and uk . 
  why france and uk ? 
  what would the others get in return ? 
  i think that would be much better if eu had a program about weapon/equipment development and manufacture ... something like airbus . 
  ( i do n't even know if this already exists ), 
  there are countrys where those 2 % are like peanuts for countrys like france, 
  there is nothing wrong until you use force to maintain that influence . 
  russia does n't own influence under any country . 
  in 21 century if you want influence you have to earn through respect not force, 
  that 's why nato exists, 
  not the whole europe . 
  africa is really important in this matter, 
  can you translate those last 2 titles ? 
  i think this guy does n't understand that his speech is as radical as the one he complaint about . 
  how can this guy be a member of parliament in europe ? 
  medium is so small :( i 'm always hungry after, 
  i do n't know about norway however , here in portugal mcdonald 's is expensive when compared with any cheap restaurant . 
  i can eat for 5 $ ( bread + drink + soup + dessert + coffee and ofc the dish ) while in mcdonalds is always at least 6-7 $ ( burguer + chips + drink ), 
  i do n't know what they expected . 
  how you measure/classify who is a citizen of catalonia ? 
  a galician has the same right as a born in catalonia ? 
  how would you feel if someone from next door said the same thing ? 
  `` the majority of the people who lives in this building is against the law so law does n't apply here '' that 's anarchy . 
  why should they respect if they are not legal ? 
  guess he speaks english , english and english . 
  because portuguese do n't need to learn spanish as we will always understand what they say and can make ourselves understand . 
  both languages are really close ... 
  i never had classes of spanish and i can understand spanish and even read fluently !, 
  of course i would need classes to write correctly but why waste resources when i can learn english , french , german ? 
  well it 's true to some degree, 
  enough since not even one of them wants to come here, 
  you should inform yourself , in last censuses ( 2011 ) 394 496 people ... around 3,7 % of the population . 
  so ` no immigrants ' is a lie !, 
  not a big number but not a small one . 
  not always, 
  you are working and doing your phd ? 
  i graduate from my master this year and i do n't even know what i 'm going to do next ( staying/going abroad and/or work/phd ) . 
  it companies like to pay 700-800 $ for new comers ( recent graduates ) . 
  they hire everybody as internship because government pays pays 70-100 % of the salary the first year . 
  they do n't pay more because they do n't want . . edit : was searching for bachelor/masters government pays 692 $ month . 
  considering portugal , uk is ` central ' and because usually people go to london . 
  i guess that 's the reason . 
  90 phone and 100 for car insurance month ? 
  wtf, 
  ca n't understand how this way is even a way to consultate the people over that particular aspect . 
  i would like to ask a source about that refusal . 
  obviously you are blind with your anti nationalism/patriotism and ca n't see what i 'm trying to say . 
  when i ask if you are proud about yourself where that implies being born or just living in a country ? 
  you do n't know them but you share the same culture . 
  you usually share the same values and ideas . 
  what 's wrong with loving the place you live that made who you are . 
  are you not proud about yourself ? 
  because you can see youself as a result of the country you live in  do n't get me wrong i love my country . 
  it has good and bad things but i could n't ask for better . 
  i do n't know but shipping costs going down is really good and most countrys already have a good internet infrastructure, 
  i can buy  500beers in a pub with minimum wage easily . 
  you want portugal to be the next venezuela, 
  here in portugal it as abolished but we have the national day where everyone that hits 18 years is called . 
  it 's called national day but it 's not a specific day , about 50 are called for different days . 
  they pretty much show how things work , show the installations and make a small lecture about what people can do to join . 
  when you have physical access , a code is n't really worth it . 
  you ca n't be serious, 
  just hearing is something ... you can understand his pain just by the voice, 
  what have you done !, 
  i have to study !, 
  well ... portugal is not only lisbon . 
  that 's the point . 
  in braga you can rent an house with 3 rooms for 300 $ with good conditions ( not 30y  houses ) . 
  while is lisbon you almost spend those 300 $ for a room only . 
  you can earn 100 $ more in lisbon but you spend 200 $ more with housing ... 
  yeah that 's the point of an health insurance !, 
  you pay less because you pay every month already !, 
  adse is payed by the users not the state however would not be the first time you see a firm giving health insurance to their employees . 
  adse is payed with the salary of everyone that has it . 
  i do n't find it dumb that you pay less going to the private . 
  that 's the point of competition . 
  if private does it for less why not ? 
  what is the problem is the adse ? 
  people pay for it !, 
  if it was to only have access to the sns there would be no reason to exist . 
  portugal is a small country ~ 10m people and the difference is less 140 deaths . 
  in a country like germany the difference would be more than a thousand people !,
