  america has been doing some bad shit for say a hundred years at best . 
  russia has been enslaving , pillaging and invading its neighbours for hundreds of years !, 
  are you even being serious when saying that ? 
  that 's like saying portugal and spain are evil because what they did in south america ... 
  i 'm sorry but i see everything after spain / france as east, 
   probably because they 're just two circles really got your pattern , 
  last time i saw in history books the united states had been a colony of the uk . 
  do you think the us would be missed if it never existed ? 
  yeah and geographically azores can be considered the most western point of europe because they have islands that are on the european side of the frontier with american and african plates . 
  so you want to talk about any wars in the eu ? 
   and there have n't really been 70 years of peace `` on the continent '' ; there have been 70 years of peace only in western europe . 
  we really are talking about eu here and not europe . 
  i had the idea that the time span was shorter ( always learning ) but the point stands being it 50 or 100 years . 
  because it 's different . 
  as you said and it 's true , we ca n't force eu on anyone while anyone that wanted to be american could , if they could get the visa . 
  that 's why eu is such an ambitious project because it 's based on diplomacy and democracy and not based in a war or an independence to get to be something . 
  yeah , i 'm no expert in usa 's history but if i had to bet i would say that virginia is an exception along with 3 or 4 states . 
    very strong different cultures  not really . 
  it 's not like we are trying to federalize venezuela with ireland . 
  venezuela is probably culturally closer to spain and portugal than greece ... cultures in europe are very strong and different . 
  the difference is that we learned to live with those differences and to integrate with each other . 
   many of them were semi independent colonies ( ne ) . 
  others were parts of non english political entities ( tx ) . 
  so you are proving my point ...  the us does n't even have an official language . 
  english is the dominant of course not going to argue with that but there are spanish speaking areas in the south too . 
  yet english and spanish count as almost 95 % of people 's main language while in eu english , german , french , italian and spanish do n't even come close to 70 % . 
  with language come very different cultural particularities . 
  of course that there are differences from north to south in usa too but so there are in portugal . 
  however , in eu they are much bigger . 
  having a project that is making us come together while we have all these differences is a really huge thing . 
  were any of those states been a country on their own or have more than 50 years history before the federalization ? 
  ca n't really compare a region that has been at war since forever , has countries that almost have a thousand years history and very strong different cultures . 
  eu has 24 official languages ... eu is a union that was funded in diplomacy while usa turned in what it is today from a civil war . 
  hard to find a more ambitious project anywhere in the world that has been going on for half a century . 
  it 's not perfect but it is pretty good . 
  well it was a priest, 
  well i never had ac and i sleep comfortably every year . 
  i happen to spend most of august in spain too and no ac needed to sleep comfortably . 
  neither spain or portugal are some kind of australia of europe . 
  really do n't know what you experience is but it 's not correct . 
  are you from england ? 
  how would you feel if some journals from germany or france , grouped england and a couple of other countries that happen to have something in common and , started calling you ( england ) a member of the retarded club ? 
  you would not like it and would feel insulted . 
  it would not just be an acronym . 
  do n't use an insult with the excuse that other people use them . 
  it 's an acronym that is also an insult . 
  anyone with a neuron understands what is the full intent of using that acronym . 
   there are plenty of differences between these situations but i have n't heard a single one justifying the annexation of gibraltar . 
  neither i was talking about annexation . 
  op compared gibraltar with melilla and ceuta , and i pointed out a big difference between them making them incomparable . 
  there is a very interesting relation between with gibraltar and oliven\u00e7a . 
  while gibraltar was ceded to britain at the time , oliven\u00e7a was occupied and ceded back to portugal in the treaty of utrecht . 
  however spain never gave up control of oliven\u00e7a to portugal . 
  in portugal in this particular affair is common to say that uk will only cede gibraltar after spain cedes oliven\u00e7a to portugal . 
  gibraltar 's nt even plays in portugal . 
  you could actually create a bridge between main land spain and ceuta , it 's pretty self explanatory . 
  explanations for what really ? 
  pointing out they are different when they are it 's natural when people try to compare them . 
  since i do n't know the history behind i ca n't really have an opinion . 
  however , it 's very strange that there is overseas territory like that . 
  still , you ca n't compare a territory with almost the size of portugal with one with 6km ^ 2 with a rock within ... 
  azores is an island an was uninhabited it 's very different , berlin was a special case that is n't comparable . 
  op was comparing gibraltar with ceuta and melilla and i was poiting out that there is a very big difference from a geographical point of view . 
  islands ? 
  being the only exceptions french guiana from what i recall . 
  well if you actually look at the map you can see the difference . 
  ceuta could actually have a bridge connecting with spain 's main land and even melilla is still very close to main land spain . 
  on the other hand gibraltar is much smaller and is more than 1000km away from england, 
  they are n't really the same, 
  you can look at the map and see a big difference . 
   also , calling a fairly respected and definitely successful politician a half-wit does little to further the discussion . 
  well if he is , he should behave like one and not an half-wit xenophobic politician . 
  it 's not out of context it 's actually very well contextualized . 
   `` during the crisis of the euro , the countries of the north have shown solidarity with countries affected by the crisis , '' he said . 
  `` as a social democrat , i attribute exceptional importance to solidarity . 
  `` but you also have obligations . 
  `` you can not spend all the money on drinks and women and then ask for help . '', 
  names should n't be translated in first place but ok i understand your point . 
  this is pretty nice but should use the original names . 
  was googling ferdinand magellan to understand who he was but yeah fern\u00e3o de magalh\u00e3es ... 
  shhhh that 's a secret, 
  you brazilian ? 
  you can always complain to roman empire that pilled the gold in iberia . 
  even though most of the work is in portugal , the head office is in london that 's why . 
  neither portugal and spain have anything to win with being very strict as both want to continue to have british tourists and pensioners . 
  stopping having that would be a significant blow on the economy that is very fragile . 
  portugal always had a positive relationship with britain too so there is that too . 
  be it left or right portuguese position would be the same . 
  do you really think that portugal is with primary deficit ? 
  portugal in 2016 was forecasting 2,6 primary surplus if i recall correctly . 
  eu does n't really change bondrates , maybe you are mistaking with euro . 
  i do n't think you have a slight idea about what you are talking about, 
  yes in western europe . 
  do you even have an idea ? 
  in 1986 portugal joined eec and at the moment in 10y bound was paying ~ 15 % . 
  at that moment uk was paying ~ 10 % , italy ~ 11 % , france ~ 8 , germany ~ 6 % , denmark ~ 10 . 
  remember that portugal in 1986 was only 12 year apart from a 41 year dictatorship ( that closed the country from all world ) , loss of colonies and an ultramarine war . 
  no one had , not just portugal, 
  i understand your point but you have to remember what caused all these crisis and by this i 'm not taking out some of the responsibility of those countries . 
  in my opinion , more than being really strict with 3 % deficit , eu should be really strict with what we all in here `` desor\u00e7amenta\u00e7\u00e3o '' ( you can understand this as `` unbudget '' ) .
