  however , that does n't mean that in the future it will be like this or that we can just do nothing and think everything will be like it is today . 
  you are in eu so even without being in nato ireland would be called to help if there was an attack of an eu country . 
  what about mornings, 
  that 's nice to say but in the end , if you have to run for your life , you will prefer to pick up and save the kid that is next to you than the dog . 
  yet still not the same as moving in the same country . 
  new polo looks very sporty, 
  always find it weird to have these images with only 1/3 of the countries . 
  last time i heard from refugee quotas it was because no one wanted to come here and those who wanted was to get free movement in eu . 
   yes , poland is poorer than portugal but not much , go get a look at numbers . 
  literally what i said, 
   should have put you ahead of poland still ahead per capita ... do n't know why you are comparing absolute numbers between an economy with 11m people and one with 38m . 
  is austria poor because of their economy being 3 times smaller than poland 's ? 
  americans like to just look to gdp so they end up not understanding half of europe . 
  is that so ? 
  43 years ago we were in a dictatorship that isolated portugal from the world for more than 40 years and , where usa and su picked a proxy war because of our colonies . 
  it 's just surprising to who does n't really know history . 
  you are just ignorant, 
  see , you know nothing about what you are talking about . 
  poland 's economy is more than 3 times the size of portugal while being a little lower per capita ... 
  you make no sense . 
  poland 's military is big because they are a big country . 
  yes , poland is poorer than portugal but not much , go get a look at numbers . 
   but look at the military it feels compelled to field . 
  laughable . 
  poland does n't have a disproportionately strong army , they are just a big country and germany looks weak for a good reason you know ... btw poland 's and portuguese economies are very close difference being that poland has around four times the population . 
  it was because portugal before euro was an economy based on low payment labour and with euro that changed . 
  not that now salaries are much better but what is being made are not cheap textiles or shoes . 
  comparable in numbers and probably not in technology but you ended up not answering my question because there 's none . 
  so who you say has `` a disproportionately strong army '' in europe ? 
  so no reason to be measuring dicks . 
  spain 's economy is almost 3 times bigger so it 's bound to have better and bigger numbers in equipment , it 's no shame . 
  also , for spain having a navy and airforce is much more important than having more tanks since they have islands and a big exclusive economic zone . 
  i see this as a good thing . 
  in eu/nato whatever you want to look at , you have countries that are somewhat focused on different aspects and that makes everyone stronger, 
  remember that you are saying that to a portuguese and portugal is full atlantic . 
  do n't fool yourself because it 's very hot in here during summer . 
  we get wind and humidity from atlantic and because of that , during winter , even though the weather does n't go negative and snow everywhere , you really feel the cold . 
  in parts of the country , it really rains a lot too so it ends up being unfair for you to say that . 
  yeah same for portugal , not every bar but slowly it 's changing . 
  it 's so good to arrive home without the need to wash all clothes because of smoke !, 
  the connection porto-vigo makes sense because it 's much smaller ( less than 200km ) meaning it needs much less investment . 
  the area it would service is highly populated , porto and braga districts alone have the same population of lisbon 's metropolitan area and vigo is a sizeable city too . 
  zarago\u00e7a has more than 3 times the population of badajoz and \u00c9vora combined . 
   for the nation which has gained perhaps the most , combined , from nato and the eurozone , this is n't an unreasonable ask . 
  what does eurozone even have to do with this ? 
  worst is that you apparently are from uk , you do n't even have a say in eurozone . 
  yeah , germany is probably one of the countries that benefit most from eurozone but that has nothing to do with nato . 
  we call it expresso with x and it 's true that we have a strong coffee culture even if you do n't believe it . 
  well we drink [ expresso ] ( https://cdn1.newsplex.pt/media/2015/9/18/487234.jpg?type=artigo ) and have a really strong coffee culture . 
  you would probably be surprised with the quality, 
  like everyday for a coffee ... 
  well , you can just not use reddit . 
  you should already know how this works . 
   i do n't get ill in the uk , france , or the netherlands . 
  i 'm sure this is reflected for other british people , it 's probably just before they did n't realise they could get compensation from these dodgy all-inclusive hotels that reheat food until recently . 
  i never got ill in spain ... maybe you should wash your hands when you are in spain . 
   after over a decade of members not meeting their obligations . 
  yeah ... no do you really think portugal would loan a base to china to be a defence partner with them ? 
  china is on the other side of the world ... 
  that 2 % is for 2024 and we are in 2017 . 
  yeah , bases are independent , keep dreaming . 
  china wants to loan that base too , imagine why portugal does n't even think about it . 
  yeah , and you ca n't rate a credible defence capability by just spending 2 % of gdp . 
  if portugal left nato , usa would lose its base in a\u00e7ores and , i bet with you , they do n't want that . 
  as i said earlier , countries bring more than just money and guns to the table . 
   our armies do not ( + a lot of equipment in eastern parts are outdated as hell ) . 
  yeah , because everything in russia must be really new . 
  just so you know , portugal has more than one metropolitan area with 1m of population https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metropolitan_area_of_porto, 
  why vote out when our politicians are n't overspending on defence ? 
  nato is n't bad , spending just because ... is . 
  best for the moment , worst ever made, 
  supposed to pay what and whom ? 
  nato is n't an invoice and that 2 % criteria that people talk is for 2024 . 
  do n't mix defence spending with eu and eurozone . 
  people who ask germany to spend more do n't ask them to give money to other countries money or to spend in defence , they ask them to invest in what they feel is better so money can move around . 
  the thing is that there are countries that have other things than just money and weapons . 
  for example , portugal has a\u00e7ores ( azores ) has an important harbour/airport for any logistics between both continents . 
  portugal and spain combined have really easy relationships with almost any country in america that is n't us or canada because we are all `` latinos '' and , like it or not , we share many cultural bounds . 
  same goes in lesser extent africa if you combine portugal , uk and france . 
  how do you measure good relations in terms of $ ? 
  and speaking seriously , who would invade portugal besides spain ? 
  who believes spain would ever do that again ? 
  franco is long gone . 
  russia is really far away and we already do n't have any colony . 
  we spend what we need and always help in what we can , why we need to spend more in defence just because ? 
  [ friday friday friday ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfvsfosbjy0 ) that 's what i thought when i read your comment . 
  yeah , it 's simply by gdp that 's why it 's worthless . 
  portugal could probably hire 100k personal , make them do nothing and meet the 2 % criteria . 
  you just want countries to waste more money buying your weapons . 
  sorry but this is not saudi arabia . 
  it 's funny how us thinks that other countries do n't know how to defend themselves and how we almost own them our independence because `` hey they do n't spend 2 % in our guns '' . 
  i do n't think portugal has low corporation taxes since some portuguese big companies have hq in netherlands for that purpose . 
  if corporation taxes get to be standardised , i think it would even benefit portugal since there would be no reason to not relocate to outside . 
  good to know you liked it here . 
  in my opinion , northern portugal is very underrated since no capital and having cold beaches . 
  i think that it is because greece is not growing and you have to bring debt in % of gdp down . 
  since portugal is growing that is already happening naturally in here even with a deficit . 
  and because be and pcp wanted to stay away from the government so in the end , it is ps doing and giving face to stuff . 
   but let 's go back to my question , which you have n't answered : why does n't portugal want to become a province of spain ? 
  cheaper fuel , more jobs , stronger economy , your language would be co-oficial along spanish ( i.e.
