  drugs are illegal in portugal !, 
  if you are addicted to drugs , you are treated like an addicted and not as a criminal . 
  that 's the difference . 
  portugal in the 90 's had a real problem with heroin . 
  federations ! = countries . 
  hey , at least you already on top . 
  quality comes with a cost . 
  well , portugal sells tons of tomatoes to japan so yeah ... 
  well portuguese was banned from a school in luxemburg/swiss ( i 'm not sure which on ) i would n't be surprised, 
  who is him ? 
  curious, 
  the real meaning of caralho is : [ ( that spot in the portuguese nau ) ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_wutiidpbja4/s_mcjppsdbi/aaaaaaaaaam/m3hvsbduq5u/s400/bruna.jpg ) not only nau but any kind of ship, 
  maybe they can because they have no alternative and parents would never let their sons live under the bridge . 
  only if we get back oliven\u00e7a !, 
  so world war 2 was not world because there were many countries that were not part of it like ... portugal . 
  comparing uk 's exports with the exports of the biggest economy in the world ( as a single country at least ) is n't really good, 
  i really think that this was kind a western vs eastern . 
  thank you captain obvious . 
  did you read the title ? 
  maybe that 's why people are talking about prices, 
  forced to join the euro ? 
  what a good way to make people to not even take you seriously, 
  i would like to have a word on that . 
   taking a lot of migrants in makes them feel good . 
  until it changes the way people live, 
  not it 's not . 
  do n't be a jerk, 
  why monarchy ? 
  in portugal we have the republic president as head of the state that just proclaim government normatives if they are along constitution . 
  `` independent state of croatia '' ... puppet state of germany ( 1941 -- 45 ) protectorate of italy ( 1941 -- 43 ), 
  so 24 years ago it was `` yugoslavian forces '' but 73 years ago was croatian people ? 
  i honestly think that overall uk is better in eu , but they are the ones to decide . 
  even though we share different points of view that is not necessarily bad . 
  usually it 's good to not rush things out i will leave here this video it 's old but it 's symbolic https://youtu.be/zv8bgoirmgo?t=107, 
  last one was already the third ... 
  he ca n't do that ... 
  that is not in question . 
  you may be it i do n't really know !, 
  the title with that link is misleading just that, 
  it 's a culture thing . 
  you may think it 's stupid but here we care about it . 
  we kinda like that people like us . 
  since the president is near the end of his mandate , he ca n't call new elections . 
  he has 3 options : * nominate a new prime minister ( antonio costa from ps ) * keep the government under management conditions until the new president is elected in april and take new actions . 
  * nominate a government of presidential initiative, 
  it 's by both . 
  saying people have no control over the government 's foreign aid budget is a little strange since ... democracy, 
  do you really need someone to explain ? 
  it 's in the title !, 
  private aid only ... 
  because it is misleading . 
  it can happen . 
  cavaco has the final word not ps , pcp or be, 
  do n't know any foreigner that does n't love francesinha . 
  probably the ones that hate it 's because they got a tourist trap . 
  would be interesting to know the average size of houses too . 
  big changer in this graph, 
  in 2014 portugal was 62,7 renewable !, 
  around 28,4 hydro and 23,7 wind, 
  just hope the bad weather and football do n't make people stay at home . 
  feels like sch\u00e4uble does n't like democracy . 
  junker should have an opinion in everything that is concerned with eu , that 's why he was voted for . 
  we do n't have states but have many districts for such a small country, 
  the problem is n't eu but spanish laws . 
   us defense budget has been protecting western europe us defense is protecting his interests not europe . 
   in the pursue of those you make alliances with other countries , but with the understanding that each one gets something in return . 
  you are contradicting yourself with your first reply . 
   what 's that have to do with the eu budget ? 
  than why you talked about it ? 
   it is a charity . 
  when was the last type you were a net contributor to the eu budget ? 
  it 's money so you become more developed . 
  it is n't charity you are naive if you if it is . 
  i find funny how you say `` instead , stop bitching . 
  you did n't get any fines and you get a cool net 3 billion from the eu budget . '', 
  it 's like it 's some charity when countries like france are the ones benefiting the most from eu . 
  you think that those bailouts were to save portugal or greece ? 
  it was to save german and french banks . 
  you better wake up for real life man . 
  you are missing the best of them all , 
  i do n't believe those portuguese numbers, 
  the problem is that when you are eating a mars you know it is full of sugar . 
  however , when you buy bread at the supermarket most people think it has no sugar , why would it have sugar ? 
  when that 's not true . 
  processed sugar is n't very healthy and the problem is that it 's almost impossible to buy products that do n't have it . 
  they try to do that and say `` see we tried but ue does n't let us do it '' knowing beforehand how will be the outcome . 
  it 's disgusting, 
  however if it better outside the union because you are benefiting from the positive things without the downsides , will it be better when there is no union ? 
  i think you would be surprised if you actually come to portugal . 
  if you have the money you can access top healthcare anywhere . 
  what is the difference in paying 10k in usa or paying 2k for a stay in any european country to do the treatment for 5k ? 
   it is n't uncommon for the only alternative for advanced treatments to be the public one . 
  that 's not true, 
  well you talk like a teletubbie ... 
  this is not a movie or a game where there is a good guy or a villain . 
  you seem like the armchair expert . 
  i 'm not proposing anything because i 'm not in charge of anything , just find interesting that some countries love to keep doing the same mistakes year after year with all these wars . 
  i guess that you as an expert find ok to just arm `` moderate '' islamic rebels because it worked very well in the past . 
  guess who pushed the most for all those `` interventions '' along with uk and france . 
  portuguese forces are only used for logistic an formation of local staff otherwise they would never go , just like they were in bosnia .
