  do really believe that those intervations were because of protecting human life or peace ? 
  those were all economic and global power interests just like they are it is now in syria . 
  usa does n't want assad because he is a russian ally . 
  do you think anyone is protecting human life when they sell armament to saudi arabia ? ... 
  guess afghanistan , iraq , lybia , etc are not the definition of fighting for peace . 
   the biggest burden of an eu army would fall to the most capable and that would mean the uk/france probably paying more and risking more lives . 
  who would have guessed ... maybe those countries should try to stop playing war . 
  it 's not a question of being more capable , is being more warmonger . 
  portugal does n't have that kind of money and already have some infrastructure, 
  change gas stations to serve electric cars too . 
  most of the infrastructure is there it 's a question of turning it probitable and they will change . 
  look how things were 14 years ago and how they are now . 
  specially when talking about batteries, 
  that 's not really a excuse for most cities . 
  i do n't know why you are being downvoted ... probably because people do n't know portuguese law . 
  was eu supposed to side with catalonia ? ... 
  ca n't really consider anything because there was never a serious debate about it . 
  people are against because it has the name nuclear in it . 
  imo , you ca n't consider random polls when there is no discussion . 
  i remember well about that pr\u00f3s & contras but there was n't really any discussion in the parlament . 
  did we have a poll ? 
  yeah that 's why if i pay 0.80 $ i feel robbed, 
  well 1,5 $ for a coffee is fucking expensive . 
  if i pay more than 0,80 $ i feel robbed . 
  working for free for someone that is making millions, 
  why shoud n't we have different education ? 
  from what i know even spain has different education systems in each autonomous community . 
  should n't they be spaced like [ this ] ( https://hugelolcdn.com/i/323758.png ) ? 
  i think the military command should be based in one of the countries which actually do fulfill their military funding obligations to eu military, 
  the deal was illegal and they knew that . 
  ireland is a sovereign state however to be in eu you have to comply the rules . 
  what is funny is that if ireland was not in the eu , apple would never do such a deal with ireland because what they really wanted was to pay no taxes in eu . 
  they do that at the moment because they can and companies are willing to pay that . 
  however in the future they may have to change it, 
  well if you want to go by population numbers , usa has only 60 % of eu 's total population . 
  it 's not even close ... 
  well going for wikipedia , london is 22 % of uk 's gdp . 
  i would say that any region that accounts for a fourth of the country total gdp has a big impact . 
  and are very agressive when playing csgo . 
  international law does n't really matter in here . 
  if spain goes all the way to legally approve secession no one will stop it . 
  remember that , to change constitution , it needs to be something national wide and not only regionally . 
  i want to be independent too so ... 
  that 's what he said ... 
  requires changing the constitution, 
  oh yes you can, 
  xenophobia is a people thing not about right or left wing, 
  since ireland signed treaties , eu law  irish law . 
  if they do n't want to follow eu laws they have to leave eu . 
  please understand that . 
  phones are assembled, 
  being arrogant for what ? 
  are you going to say that the 4 countries referred , are n't into those kinds of schemes ? 
  should i be surprised for those countries to defend those common interests ? 
  that 's very fair for small business that have to compete with those corporations . 
  i really ca n't understand how people can think it 's ok to have low taxes for some companies that are already established while small companies pay full amount . 
  how unfair is it for young people that want to start their business and have to compete with big companies paying near nothing while they pay 10-20-30 % ... 
  it 's like we do n't want our young minds to success and prefer the already established corporations . 
   even if your government wants companies to pay their taxes due in portugal , it 's not particularly succesful in doing so , or pretty much in anything really . 
  you do n't even know what you are talking about . 
  i find funny that you come with the bankrupt argument when was the eu that told countries to spend more back in crises . 
  got ta love how arrogant some people are . 
  please * tell me how portugal has n't been honest with eu . 
  our policy is n't giving low taxes so companies , that operate in other countries , just pay taxes here . 
  `` rebels '', 
  why i 'm not surprised to see those 3 supporting ireland in this ruling ? 
  meanwhile iberian peninsula is like non existing . 
  i dream with every highway inside cities being underground . 
  yes is expensive but the life would be so much better for everyone . 
   d ) electric car rental can you explain how it works ? 
  did n't know such thing existed . 
  well 0.3 is nothing . 
  that permafrost is strong, 
  that 's your opinion . 
  imo it actually has much in common migration and the topic of refugees . 
  as i said every country is different and you will never find a country that is exactly like yours . 
  my examples were to show that being an island is n't an excuse just like having no natural resource is n't . 
  every example i gave is a good example because they are successful economies in islands . 
  maybe nz is so focused in agriculture because they do n't have easy access to eu like ireland has ... 
  the same market that ireland uses to manipulate the numbers of the growth . 
  you asked for examples i gave you examples of good economies . 
  so you want an copy of ireland . 
  that does n't exist for any country that you choose . 
  since when being an island is an excuse ? 
  you have new zealand , australia , porto rico , japan ... 
  so it was `` we do tax only for the % created in europe '' now it is `` apple paid an effective tax rate of 12.5 % for everything produced here in ireland . '' ... 
  there is a reason the rulling to pay 12bn $ came out man, 
   it 's just we tax them at 12.5 % for the % yeah right, 
  i find funny what you say . 
  the problem is n't ireland having a low corporation tax but having super low corporation tax for some companies . 
  apple profits in all eu and pay nothing . 
  they are robbing every eu country for not following the eu rules . 
  if you do n't want to follow eu rules you should not be profitting for using eu market ... how can you believe that getting jobs in ireland at the expense of your fellow eu contries is a good thing . 
  what will happen if all countries start doing the same ? 
  probably at that moment you will not be very happy . 
  buy 100 cd 's , get a ticket to portugal , rip them all and come back , 
  the interest is selling the burned tree to make paper . 
  since is not allowed to cut them normally they set fires so they can buy the wood even at a cheaper price . 
  later it 's planted eucalyptus a fast growing tree to continue the cycle ... 
  that 's not how eu works .
