  why should israel in return be anything but hostile ? 
  it 's like ukraine recognizing the eastern-ukrainian `` republics '' . 
   if the un said it 's okay for you to steal those countries source ? 
  when has un ever done something like that ? 
  stole their lands ? 
  the jews have been living in these lands for thousands of years and the state of israel was created by the un . 
  the arab countries declared war on israel the day after it was created and they have been nothing but hostile towards israel ever since . 
  why should israel recognize a state whose main purpose is to destroy israel ? 
  and some people are still wondering why has n't israel recognised palestine . 
  pfff do n't you mean `` soccer '' ? 
  damn the president looks pretty buffed, 
   anyway yes , christians are more persecuted than gays , atheists and romas . 
  the tombstones with christian crosses on the forefront of mosques is touching . 
  christians in muslim countries * . 
  i genuinely doubt it . 
  european champions might aswell be world champions . 
  there is no competition outside europe . 
  better get used with this, 
   of course russia has the sovereign right to react to military deployments aimed at russia by erecting counter measures . 
  russia is having military drills where they practice overtaking neighbouring countries . 
  nato troop placement in those countries is only rational . 
  to be fair democracy brought the nazis to power . 
  it definitely does , but it will probably spark a huge conservative/euroscepticism/nationalism wave in europe . 
   estonians lol no . 
  those are russians living in estonia who are returning to russia ( and then coming back here or somewhere else very soon after realizing russia is a shithole ) . 
  amazing how they all agreed to stay still in the middle of the battle for the painting . 
  what kind of heavy drugs are you using ? 
  the south shall rise again !, 
  sure ... pulled out of my ass . . 
  in a normal country , journalist and members of the political opposition do n't get killed in daily basis . 
  yet despite all of its riches and resources it 's still a shithole and a horrible place to live . 
  if russia would n't do massive military drills 50km from our border practicing how to overtake our country , it would be very helpful against the paranoia . 
   ... they 've done anything more than improve food choices those little `` improvements '' here and there are what threatens the culture . 
  essentially they are offereing a service that banks already offer but for a lower cost . 
  transferwise is not a bank so i think that would be legal, 
  banks can just tell them to fuck off and they 're done . 
   ... supporters are old villagers who have no clue about politics and simply vote yes because that 's what they think is best . 
  it does n't make their vote any less valuable, 
  most of turkey wanted this , though . 
  whether they know what they want or not is a seperate issue . 
  it is absolutely bizarre that there are structures that old but not a single thing that could tell us about the people who built this . 
  those things were built by hundreds if not thousands of people , and something must 've brought those people together . 
  should we allow muslims to behead infidels in europe too ? 
  because of you know - freedom of religion ? 
  full face veil is not a traditional garment . 
  the reason why it is banned is oppression . 
  you can not compare burqas with traditional women 's clothing , because those are worn for completely different reasons . 
  and making jokes or just being ignorant and saying `` people have right to wear whatever they want '' is extremely hypocritical . 
  / r/eesti is pretty nice . 
  it 's recently more active , few posts per day . 
  nice banter and extremely uninformative . 
  serves them well . 
   you just seem to ventilate your hate for lgtb associations this is how you end discussions . 
  with unnecessary and false labeling . 
   in a world where you are still being killed or persecuted by your sexual orientation these demonstrations do make sense . 
  it 's like you saying why would people donate for people starving ... if there are no people starving in brussels . 
  you fail to answer the queston - why belgium and why celebrate sexual orientation ? 
  comparing this with donating for starving people is extremely wrong . 
  pride parades do n't care for lgbt sufferings in other countries . 
   maybe if their sexual orientation was just accepted and , more importantly , was part of the regular lifes of everybody just like heterosexuality is then these would disappear . 
  how does this make any sense ???? 
   i can only conclude you do n't really understand why they do exist , i only see you having a sort of hate for other people to celebrate that they are being recognized after centuries of witch hunting . 
  that is true . 
  i do n't understand and nobody here has managed to explain to me why this is a reasonable event that actually helps the lgbt community . 
  if you see that i hate someone , then you are mistaken , a lot . 
  these people are not celebrating their freedom , but their sexual orientation . 
  have you actually ever seen one pride parade ? 
   next time if you hate other people demonstrating their love in the streets try not to opress them for loving the `` wrong '' person and maybe you wo n't find them in the streets asking not to kill them . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about and you probably do n't have either . 
  why are you talking about celebrating love when im talking about celebrating sexual orientation ? 
   that 's what `` pride '' is about , not having to hide yourself . 
  it is about making yourself different from others because of your sexual orientation . 
  it 's for splitting the society . 
  if gay people want to be a normal part of the society then they do n't partake in such events . 
   yes , it totally has : heterosexual people do n't need to fight for the rights to be respected as heterosexual people ... that 's why there are not demonstrations for heterosexuality but there is , instead , a whole world of things that come naturally , because it 's what it is implanted culturally , socially ... 1 . 
  in belgium they have the same rights as heterosexual people . 
  pride parades do n't `` fight '' for anything , they are just celebrating their sexual orientation , which is ridiculous . 
   i dunno , maybe that has something to do ... 
  it has nothing to do with it and you are entirely missing my point . 
  weddings ` and such ' are not for celebrating your sexual orientation . 
  it 's a celebration of love . 
  i ca n't think of a single event that celebrates hetero orientation . 
  maybe those carnivals in brazil , but that 's really it ... 
   because it 's an important part of their identity as explained earlier on . 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  why is it important part of their identity ? 
  what is wrong with the society that the sexual orientation has become of critical importance ? 
  this is retrogression , not progress . 
   they 've had a rough history and fought tooth and nail to get where they are today , they are rightfully pride - ergo , gay pride !, 
  i agree that they have had a rough history and they 've fought for it , but this is not what they are celebrating . 
  and what they are celebrating is nothing to be proud of . 
  it 's a sexual orientation . 
  do women parade themselves , because ~ 100 years ago they got the right to vote , for example ? 
  sure there are some sort of women parades , but they are for different reasons . 
   why is a gay pride march a valid reason for discriminating gay people ? 
  oh right , `` the children '' . 
  it 's not like they are 24/7 exposed to boobs and scarcely dressed women in this heterocentric world . 
  this is probably an argument for some homophobes . 
  but what i mean is that pride people seek to be different and seperated , and this is what causes homophobia too . 
  the desire to be loud and different .
