  previously you said that virtually anyone living in estonia could get a citizenship without exams if he or she wished . 
  citizenships were given to people who had citizenship in 1940 ( and before ) and their descendants . 
  also those who were highly motivated to gain citizenship and those who registered for citizenship before in estonian citizens ' committee movement . 
  so no , if she or he wished for citizenship , then they did n't have to speak a word in estonian . 
  by '99 30 % of them became citizens through naturalisation . 
   well , open estonian law on naturalisation and see that language exams is a must . 
  of course it is now . 
  russia has language requirement too . 
  in 1992 many russians , especially those who have been living here for many generations , did not have to pass a language test ( i could give you source for this but i doubt you speak estonian . 
   i do n't know , maybe they do speak but pretend that they do n't ? 
  yeah sure . 
  great idea . 
  challenge inequality by promoting inequality !, 
   see , there was no option for estonian citienship without exams . 
  i do n't know if im blind or what , but i do n't see the lines you read that brought you to such conclusion . 
  `` naturalisation '' does not mean that the applicant is required to do exams . 
  and if you are still not convinced then explain this to me - how come there are tens of thousands russian estonians who do n't speak a word in estonian ? 
  http://www.kul.ee/sites/kulminn/files/kodakondsus.pdf good luck translating that oh there is something in english too http://eudo-citizenship.eu/docs/countryreports/estonia.pdf, 
  because they were not ethnic estonians . 
  they were immidiately given an option to either get an estonian citienship without exams , retain their russian citizenship , or do nothing at all . 
  those who decided to do nothing at all are the people currently in trouble and the reason why russia is pointing its ugly finger at us . 
  why would they be second class citizens ? 
  i like it how instead of bringing up counter arguments you just bring up a new , completely unrelated point . 
  russians were not active during elections , in narva where there were ~ 60.000 people of whom 95 % were russians , only ~ 4400 people voted . 
  women in power . . and still subjected to men . 
  i see it as foreign women going to iran and wearing hijabs in respect to the extreme patriarchal society . 
  this is what hijab symbolises . 
  it is not merely a traditional headscarf . 
  i do n't remember angela merkel wearing our folk costume during her visit here . 
  why is the north coast of aegean sea , the north-west , and the central mainland greece so empty ? 
  you forgot to add '' / s '' ? 
  yes , the nationality law came into force on 1992 . 
  in 1991 most laws from soviet estonia were still in effect , that included nationality law . 
  i do n't think there are many countries in the world that just give out citizenships without exams . 
  but those who lived here after the collapse of soviet union were offered citizenship without any exams . 
  i heard it from either ringvaade or pealtn\u00e4gija where they were talking about that same salme ship and the fact that the government is n't giving any money for further digging and preservation . 
  and im pretty sure that some historian made such claim . 
  if they choose to . 
  estonian `` viking '' raids started earler than scandinavian ones and ended after scandinavians stopped being vikings . 
  give us back the lands you stole too . 
  im sure people would be very happy to live in a normal country for once . 
  oh god why , sweden . . ? 
  only idiots think that this has anything to do with cultural appriciation . 
  their action just legitimized the position of women as a second class citizens in islamic society . 
   everyone knows they are there , this is just typical stupidity you 'd see from the americans . 
  everyone knows that nato is here because of russia . 
  it would be a provocation if they were intentionally poking at russia , for example pointing their weapons towards russia . 
  this is just a picture in a nato country with their opponent in the background . 
  `` american wines are better '' is irritating for the whole europe, 
  the eu is n't forcing any country to accept immigrants or refugees . 
  technically he is . 
  whether it is a moral thing to do is questionable . 
  at least you tried to be funny, 
   ... and she wo n't mind its funny because she is dead, 
  comparing the total number of troops is pointless . 
  nobody is throwing all of them into battle at once . 
  russia has military scattered all around their huge country . 
  it does not discriminate homosexuals - as you pointed out the gender is not often mentioned in laws . 
  laws do not discriminate . 
  people do . 
  all are equal before the law and laws apply do everyone . 
  unless the law specifically dictates that certain people are not allowed to do something ( like people with political ties are not allowed to certain military positions ) , then the law applies to everyone and is equal for everyone . 
   and if `` not being gay '' is one of the requirements , does that count as gay people having the `` same rights '' ? 
  adoption agencies have no way of knowing whether a person is homosexual or not , nor do they have access to other diagnoses the parents might have . 
  there are plenty of married couples with children who discover that one of them ( or both ) is gay after 30 years of being married . 
   is that equal rights ? 
  yes . 
  the same rule applies to everyone , gay or not . 
  im not arguing against gay rights or anything . 
  im not against any of them . 
  im just talking about the faulty terminology . 
  it is not humour , it is just logic . 
  why i pointed it out was because the saying that lgb people do n't have `` same rights '' is ridiculous . 
  where are such places where gay people ( who the fuck has the list of all the gay people in country anyway ) are not allowed to marry ? 
  and no . 
  i did n't skip over the right to adobt . 
  man and women are allowed to adobt children given that they fit the requirements . 
  of course . 
  given that the partner is someone from the oppsite sex . 
  homosexuals ca n't marry someone from their own gender nor can heterosexual people . 
  see - same rights . 
  lgb people have the same rights as heterosexual people in every country in the word . 
   total immigrants or immigrants from mena countries ? 
  again , would need some source or this debate is rather pointless . 
  arnstberg , karl - olov & sandelin , gunnar . 
  random people have been making those . 
   well , i think that 's a bit ridiculous . 
  we certainly have problems and i agree we need to cut immigration . 
  but we do n't have more problems than the rest of europe . 
  44 % of immigrant students struggle at school . 
  64 % of swedes think that the media is being censored on the matters of immigration . 
  swedish counties and parishes predict that 70 % of immigrants will be ( and stay ) unemployed . 
  156 suburbs that have muslim majority have huge unemployment problem ( 50 % + unemployed ) . 
  swedish politicians are * actually having a dialogue * with the promoters of sharia law/radical islam , which gives them legitimacy . 
  in every other country these people are ignored and/or put into a strict watchlist . 
   you guys have 30 % of your population with foreign background but i ca n't imagine you feel that estonia `` will be flung into chaos '' ? 
  it is a problem and a chaos is probable . 
  it has already happened in 2007 when the russian minory was rioting on streets . 
  and during the 90s , the easternmost part was holding a local referendum to join russia ( which was deemed illegal anyway ) . 
  so we do have * huge * problems with having such a huge minority .
