  interpol has done russias bidding many times . 
  not what i meant . 
  this is the result of a long time persection of kurds in turkey . 
  thats a fine looking wall, 
  `` we want our workdays to finish at six o\u2019clock ... '' as if southern europeans actually do any work, 
  because persecuting kurds has ended well in syria and iraq . 
  anyone who can keep their thought process longer than just 5 seconds would understand that this is not just about heritage or skin colour . 
  thats the result , yeah . 
  actually it is a birth defect and even who considers it as a mental illness . 
  but whatever it is , it 's fucked up , dangerous , and should n't be encouraged . 
  idk man . 
  wanting to chop off your dick or grow one seems pretty fucked up to me . 
  desire to harm yourself is considered a serious psychological problem . 
   like everywhere belgian high school children are taught the concept of transsexuality in society , that it is something that can occur and that no one should degrade them for them being them . 
  it is only natural that we teach our kids to be tolerant and understanding towards people with mental illness and handicaps . 
  theoretically the goal of this is to scare the immigrants off . 
  the less possibilities there are the less likely are they to go france . 
  having german citizenship means that you just have one . 
  you 'll still be afghan or whatever you were born as . 
  jewish culture is not the same as polish culture . 
  it has its own traditions , customs , clothes , music , food . 
  if you refuse to aknowledge jewish culture , you 're an antisemite . 
  the concept matters , so i assume that theoretically the concept has both zulu and latvian influences . 
  if you translate poems into latvian , then are you creating latvian culture ? 
  that would be probably latvian-zulu culture , that is not the same as latvian culture . 
  if a bantu family from south africa comes to live in latvia , then is the zulu war dance suddenly a part of latvian culture ? 
  explain this to me how are polish jews part of the polish culture even though there are big cultural differences between these two groups ? 
  how come are polish jews part of polish culture if lipka tatars have their own culture ? 
  they both have been in poland for a very long time . 
  as i said - polish culture is not the same as `` x-polish '' culture , and their websites clearly say polish culture . 
  and your point is ... ? 
  the cultural institute is meant to promote the polish culture , not * all the polish people * . 
  polish culture = / = jewish-polish culture . 
  these are different cultures , just like polish culture and tatar-polish culture . 
  im not really trying to defend anyone here , but i assume that the polish cultural institute works with the culture of ethnic poles , not with the culture of `` x-polish people '' . 
  the job of preserving and introducing the jewish-polish culture should be the duty of cultural societies and cultural associations . 
  and just with 2 seconds of googleing i found that there is such thing as jewish social-cultural association in poland that is doing just that . 
   do you have a source on that ? 
  im not polish , but this article says so . 
  idk . 
  i do n't know why is there such an outrage . 
  a director of * polish * cultural institute is , for some reason , focusing on * jewish * culture/history . 
  it 's her job to represent the polish culture , not jewish . 
  but the outrage is there probably because it 's jewish , not french , japanese , or american . 
   the only person who should get fucked , is you . 
  plz yes it has been so long, 
  hahahah fuck you everybody, 
  these words are thrown around everywhere and they have almost lost their meaning . 
  however if you are labeled like this in public , then it can seriously affect your career , friends , and family . 
  try again . 
  this sign would make your home office a lot more inspirational, 
  being labeled as an `` islamophobe '' or `` xenphobe '' by media . 
  that is weird . 
  basically every year a news pops out that someone is cured from hiv . 
  tourists *, 
  the car taxes must indeed be ridiculous because i almost did n't see a single decent car when i visited denmark . 
  most cars were like from the 90s and early 00s . 
  palestinians are ethnically arab so they can live literally anywhere in the arab world . 
  israel could take the whole palestinian area for all i care . 
  perhaps it would be best this way too - the way i see it is that israel and it 's people are worth a lot more than most arab countries . 
  i do n't know if i could explain this any further . . during the russian empire the governing senate was a legislative , judicial and executive body . 
  it theory it was supposed to control all the legal institutions of the russian empire . 
  in reality the control was weak and the bureaucracy was undeveloped . 
  for example if the tsar came up with a law , it would be really difficult to enforce it in whole russia . 
  in the soviet union all of this evolved intro proper bureaucracy and therefore the govenment was more effective . 
  the revolution happened partly because of the weak government . 
  not what i meant by this . 
  the russian empire had a very weak government and nothing ever got done . 
  the soviet union however had a lot more efficient governing system . 
  and those thing you listed happened because they were dictated by the soviet government that way . 
  holodomor was made intentionally so i do n't really see what do you mean by this, 
  tbh soviet union was governed a lot better than the russian empire . 
  soviet union also created industries and increased the economy . 
  we can only dream about what would 've been if soviet union never happened . 
  maybe the baltics would still be a part of it . 
  you do n't make any sense . 
  do you realise how `` left '' the eastern-european countries are ? 
  viljandi = fruit bounty ? 
  how does this make any sense ? 
  viljandi probably came from vilja tee = crop road . 
  so the meeting point is in poland again ... 
  the hotels are fucking expensive , especially during the summer . 
  it would be cheaper getting a decent hotel room in rome than in saaremaa . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/no-more-muhammad-comics-says-charlie-hebdo-editor-sourisseau/a-18590426 it 's only the editor and he 'll no longer draw muhammad . 
  so i guess you are right . 
  if im not wrong then they no longer depict allah or other islamic characters . 
  so i guess isis won after all . 
  such a shame . 
  the job market is starting to dry up imo . 
  the salaries are getting smaller and entry level jobs with little requirements are harder to find . 
  nothing lasts forever and i guess that bubble is getting smaller . 
  our food is not tasteless . 
  we spice it up with a little salt from our tears . 
  your understanding about how war works is wrong . 
  there is no way that the aliens would attack anything other than the united states, 
  well technically hezbollah is not a terrorist organization . 
  they are actually a radical islamic political party . 
  what a fuck is a puppey ? 
  they did like a 100 times, 
  that cooperation agreement is probably dead .
