  ukraine wont be accepted into any international organisations while there is a war going on on its soil , thus it can be leaned towards russia . 
  home of marie le pen ? 
  we probably would if we were as rich as luxembourg . 
  hard times create strong men . 
  strong men create good times . 
  good times create weak men . 
  weak men create hard times . 
  in a landlocked country . 
  great fucking idea . 
  getting a little crowded in here, 
  yes but you liked it here so much that you came here six times . 
  [ but because of gulags , our celebrities do n't look like this . 
  so it wo n't carry an average finnish woman, 
  just amazing . 
  makes me dream of stronger unity . 
  our city accepted/accepts refugees and we had a norwegian social workers who came here to lecture our people and share their experiences regarding the refugees . 
  thats where i heard about it , do n't know anything else about it though . 
  scandinavian women safe houses are filled with refugee women who discovered that after coming to europe they can leave their abusive husbands . 
  scottish and irish accents are very different from english accent . 
  lesson 1 - do n't pay blind benefits to people who are not blind . 
  trudeau is a joke , not a leader of the free world . 
  for a start you can have these guys https://youtu.be/zoaqfm0xf68?t=1m43s, 
  they never conquered estonia , eesti stronk, 
  careful fiscal policy . 
  population growth is a problem in poor developing countries , not in sweden . 
  almighty wikipedia knows everything . 
  i know exactly what im talking about . 
  in this wiki page the heads of states are divided based on to whom they are subjects to , not by their tasks and constitutional capabilities . 
   and estonian president easily falls within that category . 
  absolutely not . 
   although in this case the deciding body is the parliament . 
  only the president can name them . 
   ceremonial = / = just for ceremonies . 
  at least by what is commonly understood with a `` ceremonial president '' . 
  usually ` ceremonial presidents ' are those whose only , or main duties are awarding honours and foreign visits . 
  like the president of germany . 
   yes , delaying is her real power here . 
  delaying power is not something to be underestimated . 
  bills have deadlines . 
  president can also dismiss the parliament and announce new elections . 
   why would that even be the case ? 
  the winning party may have the least chance in forming the government , especially in our case . 
  i said `` does n't have to '' . 
   the choice of whom is pre-made . 
  not for all offices . 
  state comptroller and the chancellor of justice for example . 
   which does n't really say anything during peace time . 
  it does n't . 
  but the whole essence of it shows that the presidents office is n't just for ceremonies . 
   and must have good legal reasons for it , otherwise the parliament and the courts can override her . 
  obviously . 
  but by doing this the president can delay bills . 
  chechenya is in russia so they 'll be fine, 
  i do n't know how much power does the latvian president has , but estonian president is not * that * ceremonial . 
  it really comes down to how much the president wishes to interfere in the state policy/politics . 
  for example the president * does n't have to * give the winning party the rights to create the government , he/she only can name people in certain government institutions , he/she is the supreme leader of the national defence , he/she can decline proposed bills . 
  but due to political pressure , no president has ever decided to be very active in state policy . 
  russian president is bound to be a dictator , since he/she has the power over government , state duma , and the court system in russia . 
  the president is also the head of the army . 
  current russian president has more power than russian czars had . 
   how americans and europeans are willing to throw them as a sacraficial lamb to the russians ukraine has always leaned towards east , until now . 
  ukraine and west do not have much in common so the indifference of west towards ukraine is not a big surprise . 
  the more west you go , the less they care about ukraine . 
  you are missing the whole point . 
  this is a holocaust memorial that looks like and is treated * like an european art gallery * , thus the selfies . 
  the author of this website now tries to make those people feel guilty and make them look like assholes . 
  it 's a terrible memorial , no wonder people do this . 
  this memorial has turned into a tourism object , it no longer serves its true purpose . 
  what 's wrong with a simple statue or something ? 
  and whoever made this website is also an asshole . 
  this is not what i mean . 
  obviously it should n't be forgotten , but i do n't think that germans and germany now should feel guilty for any of this . 
  im glad that you do n't , but from the outside it seems that way , because any kid of national pride gets you labeled as a nazi . 
  i dont care for afd , but are n't you as a german tired of being associated with holocaust and ww2 already ? 
  i could imagine that it would get really annoying , especially if you had nothing to do with it . 
  i have only driven the old , soviet-age russian cars . 
  i do n't know how they are now . 
  what . . ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  not owned , but i have driven a few zhigulis and moskvich . 
  they were all pre-85 , i do n't know for sure . 
  terrible streering , acceleration , and super noisy . 
  but i suppose this was normal back then . 
  but i thought muslims do n't drink alcohol ... 
  says the guy who says that the guy who didnt get the joke didnt get the joke . 
  those brands are still being produced . 
  says the guy who did n't get the joke, 
  a few . 
  lada , gaz , uaz , and moschvich are the most famous ones . 
  the latter went bankrupt about 10 years ago . 
  go away we full, 
  surprised that nobody in eastern-europe , especially belarus and russia , has a russian car as the best selling car . 
  all of this is a little too unbelieveable . 
  the pound is falling due to uncertainty for the future and promises such as this . 
  nothing has happened yet . 
  probably none . 
  why would an italian want to be governed by a swede or a pole governed by a bulgarian ? 
  obviously it will not be * that * simple , but that is how people will see it . 
  the federation can not be achieved through democracy . 
  some italian cities are culturally worth more than entire countries .
