  why is russian the only federally official language ? 
  why is russia oppressing the minorities ? 
   why do these people get discriminated by the government and the employers ? 
  i do n't know what kind of discrimination by government are you talking about , so im going to ignore this . 
  but would you like to hire someone who only speaks indonesian , for example ? 
  it would get complicated . 
   hiv is the result of this . 
  maybe in russia , where people get fucked in the ass by their government . 
  here hiv spreads through other ways . 
  pretty much everyone i compare estonia with has less aids than we do . 
  thanks russians !, 
  i think you know why without me having to spell it out for you . 
  pretty funny coming from a swede . 
   nonsense . 
  the eu is protectionist , the uk is trying to get away from that but will probably find itself on the sharp end of eu protectionism . 
  it makes no sense whatsoever . 
  the uk is the one leaving the eu , thus applying taxes to imports and exports to the eu . 
  one of the arguments by leaders of brexit was that the eu regulations on productions is ridiculous . 
  soon they can produce however they wants , although i think countries outside the eu rather like the eu standards , so exporting will be complicated . 
   brexit was not anti immigration either , it is anti mass-immigration from poor countries that the uk has no particular ties with . 
  a more global immigration policy is far more preferable . 
  makes no fucking difference to voters . 
  its concepts are anti-globalisation and protectionism . 
  it was lead by immigration opposing chauvinistic populists . 
  alt-right = / = far right, 
   debunked by a simple wikipedia search wikipedia is not a valid source, 
   le pen is # 1 , but she has no chance to win in 2nd round . 
  yeah , that 's what # 2 means . 
  i do n't think you have paid much attention to far-right in europe . 
  so far there has been two major elections - brexit and austrian presidental elections . 
  brexit , unfortunately , was a success . 
  a win for the far-right . 
  austrian right-wing populist candidate lost by a narrow margin . 
  le pen is currently # 2 according to polls . 
  now explain to me how the far-right is not doing well electorally ? 
  in another news - water is wet, 
  nope, 
  and my parents only gave me a phone , tv , and a laptop . 
   i do n't believe this is true . 
  it honestly does n't matter to me whether you believe it or not . 
  best i can do is say that i have been told this by people who know a lot more of this subject than you . 
  find your own sources . 
  i do n't think teachers should be focusing on tests at all . 
  our education specialist have no other way of explaining our success other than the fact that our teachers mainly focus on pisa tests . 
   but stopping further immigration only scratches the surface of it explain to me how does this make any sense ? 
  it would allow the police to focus on moroccans who are already here , instead of having to dedicate a lot of effort on keeping track of those who are coming . 
  media is going apeshit over this , but he never said `` terrorist attack '' . 
  trump is nowhere near being a straightforward man , but he probably meant that whatever is happening every day in sweden is bad . 
  who the fuck still uses itunes , lol . 
  but anyway in reality this song is not popular at all . 
  in youtube it has around 150k views while there are plenty of estonian songs that have around 3m views . 
  why does the highest tower have this little sub-tower on its side ? 
  imho it kind of does n't fit in there . 
  whats the source ? 
  because i find it really hard to believe that the estonian one is correct . 
  muumitrollid, 
  from the balkans through the black market . 
  some leftovers from yugslavian wars . 
  diabetes, 
  terrorism or not , the context does not matter . 
  grenade attacks are not a common occurrence in other european countries . 
  there is probably more gdp on this picture than in some entire country . 
  what sweden is going through right now is called silent submission . 
  if you think that sweden is not being destroyed by immigration then you should visit other countries and compare . 
  and yet the swedish police claims that they can not handle malm\u00f6, 
  i think i read it somewhere that katanas are shaped like that and the steel is folded a 1000 times just because they are . 
  there is nothing beneficial about it , it 's just a cultural thing . 
  if anything it makes the sword worse . 
  countries are based on constitution . 
  no constitution , no country . 
  lithuania made a brand new one after the occupation . 
  lithuania 99 years ago is not the same lithuania that is today . 
  after the soviet occupation lithuania drawfted a new constitution thus creating a new country . 
  this might be the dumbest thing i 've read today . 
  if estonia were to hypothetically occupy these regions , then we would have as much claim or even more than russia has to crimea . 
  these lands were added to russian territory during the soviet period just like crimea was added to ukraine . 
  russia acknowledged the the territorial integrity of ukraine yet they annexed crimea anyway . 
   almost, 
  so the uk is isolating itself , leaving from european convention on human rights , passing strict surveillance laws , and now this ? 
  you could almost compare the uk with north korea . 
   when a refugee shelter gets 9000 $ for housing per refugee per month where does such thing happen ? 
  country ca n't force citizenship to those who do n't want it . 
  sweden is like soviet union that used to deny that they have any flaws , any crimes , any cripples . 
  everything is fine and the future is bright . 
  i literally proved you that citizenship was available without any exams . 
   some really got citizenship without tests , but majority did n't . 
  it 's only their fault . 
   compare it with other countries , for example , with lithuania , which gave citizenship too all people without any exams . 
  lithuania was a drafted a new constitution , that means that they basically created a new country . 
  they had to give citizenship to everyone because otherwise it would 've been discriminatory . 
   let 's get back to our imaginary situation where russia returns territory to estonia . 
  now i 'm as an expert in estonian law ( thanks to you ) can say that people in that area most likely do n't have ancestors that were citizens on estonia before 1940 . 
  they did n't register in estonian citizens ' committee movement , that 's why they will have to pass language tests . 
  so they will become second-class people in estonia for decades , just like non-estonians that lived there in 1991 . 
  there can be exceptions , just like in 1992 . 
  even now there is nothing that is stopping stateless people to gain estonian citizenship . 
  just their own will . 
  iranian constitution did not come into effect in a democratic way ( unless you truly believe that 99.5 % voters voted for it ) . 
  by wearing the hijab they are also legitimizing their oppressive regime . 
   those who were citizens in 1940 and their descendants ?
