  it is wrong to say that he was overthrown because technically he was n't . 
  what happened after was constitutional . 
  he was not `` overthrown '' . 
  he was legally removed from his position . 
  she only said that women chose to wear it , but not for what reasons . 
  and it is impossible for her to know whether they were pressured by their husbands and what would happen if a muslim women would ditch her garb . 
  in some places in the world , women are stoned to death if they dont wear it . 
  so its bullshit , just one of those new feminist-muslim symbiosis thing . 
  `` we '' who ? 
  im not sure older generation would want to . 
  may i recommend scotland ? 
  israel is n't in nato because it 's in a constant conflict . 
  what conflicts are there in baltics ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  christians do n't have to wear a cross . 
  you can not compare a cross with a burqa . 
  completely different purposes . 
  there will be no federal europe while people who have lived during a foreign occupation are still alive . 
  christians are wearing crosses and jews are wearing their dresses for completely different reasons than muslim women wear their face-veils and burqas . 
  nowhere in quran does it say that muslim women have to wear it . 
  they are wearing it because muslim men are forcinng them to . 
  its pure oppression . 
  so you want a freedom to wear a burqa , even though you never will . 
  holy fuck , how self centric and egoistic can a person be . 
  i think it is really pointless to argue here since you do n't grasp the concept of why these women decide or have to wear these clothes . 
  nothing about here is about freedom . 
  lets just pretend that we do n't know anything about the situation of muslim women , right . 
  that they are treated like property and many have already left their husbands oppressive tyranny , scandinavian women safe houses are filled with muslim women . 
  the rights of these women are already non-existent when they wear these clothes . 
  luckily we do n't have many muslims in my country . 
  the men may think whatever they want , but if there are laws that prohibit the oppression of women , then the women may finally wake up . 
  scandinavian women safe houses are already filled with refugee muslim women who came to europe and discovered that they no longer have to live under the dictatorship of their husbands . 
   or do you realize you are just treating a symptom , and hurting everyone elses freedom because of it ? 
  what freedom ? 
  to treat your wife like shit ? 
  you have definitely some fucked up understanding of the whole situation . 
  this is not just treating the symptom . 
  if the government forces freedom upon muslim women in public , then it will change in their homes too . 
  very few women truly choose to wear this outfit , but this is absolutely irrelevant collateral damage . 
   some women do choose to wear it though , and just because you disagree with this choice does not give you the right to interfere . 
  educated and voice your opinions and ensure everyone has the choice , after that they should still be able to make the choice you disagree with . 
  that 's what freedom is . 
  as i said - you have to understand why women are `` choosing '' to wear this . 
  every self-respecting welfare state has to interfere with this bullshit , since this is against every principle these countries have . 
  you are currently saying that you have the freedom to take away the freedom of another human being . 
  are you a slaver by chance ? 
  low effort shitpost . 
  the question is ` why ' muslim women are choosing to wear such attires . 
  one of the reasons is that muslim women are treated as second class citizens , if even that , who have to obey men and who belong to men . 
  the whole idea of full face veils and burqas is that the woman , and her body , belongs to her husband . 
  nobody is allowed to see it . 
  and if muslim women subconsciously and willingly wear this , then it 's a big problem where women themselves feel as objects . 
  this is not about security , this is about western values . 
  this is bigger than just an individual wanting to wear clothes they want . 
  if being oppressed is a cultural norm , then is it really a choice ? 
  well , recently on the front page there was a post about 3 democrat ` justices ' who are all about to drop dead . 
  the judges decide whether the order is following the law . 
  thats why the democrats are worried because they only have 3 supreme judges in the supreme court . 
  the us president can make executive orders , which theoretically do n't have to follow any laws . 
  supreme court and federal court can block it though . 
  these things have happened in us history before . 
  people act as if it is something unprecedented . 
  brb gon na load a cart full of dirt on top of our mountain . 
   greece \u2764 albania somehow i doubt it, 
  european countries are not independent in the sense that if you attack , figuratively , one of them , then you attack all of europe . 
  western-europe is the one who is pushing for the stronger unity and perhaps a federation and they do n't see russia as a part of this . 
  russian values are 180 degrees different than western-european ones . 
  even trading with russia will shrink at one point , because europe is actively trying to impose alternative , renewable energy . 
  im not saying that russia is less important on the list of agendas , all im saying that it is really unlikely that trump is somehow putins puppet . 
   do n't want to be in a union with fucking hungary . 
  except you are a swiss . 
  at least according to your post history . 
  you can stay there 5 days without a visa if im correct . 
  i think any cannon that fires in a straight horizontal line can be rendered useless by a star fort . 
  it would make no sense . 
  yes they have each others approval , but there is no reason why trump should be putin 's puppet . 
  russia is poor and miserable , they have nothing to offer to trump that he does not already have . 
  it like a chancellor of germany would be a puppet of the prime minister of romania . 
  this is incredibly cool . 
  i wish that someone would rebuild the ruined fortress in my home town . 
  even though when it 's rebuilt it is not the `` same '' as a real thing , it 's still better than a few ruins . 
  # ** fort ** * because apparently this is a thing in this subreddit at the moment *, 
  [ you mean like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvijm4vr7oa ), 
  `` it fell out of they sky '' , they say . 
  the connection is that the alt-right has exactly the same narrative . 
  which idea is this ? 
  single market ? 
  free movement of people , goods , services , and capital ? 
  simplification of economic and business environment is rather right wing issue than left wing . 
  your credibility is damaged by your incapability to analyze the text and seperate the important from unimportant . 
  i did not clain that malloch is alt-right and i referred to dumbasses * like * him . 
  the eu does not have political bias . 
  it 's an independent institution . 
  the eu has nothing to do with the fact that people vote leftists into the eu parliament . 
  it is absolutely infuriating when alt-right and other dumbasses like him compare the eu with the soviet union . 
  they have n't lived in either of them . 
  yeah , you win . 
  russia does not need donetsk and luhansk , they are poor and destroyed regions . 
  the status quo suits russia well .
