  how could we be on a similar level ? 
  oil shale . 
  vatican city is fucking gorgeous , but i think vatican has to annex some of italy to make room for the eu . 
  while being the coverboy for lgbt rights . 
  hard to take him as a serious politician . 
  you wont because she has been dead for about 500 years . 
  why is it shameful ? 
  unless you mean it 's a shameful behavior by namibians ? 
  deforestation means cutting down trees and not planting new trees , thus converting the land for non-forest use . 
  you do n't need to practice deforestation to produce wood . 
  so i think norway will be just fine and they do n't need to increase wood import by a lot . 
  but damn , people here do n't have a clue what `` deforestation '' means . 
  surprised that our consumption is so low . 
  clearly you are unfamiliar about how much work and effort by germans has been done to enlargen the eu to it 's current borders and how important integrity of europe is for them . 
  it would take a lot more than just cheap gas , maybe something that could be compareable with molotov -- ribbentrop pact . 
  europe , and especially germany should be interested in defending baltics , not the usa . 
  those were german and french politicians who stood for big and strong europe , that does n't end at the german border . 
  and there are still those in power who think the same - angela merkel herself considered kohl to be her role model . 
  nato will collapse the moment it 's biggest members choose not to act . 
  umm , the meeting was between the usa and eastern/central-european countries . 
  nothing to do with the eu , the eu is n't supposed to be represented here . 
  countries that want to deepen their ties with russia just have n't had enough experiences with russia to know better . 
  the farmers wo n't be too pleased about that, 
  [ yeah . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre ), 
  meanwhile wolves are terrorizing our countrysides , killing sheep , dogs , and basically everything . 
  im sorry but all of these things seem very insignificant . 
  not even compareable with what we have . 
  you should check your hearing then . 
   could it be because the west ( primarily the us , and before them france and the uk ) have been messing with the region for over a century , and israel is one of the few countries that they have not purposefully destabilized ? 
  yes , that is the reason . 
   i do n't think you know what `` robust '' means . 
  maybe you meant `` racist '' ? 
  i do n't care what you label me . 
   while no one gives a fuck in france . 
  i have noticed that france has lost touch with their cultural background , traditions , and folklore . 
  languages and dialects are one of them . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  although life here was n't as miserable as for the rest of russia . 
   ... the only reason everyone 's so afraid to stand up to them is because of `` guilt '' . 
  it 's true that jews play the victim card a lot , but israel is our only ally in the region . 
  and im going to be robust here and say that i like jews more than i like muslims . 
  big if true, 
  it happens when you allow things to go that far, 
  well but we have lost our islands !, 
  and that 's why we are independent . 
  being here for hundreds of years and still not integrated means being foreign . 
  whats different ? 
  both of those communities keep mainly to themselves . 
  im not sure how willingly are immigrants to germany learning german , but russians in estonia mostly ca n't hold a conversation in estonian . 
  both are more prone to criminal activities than the native people . 
  both are more likely to live in poverty and be on welfare . 
  both are more likely to be unemployed . 
  how are they not comparable ? 
  i consider people from other cultural spheres to be foreigners . 
  especially when they do n't speak the native language and keep to their own communities . 
  russians make up 25 % of our population . 
  10 out of 80 million people are foreigners . 
  every 8th person is a foreigner . 
  it would scare the crap out of me , since the 1/4 of our population are foreigners . 
  you know that people can see pictures from the media , right ? 
   why do you feel anger , if someone like another person ? 
  why is it such a unbelievable problem for some people ? 
  because of all kinds of sexual fetishes and gay parades get a lot of attention and coverage by the media . 
  and when people think of homosexual people , they get the mental image of gay parades and disgusting perversions . 
  ordinary homosexual people do n't participate in such events , you ca n't distinguish them from the rest of the society . 
  it 's the same thing with racism . 
  why is racism strong in homogeneous societies ? 
  it 's because these people have no experiences with people of other races , they make their evaluations based on media and media always likes to report bad things . 
  funny how the upper house generally has fancier room than the lower house , but lower house is more powerful . 
  because when have jews ever concerned themselves about the suffering of others . 
  only themselves . 
  truly a man of the people . 
  except the goverment is directly responsible for regulating marriage . 
  if you want the government to stay out of this then go and have your own marriage however you want , but it wont be legally binding . 
  post it and title it `` the first married gay couple in germany '' . 
  i bet most people do n't know who those two are anyway . 
  there are hundreds of accomplished statesmen , historians , and political scientists . 
  not everyone gets an audience like kissinger . 
  not even soros . 
  not every 94 years old man regularly meets with the leaders of the west and east . 
  sure ... 
  nobody can deny that soros is a grey eminence , just like kissinger . 
  but saying that soros wants to destroy the white race , or destroy hungary in this case , is just a tool of propaganda . 
  [ i do n't know what putin is , but nationalists love him . 
  ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2017/03/its-putins-world/513848/ ), 
  this is just gay marriage . 
  outside reddit nobody really cares . 
  universal healthcare , however , is definitely something worth thumbing your nose for, 
  i think it 's mostly renovating some older buildings so that they are good enough to host eu officials and so on, 
  russians need nationalism . 
  putin and his goons need russians to be nationalistic , it helps them to stay in power . 
  the ww2 for russians was catastrophic and the deeds of the red army were also horrible . 
  they need some kind of justification for all of this , and that is `` we saved you from the nazis ! '', 
  and `` we built your factories ! '' . 
  if russians were to treat their history like germans then they would lose their nationalistic element and people would n't have that much of a desire to vote for people like putin . 
  the constructions should 've been completed at least 6 months later , after the uk presidency . 
  i do n't understand which part you do n't understand here . 
   ... where enough politicians are technologically educated one of those guys who stood at the stage yesterday was andrus ansip . 
  he was the former pm and now he is the current european commissioner for digital single market and vice president of the european commission .
