  `` justice system '' is a man-made concept . 
  there is no universal truth to that . 
  i would say that if the families of the victims had their revenge on breivik , then it would be the ultimate justice . 
  no third party should have the right to declare what is just and what is not in such case . 
  i just like barking . 
  would 've been nicer if the netherlands did n't destroy the hopes and dreams of ukrainians . 
  [ no , i mean finland ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/finland-new-europe-problem-2016-6 ), 
  its concept may be small and simple , but it is definitely not a `` small thing '' . 
  i think that thousands of hours have been spent debating this issue in the parliament , in the government , in media , and so on . 
  all this time could 've been used for something that has more effect , such as trying to get finland rid of the `` sick man of europe '' status . 
  i think finland has more important problems in their agenda than same-sex partnership . 
  but atleast it is out of the way now . 
  but reddit is again over-hyped about this small thing . 
   but lets wait and see , so far support for a 2nd referendum and independence is n't very high . 
  how does this make any sense though ? 
  the first referendum barely failed and now the terms have changed . 
  majority of scotland voted against brexit . 
  this is cross-country skiing , the original form of skiing . 
  you 're thinking of alpine skiing . 
  many people have the desire for superiority and conflicts until they end up in the war zone themselves . 
  so the germans still have n't given up hope with the ark of the covenant . 
  also in the baltic sea , making it one of the most polluted seas in the world . 
  and before too , according to some historians . 
   as opposed to nationalistic people who are totally not insecure and trying to claim their countrymen 's achievements as their own somehow ? 
  it 's the same thing . 
  a `` global man '' is a term used by insecure people with no achievements in life . 
  `` we '' built the pyramids too , right ? 
  the concert was seriously overdosed with symbolism . 
  and it was yet again really dark and morbid , it 's supposed to be an independence day not a funeral for fucks sake . 
   but that 's not what the discussion is about . 
  im glad you realised that . 
  a serbian man born in croatia . 
  please read what i replied to . 
  i replied to a ridiculous claim that ' * venezuela and maybe some of them * ' are left wing countries . 
  in fact the whole latin-america has been leaning left for a while now . 
  because those are facts . 
  what . . ? 
   left wing ? 
  recently , venezuela and maybe some of them you have no idea what you are talking about and yet people upvote you . 
  the `` pink tide '' , aka the domnation of left-wing governments in latin america has been going on since 1998 . 
  only now the trend is starting to decline , in 2015 the first right-wing candidate mauricio macri won the presidential race in argentina . 
  because most of us did n't exist 99 years ago . 
  you have no clue about the scale of foreign help during the war of independence, 
  our country was created by us and us alone . 
  we managed to gain independence and we will be able to preserve it . 
  free media is a for-profit institution and censorship is bad for business . 
  no rational media channel would censor itself unless specifically ordered to do so by the government . 
   but on the other you have very real threat to millions of your own people , as well as the entire world . 
  false . 
  aggressive russian dictatorship is a threat to millions of their own people and the entire world . 
  democratic countries that do n't have medieval and imperialistic mentality are not going to invade other countries . 
  [ swedish media admits to censoring stories for the last five years on migrant crime ] ( https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/688999781193117696 ) [ swedish police accused of covering up sex attacks by refugees at music festival ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/11/swedish-police-accused-cover-up-sex-attacks-refugees-festival ) 64 % of swedes think that the media is being censored on the matters of immigration - ( arnstberg , karl - olov & sandelin , gunnar . 
  at least now you understand why we are `` paranoid '' when there is a rabid autocratic dog on our doorstep . 
  im pretty confident on our allies . 
  not reacting would collapse the whole alliance because why would anyone contribute to it if it wont deliver its purpose . 
  swedish government isnt a credible source when it comes to migration . 
  they even censor their own media and public institutions . 
  at least not lame enough to invade and betray a brother country in order to remain revelant in global politics . . 
  paranoid ? 
  why should we ? 
   what are the odds that it stay independent for another 100 years ? 
  pretty damn good i 'd say . 
  well it was predicted that the financial sector will suffer the most from brexit ... 
  you can always take a ferry and buy your alcohol from us , like the finns already do . 
  what a fuck, 
  of course not , but it 's a huge step towards the right direction . 
  you need to understand the concept of * why * muslim women wear headscarves and face-veils . 
  it has nothing to do with islam , but it is a systematic oppression of women . 
  what trade policy is he talking about ? 
  the eu standards that the whole world enjoys ? 
   i really do n't see the point so what you are saying is that you do n't see why muslim women should not be oppressed ? 
  too few . 
  let 's make it easy for you . 
  imagine if you own a carpentry industry . 
  would you hire someone who absolutely hates wood ? 
  http://www.migrationsinfo.se/migration/sverige/asylsokande few months ago this link worked , now it 's somehow dead . 
  and that 20 % consisted of people who have born or whose parent ( s ) were born outside sweden . 
  no i am saying that 20 % of swedish population has foreign background , over 600.000 of them are muslims . 
  you are saying that they are mostly in suburbs and ghettoes as if it 's some kind of an excuse . 
  where exactly does the money go ? 
  the 1215m for military , for example ? 
  `` new '' ? 
  really ? 
  immigrants and/or their descendants in the us are not compareable with the situation in sweden . 
  but sweden * is * a place with a lot of immigrants . 
  inhabited by the most vicious predator still left in western-europe - the squirrel . 
   right wing party , considering that these kind of parties attract countless of racists that 's a wild generalisation . 
  not all right wing parties are right/far-right on social issues . 
  most right wing parties are considered right wing because of their free market policies . 
  their social views can be totally liberal . 
  ban italy from posting pictures please . 
  it 's cheating . 
  [ no but they have a song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frhqmuyh0lg ), 
   their language should be officially one of the state languages of estonia but why ? 
  the hiv epidemic started about 15 years ago amonst russian drug addicts . 
  `` our '' hiv is very rare in europe and it probably arrived here somehow from burkina faso . 
  the hiv strains here are almost identical so it 's a proof that it is spreading amongst a certain group - drug addicts . 
  russian drug addicts, 
   there is a huge number of russians living in estonia . 
  why does n't estonia have two state languages there are 185 different ethnicities living in russia .
