   in estonia the biggest one is the centre party probably not anymore . 
  the leadership has changed and the treaty the had with united russia is now several years old and it really has no concept . 
  obviously i have been there , i practically live next to it . 
  and 90 % white is already horrible . 
  1 out of 10 people is not a swede . 
  plus these people have higher birth rates than swedes , so the percentage of swedes will go lower . 
  the fact that mainstream media is controlled by a small , biased group actually means that there is no media freedom . 
  lol and people said that isis does n't have a chance of destroying the west . 
  it is kind of funny how they think that the french elections and the us presidential elections have something in common . 
  they have absolutely no clue about the situation in europe . 
  we have been independent just for 20 years , we were chained onto soviet union for 50 . 
  you realise that making such comparisons is stupid and irrelevant ? 
  im not denying that sweden is a good welfare state that is at the top of many tables and i never claimed otherwise . 
  what i said is that sweden has turned into a multicultural hellhole where being white and swedish is soon going to be a bad thing . 
  it is funny that you are talking about propaganda , since swedish media itself is producing a lot of multicultural propaganda and organizes censorship . 
  it is odd that sweden also has a high result in media freedom , because media is sweden is nothing but free . 
  his father was captured by germans in estonia during the ww2 , but he managed to escape somehow . 
  apparently this is the reason putler does n't like us very much . 
   national identity pff . 
  and that 's why the fate of sweden is absolutely horrifying to many european countries . 
  your national identity has nothing to do with having ` real influence ' ( which sweden really does n't ) on world events or having a good football team . 
  at least there is some honor in being blown to pieces in ww3 , yours will be blown to bits by mass immigration and self-loathing . 
  ( although swedish military is not that much better than ours ) . 
  i remember that the official stance of sweden in case when russia annexes gotland is to do nothing . 
  that really says everything there is to say about sweden . 
  for nothing ? 
  how about for having the privilege of not getting kicked out of europe for being here illegally ? 
  same reason why there are troops in france . 
  it 's france . 
  i wonder how long is it going to last ... 
   becoming a swede we do n't want to be swedes . 
  we do n't want to lose our national identity that we have just regained . 
  we do n't want the face of our country to be turned into a multicultural hellhole . 
  we do n't want to be self-loathing like swedes who are ashamed of their skin color , culture , and history . 
  just for once we 'd like to be first in our country . 
  we do n't want to lose the face of our country and people . 
  where do they know that they are `` far-right '' ? 
  stupid labeling ... 
  amazing how some people think that eu actually imposes immigrants and socialism . 
  yeah , please do . 
  these laws are not followed because for some their traditions are above the laws of the country they are in . 
  and the humane way to kill animals is not letting it to bleed to death , first they kill the animal and then they let it drain . 
  wrong . 
  the animal must bleed to death . 
  usually they cut it 's throat and let it bleed without using any stuns or pain reliefs . 
  there is a reason this type of torture is banned in many countries . 
  you should learn about kosher and halal food . 
   truly hope it will never come again , it 's not worth it . 
  the balkans are still weird . 
  even in this thread you can see serbs , croats , and slovenians arguing . 
  it seems that the hatred is still very alive today . 
  i do n't wan na be * that * guy , but if you guys want people to stop torturing animals for the sake of ` tradition ' you should start with kosher and halal food production . 
  what ... ? 
  in what way does the eu deny democracy ? 
  christians are literally getting killed in africa and south-east asia just becuase they are christians . 
  shits fucked up outside middle-east too . 
  some kids drawing a swastika on a wall unknowing what it means is a `` hate graffiti '' . 
  good job , germany . 
  it 's far away, 
  christians are the most persecuted religious group in the world though . 
  and work for free ? 
  at least when you are unemployed you can get some benefits . 
  go and do some exercises, 
  i genuiely do n't understand how people here fail to see the issue . 
  i understand that it can get irritating when your home city/town is constantly crowded by large amounts of tourists . 
  that 's why i take a rifle with me every time i cross the border . 
  shits weird in there . 
  best years of my life, 
  when economic opportunities decrease then economic growth will shrink . 
  meanwhile water is wet . 
  apparently your beliefs are incorrect . 
  this is probably aimed at students and young people , they 'll pick the most dewy-eyed visions and issues for juncker 's speech . 
  north-africans were not black . 
  yeah sure . 
  you 're always right . 
  why are you talking about hate ? 
  they are both waving their banners and suggesting that they are on the right side of history . 
  [ because it 's no different than this . 
  ] ( http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4066/4314416030_9b1dbffb6b.jpg ), 
   you want us to believe that you have a brain ? 
  who is `` us '' exactly ? 
   let 's see that : what is your solution to make the wolves hunting after the wildlife , as is their nature , rather than after cattle and flocks ? 
  which are obviously easier targets . 
  literally anything other than killing wolves . 
  surrounding the pasture with 120cm 4500 volt electrical fence . 
  wolves know where prey is easy and unguarded , thus the pasture should n't be far from human settlements . 
  the farmers need to be held responsible and they should be fined if they fail to install proper security measures , but the state should offer financial aid to build such enclosures . 
  we have more wolves than france , we 've been through this and the loss of sheep has been declining year after year . 
  embarrassing, 
  whatt do you think is meant by `` taking action against the wolves '' ? 
  making them vegetarians ? 
  so fuck nature , cut the trees and kill the wildlife ? 
   `` natural loss '' my ass . 
  maybe the farmers should take better care of their animals ? 
  you ca n't just go and destroy wildlife when it becomes an inconvenience . 
  i thought those times were over . 
  there are only 360 wolves in the whole of france ? 
  in this case farmers should just fuck off and consider this a natural loss . 
  you do n't really know much about agriculture it seems . 
  food comes from the supermarket , right ?
