  it 's cool because it gives you a short overview of our life throughout history , but as a museum it is not that interesting . 
  do n't get your genderfluid on me, 
  why are finns so much cooler than the rest of us . . 
  after the war germany was divided and it had no power to ask kalingrad , or k\u00f6ningsberg , back . 
  people in narva recognize estonian authority over them and they are gladly part of estonia for good many reasons . 
  according to this logic there are many tiny dots of turkish territory in germany , because there are some districts that are mostly populated by turks . 
  london is probably divided by pakistan , india , and several african and arab countries . 
  a more extreme example is that the 13 of 22 republics of russia are not russian territory , because russians are a minority in there . 
  what exactly makes it russian territory ? 
  yes , it * currently * is largely populated by russians , but it historically has also been danish and swedish . 
  even when estonia was in the russian empire , narva was included in estonian territory . 
  the more power developing countries get in the world stage , the less meaningful human rights will be . 
  believing a fairy tale is just a small part of being religious . 
  what a fuck ? 
  monarchs are not just political figures . 
  they are also the symbols of the country . 
  and every country can design their euro coins however they want . 
  he was n't a man of great speeches . 
  there is n't a lot of meat in a dog either . 
  the biggest predator in this forest is probably a fox or something . 
  western-europe has lost wolves and bears , sadly . 
  that 's right . 
  it 's actually like 85 % . 
  this is not the point . 
  the point is that the ability to ban `` fake news '' and label some news as `` fake news '' gives them the ability to publish it 's own fake news . 
  this is happening in russia already . 
  ordinary citizens are not going to do their own fact searching , they trust the news . 
  us presidental election was a fine example of that . 
  this is paradoxical because the government gets to decide what is and what is n't fake news . 
  neighbouring muslim countries should invite palestinians to live in their country and provide them housing and jobs . 
  that is the best solution for peace . 
  israel should just occupy the whole west bank and gaza and be done with it . 
   whatever-the-fuck kind of grouping you want to make . 
  that is literally the fucking case . 
  every country in the world has their own idea of nationality and nation . 
  get out of your fucking bubble , the whole world does n't revolve around russia . 
  your downvotes make your arguments even more pathetic . 
  i do n't know , but i assume that statistics of developed countries are more accurate . 
  if india truly has this low homicide rate , then it 's great !, 
  how do you know if the homicide rates in the poorer countries are correct ? 
  half of my comment was a joke . 
  i think most homicides in india are not even reported . 
  if they find a corpse , they dump it in ganges and be done with it . 
  the word `` group '' under un 's genocide article is very loose . 
  if you only kill farmers by millions , for example , then it would n't be genocide , because some fucktard on reddit says that farmers are not a national , ethnic , racial , or religious group ? 
  i see kulaks as a national group , they were people who were independent farmers , who were also a part of ukraine . 
  if you are able to hold your thoughts longer than 5 seconds , then you are able to understand this . 
  if not , well ... just look at the mirror . 
  im not interested in putting down russians . 
  i wish that people treat the soviet crimes the same way they treat the crimes of nazi germany . 
  this thread is over a week old and i 've explained how kulaks are a group like 3 times in this thread . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  it is the only ` country ' that uses plastic coins . 
  not a single nordic producer would sell us electricity ( and build the infrastructure ) cheaper than the local producers . 
  it would be madness . 
  not everyone has as good access to renewable energy sources as norway , denmark , or the netherlands . 
  there are only a few places where winds are strong enough for it to be worth installing wind turbines . 
  we already have quite a few of them , but people already complain . 
  we are far from trusting nuclear energy , solar panels are expensive and they are only worth it during the summer , we have some water turbines but generally we lack strong water currents . 
  turning junk into energy is still costly . 
  yeah , surely the greatest world powers think the same way . 
  nato is not beneficial to usa , it 's beneficial to europe . 
  if the usa did n't have a grudge against russia , then they would 've quit it a long time ago . 
  wait what . . ? 
  your labour was exploited in the soviet union , not the other way around . 
  they are more like mutually beneficial rather than one influencing the other . 
  i do n't really believe that ` putin influencing trump ' talk . 
  yeah maybe he helped to leak some documents that put clinton in bad light , but i do n't think that trump has that much to gain from being influenced by putin . 
  putin absolutely despises clinton . 
  you should also tell your mom to acquaint you with the latest plane-related accidents in russia . 
  during the early 20th century there were different values than now . 
  in both germany and nambia . 
  it would be morally wrong and unfair to current generation . 
  elizabeth is the face and soul of uk . 
  ca n't imagine england without her . 
  russians really should n't fly airplanes . 
  since we 're talking about things that happened in the past , then i 'd mention , that estonia won a war against the soviet union , or the rsfsr . 
  it 's really funny that russia actually has the biggest neo-nazi movements in the world and the principles of fascism are really popular in the government of russia . 
  well that 's twice longer than norway, 
  proably a journalist, 
  this is actually a very common opinion, 
  what does leaving the eu have to do with racism ? 
  edit : jesus christ , it was a hypothetical question . 
  `` thank you for not being angry for what happened in berlin '', 
  syrian conflict is very useful for putin , since it turns the attention away from ukrainian war . 
  yes we can . 
  just not in western-europe . 
  it will be difficult since they have n't even begun yet . 
  facts are facts . 
  mass murders ? 
  [ please check this out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_australia ) . 
  hopefully you 'll understand how ridiculous your statement is . 
   australia banned guns , and gun violence went down enormously . 
  look at hard data , and take decisions from there . 
  gun violence went down , but the murder rates basically did n't change . 
  it is so in every country that has banned guns . 
  so if you had a gun , then you would instantly go and murder bunch of people ? 
  you realise that european part of france is not all of france ? 
  guns are not the problem , you can kill people with knives too . 
  the problem is that people do n't understand the value of life .
