  there were `` fake gays '' during the soviet period , where people were arrested just because there were rumors of them being gay . 
  is this amusing to you ? 
  some other organization or country should stand up for them , not lgbt groups . 
  more fuel for the fire , i 'd say . 
  im sure most of the `` gays '' in chechnya are not even gays . 
  they are just some people who were troublesome or in the way of someone important . 
  it 's just a excuse to make them disappear . 
  do n't like your neighbour ? 
  call the cops and tell them he is gay !, 
  lgbt networks standing up for `` gays '' in chechnya gives the authorities an opportunity to say that those people really are gay , even the lgbt groups are supporting them !, 
  our economies have been significantly growing . 
  what kind of growth would you expect in 30 years ? 
  i think we have been doing great . 
  south korea and japan received a lot of financial and technological aid from the usa , which resulted in huge growth of industries and technology . 
  hong kong is a tiny country that , just like many other countries , has been kind with corporation taxes . 
  do n't you think that it 's a little too big of a coincidence that all countries next to russia are considerably poorer and less productive than their western counterparts ? 
  it takes decades and hundreds of years to develop a productive , healthy , and welathy society . 
  the system of ussr just did n't enable it . 
  only after its collapse things have started to move in the right direction . 
  those were radically different systems , ca n't even compare with the ussr, 
   i had not realised that the libyans has threatened and almost succeeded to occupy the whole europe . 
  are you on drugs ? 
  how much time did you spend in the ussr ? 
  did germans want to be occupied after ww2 ? 
  of course not . 
  but it 's for the best . 
  yes . 
  what are the considerably better solutions ? 
  because as far as i know marshall plan went pretty well for western-europe . 
  i see no reason why a similar plan should n't work for libya . 
  like what ? 
  there is a civil war going on between many factions . 
  libya will remain a failed state for a very , very long time . 
  do you know what is going on in libya ? 
  because if you did then you probably would n't say such a thing . 
  it would be better to occupy libya and physically stopping the migration business . 
  rural life is dying because it was artificially kept alive during the soviet period due to kolkhozis . 
  many of those dying rural areas were also artificially populated . 
  by artificial i mean that there is no sane reason why anyone would willingly go and live in those places . 
  urbanizing is a natural process that happens in every developed countries . 
  your relatives must be living in another universe, 
  t_d is not russian propaganda , just stupid americans . 
  im 100 % sure that esa * can * land on the moon , if there was a necessity for it . 
  im going to say that you 're a faggot . 
  i suppose you are not going to simply deny this nor attack me , because attacking the source and not giving counter-arguments is just pathetic . 
   i know that it 's just your ignorance the irony fucking burns . 
  please think more than 5 seconds about why i said the previous thing . 
  i obviously did n't mean it literally , you insane fuck . 
  your country is like your family , your community , or your tribe . 
  it 's united through many things such as culture , language , or religion . 
  being loyal and caring about your country is a normal relationship to have . 
  having special bond and sharing identity with your country is a natural survival mechanism . 
  not being proud of your country means that the relationship between you and your society is problematic . 
  young people throwing out arguments like `` luck being born into a random country is not something to be proud of '' is extremely problematic social problem , it means that the society is sick . 
  what is next ? 
  you are not being proud of your parents or your kids , since they are what they are because of randomness anyway ? 
   national pride is mostly cancer anyway . 
  holy shit, 
  they have really killed the national pride of swedes . . 
  you completely missed the point, 
  so what you are saying that if there are no brown and gay people then the society can never be diverse ? 
  ukraine is ethnically diverse country that has many different languages and cultural groups . 
  saying that ukraine does n't respect diversity just because they are hostile against lgbt groups is just your stupid attempt to push your own agenda . 
  just ... no . 
  how is it our fault ? 
  the few black people we have are decent and smart people . 
  black people in london and paris live in ghettos and have extremely negative stigma . 
  you have caused this with your policies . 
  and the whole world can see what is going on in those places . 
  this has nothing to do with lgtb . 
  ` diversity ' has more meaning than just diversity of sexualities . 
  countries like uk and france are to blame for this , because they have created a very negative image of black people . 
  i do n't know what the fuck are you talking about , but the fact that the status quo is remains relatively unchanged means that the society enables it . 
  it does n't happen in modern societies and there is no point poiting fingers at western world . 
   not ethnically seperated what ?? 
  i 'd do pretty well in there , unlike the conspiracy theorists in here . 
  not our dictators , not in the 21st century . 
  we 've evolved from dictatorship to a democratic country that is one of the freest in europe . 
  i hope you realize how badly you fucked up by saying this . 
  do n't forget teletubbies , winnie the pooh , and the sneezy from the seven dwarfs . 
  if it 's that easy to put dictators and war criminals in power then there must be something seriously wrong with the society . 
  at least for european standards . 
  try doing this in european countries . 
  i know what the point is . 
  that muh europeans shaped our borders and now all we have is war and misery . 
  instead of pointing fingers they should be sarcastic about their own flaws . 
  i think arabs should think about reshaping their own borders for more stable and peaceful future . 
  your ability to grasp the context is of a 4 year old kid, 
  anger ? 
  dude this is hilarious . 
   polish public media  pure goverment propaganda so which is it ? 
  yes . 
  they label it patriotism , but in truth it is pure fascism . 
  what a fuck are you talking about ? 
  there was the biggest neo-nazi gathering in st petersburg a few years ago that was fully approved by the city . 
  plus russia has the biggest number of neo-nazis and fascists in the world . 
  those guys are loved in russia . 
  your neckbeard is reeking, 
  `` hereditary monarch '' is n't an argument , you silly . . 
   i did n't vote for him .
