   i know that you did n't watch the video nor do you know anything about the quality of telesur i did , did n't you see what i wrote ? 
   but what source would you find acceptable ? 
  pbs ? 
  yes . 
   can you find sources that disprove the claims made in this video ? 
  this video description is a hilarious example of classic piece of propaganda . 
  and the video itself - a weird obscure studio , a guest whose name appears in those weird podcasts and `` alternative '' webpages/news sites , the show itself appears in the rt network in the us . 
   . . to point out such an obvious fact . 
  what facts ? 
  all you have said that those people are all conspiracy theorists to you and that some things you 'd like are not mentioned . 
  i know that you did n't watch the video nor do you know anything about the quality of pbs . 
  but what source would you find acceptable ? 
  russia today ? 
  sputniknews ? 
  can you find sources that disprove the claims made in this video ? 
   citation needed https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo-9rttqyle&amp;app=desktop, 
  vladimir putin himself played a part of this while he was an official in st. petersburg . 
  [ context ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyyw8s7uyru ), 
  king of england who went to england twice in his life and hated it . 
  little do they know that the political spectrum is actually a circle , so by moving further to the right they will end up on the far-left . 
  what does schengen have to do with it ? 
  it 's the external borders that are leaking . 
  this is even funnier because western-europe has treated eastern-europe like a piece of shit that is definitely not on par with them . 
  eastern-europe knows what solidarity is , we have more reasons to know . 
  surely more than western-europe . 
  holocaust was n't really a part of ww2 or the conflict . 
  they did it regardless of the war . 
   it 's not an event that deserves a special mention in the context of wwii . 
  it was the first and only time in history where people were murdered in an industrial fashion . 
  mart kuus , an estonian mushroom-salesman who [ single-handedly ( almost ) beat an army of finnish police officers using fighting techniques from the east . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyyw8s7uyru ), 
  compared to russia that is an authoritarian country we are indeed a `` free world '' . 
  everything good that ever happened in russia came through the baltics . 
  the russian revolution too , unfortunately . 
  i personally do n't understand anything since i learned german at school . 
  my friends who used to learn russian are not good at it either , they just mostly know the swear words . 
  when you do n't get any practice you 'll just forget it . 
  30 years ago the whole eastern block knew russian . 
  it was a relevant language from the central-europe to central-asia . 
  now you would be lucky to find a person under 30 who is fluent in russian . 
  the spread of russian language has been significantly diminished . 
  it 's stupid to compare baltic languages with russian - our languages were never in such position that russian used to be . 
  now i do n't know about poland , but here in estonia vietnamese illegal border crossers get caught every now and then . 
  fuck the tunnel . 
  we need a wall . 
  i do n't think that caucasus region countries are part of the european state of mind . 
  yes they belong to several european organisations , but they are still very different . 
  but debating whether or not those countries are part of europe can take forever and does n't really lead anywhere so im going to let it be . 
  azerbaijan does n't border what most of us consider europe . 
  forgot belarus , unfortunately . 
  and those small countries do n't really count . 
  europe is now bordered by two * ( forgot belarus , so it 's three ) dictatorships . 
  of course they are dressed and fed . 
  they have money , they came prepared . 
  the problem is that we do n't have anywhere to put them . 
  bullfighting is a tradition . 
  public execution was a tradition . 
  right of the first night was a tradition . 
  buring of witches was a tradition . 
  should we bring all those horrible traditions back because all traditions should have a place in western society ? 
  those are not refugees , they are opportunists . 
  they need to be sent back . 
  the fact that the outrage comes from mostly outside of russia proves his/her point . 
   right , because people feeling neutral to mildly annoyed that some sculpture is being removed will initiate a violent riot about it did n't it get violent when the counter protests happened ? 
   and soviet occupation is part of estonia 's history . 
  do you celebrate that ? 
  soviets were foreign power . 
  soviet statues symbolise foreign power , it 's not part of our history . 
  confederate statues however are part of american history and whatever happened back then helped to shape the us today . 
  the goal of statues is not to celebrate something , the goal of statue is to commemorate . 
  i believe them being nazis and hating people of colour is a huge exaggeration . 
  the violence is caused by both sides after all . 
  they should not remove the statue though , it 's part of american history . 
  was in the military , so yeah . 
  since statues of the soviet union are statues for foreign power , it does n't count . 
  so the most similar analogy in estonia might be the statue of our first president konstantin p\u00e4ts , which does n't exist yet , but talk of creating one is causing a huge stir since he was an authoritarian . 
  im personally for creating the statue , since it 's * our * history , no matter which side of history he was on . 
  and thus i also think that the removal of the confederate statue in the usa is wrong . 
  it 's pretty much accepted here that current millennials will not be receiving retirement pension from the state . 
  probaby on some loneley islands , we have a lot of them . 
  for a few days during a vacation , why not . 
  but not live . 
  it would get very miserable very fast . 
  the initiative has to come from inside kosovo , not by some separatist groups but from the government . 
  his campaign was pretty straight forward and honest , he has huge plans to redesign the french economy that has followed the same principles since ww2 . 
  but that 's what it is . 
  everything is business . 
  there are spiritualists who can take you to a `` spirit journey '' for a couple hundred euros , you can participate in spiritual yoga camps , also for a couple hundred euros . 
   how is trying to find answers for purpose of creation/life and such `` stupid shit '' ? 
  because it 's a business . 
  for a couple hundred euros those fortune tellers will tell you the purpose of your life . 
  and business is booming . 
  that 's got ta be us . 
  clairvoyant , fortune-tellers , and witches are super popular here . 
  english and german . 
  i regret that i did not pay attention in german class , now i can barely introduce myself in german . 
  society is held together by common understandings and beliefs . 
  once you kill someone , you violate those principles thus you are no longer a part of the society . 
  few people could sit calmly next to a murderer or interact with them , it 's a natural instinct to be cautious to those who could harm you . 
  and attempting to reduce murders by respecting murderers is probably just going to devalue human life and encourage more murders .
