  oil business ... 
  they all produce oil so there really is n't any trade between them . 
  iirc some qataris just bought russian oil producers . 
   knew oooo . 
  knew what ? 
  is there some kind of universal truth that they discovered ? 
  if i was , then people like breivik would n't be enjoying their time in luxury prisons . 
  probably not . 
  although im a fan of ` eye for an eye ' type of punishment . 
  it makes no sense . 
  where is the problem ? 
  a reason that has no reasonable explanation, 
  so it literally falls into un description of genocide . 
  i do n't understand what part you do n't understand . 
  i wonder if you still say that after you are a victim of a brutal crime, 
  just think about it . 
  minorities usually live amongst eachother . 
  they talk in their languages , most or all of their friends are of their nationality , their culture surrounds them , and they probably get their news from their home country . 
  there is no reason they should be loyal to austria , even though they live in austria , everything austrian is alien to them . 
  the fewer the number the more likely they are to be loyal to austria than turkey . 
  if the number is in hundreds of thousands then it 's obvious that they are loyal to turkey rather than austria . 
  and that is not just turkish peculiarity , it is so with every large minority . 
  so there it is . 
  a part of national group that were kulaks and did private farming . 
  wikipedia, 
   genocide is intentional action to destroy a people in whole or in a part . 
  as i said , kulaks and private farmers were the targets , people who failed to match the grain quota . 
  to answer your question - if you ask a random person to name some genocides , they 'll probably only manage to mention the holocaust and maybe the armenain genocide . 
  what do western people know of the soviet crimes ? 
  virtually nothing because soviets were on the winning side of the ww2 . 
  labeing it as a genocide brings more light to what the soviets have done and perhaps it would grant some justice for the victims of the soviet terror that is long overdue . 
  that 's an obvious point . 
  however genocide does n't mean that the target has to be a specific ethnic group . 
  [ russia has the highest level of wealth inequality in the world , by the way ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/russia-billionaire-wealth-inequality/25132471.html ) oligarchs feed the people with propaganda so the people are pleased . 
  and the results of war are profiting , for exaple russia wants to build a gas pipe through syria , which can only be done when assad is in power . 
  let me shock your world - everything revolves around money . 
  everything russia does is about money - annexing crimea , keeping the conflict going in eastern ukraine , having a war in syria . 
  they are doing all of it for the reason that it will bring in money and keep the current oligarchs in power . 
  the only difference between the west and russia is that russian citizens will never see a single ruble , only the oligarchs . 
  however crimea belonged to ukraine . 
  do you think it would be as easy for estonia to take back pechory , that belonged to estonia before soviet occupation but that was later given to russian ssr ? 
  and it is a proven fact that russian troops are in fact fighting in eastern-ukraine . 
  if those `` separatists '' want to leave ukraine , then what is stopping them from physically moving to russia , like normal people ? 
  ussr and it 's allies had a `` an enemy of my enemy is my friend '' situation . 
  you realise that cold war happened soon after the ww2 ? 
  does n't look very friendly to me . 
  usa has over 700 military bases because they are actually allies with other countries . 
  what allies does russia have , other than belarus , armenia , transnistria , and some - stan countries ? 
  and im pretty sure russia has military bases in all of them . 
  im not going to justify the actions of usa , they were wrong . 
  but the actions of usa does not justify russia . 
  and sanctioning usa is kind of self-sanctioning for every country , because usa is a big and wealthy market . 
  that ca n't be said for russia . 
  and what genocide is israel currently commiting ? 
  also there is not a single country ( well maybe some tiny island nations ) that is not doing any spying . 
  the mouse is under sanctions and due to its agressive behavior in ukraine and georgia . 
  the mouse never had `` a lot of buddies '' due to reasion that the mouse has been agressive towards its neighbours for hundreds of years . 
  russia does not need to feel worried about the military presence in their neighbouring countries if it abondens its agressive and warmongering foreign policy . 
  what corner ? 
  who is going to attack the mouse ? 
  and what makes you think the mouse is alone ? 
  russia is not a bear . 
  it 's a miserable wasteland . 
  russians tell themselves that russia is a mighty bear just to have atleast some illusion of greatness . 
  genocide is intentional action to destroy a people in whole or in a part . 
  the targets of holodomir were kulaks and private farmers . 
  the soviets forcefully collected food from the villages that were unable to fulfill the grain quota ( only 1500 villages of 25000 were able to fulfill that quota ) . 
  first they took meats and potatoes , later they took other food that were stored , including seeds . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  you need to understand that the whole world does not share the same values that the western world does and you are not to say what is right and wrong . 
  yes . 
  you are always right . 
  people who think like you are always right . 
  everyone else is stupid and their views are wrong . 
  jesus fucking christ , i do n't agree with the average russian view on this matter , but atleast i try to understand their point of view . 
  you should try to do this too instead of being a bigot . 
  there is no universal truth to it , so yes . 
  in russian world that is actually based on religion and soviet legacy . 
  so it is not prejudice , it 's a clear stance . 
  no it does not . 
  prejudice is , for example , belief that gay people steal little kids . 
  dislike is just irrational atitude . 
  so what ? 
  it 's not like they have any rights in turkey anyway . 
  oxford dictionary for example . 
  it is according to a dictionary . 
  middle-east is not ukraine . 
  no it is not . 
  homophobia is fear/hate towards homosexuals . 
  they just think it 's unnatural , sinful , and should n't be encouraged and promoted . 
  do n't throw around nouns that you do n't know the meaning of . 
  there is really no reason to learn estonian in narva , for example , because ~ 85 % people there are russians . 
  who are they going to speak to in estonian ? 
  everywhere else it 's a different case though . 
  i had to learn german in my school , russian was n't even an option . 
  some people , especially older generation say that you 'll need russian anyway and it 's a very important language in basically every career choice . 
  so far i have not seen the necessity for russian language . 
  and considering how russia is behaving we are going to need it even less . 
  i do n't think it was a decision based on fear or hate for homosexuals . 
  interpol is russias lapdog .
