  yeah , the `` average '' sucks and really does n't tell us anything . 
  for example te median net worth of an australian is ten time the median net worth of someone in the us . 
  but `` average '' shows us that an `` average '' american is ~ 10 000 dollars wealthier than an `` average '' australian . 
  russia has highest level of wealth inequality and it 's boosting the gdp up . 
  an average russian is a lot poorer than an average latvian . 
  russias `` doorstep '' . 
  ca n't titles get any more provocative ? 
  besides poland is nobodys doorstep . 
  it 's an independent country that should n't be treated as a doorstep or a border to another country . 
  and denmark calls itself nordic . 
  pff . . 
  you know what 's fun at 4am ? 
  sleep . 
  [ every babuskha is a towelhead ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7f/c4/42/7fc4428ab27683cd55cb4ddf5a460d29.jpg ), 
  we had that with our previous president too . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  i think it 's great that the head of the state is also a human being . 
  its power is still weak , the commission has a near monopoly over the legislative initiative . 
  why do you think why countries send politicans who they want to get rid of to the ep ? 
  like farage . 
  european parliament has power only in theory . 
  practically they are there just to give an illusion of some sort of democracy . 
  some would say it 's a bad omen, 
  because this is iraq . 
  it 's a constant war-zone where these things are normal . 
  but yeah , israel is also more important . 
  blue is the reflection of sky , lakes , and seas . 
  black is the colour of dirt and our ethnic garment . 
  white is for the endeavor towards happiness and enlightenment . 
  originally it was the flag of a student union . 
  miss france was dark , because french guiana is also france . 
  a black girl winning the title of miss helsinki is the same as a man winning this title . 
  no it is not . 
  welfare state is a general term . 
  i 'll remind you that we are living in the 21st century . 
  what defined nationalism during the french revolution is no longer relevant today . 
  even during the ww2 and interwar period the defenitions were different than today . 
   patriotism is similar insofar as it emphasizes strong feelings for one 's country , but it does not necessarily imply an attitude of superiority . 
  nationalism is so far apart from patriotism . 
  first of all nationalism is more of an ideology . 
  an ideology that insists on the greatness of the country and the superiority of its people . 
  patriotism is simply love of ones country and its * good * deeds and accomplishments . 
  you wouldnt sing the anthem if you despise your country . 
  i am proud to call myself a patriot of my country and hometown , but i definitely am not a nationalist . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  there is no clear definition of a welfare state . 
  but its fundamental aspect is that the state is taking responsibility of the social-economic security of their citizens through policies and social systems . 
  i ca n't really think of a single european country that completely neglects its citizens . 
  nationalism is an ideology , patriotism is a positive attitude towards their country or region . 
  patriotism is pride towards the culture and accomplishments of the country . 
  no they are not . 
  people sing the national anthem before the football match because of patriotism . 
  people celebrate independence day because of patriotism . 
  you have the flag of your country as your flair because of patriotism . 
   install welfare state what does that even mean ? 
  almost every country in europe is a welfare state . 
  nationalism is being blindly proud about everything your country does or has ever done . 
  patriotism is being proud of the good things your country has done . 
  i think if your country used to be the seat of the roman empire is then it is something to be proud of . 
  you dare say all of this is nationalism ? 
  92 % of them are albanian anyway . 
  damn people age fast in romania, 
  i like those borders, 
  the average quality of life and income has risen in every country that has joined the eu . 
  getting closer with the eu rather than russia is more beneficial to ukraine in every possible aspect . 
  russia is a poor and corrupt oligarchy and so is ukraine , but the association agreement is a step to the right direction . 
  getting closer to the eu is within the interests with the ukraine . 
  getting closer with russia is within the interests of oligarchs and poor old fucks who just do n't know any better . 
  so no , absolutely no sympathy for them . 
  and suddenly you know what we 're talking about . 
   shopping for multicultural food and cultures what, 
  [ i really like the cgp grey video about this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu ) . 
  sorting out important information and understandind metaphors has never been a strong suit of putinbots . 
  obviously not literally golden . 
  it would make a terrible furniture . 
   i think he cared about ukraine more than poroshenko . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  this man had a villa with golden furniture . 
  this is not the consenquence of maidan . 
  the consenquence of maidan was that they got rid of yanukovych and ukraine now leanas towards europe more than ever . 
  russia just took advantage of the situation and invaded ukraine . 
  why hobbits . . ? 
  fuck , we 're not east enough . 
  clearly you havent been to baltics or russia . 
  it 's one of the most famous books in the world . 
  i think that people are buying those just for the sake of having one . 
  i would like to have one , even though it is an incrediby boring and insane book . 
  300 000 people per year seems like an awfully small number, 
  i 've heard that fiat multipla is a real chick magnet . 
  lol mate ... 
  i had a 2001 seat ibiza , a two-doored nightmare . 
  i spent 20x of the cars value in repairing it . 
  a bicycle . 
  you do n't know my life, 
  i was born and bred in a garage , therefore im a car . 
  please do n't set me on fire . 
  this peaceful protest puts you in a pathetic victim role . 
  the murderers do n't feel sorry , they feel superior . 
  and do n't pretend this was a random event . 
  it was sparked by a murder,
