   they are not poor either , as i 've seen they had bmws and one is posing with loads of euro bills ( big bancnotes ) . 
  gypsies and money are a funny combination . 
  they rarely do any legal work , mostly just some schemes . 
  and when they have money they buy cars , jewellery , and fancy clothes . 
  but their houses look like they are about to collapse . 
  they never spend a cent on renovating or anything . 
  so when you have an ugly old house in your neighbourhood that has a brand new bmw in front of it , then the house probably belongs to a gypsy . 
  no , it 's for keeping the mexicans out . 
   of course there are multiple reasons , but you failed to mention the obvious one . 
  the reason numbers changed so drastically after 1933 is because of the holocaust and any other reason is negligible in comparison . 
  i did n't * fail to mention the obvious one * because it is fucking obvious . 
  stop being so fucking pedantic . 
  i think you are the one who needs a little push . 
  obviously the number of jews are down because of holocaust , but not identifying as a jew might also be a cause for the decrease of jews because there are only around 6 million jews in the world . 
  i hope i made it simple enough for you . 
  captain fucking obvious to the rescue . 
  get your priorities right, 
  i believe the norwegians are full of dope . 
  they have just managed to hide it very well . 
  it might be because many people do n't recognize themselves as jews anymore . 
  there has been a few generations since 1933 . 
  every ex-soviet state should have their own dog breed because the soviet ministry said so . 
  [ so we have an estonian hound . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_hound ), 
  probably . 
  does n't mean that people should n't have those feelings or that they are wrong in any way . 
  so what ? 
  desire for superiority is part of the human nature . 
  of course the concept of this is backwards and wrongs by todays standards and every country that still has that mentality is shunned upon . 
  but looking back when people had different morals and mentality , i see no reason why you should n't be proud of the accomplishments of your ancestors . 
  after all their actions have brought us here today . 
  no , but i understand russians who are proud . 
   there is nothing to be proud of . 
  owning half of the world * is * a thing to be proud of . 
  are n't you proud if you beat everyone else in a game of sports event ? 
  what kind of problems ? 
  so what is the point in differentiating the ` unionists ' and ` nationalists ' if what the nationalists want ca n't be achieved in legal way anyway ? 
  stop supporting the authoritarian regime then, 
  so is it possible for the parliament to pass an independence referendum and join ireland ? 
  or break off from the uk without an referendum ? 
   also , i like how you completely ignored the wrong timeline of yours no kidding ? 
  the 1946 event is just a proof that the soviet union was systematically oppressing the ukrainians , holodomor was not a random event . 
  1946-1947\u00a0800 .000 ukrainians died of hunger , the soviet union did n't give a fuck . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_famine_of_1932%e2%80%9333  the soviet famine of 1932 -- 33 affected the major grain-producing areas of the soviet union . 
  the subset of the famine within ** the ukrainian soviet socialist republic and the kuban , all of which were heavily populated by ukrainians , is referred to as holodomor . 
  ** you are right . 
  im an ignorant because im trying to reason with you . 
  holodomor happened in ukraine , thus by saying kulaks i meant ukrainian independent farmers . 
  i do n't need history lesson from a russian , i can read fairy tales from elsewhere . 
  in the old english ` wer ' meant ` man ' . 
  * wer * ewolf basically means man-wolf . 
  the word ` man ' meant human . 
  because rooting out `` nationalist '' elements in soviet union was a good excuse for killing people they did n't like . 
  holodomor was ideologically aimed towards rooting out ukrainians as such . 
   that being said , kulaks are a class . 
  yes , they were targeted . 
  it 's literally the whole reason behind communism . 
  they are the `` bourgeois . '', 
  does n't mean what the soviet union did was n't genocide . 
  '' . . acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group '' the targets of holodomor were kulaks , who were ukrainian independent farmers , and `` nationalist '' people . 
  the hardest year was 1946 , yet the soviet union gave france , bulgaria , czechoslovakia , romania , and poland 105000 tons of grain . 
  it falls under un definition of a genocide . 
  hopefully an average swedish man has more pride than you do . 
  you would think that finland would go on the offensive if russia were to attack sweden from the sea ? 
  this would be exactly what russia wants . 
  it 's far from being a symbolic gesture . 
  it 's a foreign policy decision , the stance portugal took will have an effect on their foreign relations . 
   bad agricultural policies enforced forcibly taking away peoples food and seeds during a famine is not a policy . 
  it 's murder . 
  actually we have a permission by the netherlands to call them holland . 
  babies and disabled people are usually not included in such statistics . 
  bosnia and herzegovina is basically a two-state system . 
  make your guess . 
   wish we used the bolshevik way to deal with monarchs you mean murdering the children and later desecrating their corpses ? 
   ad hominems that 's what im here for . 
  some people have already done this apparently . 
   i had n't noticed a specific pattern it seems that the problem is with your analyzing capabilities . 
  * people * do n't care . 
  the hivemind of reddit does . 
  does n't happen with estonian youth , wont happen with swedish . 
  what ... ? 
   actually , such aid is the best way to stabilize countries and prevent wars and terrorism . 
  yeah . . no . 
  humanitarian aid is material and logistic assistance that is a short term solution until the government can offer the same . 
  development aid is meant to solve socioeconomic issues . 
  none of them offer political stability . 
  syria was fine , their gdp per capita was the same as albania . 
  did they end up in civil war and constant terrorism because they did n't receive development and humanitarian aid ? 
  why is n't albania in chaos ? 
  the eu * needs * to pay its fair share . 
  development and humanitarian aid is not protecting us . 
  of course it was a traumatic experience , but he did n't lost his child . 
  now think for at least 5 seconds , perhaps you will understand the difference of the mentality the survivor and the family might have . 
  he was one of the organisers . 
  he was n't the one who lost family, 
  scandinavian justice system is built for petty criminals , not mass murderers . 
  i seriously doubt that any of the victims family is happy with the treatment breivik is getting . 
   estonia ca n't sort out it 's issues with statelessness for decades now ... 
  there is nothing to sort out . 
  a country should n't force citizenship onto people .
