  since the refugee crisis the uk has taken in up to one million refugees . 
  i assume because jews like to declare that they were the biggest victims in ww2 and later . 
  yeah i would trust a greek more than a czech when it comes to greek matters, 
  there are pretty huge differences . . 
  you have to pay taxes to a country where you have been physically living for at least 6 months . 
  but where are the rest 22 % living ? 
  in a cave ? 
  ethologists would laugh at what you just said . 
  it 's an animal instinct to kill on every opportunity because food is never guaranteed . 
  carnivores also need to teach their offsprings how to kill . 
  `` we do n't see a future for the wolf in switzerland . 
  they kill for fun '' the only `` animal '' who kills for fun is human . 
  right . 
  they are the white walkers in this equation . 
  turkey , but not the whole of africa ? 
  can you actually be anything other than male or female on your identification ? 
  if not then why is this even an issue ? 
  our number is so low yet i have british neighbour living across the street from me . 
  i think reformation as such is much harder in the information age than it was hundreds of years ago . 
  christian reformation started out small and locally , in wittenberg , and then it gradually spread . 
  but thanks to internet , any reformations now will be shut down pretty fast . 
  surprised about venezuela . 
  if you do n't give a fuck what this side thinks then why do you give a fuck what the other does ? 
  you 're right . 
  it 's worse than a mosque next to westminister . 
  does n't fit there . 
  it 's like having a huge mosque next to palace of westminster in london . 
  he has no reason to fear death . 
  who is going to kill him ? 
  he is safely protected . 
   i hate when touristy places complain about turists but people live in these `` touristy places '' . 
  if your street were to suddenly turn into a huge tourist magnet , would you be happy ? 
  he gave himself in . 
  he knew exactly what he was doing . 
  there are people doing this to themselves voluntarely . 
  he is living in luxury `` prison '' with access to outside world through internet and tv . 
  he has million different ways to entertain and develop himself , if my memory is correct he also had a playstation console . 
  i really hope that you are just over-dramatizing . 
  when will he be punished ? 
  oh right . . he is being `` rehabilitated '' . 
  actually i think that sweden * is * sending them all across the country . 
  my job brought me near kristinehamn for a while and across the street from the house i was living there were two houses that had refugees living in them . 
  three, 
  yeah , without these things you listed we 'd be living in somalia . . 
  when you look france during both world wars it 's really surprising that military spending is not that important for french people . 
  eastern-europe is accustomed to tea probably because during the soviet era coffe was hard to come by and it was very bland . 
  it could be even nigerian troops setting up the fences - it does n't matter . 
  the point is that russia is yet again stealing land and creating conflicts . 
  i agree . 
  but until then italy has to follow the geneva convention . 
  geneva convention grants the right for asylum for anyone seeking one , so they must accept them whether they truly are refugees or not . 
  and since there are millions of them it takes a lot of time to process their status and inspect their background . 
  yeah that 's not how this works, 
  `` wants to keep importing '' . 
  what else can they do ? 
  the eu and the un laws and regulations forbid them to do anything else but to `` rescue '' them . 
  so you would rather have italy out of schengen than actually help them deal with the migrant flow ? 
  it just seems like a threat from italy . 
  and they have every right to do so because the eu is doing very little to help italy . 
  solidarity my ass . 
  it 's awkward how catchy these are , especially considering that their whole religion is focused on destroying cultures and arts . 
  i once heard one song in russian , in which they promised to conquer russia `` soon , very soon '' . 
  ca n't find it anymore though . 
  i see nothing wrong with this, 
  when you just want a sugar daddy but you end up being the first lady of the united states . . 
  surely this is only a small specific part of paris , but still the decline is noticeable . 
  does n't look like a western capital should look like . 
  in the soviet union this was reality though . 
  it was taught to kids older than 3 , but still . 
  usually the oldest evidences of statehood are coins , which have some sort of symbols or faces on them . 
  a few years ago a circus elephant died in estonia due to heart failure . 
  [ her ( ? ), 
  dead body was carried on a truck and buried in a forest somewhere . 
  getting licenses and making sure everything is legal costs money ( lawyers ) , getting someone to design it costs money ( architects ) , digging the ground open and lying pipelines costs money ( this is in old town , so figure how much effort it would take ) , building materials costs money ( it does n't look like some low-quality shitter ) , and finally getting someone to build it costs money . 
  so 50.000 euros for a nice looking shitter in the old town does n't seem like too much . 
  [ haha , no . 
  ] ( https://www.transparency.org/news/feature/corruption_perceptions_index_2016#table ), 
  without passporting rights , uk firms must have state level authorisation to perform regulated activities in other eu countries . 
  it 's a pain for the uk . 
  uk financial sector was expected to collapse anyway , they ca n't offer services in the eu without being in it themselves . 
  patriotism = i love my country for the good things it has done . 
  for example germans being patriotic because they are efficient people and make the best cars in the world . 
  the original definition of nationalism comes from the french revolution era and is no longer relevant in the modern context . 
  somehow i find this hard to believe . 
  go to outside of europe and you 'll find many who would like to debate you about human rights . 
  im sorry but this does n't make any sense . 
  i , and all the other europeans are grateful for what we have and i wish that we would preserve that . 
  you should too be grateful , because right now your stance is endangering europe and it 's people . 
  harsh measures will most certainly stop the crisis . 
  but those measures will never be taken into action because of our ` values ' . 
  the point is that her being the first female president is fucking irrelevant because she was the 3rd president anyway . 
  i really do n't understand how so many people fail to see the point . 
  emphasizing the word first is extremely weird in this context . 
  if this was usa , where there has been around 50 presidents and they are/were all male , then the gender of the president would be worth mentioning if she was a woman . 
  the title `` latvia 's first female president '' is weird . 
  it 's not like they 've had 50 male presidents before her . 
  she was the third president after independence . 
  `` certain men ... apparently can not behave . '', 
  the most obnoxious people at concerts are mostly women . 
  by saying ex-soviet it should be clear that finland has had a significant head start than us .
