  he once said that people who were against acta have been eating seeds and that they should wear foil hats . 
  the politicans are n't techonologically educated , but at least they know what to stand for . 
  because it was supposed to be the uk . . ? 
  every aircraft carrier is a convenient target if it 's alone . 
  lol good joke, 
  you can have a registered family and adopt children . 
  just with someone of the opposite sex . 
  some ` first world problems ' , obviously . 
  gay people are suffering a lot in europe . 
  just terrible . 
  it is an open forum . 
  but it does n't mean that theads like this should be posted every day . 
  it 's getting repeditive . 
  there is nothing new and it 's not even that important . 
  it 's european priority number 1 , right ? 
  can we go at least one day without posts related to same-sex marriages and gay parades ? 
  but first calm the fuck down because reality is n't what newspapers like to paint it as . 
  russia has more muslims than any other european country though , right ? 
  if you return to real life from reddit , then you might notice that ordinary people really do n't care about this topic . 
  in my experience it seems that the diaspora of germans has been neglected in german history classes . 
  i knew some german volunteers in history and they had no idea that germans used to rule these lands . 
  amazing how most germans have no clue about their history . 
  still a fucking gay parade is irrelevant compared to this . 
  i would 've never guessed that something that widespread and celebrated event such as midsummers eve needs to be reminded . 
  most of northern-europe is celebrating midsummers eve , but fuck it some gay parade is more important than this , right ? 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  i do n't know why you are downvoted . 
  you are right - margrethe ii is your queen . 
  was n't there some kind of disease that was killing the trees ? 
  if they do n't cut down the diseased trees then the disease will spread . 
  those who have enough brains to leave afghanistan should be sent back if we want to see afghanistan change to anything better . 
  are you bitter about your sexual orientation ? 
  that is really your problem . 
  because i personally really do n't care about mine , my friends , and my family 's orientation . 
  and i definitely do n't see the need to celebrate it . 
  to spread the great estonian culinary all over russia . 
  water with fruits , not a soup . 
  and it is not supposed to be a beverage , it 's supposed to be a desert that you eat out of bowl with whipped cream . 
  [ this is what kompot is supposed to look like . 
  too much water , looks like a soup not a kompot . 
  these are just very shallow people who have nothing to be proud of other than their sexual orientation . 
  only a handful of people got hurt , not thousands . 
  what a fuck are you talking about ? 
  who is going to physically deny them that ? 
  lol, 
  well thats a retarded statement , if you were looking for another one . 
  you are an angry pathetic little man , are n't you . 
   and people who have n't been in that situation like to run their fucking mouth . 
  and people who have n't been directly affected by mass murderes like breivik should n't run their fucking mouths about justice . 
  you could n't think of another so you just went with `` retarded statement '' . 
  how lazy of you . 
  pretty fucked up that people had more common sense in 1870 than now . 
  i would fully support establishing monarchy in our country instead of presidency . 
  the role of our president is ceremonial as it is . 
  instead of paying for expenses and pensions for current and previous presidents and their advisors , we could have one monarch that will do his/her duty for the rest of his/her life . 
  his/her heir would be thoroughly prepared to represent the country both ceremonialy and diplomatically . 
  plus having sovereignty tied to a monarch would guarantee our existance even if we were to be occupied . 
  do you geniuely think that top officials and politicans do n't pull strings to get themselves and their children easy through life ? 
  i 'd imagine the influence of uk politicans is a lot bigger than of royality . 
  i do n't know about the monarchy in countries like the netherland , belgium , sweden , or norway , but i know that the monarchy in uk brings in many times more money than they cost . 
  i defend monarchy because i do n't have a stick stuck up in my ass . 
  i do n't mind some people having certain privileges , because there is more to gain than to lose . 
  to be honest even actors and musicians sometimes take part in official visits . 
  when religion is important in the country , then i think it is okay when religious heads make official visits for good causes . 
  yet it 's all irrelevant when mass murderers get to enjoy luxury in taxpayers expense . 
  i do n't * believe * . 
  i * know * . 
   i always associate a monarchy with oppression . 
  well that is your problem . 
  which european monarch rules anymore ? 
  they are a vital part of culture and identity . 
   even if it 's not directly related to the nazis . 
  it 's not even indirectly related to nazis . 
  putting nazis and finnish air force in the same sentence is ignorant . 
  you guys need better names, 
  no you are not right . 
  you are missing the point . 
  this thread compares sharia law with dup policies , but in reality they have very little in common in both their legacy and actions . 
  i am not saying that the actions that you listed are not wrong , but they are mostly in the past . 
  call me when their actions are compareable with those of radical muslims . 
  but i think i will be waiting for that call forever by looking at the trend of those actions . 
  you left out killing infidels and heretics . 
  hopefully his `` vacation '' to bulgaria wo n't end any time soon . 
  you do n't know me, 
  because its fun, 
  swedes have a national day that they have n't banned yet ?? 
  better a gharqad tree . 
  * `` muslim , or the servant of allah , there is a jew behind me ; come and kill him ; but the tree gharqad would not say , for it is the tree of the jews . 
  if the soviets got to france before other allies , you would be as poor as us right now . 
  so what you are saying that we * do * need protection . . ? 
  so you see why you are wrong, 
  no , just decided that foreigners coming to estonia during the occupation were not automatically estonians . 
  people who were estonian citizens before the occupation and their children retained estonian citizenship . 
  those people who were not granted citizenship had many easy options to gain estonian citizenship , many of them got it , many of them did n't bother . 
  if i were go to poland and demand citizenship and poland rejected it , then is poland a fascist country ? 
  so the government and the officials would 've been able to prevent it , but they did nothing, 
   that the way baltic countries deals with national minorities in what way do we treat them and how does it resemble fascism ? 
  `` tell me who your friends are and i 'll tell you who you are '', 
  in 2000 israel offered palestine a sovering state , palestinian leadership rejected the offer and continued to support terrorism on israel . 
  so explain to me why should israel recognize such `` state '' that continues to be hostile and is carrying out attacks on israel ?
