  especially because they are russians . 
  but our problems are different from yours . 
   edit : also , i 'd appreciate a source for the 600 000 + muslim statistic . 
  the absolute highest number i could find was 400 000 , but most of them predicted around 100 000 - 120 000 . 
  i read it from dispatch international once ( 2015 i think ) . 
  they got the number by counting the names with islamic-origin . 
  their people are poor and infrastructure is in shambles , but they still got money for military and massive drills . 
  the demographics and the amount of the immigrants in sweden are different than in america , so you ca n't say that you are turning into america . 
  you are turning into something different . 
  right now sweden has 10 million people , 600.000 + of them are muslims . 
  ~ 20 % of the population of sweden has foreign background . 
  immigrants who are going to live their whole lives on welfare will cost sweden 1.5 million euros . 
  i genuinely do n't see sweden is coming back from this . 
  soon you will be broke and flung into chaos . 
  time to celebrate !, 
  of course the majority does n't embrace it , it 's insanity . 
  it still does n't undo the principle . 
  usa is the land of immigrants for immigrants . 
  statue liberty and the motto of ` freedom ' symbolise that . 
  `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . '', 
  it is good . 
  it was bad for usa because it was against their core principle . 
  something tells me that people from asturias are pretty cocky bastards right now, 
  this tweet probably got him some votes . 
  we have arrived to an era where politicans use shameless ways to get votes . 
  [ as someone from `` aesthetically tasteless '' and `` toxic '' zone of the culinary map of europe , i ca n't relate . 
  the article says he is iranian . 
  what is success anyway ? 
  pretty much every country in the world is currently doing better than like 300 years ago . 
  moldova is a democracy , a flawed one , but still . 
  is moldova successful ? 
  or lesotho in africa , which is a democracy but it is a dirt poor place ? 
  when we think of democracy we think of europe and north-america . 
  but europe , even pre-democracy era , was always doing better than the rest of the world . 
  democracy is nice but weak because parties always want to be in power . 
  they promise people what they want , but not always what is best for them and their country . 
  governing in democratic regime is slow , in dictatorship it is fast . 
  everything is done by the orders and wishes of the dictator . 
  just imagine if a dictator actually did what is best for the country and its people . 
  right now we have dictators who look after themselves and their cronies first , but in history there have been truly great dictators/monarchs who have done great things for their countries . 
  democracy is n't the key to high gdp . 
  economic liberty is the key to high gdp . 
  ideologies do n't fight conflicts , people do . 
  democracy had nothing to do with ww2 . 
  democracy is currently a phase . 
  just like monarchy a couple hundred years ago . 
  maybe in the next 100 years some country will adobt a new form of government . 
  if it will be very successful , then it will spread , just like democracy did . 
  long live the queen . 
  a true icon of the uk . 
  i said something you do n't like and now im suddenly far-right ? 
  and i thought i was left . 
  i guess the political spectrum got turned around while i was n't looking . 
  [ oh , and here is a good book for people with your diagnosis ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7ephyp3.png ), 
  the first or the second time ? 
  far left ? 
  so he is a lunatic on another edge of the political spectrum . 
  at which point does the `` encircling '' begin ? 
  in central europe there are hundreds of kilometers between russia and the nearest nato military base . 
  in the baltics the bases are in the middle of the country , not by the border . 
  russia is the one who has military bases disturbingly close to other countries . 
  shut the fuck up with your dumb shit . 
  the mother tounge of ukrainians fighting each other in eastern-ukraine is mainly russian . 
  and the civilians of donetsk are mainly old people . 
  the people fighting against ukraine are russian soldiers and some eastern-ukrainian petty criminals and thugs . 
  there are so many proofs of russians fighting in ukraine already , for example russian troops are posting about it on social media . 
  and as if ukraine could afford foreign or domestic mercenaries . 
  this is a law terminology . 
  domestic legal persons and domestic natural persons are respectively companies located in your country that are treated as persons and real people who are also citizens . 
  domestic legal persons are corporations that are treated as if they are persons . 
  so it is pretty stupid for you to hint that this has something to do with the constitution . 
  it has nothing to do with constitution and whatever social security the constitution grants , it grants for the citizens . 
  constitution is the core foundation and the purpose of the country . 
  there are seperate acts and laws for benefits . 
  usually the amount of money and the system on how the benefits are distributed change quite often , every new goverment has their own idea of benefits and welfare . 
  if these things were included in the constitution , then it would be especially troublesome to change it all the times . 
  i do n't think that you understand what a consititution consists of . 
  it would be a lot easier to cut all aid and benefits to those people and then offer them 1.200 to return home . 
  give back pechory before lectures on gibraltar, 
  he said he has seen it before , why wont you believe him . 
  why would anyone lie on the internet ? 
  there are no proofs that you would find acceptable . 
  and if you have problems with disproving ( or atleast that is what you think you are doing ) something , then you say that america has done the same . 
  you are all so predictable . 
  one of the main purposes for the eu was to avoid conflicts between france and germany , the two ancient enemies . 
  so far it has worked . 
  at the moment ? 
  there are n't even the train tracks yet . 
  it is estimated to be around 300-400 from tallinn to berlin . 
  the train tickets will cost more than airplane tickets . 
  and transporting goods from tartu to western-estonia is not too complicated . 
  tartu will not lose much . 
   https://www.al-islam.org/principles-marriage-family-ethics-ayatullah-ibrahim-amini/part-2-duties-men what a fuck is this bullshit ? 
  these are just some principles , the reality is much different . 
  you know that women in the middle-east are treated like second-class citizens who are a property of their husbands . 
  first you write this : `` should we be scared of all salafists in europe ? 
  a dutch case study '' * , and then this : '' * this has led to confusion : ** radical salafists are the product of the salafi movement ** , but the very same movement is making concerted efforts to stop extremism . '', 
  did you even read what you posted ? 
  and give me studies from reliable sources , not from some islam related websites . 
  the attempt to remove yanukovych was indeed unconstitutional , and actually he refused to resign , but a while later yanukovych literally escaped to russia and thus withdrew from the exercise of constitutional authority .
