  why celebrate sexual identity ? 
  i completely fail to understand what is there to celebrate . 
  why are there no straight parades , but only lgbt parades ? 
  and i do n't blame gay people for homophobia . 
  i blame lgbt parades for giving more reasons to discriminate gay people . 
   besides , clearly sexuality is an important part of the people celebrating gay pride , it makes them unique and sets them apart from the rest so again , why should n't they celebrate it ? 
  then what the hell do they want ? 
  they want to be unique and different from the rest of the people * or * do they want to be accepted and equal in the society ? 
  their desire to seperate themselves is what helps to create homophobia . 
  they should be blending in , not celebrating their difference . 
  this whole gay pride thing in western world is absolutely upside down . 
  they should be doing the opposite . 
  i know 3 gay guys ( in my country that is a huge number to know ) and none of them are the flashy kind who would participate in those parades . 
  they are completely normal guys just like everyone else . 
  they do n't make their orientation a determinative part of them . 
   important part of its identity if your sexual orientation is an important part of your identity then you must be a very shallow person . 
  but why ... ? 
  gays in belgium have all the rights they need . . 
  the duty of a minister is to direct and push the policy . 
  ministers do n't need to be experts in their field . 
  creating the policy is a job for commissions . 
  i bet a swede did n't win . 
  people in the us do n't know how the eu works . 
  but then again people in the eu do n't know how it works either . 
  should , could , would . 
  the world does n't revolve around you . 
   . . people just ca n't mind their own businesses , sigh . 
  you could use this argument against just about anything . 
  things do n't work that way . 
  weird how there are russian speaking men fighting against other russian speaking men . 
  there are still ethnic russians loyal to ukraine . 
  something opposite of white walkers . 
   do gay people seeking asylum have to prove that they 're gay ? 
  if they are gay in the first place . 
  perhaps he was just labeled gay because someone wanted to get rid of him . 
  i never liked farage nor do i support brexit , but i have not seen proof of him being racist . 
  [ im just going to put this here in hopes that you 'll actually read what he wrote this time ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6bnatu/soviet_liberation_of_europe/dho4fdj/ ), 
  because you fail to understand how the situation in the baltics was different than in poland or ukraine, 
  so you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about, 
   spoken like a true nazi . 
  he should have met the same fate as the rest . 
  is this not a personal attack ? 
   the baltic waffen ss units ( baltic legions ) are to be considered as separate and distinct in purpose there was no baltic waffen ss in poland . 
  you did n't even bother to read his text . 
  you just took the first opportunity to label someone a nazi . 
  grow up indeed . 
  the irony fucking hurts . 
  please point out your argument here , i might be blind . 
   spoken like a true nazi . 
  he should have met the same fate as the rest . 
   i wonder why i have n't seen many poles use this excuse . 
   people still defend nazi crimes in 2017 , nothing new in estonia . 
  really ? 
  bring me an example . 
  libya is not a country right now , lebanon is broke , and diplomatic ties with turkey are shit . 
  that is the problem for european leaders . 
  oh absolutely not . 
  my position is that we send back all the boats that come through the meditterranian sea and that we process the people coming from syria and iraq in lebanon or turkey , thus eliminating the risk of uncontrolled mass migration . 
  my geography might be flawed , but i do n't think that germany and sweden are next to turkey . 
  it 's those places they want to go . 
   there is a difference between taking people who genuinely have nowhere to go because their homes were destroyed in war ... 
  there is currently no example of such event . 
  people coming from syria have plenty of places to go before europe . 
  they live in estonia under our system , so it does n't really matter if they are igors , jevgenis , taavis , juhans , or mohammads . 
   it 's because unlike all other countries it 's not just the broadcasting company that chooses a contender , competetion where the winner is chosen basically in the same way as in esc ... im pretty sure that 's the case in most countries . 
  those soviet-era apartments are just horrible to look at . 
  and some of them were not built to last . 
  i suppose that people are tired of sweden sending the same type of song every year . 
  damn i hope so . 
  and i also hope that there will less english and more native language . 
  not enough sugar coating for you ? 
  im just used with eurovision being a huge flashy , cheesy , and shitty music festival . 
  im definitely not saying that portugal was bad . 
  it was just out of place . 
  in crimea . 
  this song should belong to a cozy wine bar or something , not eurovision . 
  it 's like taking gun to a knife fight . 
   edit : so many uneducated europeans in this sub . 
  i hope one day you 'll learn that `` europe '' can mean a hundred different things . 
  generalising european politics is a huge mistake . 
  for example some countries have working parliaments and some have debating parliaments . 
  the things done in the uk parliament are considered absolutely unacceptable in german parliament . 
  how many people did churchill kill ? 
  this is a legitimate question by the way . 
  because it 's catastrophic for swedish demographics , culture , tax system , internal security . 
  how many people out of 100 are swedish by now ? 
  i do n't understand if you are troll or not . 
  but i hope you realize that nobody is ever fully left - or right wing . 
  against eachother , the soviets , and the nazis . 
  your point is ... ? 
  you are missing the point so hard . 
  gay or not they do not deserve such a horrid treatment . 
  of course , captain obvious . 
   not like there is a registry of who 's in there ya know ? 
  and good luck getting away with suddenly starting this shit on american or canadian citizens like the ones in the rainbow railroad . 
  what a fuck are you talking about ? 
  you are missing the point , congratulations . 
  i do n't know , maybe . 
  it 's completely irrelevant . 
  got any more irrelevant points to make ?
