  in most countries you do n't vote for president either , or most of the government officials for that matter . 
  you do n't vote for diplomats and being one is the role of a monarch too . 
  i doubt that most of them are even gays . 
  probably just some people who are in the way or who are not liked by powerful people . 
  it is a lot easier to label them gays and get them sent away . 
  do n't like your neighbour ? 
  call the cops and tell them he is gay !, 
  literally anything other than that . 
  nice argument, 
  king is literally a president who is in the office for his entire life and who has some hereditary lands and buildings . 
  but his responsibility is huge , a lot bigger than of a ceremonial president . 
  source of pride , i would say . 
  in switzerland, 
  realistically what do you think would happen to hungary if it would let in immigrants ? 
  and realistically how many immigrants you think would come and stay in hungary ? 
  this is just populism . 
  the fact that those people are in power really shows how much hungarians buy that populism . 
  haha finns your language sucks, 
  if isis has been sneaking into europe in huge numbers , then acts of terrorism would happen a lot more frequently . 
  they are probably trying to hold a low profile and hope that they will be forgotten about . 
  i heard that the working conditions and the environment at his companies are horrible . 
  elon said , if i remember correctly , that people who quit his companies just ca n't cut it and maybe they should work for apple since it 's easier . 
   few nuclear power a few years ago there was a lot of discussions about this , many new innovative plans came up ( such as an underwater nuclear plant or something ) and we have a lot of raw material . 
  but then fukishima happened and people did n't want to talk about it anymore . 
  good thing that this is not my argumet . 
  now read what i wrote and what you wrote . 
  completely different points . 
  and euro is a `` bad idea '' because eu can not change economic policies of countries . 
  experts say that euroscepticism comes from being uninformed about the eu institutions and how the eu works . 
  so you are basically saying that you are proud that the czechs are stupid . 
  oppression of radical islamists . 
   ... because there are a lot of women who forced to wear this garb but unable to speak out because of their family/husband . 
  i think this is a main reason why burqas need to be banned . 
  it is a tool of oppression that should have no place in the free world . 
  the russian minory in togo is being oppressed and needs to be liberated . 
   and not in terms of the ukraine-russia conflict , because most russians in east ukraine identify as russian , whereas in estonia that 's not always the case . 
  in eastern-ukraine there are russian speaking men fighting against other russian speaking men . 
  their ethnicity means nothing , it 's beyond that . 
  a monarch is a symbol of the country . 
  it might seem abstract to you since finland does n't have monarchy . 
  this is some `` polish concentration camps '' level bullshit . 
   he got the harshest sentance available in norway . 
  exactly . 
  norwegian judiciary system regarding punishments/rehabilitations is built for petty criminals . 
  it was never meant for mass murderers . 
  yes he will be in prison for ever , they are going to add another 21 years after his first 21 are over , and then another if he lives that long . 
  but the conditions and treatment he is receiving in prison is not fit for a mass murderer . 
   or do you think he deserved to be tortured and then executed for the mass murder he comitted ? 
  sounds a lot more fair than what he is having now . 
   seems pretty dumb to take down a statue devoted to the millions who sacrificed themselves to make sure you do n't live under nazi rule today . 
  yeah but we ended up under soviet rule . 
   how in the hell is it a eurocentric concept ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  for example the un human rights do n't work very well outside europe and north-america . 
  im talking about that the result of the `` fair trial '' is quite often unfair . 
  for example the breivik case . 
   every country in europe is a signatory to the un declaration of human rights , as well as the vast majority signed up to the echr which explicitly says that you 're guaranteed a right to a fair trial . 
  every country in even in europe is breaking human rights . 
  and the un has no executive power nor can it punish any country that is breaking those laws . 
  see saudi arabia for example . 
  human rights as such is an eurocentric concept . 
  it is not an universal truth and applying them to people who have denied human rights to millions is simply not fair . 
   ... you 're slipping down to the same level as them i have always considered `` slipping down to their level '' to be a ridiculous argument . 
  did those people who hung mussolini do the same things he did ? 
  on the same scale ? 
  were the nuremberg trials held by nazis to judge other nazis ? 
  because it was a kangaroo court . 
  so what is fair ? 
  that a closed court session decides that they shall be hanged , so they will be taken to a room with a few people and hang them ? 
  as if the crimes they have committed only meaned something to a few individuals ? 
  it was `` fair '' for them to feel the wrath of their own people . 
  perhaps on the last minutes of their lives they truly saw what they have done . 
  sure ... `` divine intervention '' ... that 's a fancy term for stealing our fucking flag . 
  [ we have one too ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/et/a/a1/ratsamonument_p%c3%bcha_j%c3%bcri_v%c3%b5itlus_lohega.jpg ), 
  some days you 'll see news that scots want another independence referendum , another day you hear that they do n't want one . 
  what is up with that ... 
  language and culture do n't matter in this case and they wo n't be affected . 
  it is the will to self-govern and to have some kind of exceptions is a problem . 
  probably at the camera and the infrastructure behind it . 
   when murdering others still brought us glory . 
  it still does . 
  it 's the western and northern-europe that are n't thinking that way . 
  the rest of the world still does , it does n't make them desperate , but it supports national identity and unity . 
  if you compare it to local governments then denmark did their 2007 administrative reform by not giving any exceptions to local governments that wanted to do things their own way and now their public management works fantastically and everyone is happy . 
  if european union or europe in general wants to stay relevant in the world then the eu has to be homogeneous and it 's legislative power has to be centralized . 
  diversity in policies and governing is n't good for anything , for example every country in the eu has their own economic policy whish has lead to the point where southern-european countries are in hardships . 
  why ? 
  generally people who say that there is too much bureacracy and bureacracy is a bad and evil thing can bring no reasons why they think that way . 
  bureacracy is n't there just to fuck with people . 
  it is there so that public management can function with efficiency and professionally . 
  former soviet states have public service with big decentralization and little bueraucracy because soviet union had a lot of them . 
  and look how bad the shape of public management is in those countries . 
  im not saying we should back to soviet model , but completely decentralizing and losing bureacracy just to protest against the past is n't doing any good . 
  why do you think people need to be brainwashed to hate russians ? 
   like trumpie , hrc , xi , dutertie , erdogie and all politic frill fucks on earth , putin is same corrupt as fuck ~ hope all polititian dead alright . . 
  the birth rates are raised by the low-educated group of women who potentially belong to low-income group . 
  so techinally you generate more kids that will grow up in poverty . 
  birth rates are high in underdeveloped and poor countries . 
  it 's common all around the world - see african and asian countries and compare them to european countries . 
  it has many socio-economic reasons .
