im not so sure about the ramzan 's status as a ` puppet ' . 
  he is more putin 's untamed dog , who would bite it 's master if necessary . 
  and the eu has not said ` no ' to turkey yet . 
  i believe many of them think that lying about being gay makes it easier to get into europe . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbvy7glcd84 song about peace , love , and so on . 
  and meanwhile they 're having a war in ukraine . 
  what does this ship have against submarines ? 
  same question about american carriers and destroyers . 
  so i guess * pound is gettin ' pounded *, 
  last year 's russian entry was something one might consider as a trolling, 
  he is still a billionaire though . 
  clearly you 've got some personal issues with trump and there is no point to further discuss it . 
  this ' * disaster * ' happened because of bad communication and they could n't hear whose turn was to enter . 
  it 's hardly a good reason to call somebody an idiot . 
  he might be a weirdo , yes , but i have no doubt that he is smarter than you . 
  the man is a billionaire for fucks sake . 
  it takes some brains to get and/or hold onto that status . 
  he is just saying what people think , it 's called populism . 
  he is a smart man , im sure he knows whats really going on . 
  crazy buffoon would n't be a serious candidate for us presidency . 
  im sure he knows what he is doing and he is well aware of what he is saying . 
  he is a very good manipulator . 
  why ? 
  is it because england = britain for you ? 
  i understand that ` reality ' . 
  these people are not leaving it behind , they 're bringing it into eu . 
  were you in coma during 2015 or you just do n't read the news ? 
  jesus , i wonder why ... 
  do you still think that this is about skin color ? 
   xenophobic good one, 
  slovenia has mountains n shit, 
  this shit is getting ridiculous here and our conservative party is to blame for ` making a problem ' of refugees and same-sex marriages . 
  refugees are a pseudo problem over here . 
  we have none of them here yet some people act like k\u00f6ln events are happening here daily . 
  if i were to create a maoist dandelion - and fern loving club and it suddenly gets media attention , then i could expect a huge growth in popularity and membership ? 
  there is a reason why soldiers of odin is popular right now , and it 's not only because of media . 
  even nazis before rising to power were considered a joke , but people joined them . 
  then why did they start doing whatever they 're doing until recently ? 
  i think that means the people are angry at the government, 
  worst enemy is definitely russia . 
  closest rivals are our baltic bastards latvia and lithuania . 
  you realise that nato is an independent and separate organization ? 
  nato countries were , but they were not representing nato . 
  it was us-led coalition that consisted of several nato members . 
  nato was in iraq and libya ? 
  come on russia , you 're poor and miserable as fuck . 
  you ca n't handle another cold war . 
  honestly that makes it even worse . 
  what a terrible loss for finland . 
  i think it 's because of bureaucracy and stupid laws . 
  they do n't have any documents to prove their age , so they are as old as they claim to be . 
  and do n't you dare to do any age-related tests on them or you 'll be racist . 
  we had 3 and we were declared judenfrei on january 20 , 1942 . 
  on the other hand one can say that we 're efficient . 
  best anthem - estonia worst anthem - finland, 
  because what she does is not what she is saying . 
  allowing uncontrolled migration millions of people that have unknown background is not a reasonable thing to do . 
  ilves would n't have done that, 
  you see these two stands that on his left and right ? 
  from behind it looks like there is just a glass panel , but from his side there is text that he can read . 
  does n't matter where did the speech come from . 
   british woman  tareena shakil pick one, 
  these manors are not in one of the most important places in the country . 
  very small amount of estonians are orthodox , a couple thousand at best . 
  and the numbers are declining every year and there is no chance that orthodox estonians are going to outnumber the lutherans . 
  it 's a * russian orthodox * church , not just a church . 
  embassy of russia has nothing to do with estonia , it 's a much needed political establishment . 
  this has nothing to do with estonian culture . 
  these are beliefs , opinions and lifestyles which change over time . 
  it 's very un-estonian and oddly enough it is symbol of estonia for foreigners and i think it is wrong . 
  nevsky cathedral is crown jewel for the russians of estonia and it 's right in the middle of our capital city . 
  one of the reasons it was built was to remind us that `` russians are our overlords '' forever . 
  and it 's beauty is very subjective , i for example do n't find russian architecture and style beautiful . 
  [ estonian hero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyyw8s7uyru ), 
  well , swedes are experts on shitholes though . 
  i hope one day nevsky cathedral will be blown up or sold to russia . 
  and corsica belongs either to estonia , germany , croatia or macedonia . 
   not exactly a role model whose words should be regarded as wisdom . 
  why ? 
  the thing he said about democracy is right though . 
  and he did not break any laws by moving to switzerland . 
  pretty smart in my opinion . 
  how are opinions and business connected ? 
   you are a bit over stereotyping here imo . 
  i get your point , but not all roma grups are the same . 
  maybe , but im speaking from my experience . 
  there are a few gypsies living in the outskirts of my town , sometimes hanging around the bus station . 
  they look extremely stereotypical - fur coats , jewellery , gilded phones . 
  one of them is an older lady who is receiving a social service , so my mother is sometimes visting her . 
  she lives in this run down house that has a huge fucking chandelier in the living room . 
  her house always smells of incense and her lifestyle ( food , clothes , etc ) could n't possibly covered by her welfare alone . 
  so she is getting money from somewhere . 
  and also the capital of gypsies in the baltics is valga/valka . 
  one of my relatives lives there and the gypsies are stealing her firewood , and basically everything that is left unattended . 
   that could be said for any rural area . 
  including estonians living in soviet block houses in the middle of nowhere , but driving bmws . 
  not really . 
  the soviet block houses are mostly in capitals where there is work . 
  those apartments have low maintenance costs and most of those young lads can afford to rent a decent bmw . 
  and our rural areas are not like that , those are pretty depressing .
