why would it be fair on hungary and turkey to have to take in millions of refugees ? 
  sadly , russia would never do such a thing . 
  fortunately though , thousands of russian ~ ~ separatists ~ ~ assad loyalists equipped with some totally-not-russian tanks and missile launchers have appeared overnight . 
  the wonders of foreign policy based on queue etiquette . 
  are you ? 
  because if you say stuff like  if people were able to apply for asylum in the middle east . 
  then say you know they * are * able to apply for asylum in the middle east , that makes you sound like you 're trying to push an agenda . 
  which is funny because in countries like the uk , the right wing narrative is that the polish are taking all the jobs/benefits simultaneously . 
  i mean , i have some stale bread - if you toast that you ca n't tell , is that ok ? 
  ~ ~ i 'll be where i am right now , sitting at home with my clothes off . 
  how will i get there ? 
  hard work , perseverence , paying rent , forgetting laundry . 
  keep it coming bb  what would you say your coworkers think your biggest weakness is ? 
  i do n't actually have a job at the moment , so i guess not existing . 
  i do n't drink tea and apparently the tea i make sucks , so there 's that too . 
  i 'm nearly there , ask me what salary i want or something . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  3 + hours a day , either on a phone or a pc  how often do you visit / r/europe [ 2 ] ? 
  roughly every day , a bit less since the anti-immigration stuff started to be honest since the comments go rapidly downhill at that point . 
  it 's one of my res shortcuts if that gives me any potential mod cred :d  what country are you normally resident in ? 
  the uk/wales  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  bad french and morse code :(  what interests you about europe ? 
  the whole concept of a wide , culturally different area with open borders is really cool , and the amount of history in europe is staggering . 
  i love learning about how civilisation got to where it is today and stuff , and europe is ground zero for a lot of western civilisation . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  favourite : friendly banter between countries , askreddit-style threads where people share parts of their life where they live . 
  euro-centric news is pretty great too , since uk news sources tend to be more uk centric . 
  least favourite : it might hurt my chances of being a mod but / pol / et al. 
  showing up in the past couple of months with a stronger presence sucks , and i feel like they derail a lot of conversations on subjects like immigration and ethnicity . 
  the gypsy hate gets crazy sometimes too , ca n't pretend i like that . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  not really , i modded a planetside 2 community sub for a few months but it was nowhere near the size of / r/europe . 
  in terms of css/stuff i 'm a 2nd year robotics student , so i can learn css if you need someone for that kind of thing . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  to be able to help clear up some of the race baiting stuff and keep this sub on course . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i have reddit open in a tab all the time so i 'd be able to do a lot of work on the report queue , i lurk here a lot so i have a good feel for the community , and ( my opinion , guess it 's not worth much ) would be neutral in deciding what to remove/what not to according to the rules . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i took a few stats classes in 6th form and i study science/comp sci now , so # 1 yes , # 2 and # 3 not really but i 'm willing to learn . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i like the idea of making it possible for people to filter that kind of thing out , but sticking it in a megathread seems like it 's not the best way to do it . 
  maybe having flair for immigration posts that you could filter out with css would be better , like in / r/legaladvice or / r/askscience . 
  most of the complaints about it seem to be that it hides stuff by default , which i understand/agree is a bit of a problem . 
  on the other hand more than a few of those complaining are coming from pol/european/etc . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  my fetish is being asked difficult interview questions that have no right answer ( \u0361 ~ \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  duck sized horses , they 'd have tiny mouths so you could just wear thick jeans and boots and kick them away from you . 
  i 'd rather just chill with the horses though , why do i have to fight them ? 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why vision : * eurovision is awful/great * cats eyes help vision when driving between countries in the shengen area * teachers see all, 
  it 's a map of how much energy a solar panel in that area generates , and current panels are better that this, 
  and then countries along the border would have massive numbers of assylum seekers to house and support , and the rest of europe would be unaffected . 
  you dont see the problem there ? 
  but then how will we organize a militia like the founding faders intended ? 
  we need tanks too . 
  grenades do n't blow up vans , vans blow up vans . 
   richard lochhead said the scottish government was not prepared to `` gamble '' with the future of the country 's # 14bn food and drink sector . 
  ... so instead , i 'll make it a * certainty * that it falls behind . 
  reported for doxxing , you 're a terrible person  :( . 
  plus either way , you do n't want to be breathing in uranium dust even if it 's not at all radioactive . 
  it 's nasty stuff , neurotoxic and carcinogenic . 
   that is actually the opposite : you need to go fast to generate lift as lift is linked to the aircraft speed they 're both true , you 're just being a bit pedantic and your grasp of english could be better . 
  have a nice day . 
   : you were saying that as you do n't produce lift , you can go incredibly fast but lift does n't oppose movement , drag does ... 
  i was saying that if you do n't produce lift , you * have * to go incredibly fast . 
  you 'd have to be propelled continuously to stay airborne without lift , but as far as i know there are n't any airliners that are n't . 
   no : flying equals generating lift . 
  http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/flying 1 a : moving or capable of moving in the air rockets are a specific kind of vehicle with an engine that gives thrust through some kind of expanding gas being ejected out of the back - you could fly fast enough with a jet turbine or any other kind of plane engine if you made it from strong enough material . 
   i think you are confusing lift and drag . 
  drag is what slows you down , lift is what prevents the aircraft from falling . 
  nope , i genuinely mean lift . 
  if you are travelling fast enough you can stay airborne just by orbiting the earth , and you wo n't need lift . 
  obviously that 's not possible for the airbus jet , but in theory you can design an aircraft that generates no lift when cruising but still flies without losing altitude . 
  the biplane design i linked counterracts the lift and prevents the sonic boom , it 's pretty cool . 
  you 're right though , there 's no chance in hell this thing is gon na be going at orbital velocity, 
  you could also move fast enough that you 're effectively orbiting the earth in atmosphere and not generating any lift - [ there 's a conceptual design ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/busemann%27s_biplane ) for an aircraft like that but again , since youre not actually generating lift youd have to go incredibly fast . 
  edit : i cba to do proper maths but i wanted to know - the iss orbits at 3-400km in gravity close-ish to that on earth 's surface and it travels round the earth every 90 minutes . 
  the distance from london to new york is only 13 % of earth 's circumference , so this plane would have to be going roughly 5 times as fast as it 's designed to be able to make the trip without lift/sonic booms, 
  `` why are n't you tolerating our intolerance ; - ; '', 
  no reason to suspect there was a copilot though , they can fly fine without . 
  420,000 plus some loose change for buying some more when he gets to the hotel . 
  i seriously doubt that was their thought . 
  even if they did n't know the cause of him becoming ill the fact an ex-kgb dissident suddenly became incredibly ill in an unusual way , then dropped dead , raises more than a few red flags . 
  i 'd assume there 's a much easier way to kill him and make it not look suspicious , and if there is then whoever killed him probably knew about it . 
  from what the article says the guy had a license to kill a lion , and did n't know it was a lion with sentimental value . 
  that 's how all but the most extreme far right parties work . 
  * officially * the party have nothing against minorities , but talk to any member over a pint and they 'll admit it . 
  i guess the idea is they can drive at some level , which they 're losing . 
  i completely agree though , if you ca n't pass an eye test you should n't be allowed behind the wheel . 
  out of frame : the red fixed gear bicycle he is riding and the eiffel tower . 
  he 's too busy shouting at minorities on the internet to give sources . 
  look at his comment history, 
   well if it is inevitable to collapse than why not collapse now ? 
  what makes you think it is though ? 
  not to mention , a good amount ( if not all ) of russias top 20 or so people in terms of wealth are all people who made their fortune when state assets were privatised 25 years ago . 
  looking through [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_russian_people_by_net_worth ) there are a lot of `` x y z was moderately important in the ussr 's government , then after perestroika magically had ownership of billions of dollars of holdings '', 
  bizarre picks too .
