  target the west while declaring you 'll invade the three biggest non-western economies . 
  and you know this punishment is unusual in finland why ? 
  have you looked at every other sentence for rape given in the country ? 
  the only reason we 're even hearing about this is because they 're somalian . 
  europe is a big place and a * lot * of crime happens in it , so why are we hearing about this specific case instead of the hundreds of other rape cases that are just as serious ? 
   the government was defending the law in court against the uk music industry , but the court felt that they failed to produce evidence that private copies do little to no harm to the copyright owner . 
  ... but that 's absurd . 
  the fact we do n't have to donate personal organs to sony music probably hurts their profits too , but that does n't matter either because just like here , it seems pretty reasonable that they do n't * deserve * to make money from it . 
  i think you dropped this : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-33126885, 
  when you give two shits about everyone excpet specific groups , that 's discrimination . 
  maybe there 's a language barrier issue here or something but that 's pretty close to the dictionary definition of discrimination , lol . 
  and if one person robs you , that person has robbed you . 
  their family have n't robbed you - say the guy who robbed you has a nephew who just learnt to walk . 
  by treating all gypsys like criminals though you and the rest of society are going to have an effect on the kid - he 's going to grow up with everything outside of his social group telling him he 's a criminal , that he robs , that he gets away with it , and that nobody other than his group wants him . 
  he gets picked on at school if his family even let him go , which just reinforces what he 's learnt . 
  by the time he reaches 18 do you think he 's gon na be a productive member of society or do you think he 's gon na see how the world treats him and decide to treat it like shit right back ? 
  he does n't have a choice where he was born , but you can choose whether you tar him with the same brush as actual criminals or whether you look beyond their ethnicity . 
  so you 're saying you consciously discriminate against gypsies but you do n't see how that would discourage someone from treating you with respect ? 
  you 'd turn your nose up at offering help that you 'd give to a member of your ethnic group , but you ca n't see how that would create a greater incentive to commit crime ? 
   and i 'm not going to go out of my way for that one decent gypsy in a hundred . 
  and that 's why the 50 or more decent gypsys in a hundred end up a ) committing crime alienated from society or b ) hiding their heritage out of fear of what people will do if they find out . 
  i agree in principle but in practice discrimination is difficult to prove - unless someone tells you they 're refusing to let to you because you 're gay or something , you ca n't tell for sure . 
  i agree - but like the top comment here says i 'm kind of disturbed by what some muslims believe . 
  i live in a really homogenous area and i do n't know if it 's true or far right propaganda , but things like this bother me : http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality it 's one thing to be a liberal society that allows people to hold whatever views they want , but it 's another completely to accept bigotry for the sake of integrating . 
  maybe the driver had some really nice mints in the ash tray or something, 
  because , as everyone over the age of 8 understands , the meaning and acceptability of words changes over time . 
  there are a lot of racial slurs that used to be acceptable , operative being `` used to '', 
  re : trade restrictions : then you 're just unfairly inflating the price of steel for uk manufacturers and making life harder for them when they have to sell abroad / compete with imports . 
  we should n't prop up an industry that ca n't sustain itself , especially not at the expense of other british industries . 
  do n't be stupid , we all know turkey is a small farm village in the french alps . 
  where est the train station, 
  lol , i like how you 've gone from `` turkey totes violate greek airspace several times a day '' to `` they do n't actually violate greek airspace at all but they fly kinda near it ( and also near to their own coast ) '' if turkey fly in greek airspace , they fly in greek airspace . 
  not in international airspace that greece handle civil air traffic inside , not in a 4 mile band they claim and nobody recognize , in greek airspace . 
  for * civil * flights . 
  russia do n't have to , nor do they , submit plans whenever they skirt the uk 's territorial waters inside the uk 's fir in fighter jets . 
  athens fir is a fir , not sovereign airspace . 
  do you believe the pacific ocean belongs to the us ? 
   only that the turks violate ~ ~ greek airspace ~ ~ * airspace greece claims but nobody accepts is theirs * several times everyday, 
  less because people were irish and more because the ira were active in that area . 
  if things like the attacks in france became monthly occurances they 'd probably step security up in cities too . 
  only 28 arson attacks , that 's fine then . 
  people try to burn my house down all the time , i 've put out 3 fires in the past week actually . 
  it just happens , nothing to be outraged about . 
  the test is n't 100 % reliable , so they probably just ran the numbers and decided the risk was n't worth the cost . 
  say a million gay men donate blood , 1 % have hiv , and 1 % of the tests fail to pick it up . 
  that 's 100 people infected with hiv for the rest of their lives . 
  the chance of someone other than a msm having hiv is 1/60th of that , so you 're only looking at 1 to 2 people infected with hiv . 
  how are we defining wealth here ? 
  even if people in ukraine live 5 to a house and houses are worth only $ 5000 the wealth there should be higher . 
  that 's a great argument . 
  it 's an issue when they 're planning plane layout , if you put the seats too close there is n't enough room to stow luggage under them , plus passengers get less overhead space per person since there are more of them . 
  budget airlines do n't give you less legroom to spite you , they do it because it allows them to lower the cost per passenger of their flights by squeezing more people in , and if there are more people on the plane there 's obviously going to be less space for them to fit luggage in . 
   but then again , why would the airline want to keep the luggage departements empty . 
  they might as well just charge a reasonable price for it . 
  * less luggage = more passengers * some people will pay for it anyway ( even if it doubles the cost ) * airlines that charge for baggage literally dont have the space for everyone to bring everything, 
  let 's list all the western countries that have collapsed due to immigration : - ___ long list , wow . 
   regarding ukraine : crimeans actually wanted to join . 
  that 's why no one 's rebelling . 
  they 're russian . 
  always have been . 
  khrishchev fucked up and gave it to ukraine . 
  brain fart . 
  does the rest of the country not exist then ? 
  and why do you think  b ) georgia previously expressed wishes to join nato and bush was okay with that . 
  is an acceptable reason to invade them ? 
   you cant always live in the past not like russia are trying to occupy another border state or anything , why would they be so touchy ? 
  nah , see the moment they touch european soil muslims start expanding and then split through mitosis , meaning they grow exponentially in numbers . 
  we 're literally going to be wiped out if we let brown people in / s, 
  english has 500 million secondary speakers , making it the most common 2nd language . 
  russia comes in at # 7 , after malaysian and hindi . 
  finland asking the real questions , i want to know why too : /, 
  huh , til ireland only became part of the uk in 1801 . 
  thought it was earlier , thanks . 
  so you 're saying they 're as different as american states ... which the person i 'm responding to does n't believe are as different as the uk 's constituent countries ? 
  team gb have the same maximum competitors as any other single country though . 
  the eu as a whole can have dozens of people in an event . 
  and the uk is hardly separate countries competing together . 
  every part of the uk has been part of it since before america was a country , and the legal systems are more closely linked than , say , louisiana and texas . 
  i think the uk 's had it 's share of oil drama with iran , since our oil interests there are indirectly responsible for the current government, 
  both minority , with worldwide leaning towards being a fringe opinion . 
  i 'd be pro both but since brexit is happening , does n't look like a possibility in the near future . 
  / r/europe turns into a far right echo chamber as soon as anyone mentions the i-word , far moreso than the actual countries it represents . 
  i like germany and see them as fairly similar to the uk - strong economy , relatively large population , lots of international trade . 
  any talk about `` conquering '' europe is bullshit - since the uk has chosen to opt out of having much control of the eu , germany naturally is the largest country in it , but that does n't mean they run it . 
  no real negative effects . 
  tabloids have more to complain about , otherwise there 's no real problem with it . 
  i do n't like religious conservatism whichever religion it stems from , but that is n't in itself enough of a reason for me to be against muslim refugees . 
  the whole `` ooo hiding terrorists '' thing is massively overblown and the kind of thinking that extremists are focused on promoting - the good that comes from taking in refugees massively outweighs the bad of a small scale terrorist attack, 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  god damn that thing is ugly . 
  it 's like they tried to one up helsinki or something . 
  that whole thing was so transparently targeted at muslims , it was incredible . 
  it has too much influence . 
  i have no problem with people being religious or anything , but in my country we have church funded schools where people are brought up believing in god . 
  i would be much more comfortable with religion if it was something people could explore on their own terms as an adult , instead of something mixed into education . 
  well * clearly * they should have expected assassinatiung one member of nobility would trigger two world wars resulting in tens of millions of people dying / s, 
  ^ they 're ^ better ^ than ^ us . 
  all horribly warm , and beautiful , and sunny , it 'd be embarassing for us if we were so much as compared to that, 
  only if we do n't have to go near new zealand . 
  good job i 'm sitting down .
