i said we need to respect them if we want to keep a hope up to bring the elgin marbles back from london 'cause that 's what the british were accusing us of ( not having proper care for them so that 's why we built the acropolis museum too ) . 
  yes but the italians arent accused of that like we are as i said . 
  also i fail to see why colosseum and italians are a `` role model '' we should follow ( also colosseum is in much better condition and younger too ) . 
  yeah sure , because all the celebrity people coming to see gucci 's show will be wearing flat shoes and the models when leave the runway will be floating in the air . 
  plus a whole backstage needs to be constructed and a whole damn runway . 
  the risk is high for someone to take . 
  im not being old fashioned , you are just being too much `` pro '' without a proper reason as to why we should do this except money , which again may cost us more in the long term to repair.the acropolis may be flattering for a fashion show , but not all shows are flattering for the acropolis . 
  the archaeological service and the ministry did the right thing . 
  edit : spellings, 
  where are you from ? 
  gucci likes ancient greece and that 's cool but a show there with lights , high heels and stuff would damage the acropolis . 
  in fact everyday it passes it gets damaged by the time and by visitors , it 's not worth the money it will need for repairs and everything in the long term . 
  last but not least , acropolis definitely does n't need any promotion and these shows dont really flatter the monument . 
  we need to respect them since we demand the elgin marbles from britain . 
  thankfully, 
  wow , how do you know that?do you follow greek music stuff or what ? 
  no the government does n't fund music industry , it 's all done private . 
  barely the government funds anything in these days tbh lol, 
  yes he is known , he has done several mini-projects in [ music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26fxje4u-3i ) and show presentations here and there , but yes his main career is in france , not even comparable . 
  he does tweet in greek every now and then , but yes he is famous , he does have greek followers , including me :p greek government has paid tribute to him as being an important person of the greek diaspora who promotes greece abroad and made [ stamps ] ( http://cms.gong.gr/images/2/460/3020_465907101.jpg ) of him, 
  gc side is ready for a solution too , they elected a pro union party as well whose members are very pronunionists . 
  akinci has talked in favor of remaining the military presence of turkey in the island . 
  tc has guarantee of political safety and that 's why juncker was there too . 
  becomming european citizens comes with full political/social and economical rights . 
  again no source or proof . 
  your opinion is biased . 
  how 's greece sabotaging a solution ? 
  it was turkey who left the negotiations yesterday in the middle and today erdogan makes such statements , you can guess whose fault was it for not agreeing in the removal of army from the island . 
  you ca n't just blame a country for sabotaging without proof out of nowhere just because public opinion of tc 's or turks feel like that.i say erdogan is sabotaging a solution because of statements like the one he had today and that 's a fact . 
  how are gc 's taking advantage of tc 's atm ? 
  facts & sources please . 
  imagine yourself being surrounded by all that fake news , propaganda - agendas , lies etc from both domestic and foreign media , tv channels and others at a time you are the most vulnerable . 
  we have become distrust against all . 
  especially last year when we held a referendum , shit news reached at a peak . 
  my mom , who is 51 uses internet daily for news and shares the news with my dad who does n't use the internet much . 
  last time britain had troops in greece was during the greek civil war https://www.google.gr/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/30/athens-1944-britains-dirty-secret?client=ms-android-om-lge, 
  you are generalizing . 
  not all people are lucky enough to have a job . 
  we have 1.5 m unemployed people , we need to create more jobs for them , that 's why we borrow money . 
  not stigmatize those who take vacation and are happy when they stop working after a stressful & inhumane season , that 's all i mean . 
  sorry , but in a free market , if a man worked enough to provide himself all the neccessary for the next year , what 's your problem with him taking prolonged vacation ? 
  obviously tourism is our strong sector and a lot of money is flowing in the country and to these people , enough for them rest after 5-6 inhumane months of work . 
  and yep , in tourism is probably the most competitive sector we have and can provide you a lot of money . 
  i know ppl who do . 
  people decide what best suits 'em and have althe freedom to do it.obviously i guess does n't worth the time and cost for them to have a second job ( like farming in a rocky greek island ) and work all year round . 
  besides there are n't many other options left on winter for islands . 
  if you really want people to work 24/7 for the state , no decisions about their work and exploitation of labor then i suggest you go and work to communist china or n.korea next time . 
  so is through tv channels , media , radio etc.trust me , we had a lot of false news on tv channels . 
  anyway from country to country the media are different so not really comparable . 
  what 's wrong with us ... again ?!? 
  we 've had enough lies , '' mistakes '' , distorted or false news and propaganda by tv channels and everyone in the media during these years of crisis . 
  that 's why people use more and more the internet to do their own search of news and have a plurality of sources for news . 
  these sort of maps portray shitty stereotypes from ignorant people mostly and are made exactly to make fun of it . 
  you really should n't take them into consideration . 
  do n't be offended , every person has an individual opinion about each country . 
  i guess the average greek ( not me ) does n't know much about baltics as we are living far off each other and probably the creator did n't have anything else to write there . 
  again , just a guess , not sure why he wrote it , you should ask him . 
  i like the baltics !, 
  what sort of privacy is being violated ? 
  if you register all your bank accounts in your tax system , you have nothing to hide and no one/government will investigate you . 
  since im greek i already register my bank accounts from the national/local banks and therefore give away some of my privacy so i can be checked and base my taxation on actual numbers , not estimations . 
  i do n't have a bank account abroad but if i had i would have to register it as well and if i did n't , i would violate the law and therefore give the government the right to investigate me and violate my privacy . 
  about time !, 
  unfortunately this is true . 
  my mom works as a chief nurse for the cardiology clinic of a public hospital and the infections for about a year or so have raised significantly . 
  she was mentioning it very often lately . 
  hahahahaha - dies laughing -, 
  exactly , i could n't have said it better !, 
  unfortunately , he is not feared anymore , his death was confirmed, 
  omg , montenegro and albania are really low though ... 
  too good to be true, 
  i have n't met my great grandparents but my grandparents no , they do n't have more negative opinion on germany . 
  i love raki too , but i did n't mention it 'cause i thought the others were only popular . 
  im glad to see other raki admirers lol . 
  have you tried rakomelo ? 
  it 's the hot version of raki served during winter usually . 
  raki boiled with honey , cinammon and rose . 
  i love it . 
  we do learn the english alphabet when the english language class is introduced in our curriculum , so yes . 
  it 's not too far from the greek one . 
  i galanoleuki ( the blue 'n' white one ), 
  shit high and watch, 
  yeah they seem to have kinda similar sounds especially the surnames , but again im not sure how lithuanian surnames are pronounced orally . 
  papadopoulos ( or papadopoulou for women ) is the most polular surname here . 
  the most common name for female is maria and for male giorgos . 
  well not really proud , just find them interesting [ kri-kri wild goat ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/kri-krimesa.jpg ) for it 's big horns [ taygetos blue butterfly ] ( http://www.leps.it/indexjs.htm?speciespages/polyomenel.htm ) for it 's beautiful blue color, 
  was a kid back then and really loved it . 
  hercules the movie and the kid 's series was loved by kids of my age . 
  where did you find that out ? 
  agree with you . 
  mentioned the taxation and bureacracy problems above that are an obstacle to do business here . 
  there are still lots and lots of things need to be done . 
  it was another [ hard year ] ( http://via.kkoolook.com/post/155114834132/bread-price-in-greece-14-higher-than-the-eu ) . 
  it was good to have a significant surplus though , i guess that will help the image of the country abroad and may attract investments . 
  but we have overtaxation so we can reach our economic goals and that blocks new businesses to start and we need to reduce bureaucracy as well . 
  overtaxation has lead to the rise of the shadow economy inevitably . 
  coping with the economic crisis is difficult , but we maintain close family bonds and help one another . 
  the humanitarian refugee crisis also was/is another issue to deal with this past year and has hit the tourism sector in some of the islands . 
  the [ unemployment and poverty ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/brie/2016/578991/ipol_bri\\ ( 2016 \\ ) 578991_en . pdf ) remains the highest across eu . i think the main problem is the lack of strong and independent institutions and some corrupt politicians who still want to keep their benefits and maintain corruption in the society . 
  there is a massive exodus of educated youngs abroad and the population is shrinking significantly ( est permanent residents population for 2016 10.783.748 vs 10.858.018 in 2015 ) the government now follows strictly the memorandum and the proposed measures/goals so we 'll wait and see i guess .
