  this has been preventing us from doing effective immigration policies and international engagement ever since . 
  aaaand there are already the political correct anti-facist leftits crying that german soldiers will be murdering innocent children again and that germany has imperialistic ambitions . 
  yeah , those four transport aircraft will totally bring hell over our enemies ... 
  it 's ... racist * nomnomnom * ... but sooo good * nomnom * damn germans !, 
  that 's cool and all but could anybody explain where the money will come from ? 
  woah , now it 's getting philosophical ... 
  evil germans are evil . 
  must be genetic . 
  i live in mei\u00dfen which is very close and just visited the stritzelmarkt ( dresdner weihnachtsmarkt ) . 
  they made some decent improvements since that photo was taken . 
  that 's how tanks are transported during peace times . 
  everywhere . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-pzovzg534lu/tny22ds0lfi/aaaaaaaah8o/ax__ubvnyvy/s1600/abramsk%25c3%25b6ln2.jpg ) you have some us-american abrams and [ here ] ( http://www.panzerbaer.de/helper/pix/bw_trptrsp_neulussheim-001i.jpg ) are some german spz fuchs ( both pics taken in germany ) . 
  it 's actually the best way to move tanks for exercises or to airports because these things tend to destroy roads and they need shitloads of diesel . 
  well , they have to register their business and many wo n't do it out of shame but it 's actually not a big deal . 
  we have fair and simple flat tax model especially for sex workers ( `` d\u00fcsseldorfer modell '' ) , but some prefer not to register . 
  many do it as a second job . 
  prostitution wo n't go away if we forbid it . 
  we made it legal , made the sex workers pay taxes and gave them access to health care to pull a big part of the industry out of the shadows so it 's easier for the women to get help if they need it , to get out of the industry if they want it and to minimize trafficking , which still exists but not as big . 
  the feminist point of `` women as objects '' is so wrong . 
  i have met sex workers and most of them are so strong and self confident , but the feminists want to criminalize all of them ? 
  that 's so wrong and i hope they will fail . 
  sorry for writing , i 'm on my phone . 
  germans are racist ? 
  must be genetic / s, 
  looks like i fell for some misleading news . 
  i apologize . 
  thank you !, 
  the euro was the price for the reunification . 
  if or if not the uk will join is right now not the topic , but i hope it will not happen . 
  more than half of the british gdp comes from nothing more than virtual goods , produced in london . 
  ok i agree with that . 
  i voted spd just because they want minimum wage . 
  i 've worked for 4,60 euros an hour . 
  does someone know what the effect of the proposed 8,50 min wage will be approximately in numbers ? 
  i 'd really like to know . 
  would that be enough ? 
  some people really earn too few for the work they do . 
  edit : what would happen if it would rise the domestic demand but would not lower the exports ? 
  we mainly export industrial machines and chemicals , not consumer products . 
  absolutely germanys fault ... soooo ... how 's that ? 
  we were forced into the euro and somehow managed to do well . 
  others ca n't compete and still agreed to join the eurozone , abd now you propose wealth redistribution ? 
  because bad germany ? 
  i think you do n't need a degree in macroeconomics to see that this makes no sense . 
  we happen to have a strong industry since the '50s and it was export vased long before the euro . 
  that was never a secret , you know ... 
  i see that this is a problem , but again : how is that germanys fault ? 
  we ca n't just stop exporting goods . 
  what should we do ? 
  `` he guys . 
  listen . 
  could you buy your stuff somewhere else ? 
  that would be great '' - said no one ever . 
  am i a total asshole for being totally numb about nazi stuff ? 
  i mean ... 
  i already know i will go to hell for being german , our history teacher made sure we feel all guilty and stuff , so please do n't feed me with nazi stuff 24/7 ... 
  well ... one is germany , and the other one is bavaria . 
  the idea of the basic income is that everyone gets it - manager and unemployed alike . 
  if someone wants more , he can work . 
  here in germany , the unemployed get so many bonuses that a basic income of 1000 euro for everyone would be cheaper because it also eliminates a lot of b\u00fcrokratie . 
  a basic income is actually cheaper than paying welfare to everyone in need . 
  oh yeah , now they want to be anschluss-ed . 
  he was a kgb officer in the former gdr . 
  must ... avoid ... ww2 joke ... 
  * men, 
  is n't it about watering the fields with the blood of the enemies ? 
  he did something that the usa do every day with drones . 
  just saying . 
  edit : before the `` you are defending nazi crimes '' - shitstorm starts : no , i 'm not defending anything and i certainly do not want to hurt the feelings the dutch people . 
  if you take away the politics of the time and the knowledge today and view it in the most simple way , it 's just this : a soldier killed an insurgent in occupied territory . 
  that happens almost everyday in afghanistan . 
  that does n't make it right , but it shows that something is n't right just because it was commited by the right guy . 
  universidad complutense de madrid . 
  it was ok . 
  the department i was at ( estudios empresariales ) was not well equipped , the computers and the rooms were a bit old , but the staff was great and everything was well organized . 
  madrid is a great city , very safe ( police and security everywhere ) , very clean , with the best public transportation system i have ever used and a fantastic nightlife . 
  life is very expensive there , so i could n't go out much : - / i miss that city . 
  omg we should just let them work . 
  it 's already hard in germany to get a foreign diploma recognized by the authorities so these people would mostly work as delivery drivers , warehouse workers or in jobs that no one wants to do . 
  let them work , then they will feel needed , it will be good for their self esteem if they can contribute to society and care for their families and they need less tax money . 
  win win . 
  i would never let a carpenter without education near my house . 
  that is a complex profession , you need to know mathematics , physics , materials , safety . 
  where the hell do people get the idea that you need no education for trades ? 
  you ca n't just mess around a few months on a construction site and call yourself a carpenter . 
  i am glad that when i hire a plumber , carpenter , roofer , mechanic , ... , that i know the guy had a decent training . 
  to make it short : no because nazis . 
  you 're right . 
  the tuition was actually not very high . 
  most unis wanted about 500 $ per semester and that is absolutely affordable with baf\u00f6g and maybe a summerjob . 
  my tuition was 150 $ per semester and i got 600 $ baf\u00f6g . 
  seriously , studying is a priviledge . 
  you should x-post to / r/cringe . 
  it 's not that ... if they do n't want to fight that 's totally ok . what 's bad are these half-assed mandates , go to foreign country , restore peace , help the people - but for gods sake do n't shoot !, 
  they do n't even get the equippment they need . 
  there was a big debate here if we should send leopard 2 tanks to afghanistan ( the canadians used them successfully ) . 
  the idea was dropped because `` it looked too much like war '' . 
  no shit . 
  if our goverment would say `` no , we do n't fight on foreign soil ! '',
