  til . 
  thank you . 
  i always wondered why spain never tried to conquer it . 
  i mean ... it 's just there , surrounded by spain on three sides and the atlantic in the west . 
  germany biiig . 
  if another guy would host the party , germany would be the designated driver . 
  with benedict cumberbatch and emma watson * hopes *, 
  friend of mine studied nuclear engineering at the fh zittau . 
  he 's currently working on his doctor at the tu dresden so i think they gave him a good education . 
  yes , but i prefer salami on my pizza . 
  obviously i do n't know as much as you , but i do know that you do n't become the most powerfull * woman * in the world without elbows . 
  so what exactly did she do wrong ? 
  none of these points shows why she is the worst chancellor ever , these points are just normal behaviour of politicians . 
  if it helps with the crisis ... 
  are you trying to be funny ? 
  because you are not . 
  so , you are telling me that you understand the article and you are flipping your shit about `` zypr-idiotisch '' ? 
  how dare you bullying us you naz ... oh sorry , you are not german , my mistake . 
  god . 
  the biggest european newspaper . 
  the bild . 
  great , if you would have linked to an article of the british the sun , there would be no difference in quality , but your blog calls this `` quality journalism '' , hey great . 
  i will gather some links to greek newspapers showing angela merkel in ss uniform and call that quality journalism , too !, 
  but hey , wait !, 
  it 's not even an article . 
  it 's a `` zwischenruf '' - this guy posts his opinion in a blog section of the newspaper - is that the quality journalism you are talking about ? 
  well , let 's admit that `` zypriotisch '' is insensitive , but not as bad as getting called a fucking nazi every fucking day . 
  ok , so let 's read this `` article '' in this `` newspaper '' : he wonders why the cypriot parliament voted against a tax of 9,9 % for accounts that hold more than 20.000 $ . 
  he admits that it was a mistake that the finance ministers of the ez decided to tax people with little savings as well , and that it is understandable that people are upset bout it and he calls that a `` stupid mistake '' . 
  then he goes on : all this does not change that the two biggest banks are almost bankrupt and that cyprus need fresh money . 
  then he writes that cyprus had the choice between three options : 1 . ), 
  10 % loss for everyone with +200.000 $ on the bank 2 . ), 
  15 % loss for everyone with +100.000 $ on the bank 3 . ), 
  100 % for everyone because the banks go bankrupt the cypriot parliament voted for # 3 , the people are dancing in the streets about it , and he doesnt understand it and calls that `` zypr-idiotisch '' . 
  well , it 's a stupid play of words but imo he 's basically right . 
  btw , did you read the article ? 
  wait , you do n't even understand german ? 
  how the fuck dare you criticizing something where you ca n't even understand the language ? 
  because a fucking blog told you so ? 
  oh , and if i would have more than 100.000 $ on my account , which will probably never happen , i would love to pay 10 % to save my country because if the banks go bankrupt i would lose fucking everything . 
  and your `` proof '' is a blog , written in english . 
  seems legit . 
  edit : i checked the links in the blog and mcbricks is right , sorry for that . 
  more in the next comment beneath :-), 
  moons - plural, 
  latvia can into space !, 
  didnt know we are a charity . 
  how much of your income do you donate to the poor ? 
  the problem : money laundering/tax haven status is their internal economy . 
  now you can sell your country to the russians , bitches . 
  to ban a party is a complicated precedure because we have something in our constitution that is called `` parteienprivileg '' , that means : only our highest court , the bundesverfassungsgericht , can rule that a party is unconstitutional . 
  as long as that didnt happen , said party has to be treated like any other ( legal ) party . 
  this is very important because it prevents the actual goverment from banning unwanted parties . 
  with all the verfassungsschutz assets in the ranks of the npd it is very difficult for the court to tell what actions were done by actual npd members and what actions were done by assets to discredit the npd . 
  yes , it is hard to proof that the npd is unconstitutional because they wont be so stupid to write `` yeah , kill the jews '' on their homepage . 
  officially , they are against too much immigration , against the euro , and for stronger support for families . 
  everyone knows that they are , but we cant ban a party without hard proof , that would be problematic in a democracy . 
  another thing that people should think about is : what happens after they are banned ? 
  these people will not disappear into thin air , they are still there and they have still an organisation , but now they are in the underground , out of the eye , out of the mind . 
  you see , banning the npd is not as easy as you might think . 
  i think you guys scared her a bit away with this ss-uniform shit . 
  well , the nsdap implemented childsupport ( kindergeld ) and health care for senior citizens . 
  the french and dutch have some overseas territories . 
  flights from there to the mother country could count as domestic flight . 
  have n't heard anything : - /, 
  i hope the police woman will get well soon . 
  since when are we talking about the 60 's ? 
  if you go to another country it 's up to you to learn the language . 
  when i lived in spain nobody held my hand and helped me , i had to engage in discussions with locals to learn . 
  same with collegues that went to france and china . 
  you ca n't expect that you are spoonfed everything you need . 
  there 's a word here in germany with that opinion . 
  it starts with n and ends with azi . 
  you wo n't read about that in germany . 
  does n't fit with the happyly dancing on a rainbow narrative . 
  that did actually happen in east germany , so why not in whole eastern europe ? 
  they print their own driver licences and other documents . 
  they even have an `` exile government '' in south america . 
  crazy shit . 
  you could say it ... fought to death . 
  because they 're all in the repair shops . 
  i do n't think the goat is lazy , the caricature just shows the differences in economic might . 
  without fiscal union the goat will eventually be mangled by the v8 dragster . 
  germans should know better . 
  we are still paying the bill for the former gdr ( not saying we shoudl n't - i 'm born there , but it 's a good example for failed socialism ) . 
  ... and too wealthy parents . 
  * intentionally * misleading title . 
  and vegetarian . 
  may he burn in hell . 
  maybe he meant ` oxi clean ' , it does wonders against dog vomit . 
  that 's bild . 
  seriously , the sun is better source than them ... 
  they say there 's an infinite number of universes . 
  from what parallel universe do you get your german news ? 
  i somehow read this as antipasti . 
  i like antipasti . 
  then why did n't he chose other words ? 
  he is a smart man , he used that word on purpose . 
  i 'm not into sm . 
  `` we must lower costs meow ! '',
