there is definately a need to get edgy about this . 
  these extremists are testing out how far we let them go . 
  immigrants are minorities , too . 
  norway pls . 
  why not pimp a flag with some skunk stripes ? 
  aww i miss madrid !, 
  i totally forgot the giant apartment building at plaza espana !, 
  yeah . 
  filthy canadians ... 
  did n't you guys accidently invade them ? 
  i may be a northerner for you , here in germany i am an easterner , the bavarians dislike us probably more than you guys , but nobody likes bavarians so it 's ok . 
   germany because ww2 and 1974 world cup final . 
  although i must say that attitude towards germany is changing fast . 
  two equally bad incidents . 
  about madrid : these four towers are the only skyscrapers there , and they are on the edge of the city . 
  but vikings ? 
  buuuse - directed by michael bay, 
  the bird died on a deadly dosis of pollonium on the next day . 
  * technically * you were on the winning side . 
  germans are eeevvvvviiiillll !!!, 
  must be genetic !!!, 
  panic !!!, 
  i even like verse one and two . 
  especially the second , our version of sex , drugs and rock 'n roll . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  i 'd like to invest . 
  that would be an issue between spain and catalonia , would n't it ? 
  but i must admit that i do n't have the knowledge to get any deeper into the discussion ... sorry . 
  good point . 
  i oversimplified matters , but all that talk about a united europe and solidarity - would n't that just be worthless then ? 
  if angela merkel talks about `` defending territorial integrity of spain '' , what do you think she means ? 
  germany would not recognize an independet catalonia , so would n't other european countries with seperatist movements ; these countries would pressure the rest of europe to not recognize catalonia . 
  there would n't be any trade pacts . 
   doubt it . 
  in fact , i believe we 'll have a lot of trade pacts right away . 
  i do n't think so . 
  all contracts would be with the spanish government in madrid . 
  besides , would n't it be hypocritical to declare independence but at the same time demand that all contracts and agreements with the spanish government ( the new country want nothing to do with ) that are in favor of spain automatically apply to that new country ? 
  talk about cherry picking ... 
  ahem , no ? 
  that 's absolutely not realistic . 
  an independent catalonia would be isolated in europe ; without eu-membership , trade agreements and recognition of the big countries that country would be destined to fail . 
  without violence . 
  when has germany bombed seperatists in the eu the last time ? 
  why do you think , that violence is the only answer ? 
  i `` first '' shouted , yeah , know what i could just quote the posts in this sub but i think fighting with you wo n't win me anything . 
  thank you :-), 
  you sure know a lot of germans . 
  thanks for your input ; have a nice day . 
  so , i have to downplay , make myself smaller and kiss asses to be liked ? 
  you do n't `` like '' someone because he is your submissive bitch . 
  and here come you , insulting me and an entire country of 82 million people in your very first comment toward me . 
  your people can be glad that most people do n't judge a whole group on one individual otherwise you would be from a nation of angry envious assholes . 
  `` a veneer of modesty and solidarity obscuring a sort of arrogant smug pride beneath is as annoying as all those people calling you nazis 70 years after the end of the war . '', 
  so what exactly do you mean with that ? 
  be a bit more clear before we engage in a bitch fight . 
  these comments make me sad . 
  i got a feeling that these people would party with you , laugh in your face and then write on the internet how evil you are . 
  now we ca n't even celebrate a victory in a footbal match without being nazis . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  we actually had a very good offer on these planes but it was rejected because `` the a400m is coming soon '' - that was like 10 years ago . 
  germany is still waiting for these a400ms . 
  and nh90s . 
  and the new drones . 
  and lots of stuff that has been delayed for a decade now . 
  meanwhile our solders fly around in helicopters from the vietnam era and the un rejects german air support for mali because our transall planes from the 60s are just too shitty . 
  yes , the european defence industry could need a `` boost '' . 
  it can be a problem . 
  my ex so is in the health industry and she has seen the problems . 
  germany has enough docotrs in numbers , but nobody wants to open a pratice in rural parts of the country or the poorer regions . 
  they all want to work in the big cities or not in germany at all because the working conditions are worse than in switzerland or norway . 
  to staff smaller hospitals and maintain a basic care for rural germany they have to attract foreign doctors . 
  that ok , but in some regions like saxony it 's so bad that they have to to take everyone they can get . 
  some of these doctors speak barely german . 
  they do n't understand their colleges , their patients and they do n't know what meds they prescribe and sometimes they are plain bad at their job and could n't get work in their home country because how bad they are . 
  this is dangerous . 
  your typical german `` nothing to see here '' reflex because you are so totally not a right winger is a problem , too , because it prevents people from adressing the problem in public . 
  sorry , but this is just reality . 
  sorry for writing . 
  i 'm on my phone . 
  that 's why they are on the streets . 
  heh you look pretty stupid now . 
  where does that hate for romanians come from ? 
  i once visited a friend in poland . 
  she had a romanian boyfriend she met while studying in germany and when we visited her uncle she told me that when he visited he was not allowed in the house just because he is romanian . 
  that was in the eastern part of poland , near the ukrainian border . 
  even weirder was that i as a german was treated like a rock star . 
  i would have expected that people would loathe me , not the romanians ... 
  well , on the very next day putin said that the oszd hostages should be released . 
  so there 's that ... 
  what would greece do if they get the money and then , a year later , it 's gone because they did n't change anything ? 
  germoney stronker !, 
  ssh , it 's gon na be ok . 
  it 's true . 
  just read the comments to russia related articles on spiegel online or die zeit . 
  russia is the good guy for liberating the crimeans from those evil nazi ukrainians while the eu , usa and nato are evil warmongers that ca n't wait to crush poor russia . 
  it 's actually funny ... and sad ... but also funny . 
  and germany will be like `` nah , we ca n't , our feels '', 
  i give a shit and i think he 's right . 
  yes , but the difference is that the far-left is actually mainstream and socially accepted in germany while everything right the centre is `` omg nazis !!! 11eleven '' .
