  that would be respectable , but this shitty `` ok , we help . 
  a little . 
  only if we feel it 's safe '' is just a shame . 
  well , i think it 's kind of obvious . 
  everything right of the cdu is evil but the ~ ~ sed ~ ~ die linke , a party that supports the pkk and other extreme left terror organisations and has some real backward communist nuts in its ranks ( like wagenknecht ) , gets voted into the bundestag . 
  i could go on but fear my english is not good enough . 
  keep in mind that the cdu would be a left party in other countries . 
  also , look at the downvotes . 
  al the political correct germans . 
  we do n't even have a real `` center '' or `` a little bit right of the center '' , we only have extreme left ( die linke ) , left ( spd , greens ) , a little bit left of the centre ( cdu ) . 
  that ca n't work . 
  no , i did n't . 
  edit : what ? 
  i did n't miss it . 
  there is a trial . 
  it was all over the news . 
  what do you want ? 
  i messer ? 
  if they were right they would be called terrorists . 
  nothing will happen because german politics is blind on the left eye . 
  yes . 
  example : our dod wants to buy drones to cut costs while improve the abiltiy to gather data in , say afghanistan , before we send troops in . 
  what is the canon here ? 
  `` the bundeswehr wants these deadly weapons and kill children like the amircans do !, 
  drones are evil !!! '', 
  - and that 's not only some conspiracy nuts , some respected newspapers write this shit and are always very anti-military . 
  not only that , libreoffice is just amazing . 
  i use it for two years now and never had problems . 
  it can open everything , even * . docx , it can save directly to pdf , it 's fast and the handling is better than this strange semi-cool microsoft office ui . 
  germany spent decades in making the military being recognized as `` necessary evil '' . 
  it 's badly funded , technologically a decade behind uk and france , crippled by ridiclous bureaucracy and has absolutely no political backing . 
  soldiers in afghanistan improved their jeeps with metal plates and a cage , like the us troops did it , and guess what : they had to remove all of that because it would not get approved for use in civilian traffic in germany . 
  ever wondered why there are so few videos of helmet cameras or embedded journalists ? 
  because nobody wants to be a `` kameradenschwein '' . 
  see , when some bureaucrats in germany saw these videos and one of the soldiers was not properly shaved , wore parts of his uniform incorrectly ( means : more practical for the enviroment he is in ) or other stuff ( like the thing with the jeeps ) , they pressed charges against them !, 
  for a long time , they were not allowed to fight . 
  yes , we sent soldiers to war but they were not allowed to fight . 
  if they got attacked , they were allowed to defend themselfes , but if the enemy suddenly retreated , they were not allowed to follow and had to stop shooting . 
  if they did n't , they were under investigation for murder . 
  politicians told our people that we are just there to build schools and help people and everyone was very surprised that there were actually guys shooting at our soldiers !, 
  all this made our soldiers `` easy targets '' and led to increased attacks on them . 
  the taliban knew we were the weakest link in the chain of nato nations . 
  eventually , the situation in the north got so bad that the rules of engagement had to be changed . 
  who the hell wants to serve in such a mess that is our army ? 
  this is one of the most `` meh '' headlines i 've ever seen on r/europe . 
  imagine the shitstorm if germany would have done that . 
  ok , maybe i am too stupid to understand this , but : germany shall cripple its own economy so others do n't need to better their economies ? 
  germany causes the problems because it is successfull ? 
  is it that ? 
  another article says it 's 41 billion . 
  what am i supposed to believe ? 
  and the problem is ? 
  really , should germany be ashamed that she is successfull where others failed ? 
  i do n't understand this . 
  oh come on , who calls a * fahrrad * a * velo * ? 
  a few years back there was a big camp of gypsies near a shopping centre in my town . 
  they had the biggest caravans , drove only new bmws and mercedes . 
  kind of shaped my prejudices about these people . 
  if nobody reads it , who can we know that it sucks ? 
   one guy from the ** csu ** [ ... ] well , there is the problem . 
  it 's an old german proverb , roughly translated into english . 
  oups , my bad . 
  god created the earth , the dutch created the netherlands . 
  c'mon , you know what i mean . 
  sometimes it seems that the british think about germany as some exotic place at the other end of the world . 
  guys , we are practically neighbors , there are just a few kilometers of water between our countries !, 
  they actually get a decent salary . 
  one warehouse is in leipzig in eastern germany , and with the 11 $ / hour you can make a really good living there . 
  data and privacy protection ? 
  kohl wanted to do something 30 years ago that eventually did n't happen . 
  so what ? 
  some countries put great efford into the issue . 
  we still do n't know if the capacities will be enough because many parents registered their children at more than one daycare to better their chances . 
  best salami in the world . 
  reminds me of the order my feldwebel gave us : `` when i ask for volunteers , i want everyone to raise their hands ! '', 
  you just reminded me of this video on youtube with all the female israeli soldiers ... you lucky basterds . 
  it 's often ( on purpose ? ), 
  overlooked the the hereos slaughtered germans farmers first . 
  you knew , did n't you ? 
  thanks . 
  hope he will die slowly of cancer . 
  i ca n't read the article right now , so : what has he done despite being in the ss ? 
  in the last months of the war the ss enlistet ( forced ) everyone to be thrown at the enemy . 
  err ... you know ... forget it . 
  hot women , ugly men . 
  i thought i was dead and in heaven . 
  very true . 
  life on mars and ashes to ashes are my favs , and the main cast is so ... normal looking . 
  maybe i 'm not used to see average looking people on tv . 
  sweden is also known for tall blonde women in tight soccer shirts . 
  i love british tv shows , but so many people in them are ugly . 
  ha ha stop it , you 're killing me !, 
  nobody talks about the kommando strategische aufkl\u00e4rung , the military intelligence which is strongly tied to the bnd . 
  of course the army knew , they used everything they could over there . 
  the bundestag was far away . 
  we had one in canada , too ( goose bay ) . 
  it was closed due to budget cuts . 
  the luftwaffe base is in nm because germany is too dense populated to train flights in very low altitute . 
  they are just jealous . 
  how polish of you to notice :d,
