   the usa never go to war against anyone who could actually kick their ass probably because such a country does not exist . 
  the usa as it is now has arguably the strongest military position in human history . 
  it would be hard to conceive of a war they would n't win . 
  those cursed baking secrecy laws . 
  you can never know what kind of cakes people are making . 
  do n't worry , there 's a good bit of that in there too , it 's not entirely cultural differences . 
  interesting how you 're no longer allowed to be considered a good guy unless you like the eu . 
  i would have thought euroscepticism has no bearing on personal morals whatsoever , but obviously i was wrong . 
  nah , he was n't very good at that . 
  he 's gone onto radio to become an american-style `` shock jock '' for now , so he 'll probably just hang around public discourse in the uk like a bad smell . 
   britain leaving it does n't even seem to be enough for him . 
  nothing will be enough for him . 
  if he ever publicly admits that he has what he wants , he 'll become irrelevant overnight . 
  nobody will care what he thinks . 
  ca n't have that . 
  i fully expect him to start calling for the reinstatement of the ww1 germany blockade at some point . 
   people in the uk tend to avoid confrontation in an understated , mannered , and humorous style that can be either powerful or inefficient . 
  this is so true , and it happens * all the time * . 
  causes issues when we need to talk to americans in particular , though . 
  they actually take our understatements at face value . 
  france and britain have n't fought a war for over * 200 * years now . 
  it 's making everyone tetchy . 
   once it 's shown britain has fucked up , it will rejoin europe ca n't see that happening . 
  once the status quo is being outside of the eu , we 're staying there . 
  we 're too proud/stubborn to do anything else , especially as the eu would n't let us rejoin without using the euro and joining schengen . 
  i 'll take ` non-catastrophic ' news at this point , really . 
  because it 's her saying it . 
  she ca n't win here whatever she says . 
  if this was the finance minister of austria or whoever saying it for the 25th time , 95 % upvoted , front page here we come . 
  * resist urge to bring up the empire , resist urge to bring up the empire ... * it * was * a joke either way . 
  not necessarily a statement of practical planning . 
  keeping the options open for boris 2020 . 
  him vs incumbent president trump would be quite the sight . 
  he was born in new york and ( definitely until a few years ago ) has american citizenship . 
  he 's eligible . 
  mentioning the city of london seems a bit disconnected from criticism of the westminster system of government , do n't you think ? 
  and you 're right , there is n't an eu equivalent to the city , much to their frustration . 
  of course we did . 
  if other countries want to block integration moves now , they 'll have to step up and do it , rather than just letting us do it and get the heat for being ` not good europeans ' . 
  westminster is so much * what * than the eu ? 
  you could have any word in there . 
  that does n't make it any less lax , that just makes it inept . 
  no , apparently london is only the # 2 finance centre on earth purely because of the eu , and they could have withdrawn their blessings from us whenever they decreed ... or , they 've been consistently trying to build up a eurozone banking rival for years , it 's just never worked . 
  one or the other . 
  compared to the us one , it really is . 
   prefers them over spitfires heresy . 
  which is why they 'll just move production somewhere else . 
  probably the factories they already have that make minis in austria or the netherlands . 
  they wo n't drop the brand . 
  buying actual crack would be cheaper than the stuff from games workshop . 
  thing is , in the long run even the experts are n't saying the economy will get worse . 
  they 're just saying it wo n't be quite as good as it could have been , but still better . 
  so i doubt people will notice any negatives even then , really . 
  the messerschmitts were n't bad planes , in fairness . 
  ( also , the ` plane engines ' bit of rolls royce is separate from the cars bit . 
  the planes bit is still british-owned ), 
  you really think trade with the eu will disappear ? 
  that they 're going to subject us to a cuba-esque trade embargo ? 
  it will be reduced , yes . 
  but you 're acting like we 're going to turn into north korea levels of isolation overnight . 
  we will see . 
  i suspect you may be right , but no offence , i hope you 're wrong . 
  oh they 'll just beef up their already-significant mini-producing factories in austria and the netherlands . 
  that 's obvious . 
  i was just taking issue with the suggestion that they might `` decide the brand is not worth it . '', 
  um , ok . not really sure why that means bmw would suddenly decide that one of their big-selling brands is ` no longer worth it ' , though . 
   12 % of the uk gdp is banking . 
  which basically exists because of the goodwill of the eu . 
  the city 's banking revenue is n't reliant on eu passporting , there 's a lot of other business there . 
  and the eu have tried to remove euro clearing from london multiple times , there is n't any ` goodwill ' there . 
  they just were n't able to regulate a better alternative into existence . 
  considering minis get exported to over 110 countries , with the us and china being among the biggest buyers , i imagine they 'll stick with it for a while . 
  why would the uk leaving the eea cause the end of a subsidiary of bmw ? 
   they need permission from the irish government to receive a title from the uk , the irish government needs presidential approval to give this and its not in the presidents power to give approval was that supposed to happen or was it an accident ? 
  also , does it apply to honours from all foreign countries , or just the uk ? 
  oh yeah , i see what you mean . 
  well may essentially confirmed today that we would n't be in the single market any more , and that does n't appear to have sent the pound spiralling again , so at least it 's calmed down a bit in that department . 
  the racism thing appears ( outside of the independent ) to have tailed off a bit , here 's hoping that continues . 
  we were n't going to change our minds on whether eu integration was acceptable just because the eu kept trying it . 
  and we were hardly the only country that disagreed with it . 
  well eu negotiating processes tend to be pretty dry and uneventful most of the time , then go absolutely mental with lots of late-night brinkmanship right at the end . 
  i would expect more of the same . 
   if we go that route , we 're really going to be sticking the oar in when it comes to ireland . 
  yeah , because we 've always had a problem with doing that ... 
  are n't mini german anyway ? 
  well , i suppose if having donald trump as your head of state is the alternative ... 
  do n't worry joe , we 'll be right over there . 
  that white house has been standing for too long anyway . 
  [ very much not ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sunday-life/number-two-biden-has-a-history-over-irish-debate-28454443.html ) . 
  i know , that 's what i meant . 
  we are unequivocally better at desiring `` to push hardworking self sufficient immigrants out '' . 
  you can almost * feel * the fury emanating off that article . 
  also , thanks for reminding me just how bad the express online edition is . 
  their complete lack of control over caps lock in their headlines makes my eyes hurt . 
   there is no real danish desire to push hardworking self sufficient immigrants out finally , something we unequivocally do better than the danes . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i imagine they 're the same kind of people who pop up on the various uk subreddits wondering whether the republic would leave the eu for the uk and that kind of thing . 
  they practically * all * use union flag flairs too . 
  it 's irritating , i do n't like seeing my country 's flag being dragged through the mud by those guys . 
  we are n't all bad .
