the austro-hungarians did some pretty nasty shit in serbia during ww1 . 
  differing scale and circumstances , though . 
  to be fair , it would be pretty tricky to show cromwell as anything other than anti-royalist . 
  she 's welsh , very welsh . 
  not quite to the tom jones level of course , but nobody is . 
  nobody who already has a music career wants to do eurovision , though . 
  it 's percieved as a career-ending thing to lose at eurovision . 
  hence the best-known acts we send are people like bonnie tyler and englebert humperdink , whose careers died a long time ago . 
  that tends to be our response whenever the americans do anything , really . 
  was it * the * famine he caused , or a different one ? 
  i know there was a famine directly afterwards , plus an outbreak of bubonic plague . 
  did he help cause the 200-years-later famine as well ? 
  it was , yeah . 
  as other comments have said , pretty much every large city in the empire got called that at some point or another . 
  true , got my dates mixed around . 
  no offence intended . 
  charles i seemed to fuck up pretty much everything he touched . 
  most irish people could probably give a pretty thorough rundown . 
  in the uk , though , we just know him as that guy who executed the king after the civil war . 
  well we certainly did n't try very hard compared to some others . 
  as the article says , we did n't have any experiences like the french in algeria . 
  is it a `` cultural adjustment '' if that 's the way we 've always done things and just did n't bother switching to a standardised european way ? 
  that 's a `` cultural non-adjustment '' , if anything . 
  we * still * ca n't decide what our second city is . 
  it 's either edinburgh , birmingham or manchester . 
  manchester ? 
  dublin had the title for a while too , i think . 
  you guys did n't need to switch your roads over from medieval layouts , though . 
  those were all left-sided . 
  something about making it easier to stab people on a horse as most people are right-handed . 
  and yes , the message there is just never get brits to build a railway network . 
  as our own system can attest , we are n't very good at it . 
  [ i do n't know ] ( http://www.ptvsports.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/60-all-out.png ) ... 
   we make a petition to classify the ** british isles ** as a continent of their own uh oh . 
  you may wish to retract that turn of phrase pretty sharpish . 
  it seems to just be us , places that we used to rule , and japan . 
   brainwashing indoctrination meant to instill an engineered sense of a `` british '' national identity . 
  so a sense of identity for a 300-year-old country is engineered and artificial , but a common european identity built around the eu , which is at most 70 years old , is totally natural ? 
  incidentally , we drive on the other side of the road because we were never conquered by napoleon to force us to switch , and there 's no reason for us to go through the administrative nightmare of changing it . 
  glasgow was called the `` second city of the empire '' , was n't it ? 
  it was n't even just one civil war . 
  the english one was followed by ( and helped cause ) what were effectively civil wars in scotland and ireland too . 
  and then cromwell went to ireland and ... well , it was n't pleasant . 
  be pretty hypocritical for most european states to hate us for that , though . 
  well if the finnish government agreed with you and made a statement saying `` we wo n't let scotland in until they balance their budget '' or something similar , all hell would break loose in the independence debate . 
  has anyone actually said they would n't be ? 
  the only similar thing i 've seen is that they would n't be allowed to go independent straight into the eu , they 'd have to leave and then rejoin as a new state . 
  the controversial bit is how long that process would take . 
  we have n't actually invaded another european state yet , i suppose . 
  gives the russians the edge . 
  you think your constitution is vague , at least it 's all written down in one place . 
  ours is spread out over hundreds of years worth of legal documents and political acts . 
  was n't that why the uk government kept referring to the republic as ` eire ' for so long ? 
  along with the standard ` it annoys them and we 're dicks that way ' thing . 
  oh i 'm not going * there * . 
  that argument 's a quagmire that nobody ever comes out from . 
  last i heard you were . 
  or did the uk government secretly keep control and just forget to tell everyone ? 
  i think he 's being serious . 
  the eu will definitely go after every single newspaper in every single country that ever runs an untrue story on them . 
  definitely . 
   this was not a tom clancy novel . 
  of course not , there were no americans involved . 
  no true tom clancy novel would let that happen . 
  judging by the spelling , he 's talking about the orks from warhammer 40,000 . 
  which , with their strong cockney accents , barely comprehensible dialogue and love of casual violence , were explicitly based on english football hooligans . 
  russia 's gdp is smaller than that of italy or south korea . 
  their currency is internationally irrelevant and prone to collapsing . 
  they 're highly reliant on oil prices and international sanctions are crippling them . 
  plus their power projection capabilities are n't that great , especially outside their immediate area . 
  contrast with america , that comprises 25 % of the entire world 's nominal gdp , controls what is effectively the global currency , and spends over 9 times more on its military than the russians do . 
  whatever both countries like to say , russia are n't even close to being in the same league as the americans . 
  celine dion 's already done it . 
  the fans are english , though . 
  you can tell from the foul-mouthed , abusive , yet somewhat tuneful chanting . 
   as for tunnocks , i do n't really associate them with quality in an independent scotland , that statement will be grounds for deportation or imprisonment . 
  it 's a very strong boy band exporting industry you have . 
  even our boy ( and girl ) bands often have at least one irish participant in them . 
  aston martins ? 
  um ... tunnocks teacakes ? 
  you guys do n't piss away loads of money on supercarriers , either . 
  the standard aircraft carriers are fine . 
  that 's what brexit is * really * about . 
  getting away from your weird plug sockets . 
  stop all non-eu immigration ? 
  that seems quite an extreme position . 
  also a really terrible idea . 
   personal interest stories of families affected by brexit . 
  there has been no shortage of those on the bbc since last june . 
  you know , not * everything * has to be about us and the americans . 
  complicated question . 
  by modern standards , yes the people who directly ran the empire were pretty monstrous . 
  which is why you do n't judge historical people by modern standards . 
  i doubt that we 're in any danger of being able to conquer anywhere anytime soon . 
  or ever again , really . 
  but i see your point . 
  yep , and bloody * diana * also made the top 10 ahead of the guy who invented penicillin . 
  i think we can safely assume the 30,000 people who partook in the voting for this initial list were idiots . 
  all colonial empires were monstrous , it was the nature of the beast . 
  i 'm just commenting that this particular guy has previous form in this area .
