  bit disappointed she did n't soundtrack it with [ this ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wbrsllv0ala ) , to be honest . 
  no idea . 
  i was n't the one suggesting it . 
   the son psychically abused and locked up some of his employees til gaddafi 's son was a psychic . 
  i reckon just taking off the second half of the title would improve the numbers markedly . 
  in the data itself , the largest selection is `` do n't know '' for all the selections . 
  even the eu countries . 
  that 's got to be the only time i 've ever seen a british government called competent on here . 
  your approach might work out better than ours in the long run , though ... 
  if there 's one thing we can be relied upon to do , it 's completely misinterpreting pretty much everything to do with ireland or the irish people . 
  of course not , we only started treating the irish people well in the 90s or so . 
  it 's just seems unorthodox to slag off a part of your own country in a propoganda map . 
  well that 's a really flattering depiction of ireland . 
  this is while they were still part of the uk , too . 
  given the number of wars portugal and spain have fought over this very topic , i did think it was odd that you guys apparently merged with spain totally happily and would do again . 
   ireland * will * integrate with the uk , though yeah , i 'm steering well clear of this . 
  do n't really know enough about iberian history , but it seems unlikely that portugal were happily in this iberian union , given they had ( and we helped them fight ) a 28-year war to break out of it . 
   portugal ... integrate with spain yeah , good luck with that one . 
  i get the impression that suggesting that in portugal would get your head kicked in . 
  it would be like suggesting ireland rejoin the uk . 
  or pakistan integrating into india . 
  are the israelis even interested ? 
  they enter eurovision i suppose ... 
  yeah , i know the reasons for it . 
  it just does n't sit right with me . 
  the nordic countries presumably being included as western europe . 
  also , israel ? 
  seems a slightly random choice . 
  i suppose the only problem with a union containing italy , greece , spain and portugal is that that 's a whole lot of debt and financial problems all in one group , without any financially strong ones in there to help . 
  that group would n't last very long at all . 
  really ? 
  i know there 's a lot of money and debt at stake here , but ... i do n't know , a country not being able to decide how to spend its own tax revenue just does n't seem right . 
  i genuinely do n't get why we 're such an outlier compared to the rest of northern europe . 
  the circumstances are all the same , and we 're a famously miserable lot . 
  how come the only western european countries with a lower rate are spain and italy ? 
  i ca n't deny , the brits you see on holiday on european beach resorts , especially in france and spain , really are [ not our best ] ( http://www.traveller.com.au/content/dam/images/3/c/e/l/q/image.gallery.articleleadwide.620x349.3celx.png/1407104445187.jpg ) . 
  she 's been keeping it quiet . 
  do n't want the celts and irish-americans to get wind of it , after all . 
  we are pretty callous , as a people . 
  it 's why we 've given more money to help in syria than anybody except the us and germany , and have the royal navy searching the mediterranean for refugees to rescue . 
  what have ireland contributed ? 
  she could hardly have done a worse job than juncker . 
  to be fair , if these guys did smash through the wall and start driving down the channel tunnel in mad max-style scrap vehicles , i 'm sure they 'd have no visa problems . 
  they can try . 
  yeah , but they are all engineers and particle physicists so it 's all good . 
  well , we only want the strong guys getting in . 
  it 's why the next stage is hanging off the undersides of trucks and so on . 
  really good fitness check . 
  i expect that a spanish wall around ibiza and magaluf will be the next step . 
  i do n't know , in a few years , we 'll be looking for anything to boast about . 
  russia know how to play the geopolitics game too , especially against the usa . 
  the chinese just get sensitive and throw money at things . 
  which works quite a lot of the time , but not so much against the russians or americans . 
  do n't worry our dutch friends , once brexit goes through we will be gunning for the top of this list . 
  we do n't do things like the french do . 
  their overseas departments are considered part of france itself , british overseas territories are not considered part of the uk . 
  we were more hands-off as an empire , and the tradition has continued . 
  was legally a part of the united kingdom for 121 years . 
  i meant governments , but yeah , trump 's already unrepentantly pissed off the chinese more in a month than obama did in 4 years . 
  be interesting to see if he keeps that up , or if he ends up inviting xi to be driven around in a golden carriage or something like we did . 
  at least the chinese are consistent . 
  they want everyone else to be fair and open to their companies , and make big speeches praising free trade to that effect , whilst at the same time not being remotely fair in return . 
  and nobody ever seems to actually challenge them on it . 
   i also can not see germany bailing out the eurozone ... the country 's constitution requires a balanced budget . 
  is this actually true , or is the writer misinterpreting it ? 
  ( it seems to be a common thing in uk media when talking about continental european laws and interests ) . 
   and also you speak english allegedly . 
  i always get embarassed when i hear dutch or danes speak english , they seem much better at it than we are . 
  very surprised that we 're get more people coming from spain than we send there , considering the sheer number of retirees and drug lords from the uk that move there . 
  spain must have a pretty big outflow . 
  ed miliband did that here before the 2015 election , he hired david axelrod , who from what i remember was obama 's strategist . 
  despite the uk probably being the most us-like country in europe , the guy still did n't contribute anything of value . 
  although , admittedly , [ ed ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/multimedia/archive/00739/151053997_739757b.jpg ) is no obama . 
  plus everyone who does think there 's going to be a crash is buying stuff up now , because they think next year might be way more expensive . 
  ironically , by doing that they 're contributing to things still looking fairly not-terrible . 
   the uk looks like a `` winner takes all '' society where do you think the usa inherited it from ? 
  we 've generally been quite adopting of us-style capitalism too , more so than most of europe . 
  which topics are no-go ? 
  not trying to lure you into a trap or anything ... 
  most of them must do . 
  but not many have the incredibly neurotic internalised class obsession that we have . 
  here 's hoping spain do n't catch onto this idea ; our retiree network there has sent back a lot of valuable intelligence ... 
  we probably have n't helped with that last one , sorry . 
  the us and uk have n't stopped talking about wwii and how great we were since the moment it stopped . 
  editing out the russians though , obviously . 
  oh , i thought it was an anti-british thing ( which , in the context of dresden , would be hard to complain about ) . 
  why do the radical left in so many places hate their own country so much ? 
  it always happens . 
  considerate of her to put it in english . 
  genuine question , was this just something that one woman did , or was it part of a wider movement ? 
  well guys , if you want dresden sorting out , you know who to call . 
  i 'm with you , i thought london would be top and then the rest of the country would n't register . 
  maybe it 's the reputation london has here for draining all the other regions of the best people , i do n't know . 
  norway could ask us to build them . 
  our foreign secretary is off insulting some of our biggest buyers , so our defence industry might need a boost soon . 
  yes , and a year ago it was only a debate about how quickly the nations integrated , there was never a thought that a country could leave . 
  there 's a first time for everything , is what i 'm saying . 
  his dad was a stockbroker , his brother is a commodities broker , and he himself was a metals broker in the 80s and 90s . 
  not technically a banker , but as close as to make no difference . 
  you are n't missing out on much .
