  they just should have said that would be when it * started * going wrong , it 's all been downhill since . 
  that 's davis ' plan the next time the whole ` continued ecj ' thing comes up . 
  well yeah , but that 's when barnier and the eu parliament , plus every single eu nation , concedes defeat and just gives us everything we want out of sheer surprise . 
  it 's a truly masterful plan . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm struggling to think of many major decisions we 've made that * have n't * backfired in some way . 
  holding the olympics , perhaps ? 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  we 've never made any national decisions that have backfired horribly in ways we did n't expect . 
  so not only are the uk government competent enough to have solid policy positions , but they 're competent enough to unanimously agree to publicly disagree on those positions to lure the eu into a sense of false security , only for us to suddenly turn around at the end of the year ( when the leverage situation will have changed for some reason ) and smack a load of positions down , catching the ~ ~ hun ~ ~ eu totally off-guard ... absolute scenes if this turns out to be true . 
  i mean , there 's no chance of it , but still . 
   i 'm pretty sure he was n't the one accepting the entry of the uk in the eec yes , but that was n't down to his views on a united europe in itself . 
  he just did n't trust us not to act like a trojan horse for the americans . 
  nice to know that * someone 's * seeing some positives out of the whole mess . 
  i genuinely ca n't tell if he actually said that or if you 're taking the piss . 
  either one is totally plausible . 
   first was the french president 's bastille day meeting with donald trump in paris to set himself up as the key liaison between the us and europe . 
  hey , irritating other european nations by cosying up to globally unpopular republican us presidents is meant to be * our * job !, 
  between the uae , hong kong , singapore and bahrain , brits seem to like living in that kind of foreign country . 
  maybe that 's why the rest of you european nations do n't appeal , too many political freedoms . 
  that 's quite something . 
  or how new zealand , a small island country literally as far away from britain as it 's possible to get without going to space , has nearly twice as many brits as germany does . 
  there are more of us in hong kong than in italy or sweden . 
  we have unusual priorities . 
  we are n't exactly sending our best . 
  all women are marxists ? 
  trump was never this far out of the running , though . 
  he was always just a few % behind . 
  bloody visigoths . 
   stop blaming the us on r/europe ? 
  good luck with that . 
  canada and france are rather different countries . 
  france needs quite a bit more work done than canada , and the french presidency is an infamously thankless task as it is . 
  their loss . 
  especially after looking at the swill they call tea over there these days . 
  it 's almost as bad as their chocolate . 
   what 's sweetface excuse ? 
  he thinks he 's charles de gaulle . 
  i suppose that 's what happens when you actually have to make economic decisions , rather than just spending time calling out donald trump on twitter and having your photo taken with an european flag . 
  having milk in your tea is expected . 
  the true heretics are those who put the milk in first . 
  did n't that battle happen after the peace treaty had been signed ? 
  feel free to request a romanian appreciation thread if you want one so badly . 
  we could do a reverse war of 1812 . 
  we 'll be launching it shortly purely because of you calling the queen ` silly ' . 
  that 's seriously optimistic of them . 
  well as that guy on fox news [ told us ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/jan/11/fox-news-steven-emerson-birmingham-muslims ) that time , birmingham is an entirely no-go city for non-muslims . 
   `` in britain , it 's not just no-go zones , there are actual cities like birmingham that are totally muslim where non-muslims just simply do n't go in . '', 
  nobody tell the hundreds of thousands of non-muslim inhabitants . 
  i bet when may gets around to trying it here , you know what the reaction will be . 
  really ? 
  theresa may would love that policy . 
  that 's actually a better look than some of our recent national kits . 
  less cripplingly expensive , too . 
  always . 
   its confusing and more complicated than that that 's pretty much sums up the status of any small island around britain . 
  it 's never straightforward . 
   i do n't like him heresy . 
  yes , because this entire debate is clearly about people wanting easier access to sport guns . 
  how many do you view as acceptable ? 
  death rate by firearms per 100,000 population : finland : 3.25 switzerland : 3.01 for comparison : italy : 1.31 uk : 0.23 spain : 0.62 so yes , they do have more . 
  cars are n't a device specifically designed to kill as many people as possible , as quickly as possible . 
  cars are indispensable to modern life , guns have literally no purpose except to try and kill people . 
  no doubt . 
  but is that worth the increase in gun attacks that will naturally come from making firearms more accessible to the population ? 
  i do n't think that it is . 
  sure . 
  but if they do n't have access to guns while their problems are being sorted , even better . 
  i 'd rather not go down the `` in order to prevent gun murders , we have to arm everybody '' route . 
  that just seems to cause more problems , and more guns murders . 
  the irony being that the us would be one of the hardest-to-invade countries anyway , even without that . 
  what with the two massive oceans for protection , huge land area to try and cover , plus the world 's most powerful military protecting the place . 
  i can imagine . 
  the family weapons business especially . 
  i think we got around that by just having our ww2 weapons be so shit they fell apart of their own accord after a few years . 
  people without guns can kill fewer people if they snap . 
  wow , what 's up with france ? 
  i knew they had more guns than us , but not over 4 times as many per hundred people . 
  i saw independence day , so i know what that is . 
  100 % failure rate so far , from what i heard . 
   only one building had a serious fire yeah , but `` the uk is a land where one building caught fire one time '' does n't sound as dramatic . 
  pretty sure the medical establishment were confidently predicting the imminent collapse of the nhs before it was even introduced . 
  they had to be dragged into it kicking and screaming . 
  ... username and flair do not match up . 
  can not compute . 
  he must have put the goalposts on wheels by now for convenience . 
  they 're moving about all over the place . 
  we might be out by then , so our right to waste time on youtube might not be affected . 
  hey , you 're that ninja ... 
  it would be quite the showdown . 
  be interesting to see which side the consumers come down on , too . 
  blocking everything google owns from the entire eea ? 
  so effectively blocking google 's search , maps , drive and email services plus android support and youtube from over 30 countries ? 
  that 's one hell of a threat . 
  not sure they have the balls to actually stick to it , though . 
  colonel , what 's a russian gunship doing here ? 
  i would n't give them ideas . 
  they genuinely might do it . 
  we left 0 behind a few months ago . 
  we 're exploring the realms of minus numbers now .
