  the shift away from reliance on oil might ease tensions over there a bit . 
  it 's a religious dispute as well , though , so ca n't see it going away entirely unless one of the countries totally ceases to be a threat . 
  not agreeing with the policy of freedom of movement across the european union is not `` morally abhorrent '' . 
  it 's just a difference in opinion . 
  labour 's problem is that they 've got two voting blocs , the metropolitan liberals and traditional working class . 
  they need both to win an election , especially now they 've lost scotland . 
  but any attempt to win over one of the groups will be anathema to the other . 
  that just means they do n't have a plan yet , and have no idea what they 're doing . 
  they know we need one , they 're just clueless as to what it should be . 
  yes , and do you think they 'd be any better at handling it if iran and saudi arabia start setting the entire middle east on fire , sending far , far more refugees our way ? 
  i 'm not sure anyone on the british side has ever said we do n't need a plan . 
  let 's hope that never happens . 
  it would make the current refugee crisis and syrian war look like a warm-up . 
  are n't the germans cosying up to the saudis as well ? 
  it 's not even just us doing it . 
  we 'll get the shit for it , though . 
  oh yeah , forgot about that . 
  ira 's a pretty toxic association , he 'd be fucked too . 
  mcdonnell seems a * slightly * better operator than corbyn . 
  but probably not enough to make any difference at all , especially if he keeps pulling stuff like that little red book fuckup . 
  you sound like a blairite , sir . 
  winning elections means compromises and hard decisions . 
  labour 's not going for that stuff any more . 
  sanders monopolised the youth vote in a way that corbyn has n't managed , partially because we have the greens and lib dems both gunning for that group as well . 
  not to mention sanders was economically inept but broadly harmless . 
  corbyn brings a lot more baggage with him . 
  sanders monopolised the youth vote in a way that corbyn has n't managed , partially because we have the greens and lib dems both gunning for that group as well . 
  not to mention sanders was economically inept but broadly harmless . 
  corbyn brings a lot more baggage with him . 
  corbyn wo n't be so easily ditched , though . 
  he 's already said his leadership is n't about winning elections , and his membership already seem to have bought into that . 
  so even an absolutely ruinous election defeat might not get rid of him . 
  diane abbot was the only name i could come up with . 
  she 's actually stood for the leadership before too . 
  i heard a bit about those arguments , although i did hear it from a family friend who did n't think much of the whole thing . 
  consequently i got the impression that most of the population really are n't that bothered , and a very vocal group on both sides are making all the noise . 
  yes , and we technically never invaded canada , australia or new zealand either , because they were n't countries when we arrived . 
  still , we get around , even fighting in that many countries is impressive . 
  they should count our tourists too , they must have fought in every country on earth ... 
  i did say in another comment to blame cameron , but the last i saw it was on -10 ... 
  i 'm not sure what the guys here want her to do . 
  they want her to trigger a50 literally immediately , otherwise it 's `` why have n't you left yet '' , `` feet dragging '' etc. 
  but they also want her to have a plan of what she wants so negotiations are n't a complete waste of time . 
  it 's a no-win situation , really . 
  i bet that one tweet trump sent is the only time he even remembered that farage existed that week . 
  hopefully the guy thinks he has something going with trump and fucks off to the states . 
  that leaves the rest of us to try and salvage something without him popping up every 45 seconds crying `` betrayal '' when it turns out we are n't going to try and restart the ww1 germany blockade or whatever it is he wants . 
  i 'm not asking anyone to fix our mess . 
  may will trigger article 50 when she thinks we 're ready . 
  and i 'm sure there will be endless complaining until then . 
  but triggering it before we 're ready would n't help anybody . 
  incidentally , nigel farage is not , and has never been , part of or representative of the british government . 
  he 's merely a prick who just wo n't fuck off . 
  bit of an oversight , really . 
  wonder when we invaded brazil . 
  bloody mongolians , though . 
  we 'll get them at some point . 
   what the politicians who supported the brexit really did have in their minds they all had their own individual visions and plans , but because the leave campaign was n't one coherent group , those plans are often mutually contradictory . 
  and as for the `` anyone can make plans '' bit , i 'm sure they all had visions for what they wanted . 
  and if cameron had allowed there to be an official leave plan , with civil service resources drawing it up properly , we would at least have a contingency to go to and start with . 
  as it is , there are about 4 visions of brexit colliding , each as officially legitimate as each other . 
  it 's a complete mess . 
  he did n't allow any of the civil service departments to even think about making any contingency plans for the event of a leave win . 
  there was no need at all for him to do it , and it 's at least partially why may 's government has to start from scratch now . 
  never takes long for that map to show up . 
  we all have it on standby ready to deploy if necessary . 
  they 've been doing that for years , though . 
  i 'd have thought everyone would just ignore them by now . 
  most of us do . 
  whether it `` should be decided that way '' or not , it 's the situation we 're in . 
  i did n't want it , but i would rather we took that hit than the precedent being set that the government can ignore the people 's wishes because they think they know what 's best for them . 
  you 're treating `` leaving the political structure of the european union '' like it 's going to unleash the biblical apocalypse on the country , and we 'll end up like somalia . 
  what 's more likely is that everything will just end up a bit worse than they were before . 
  you forgot to mention the slovakian , american , nepalese , cambodian , costa rican , paraguian , new zealand , panamanian , laotian , thai , north korean , icelandic , samoan , czech , chilean , cuban and australian interests we 're also going to accommodate with our deal . 
  we 're a generous country , really . 
  does n't mean it would have been a good idea . 
  considering that both sides of the campaign had spent the preceding year telling everyone that parliament would enact the decision , that 's a complete non-starter . 
  it would destroy what little public faith remains in politics here . 
  imagine if remain had won but the government had gone `` actually , you know what , sod it , you 're wrong , we 're leaving anyway '' . 
  2 or 3 weeks would have been a complete mess , even if cameron had found a spine from somewhere and stuck it out . 
  along with all the well-documented crap on our side , you think the eu could have decided whether the council or parliament was doing the negotiating , then assumed a common position among 27 countries , then assembled a negotiating team , in 3 weeks ? 
  no offence , but it is n't known for rapid-response decision-making . 
  it was never going to happen , it would have been a shitstorm for everyone . 
  i know it is , i 've been stuck in an almost-permanent cringe for months . 
  and whether you are prepared or not , having both sides ready before you start is ideal to actually getting something out of it . 
  which both sides will want . 
  it 's been less than 6 months anyway , it 's not like she 's delayed it for a year and a half . 
  it 's entirely the fault of the * previous * british government , yeah . 
  there 's hardly anyone carried across in the important positions . 
  and i was n't shifting the blame , i was just trying to explain why may is n't immediately charging in . 
  all she seems to have right now is `` red , white and blue '' . 
  neither side wants a 2-year time pressure when stuff like * that * is your starting point . 
  yep . 
  but repeatedly saying `` you should have done this/that beforehand '' does n't actually change the situation . 
  fair enough , i cocked up . 
  she has only been in power 5 months since cameron fled the scene . 
  in that time she 's had to assemble a totally new government and then prepare for the biggest constitutional event since ww2 . 
  it 's not surprising she does n't want to rush it for the sake of it . 
  which throws us directly into an arbitrarily short negotiating period when neither side ( but especially us ) has fully worked out their position . 
  you can tell article 50 was designed to never be used , it 's terrible .
