  he 's going to be voting for us . 
  if france had sent him they 'd win . 
  did you miss the romanian rap-yodellng ? 
  that 's some serious local culture right there . 
  i knew i 'd heard it before ... 
  i thought it was switzerland that did that . 
  never overestimate the voting public of the x factor . 
  well ireland are n't in the final this year , he has nobody else to root for . 
  they 'll get the same amount of points . 
  could be worse . 
  she could be a brummie . 
  she lost in the x factor a few years ago . 
  got knocked out by jedward . 
  you crashing out in the semifinals was actually just a ploy . 
  is it too much to hope that klitschko hits the host sat next to him ? 
  bloody russians . 
  let 's be honest , nobody 's voting for that atrocity anyway . 
  surely we 've got that nailed down ? 
  give it a few years , we 'll be sending the originals once they run out of money . 
  it 's what we did with blue a few years ago . 
  this is the country that produced jason donovan , kylie minogue and men at work . 
  it 's not like they ca n't do it . 
  we 're trying to set up a voting bloc for ourselves . 
  only they have n't given us many points so far , so they do n't seem to get the concept . 
  i assume you mean horse-mask guy . 
  you have to get up there whilst wearing a horse mask , though . 
  did they give him the anaesthetic before this performance ? 
  nope . 
  celine dion entered for switzerland once , we sent olivia newton-john , and ireland 's legendary johnny logan 's from australia . 
  bloody australians . 
  give them an inch and they start doing everyone else 's entries too . 
  yeah , i 'm not really seeing it . 
  not even the best one so far . 
  you say that like it did n't elevate the whole thing . 
  did n't know boris becker played the saxophone . 
  asking him whether he was a eurovision fan or not was an odd choice too . 
  no mate , he hates it , that 's why he 's right up there at the front with a flag on his face . 
  they actually try . 
  you do n't need to , just watch this armenian performance . 
  get the effects without the cost . 
  do n't think anyone told armenia . 
  brutal . 
  her career was dead anyway , but eurovision really made sure . 
  the high notes are making me recoil . 
  remember the swedish hosts last year ? 
  they were brilliant . 
  and seeming more and more so the longer this intro goes on . 
  have we ever gotten involved on the subject of eurozone transfers ? 
  i 'd have thought we 'd keep our noses out , considering we do n't use the euro . 
   if the uk does n't pay its obligation to the uk budget there will need to be an unanimous vote on the budget . 
  if we do n't pay our obligations to our own budget something 's gone remarkably wrong . 
  we could delay the end of the negotiating processes , but it would require all 27 eu states to agree . 
  as you say , getting everyone to agree will be virtually impossible . 
  weirdly , the conservatives are now the only major party * not * promising to maintain the triple lock . 
  it 's that or slapping them . 
  he ca n't help himself . 
   please dont mix `` strong '' with stable i physically ca n't stop myself reading that statement in theresa may 's voice . 
  `` strong and stable '' . 
  the greeks get it pretty badly too , especially whenever anything involving money comes up . 
   it 's easy to be popular when your job is to sit round in a castle and visit other countries . 
  true . 
  look at the queen 's approval ratings . 
   not sure about the situation of denmark the danish have no obligation to join the euro either , they got an opt-out for it at the same time as we did . 
  although they are in the erm-2 ( i think ) , so their currency is linked to the euro anyway . 
  you say that but if juncker keeps going the way he 's going , by 2019 the british populace might be willing to accept no deal purely out of spite . 
  blaming the eu the whole time of course . 
   but then eu should fire the uk staff in eu does that mean we get our trade negotiators back ? 
  because we really need some ... 
   we 're the bad guys in movies . 
  you 're really going to go up against the uk with that complaint ? 
  if you believed the films , we 're just an entire nation of evil supervillains . 
  i doubt it . 
  even if we choose to try and come back ( which is n't a sure thing ) , no way the french are letting us in again . 
  especially considering we basically went and proved all of their original suspicions correct . 
  ... football already is our national sport . 
  we just are n't that bothered about that gridiron thing you guys do ( although they hold matches for that at wembley now so who knows ) . 
  i guess it means we 're going to be reclassified as part of north america or something . 
  the us is not going to be irrelevant for a long while yet . 
  3rd largest in population , at the absolute lowest 3rd largest gdp , by far the most powerful military , overwhelming cultural dominance , control of the world 's major currency , native speakers of the world 's most useful language ... 
   europe is just short for european union . 
  it really is n't . 
  they definitely make all the noises to give the impression that they are . 
  less so actually doing anything about it , though . 
  last time i checked , you did n't shrug it off . 
  so i do n't see why we should . 
  or are the rules different when juncker does it ? 
   the reaction to the leak in the uk was over the top . 
  it 's only a big deal if you think it was intended to interfere in your elections . 
  i do n't know , one of the most prominent figures in the eu publically calling a national leader a deluded fantasist would probably be pretty big news with or without an election . 
  francois `` 5 % approval '' hollande actually wants another elected job ? 
  he 's brave . 
  how soon can he leave ? 
  i ca n't imagine his replacement will be any worse , no matter who it is . 
  plus the americans . 
  and the irish . 
  and the spanish . 
  we do n't really have much of a line in luxembourg-related humour , though . 
  better rebuild those lines of torres vedra , then . 
  we 're coming in . 
  yeah , but you guys , like , did n't elect hillary clinton that one time ( in a very close-run thing ) .
