  towards using the euro ? 
  incredibly unlikely . 
  it 's not like we hear any positive stories about it here , ever . 
  well , maybe not any more . 
  not sure you guys would want us dragging your currency down . 
  if anyone tried to phase out the 1 and 2p coins here , i hate to think what would happen , even though literally nobody uses them . 
  the daily express might actually explode ( not a huge loss ) . 
  i am loving the designs of those coins . 
  would n't it be easier if all of europe 's leaders/finance ministers/foreign ministers just got together and signed a joint statement saying `` there is no single market membership without following eu rules , including free movement '' ? 
  would save everyone the bother of having someone different saying it every week or so for the next two years at least . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  trying to read the guardian since 24th june has been like watching someone have a nervous breakdown . 
  it 's like they genuinely do n't know how to handle it , they 're in all the stages of grief at once . 
  wow , what 's the story behind those ? 
  make troy great again !, 
  so the plan is to just muddle things along , try to keep things stable , and hope this whole thing just blows over ? 
  you physically could n't run the usa like new zealand , though . 
  nz has just under 5 million people on a couple of relatively small islands . 
  the usa has 320 million covering a large proportion of a whole continent . 
  yeah , having actually looked up the story after writing the comment , it all seems fairly innocuous . 
  maybe i 'm just too used to the uk system , where `` lose election '' or `` retire in disgrace '' are really the only two options for a pm to step down . 
  even new zealand governments are falling apart ? 
  soon it will literally just be canada left . 
  so how far do you think the germans/dutch/other rich euro countries would go to keep italy viable as a euro country ? 
  by the sounds of it , if it does n't work out we 're all in trouble , eurozone or not . 
  is there a mechanism to remove countries from the euro ? 
  i know article 50 was written in without it ever being assumed someone would actually try to use it , does the eurozone have a similar thing ? 
  he probably did n't anticipate almost the entire western world ( bar canada and australia ) going mad between the announcement and the referendum day . 
  i 'm sure the italians here will correct me , but from what i 've heard , italians do n't really trust their government much at all ( maybe years of berlusconi do that to you ) . 
  i guess they trust the eu more . 
  he was trying to prevent this exact situation . 
  he knew that he ( and george osborne ) were unpopular enough that the `` vote to kick them out '' urge might be strong enough to swing the result . 
  especially as that urge would be especially prominent in hopeful remain strongholds like london and scotland . 
  problem was , nobody believed he 'd have the balls to actually stick around for the consequences of his fuckup . 
  and they were right . 
  very familiar with that scenario . 
  that 's partially why we refused to refer to the republic of ireland as that name for decades , from what i remember . 
  it gave them an implicit claim over northern ireland or something . 
  you 've just described pretty much all of european history in one sentence . 
  ( including us , look how long we kept calling ireland ` eire ' , despite them repeatedly asking us not to , just to irritate them ) . 
  interesting to hear . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  genuine question , why are greece so opposed to the idea of macedonia joining ? 
  i 'm not that great at balkan politics . 
  that 's the spirit that really brings europeans together . 
  to be fair , i genuinely would n't be surprised if american news channels ran a lot of anti-depressant medicine ads . 
  it would explain a lot . 
  i think we 're just miserable and like to complain . 
  to be fair , anglo-american news outlets are just as depressed when they 're talking about our own politics , too . 
  there are a lot of things these days that are similar to the 1930s ... 
  if the german elections are anything other than dull and routine , that 's when people start panicking . 
  that would leave labour totally fucked then , would n't it ? 
  even if the whole ` ukip takes over the north ' thing does n't happen ; they are n't getting scotland back ( probably ever ) and even wales is looking pretty shaky for them . 
  take london away as well and they 're pretty much left with just liverpool and similar places to rely on . 
   i doubt any uk national is dumb enough to do that . 
  they were impacted and bombed by the nazis and have seen and experienced the destruction and horrors of the war . 
  ever been to an england-germany football match ? 
   something at the airport on the way in that says `` do n't be a cunt and make nazi salutes or you might get the shit kicked out of you '' . 
  sounds like the official guidance the foreign office put out for england football fans before/during the 2006 world cup . 
  did n't really work , though , it 's not possible to stop england fans from singing such , erm , ` classics ' as `` two world wars and one world cup '' and `` 10 german bombers '' . 
  yeah , in the `` mausoleum of mao zedong '' in tiananmen square , you can queue up to look at his enbalmed body . 
  nice family day out . 
  i 'm normally against the taking down of historical statues , but i make an exception for 100-foot granite replicas of mao 's head . 
  i would say that 's like wearing a mao suit in beijing or something , but then i remembered they still have 100-foot monuments up of the guy . 
  is n't it a pretty regular occurrence in various german cities for tourists ( usually british and american ) to get arrested for making nazi salutes for pictures and so on ? 
  i remember reading about one guy who thought it was a good idea to do the nazi salute * in front of the reichstag building * . 
  some people really do n't help themselves . 
  nothing europe does better than nostalgia for past glories . 
  `` we used to be better at this '' may as well be the continental catchphrase . 
  well as we know from seemingly every film/tv/play ever made , the ancient romans were all classically trained brits anyway . 
  or russell crowe . 
  so yeah , bring it on . 
   most of the uk traveller community are n't roma , and that the roma are n't the ones who cause problems . 
  true , from what i can tell they tend to get lumped in with irish travellers under `` gypsies '' . 
  if this question had been phrased under that word , i imagine the number would be far lower . 
  you 're probably right . 
  you get the whole `` bloody gypsies nicking my stuff '' thing , but there just are n't that many of them . 
  those roma numbers are higher than i thought they 'd be , at least for the uk . 
  roma do n't exactly get a lot of positive press here . 
  as opposed to normal , when r/europe is perfectly happy to reserve judgement on american decisions . 
  the ira were a single coordinated group that had functioning political representation to negotiate with and were after a perfectly clear goal that everybody was aware of . 
  `` islamist terror '' is an incredibly vague concept by comparison . 
  there are no clear aims and no real strategy except `` just blow stuff up '' . 
  it 's just ` ukraine ' and has been since at least 1993 . 
  yeah , can relate to that . 
  the weird one for me is when i catch myself inadvertantly saying/thinking ` the ukraine ' , even though i was n't even born when it was last called that . 
  no , that would require self-awareness . 
  de gaulle seemed to have that effect on people . 
  roosevelt liked him even less . 
  yeah , blair really did n't think that one through . 
  he seemed to make a habit of that . 
  but provinces , cities and states are n't sovereign bodies , unlike nation-states . 
  they do n't have any ` sovereignty ' to lose in the first place . 
   what i ca n't understand is the way you choose to do it that 's just incompetence . 
  the most difficult challenge facing britain in decades has been foisted on possibly the weakest generation of political figures in living memory . 
  please do n't give our lot ideas . 
  [ relevant chart ] ( http://static5.uk.businessinsider.com/image/5718974add0895fc4d8b493b-960/european-identity.png ) . 
  the only country where ` european first ' gets over 20 % is luxembourg . 
   48 % of people here favour leaving the european union entirely was that before or after we made our decision ? 
  maybe the mayans were right about the whole `` 2012 is the end of the world '' thing .
