  well considering the number of times the whole `` germans are nazis '' thing has been flung at merkel , who so far as i can tell has n't killed anybody , i 'm guessing that the criteria are incredibly loose . 
  it 's hardly relevant to my commenting that this guy says this kind of thing all the time . 
  i did n't say anything about the validity of what he says ( as you point out , he is n't exactly wrong ) . 
  not sure how that 's relevant to what i said , or what i 'm supposed to do with that information , but interesting to hear regardless . 
  this guy 's been hammering at the `` british are monsters '' angle for years . 
  if i remember right , he wrote an entire book on why we should return the kohinoor diamond a couple of years ago . 
  i can only assume he has a new one coming out soon . 
  do n't be ridiculous , mi5 are the domestic ones . 
  mi6 would have done that . 
  because literally everything has to have something to do with brexit . 
  just wondering if they inherit everything or just the nice bits . 
  they are n't , it 's just plaid cymru . 
  they 're trying to do an snp-style takeover , but the welsh people themselves just are n't that interested in them . 
  turns out you arguably need to do more than just give yourself a welsh party name and reheat some snp talking points . 
  does that mean they inherit the trillion-pound debt too ? 
  fish ? 
  that seems a bit random . 
  does he need to bother ? 
  it 's not like he 's going anywhere anytime soon as it is . 
  probably why the next one wo n't be held in 2018 , then . 
  you never know , but may will probably tell the snp that they 'll have to wait until brexit is done with . 
  so 2020 or so . 
  i do n't know , whenever there are any new announcements or surveys that say good things for scottish independence they 're usually right up there on the front page . 
  plus whenever boris/davis/fox says anything stupid ( so pretty often ) . 
   ( like most everything else i 'll blame the english for this and a few hundred years of systematically stealing irish land ) . 
  to be fair , we think about it pretty much exactly the same way . 
  having a garden , or at least just having your own space alongside the house , is psychologically very important to us . 
  causes no shortage of problems though . 
  especially when , as you say , we decided we 'd just take * your * space instead . 
  in 2016 the usa provided 22 % of all un funding on their own . 
  about as much as china , russia , germany and france put together . 
  i 'd say they pay their bills pretty well . 
  you never know , she might keep scottish citizenship . 
  she stays in balmoral often enough . 
  considering the queen is already the head of state for 15 non-eu countries without incident , i doubt one more would be a problem . 
  what difference would the british monarchy make ? 
  to be fair , it not making any sense has never stopped us getting involved with things before . 
  pretty much . 
  there 's a reason he has n't been able to hold down a consistent slot for years now . 
  he * was * a key leader . 
  unfortunately for him ( and fortunately for the rest of us ) , his conduct immediately after the result just demonstrated him to be even more treacherous than the conservatives could tolerate . 
  he * might * get another shot at power , but it 's unlikely while may 's there . 
  she ca n't stand him . 
  true enough . 
  unfortunately , being helpful in europe is n't really our style . 
  gove has no role in government whatsoever , and nobody 's letting him near anything important ever again . 
  may actively backed russian sanctions with donald trump looking right at her , immediately after he said he did n't mind relaxing them . 
  we 're hardly russian collaborators . 
  i 'm also not really sure what russia has to do with all the threats you said we 'd made that we had n't . 
  it 's hardly spin , he directly said  all of this thing have been threatened by mainland uk since the brexit vote which just is n't true . 
  plus calling us a `` rogue country '' . 
  that was the bit i was disputing , not the legitimacy of the economic practices of gibraltar . 
  i do n't know enough about that to comment . 
   screaming at them `` hey , you fucking stupid imbecile , why do n't you understand that the eu is so great ? '', 
  is pathethic and it 's not gon na get us anywhere . 
  i do n't know , it worked really well in the uk . 
  it 's why the remain campaign won by such a landslide . 
  he also thought we 'd just be a trojan horse for the americans . 
  guy might have been a bit of a cock , but he knew what he was talking about in this situation . 
  i mean , it is 650 , but sinn fein never turn up so it 's effectively 646 . 
  we threatened to harass spanish fishermen ? 
  and how would we threaten europe by hosting nuclear bases ? 
  still , between that and the ` rogue country ' stuff , you 're making us sound like a nation of supervillains . 
  that tends to be frankie boyle 's style , really . 
  probably because literally nobody remembers the existence of the channel islands unless they 're actually from there . 
  it does n't teach much about our colonial history * anywhere * , to be honest . 
  too difficult a subject . 
  much easier to do the sodding tudors for years on end . 
  describing spain and australia ( the two biggest destinations for `` expats '' ) as `` 3rd world '' is perhaps a touch inaccurate . 
  believe me , we would . 
  you ca n't stop the express . 
  yes , i am . 
  god only knows how some people play that straight . 
  wow . 
  was it a military dictator that had taken over or something ? 
  brits are n't immigrants , they 're expats . 
  totally different ... 
   either she is a total amateur or she planned the pr stunt from the start . 
  probably the second one . 
  her voters will love this . 
  i know , which is why that does n't say much . 
   does this mean france is full of bastards ? 
  that 's not a question that ever needs to be asked . 
  could be worse . 
  at least you guys have more than one functioning major political party . 
  that says more about the people making that judgement than about the cultures themselves . 
  for the next few years , i would imagine it will show up * a lot * . 
  it 'll tail off a bit a while after we leave , though . 
  it seems they prefer the idea to being part of spain , although that does n't say much . 
  ... interesting plan . 
  i see that guy showing up on here , r/ukpolitics and r/unitedkingdom , and i very rarely see him doing anything except insulting the british and the uk in general . 
  it 's a bit rich for him to be complaining about hating other countries . 
  or , as i said , pretty much anything we do . 
  no reason brexit should be any different . 
   i would not be surprised if the actual results are determined by managing the problems as they appear , not by following a plan . 
  in fairness , that 's pretty much the only way the uk has ever done anything . 
  long-term planning is not really our thing . 
  our centuries-long plan is finally coming together !, 
  nah , just pmqs and other high-profile things . 
  the vast majority of parliamentary time is pretty dead , atmosphere-wise .
