  definitely trying to improve , you guys . 
  plus mandelson and kinnock . 
  i did n't say they were a puppet master . 
  you said it yourself `` germany 's input is taken with great weight and consideration '' . 
  for that reason , it 's highly unlikely that someone who goes against the german position would get this particular job . 
  well it 's that or have two dictators on the other side , one which is currently holding back a lot of migrants/refugees from coming to europe . 
  it would be . 
  since the germans would be the big power behind this , you think someone not aligned with their views would get the job ? 
  we were * never * going to be in a european federation . 
  look how freaked out we got over anything that even looked like heading that way . 
  well gibraltar wo n't be in the eu by the time this comes around , so they wo n't care . 
  ireland and luxembourg , though ... 
  and the euro was a french idea . 
  the germans are just that good . 
  true . 
  they 're in eurovision and everything !, 
  * sits there in his country where petrol costs # 1.16 per litre * ... damnit . 
  in fairness , the statement `` we have a massive trade deficit with germany '' could be accurate . 
  a lot of countries do . 
  the problem comes when he starts talking about individual trade deals or whatever with germany alone . 
  john mcdonnell , i think . 
  hey , our anti-terrorist response involves the pm `` chairing a meeting of cobra '' . 
  as fantasy villain organisation names go , that 's a pretty good one . 
  never seen it . 
  is that the one with samuel l. jackson as a drug dealer or something ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't mind the guy particularly , but the level of adulation he 's received seems to vastly outstrip what he 's actually done so far . 
  it 's giving me 2008-obama flashbacks . 
  not forgetting the word ` pissed ' on its own , which means something different depending on if you 're british or american . 
  well at the moment he can just say it 's because of `` western sanctions unjustly imposed on russia by american imperialism '' or something . 
  deflects the blame nicely . 
   '' ~ ~ secure ~ ~ * strong and stable * under the watchful eyes '' ftfy . 
  i had to explain to a chinese person once why describing something as `` bollocks '' is bad but `` the bollocks '' is good . 
  english really does n't make much sense with these things . 
  so anytime any country invades or bombs another one every single one of its citizens is no longer a citizen of planet earth ? 
  seems a bit harsh . 
  no we wo n't . 
  i 've got some bad news for you , we 're still here for another two years . 
  and we seemingly intend to be just as difficult as we have always been . 
  implying he cares about anything the eu does . 
  especially internal climate regulations . 
  i think it 's a breach of international law if the person involved does n't have any other citizenship . 
  deliberately and knowingly making someone stateless is n't allowed , so unless we recognise isis as a state that they 're citizens of ... 
  the man works fast . 
  he 's rescued the european project , made both trump and putin back down , and become the leader of the free world in two weeks . 
  he has n't even got a parliament behind him yet !, 
  imagine what he 'll be doing by next year . 
  bringing democracy to china or something , probably . 
  well it still kind of exists in our heads . 
  does that count ? 
  we 'll have left the solar system by then . 
  ultimate brexit . 
  you definitely do at the moment ( us scrapping all of our aircraft carrier capability makes sure of it ) , but that answer also says the royal navy is weaker than the * indians * . 
  in fairness , the idea of america invading europe is so nonsensical anyway god only knows what the context would be . 
  i suppose the issue with integrating different nations armies together is that not everyone has the same priorities for their armed forces . 
  the concern might be that operations like ours in the falklands or france 's in mali might not be possible if we have to get confirmation from 27 other countries first . 
  i personally ca n't really see us siding with the eu against the usa . 
   where would 3,500 aircraft operate from ? 
  egypt ? 
  aircraft carriers ? 
  the uk , probably . 
  there 's a precedent for them using our airbases for military strikes . 
  nope , but now you guys can go ahead and form one without us blocking and slowing you down . 
  after we leave , obviously , since we seem pretty set on being petty bitches up until that point . 
   ease up on the curry treasonous suggestion . 
  that 's fair . 
  you did have your reasons . 
  if we had n't been fighting napoleon , and had been able to focus on you 100 % from the start , would you still have invaded ? 
  i doubt it . 
  the us invaded british north america ( as it was called then ) , on the grounds we 'd be tied up with napoleon and unable to properly retaliate . 
  once napoleon abdicated the first time round , we sent some veteran armies over there , drove them out and burned washington down . 
  after that the whole thing kind of stalemated , we tried invading louisiana and failed horribly , so both sides just signed a peace that kept everything as it was . 
  the canadians remember it as the start of a distinctly canadian identity , the americans seem to view it as war of independence 2 , and we have no idea it even happened . 
  where do you think the americans got it from ? 
  the fact that all our stuff is in the global language helps too . 
  culturally , we do n't even need to legislate to do it . 
  we just let the sheer scale of american media output wear everyone else down and then piggyback on it . 
  it 's like the scoring on * strictly come dancing * . 
  the only way you get lower than 7 is to fuck up so badly you amputate your own leg . 
  fair enough , got the wrong end of the stick on that one . 
  i 'm hardly generalising , you literally just said `` remember that the uk threatened the eu that they 'll stop sharing intelligence as a form of brexit negotiation leverage . 
  again , that 's when terrorists win . '', 
  that sounds an awful lot like calling us terrorists . 
  or , you know , if he does n't want to do them at all they 'd be fine with that too . 
  no pressure , no rush , do n't feel obliged ... 
  so we 're terrorists now ? 
  charming . 
  probably because you can identify someone 's gender from a distance . 
  it 's a bit difficult to identify someone 's religion and life background from some very dark security footage of them running around in a balaclava . 
  if she somehow winds up with 7 seats short of an overall majority from the position she started the election in , she will have much bigger problems than the dup or ecj to deal with . 
  we do have a constitution , it 's just spread out over several hundred years worth of parliamentary acts and court decisions . 
  ` uncodified ' , i think the word is . 
  we actually are n't leaving the ecj , may backed down on that one . 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw you commenting in the thread about it . 
  that 's what david cameron thought . 
  twice . 
  look where it got him . 
  if you 're prepared to fight a war against the country you 're splitting from , yes . 
  i doubt the catalans are . 
  he 's nowhere near the level of nigel farage , though .
