  looking forward to eurovision this year . 
  we and the russians will be competing to be the least popular people in the room . 
  benefit of being the worlds ' superpower and the entire planet 's financial system being based on them , i guess . 
  the snp were pushing that line already before the brexit vote . 
  the leave win just accelerated their timetable . 
  i do n't blame them , the unifying issue of their party is scottish independence . 
   referendums to secede from a country ... should be done more than once over the course of several months ... maybe years i believe the snp are already trying for that approach . 
  unless they win one , obviously . 
  then that will suddenly have always been the final , deciding one . 
   the article is clutching at straws to blame austerity welcome to the guardian . 
  it 's very much the house style . 
  it 's a. . . brave decision for him to make , considering if he tries to take le pen on directly on one of her core issues , she 'll probably crush him . 
  repeated terror attacks on european cities do n't do a great deal for his line of argument . 
  wow , that 's a big statement . 
  did they ever try following up on it ? 
  we make a habit of hugely disappointing continental europe . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
   it is impressive to see how some member states present themselves outwardly as proponents of [ international tax reforms ] and at the same time to watch how they actually behave in eu discussions bet we 're one of those . 
  any anti-tax-haven regulations might hit our overseas territories . 
  you 'd hope so , but some of that would have to come with a reduction in london 's power relative to everywhere else . 
  otherwise everyone 's going to keep going to the south east like they do now , despite the hopelessly inflated property prices and population density . 
  i saw that . 
  we 're projected to be overtaking france 's population by 2030 and germany 's in the late 2040s . 
  hate to imagine the population density that 's going to entail in southern england . 
  we 're less than 70 % the size of germany . 
  definitely the case in the uk and usa . 
  from what i can tell , it 's kind of true in australia too . 
  no idea about ireland or new zealand . 
  my bet 's on denmark . 
  they got quite a few optouts at the same time as we did . 
  of course they wo n't , all they 've seen so far is a prime minister run for the hills , someone else end up in the job , and then just repeatedly say things like `` brexit means brexit '' and `` red , white and blue '' . 
  hardly a convincing sales pitch . 
  they did all have plans . 
  the plans were just all different , often mutually contradictory , and had no official backing whatsoever . 
  other than that , they were flawless . 
  edit : did n't realise i had to explicitly identify jokes made at the expense of brexiters . 
  do n't worry , it will be us soon . 
  you 're a charming one . 
  ugh , that 's embarrassing . 
  a brit not recognising sarcasm . 
  i am a disgrace to my nation . 
  oh , i see what you mean now . 
  you 're right , we do seem more north american than continental europe does . 
  de gaulle did n't let us in twice partially because we were too us-oriented , and we might serve as a trojan horse for us interests . 
  it is partially the language , although the north american countries both being founded primarily by the uk probably helps too . 
  you guys might have inherited the start of it from us , the usa just amped it up ( as is their tradition ) . 
  it 's like * dancing with the stars * . 
  the uk has existed for over 300 years , and was in a personal union for 100 years before that . 
  the eu has been around for , at most , 60 . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
   with their borders drawn on maps by the colonial powers * slightly guilty side-eye *, 
  such a dynamic and straightforward organisation . 
  i did n't hear much about poles . 
  romanians and bulgarians got the brunt of it . 
  depends if we 've triggered a50 by then . 
  i 'm not sure we 'll do much voting on anything eu-related after that . 
  yeah , i was n't sure what to do with ` fuck ' , since it comes from german . 
  we know that we 're europeans , you 'd need to deny geography otherwise . 
  a majority just did n't want to be part of the political construct of the european union any more . 
  see , * that * should be the eu motto . 
  put it in latin or something . 
  the last time there was a war between the constituent countries of the uk was during the reign of elizabeth i ( unless you count the jacobite risings , which was over 250 years ago ) . 
  europe was in an apocalyptic war just over 70 years ago . 
  thing is , they 've gone far enough with the integration that it probably is more feasible to go all-out with it than try to disentangle it all again . 
  i did n't mean they 'd try to kill each other again , i meant that the history would make it very difficult for any cohesive identity to actually take hold . 
  and the us had one war , yeah , a a pretty bad one . 
  but not really comparable to the centuries of infighting that europe have managed . 
  arguably worse than no national identity : just under 50 different national identities , most of whom have long histories of trying to kill each other . 
  i think nigel farage has nightmares of this map . 
  something a lot of people here seem to be forgetting . 
  even the `` next year '' bit may be overoptimistic . 
  i 'm uncertain whether to go to the new years eve event in central london now . 
  i know our security services are pretty good , but even they ca n't stop a random guy in a lorry . 
  are the sd the ones who everyone else refuses to even consider working with ? 
  maybe he 's seen the express headlines where they rage about refugees being given million-pound houses . 
  be incredibly ironic if the express and mail 's factually-dubious ranting against refugees just ends up motivating more of them to make the trip . 
  slow day in the irish parliament , then ? 
  nah , i 'd forgotten about that one . 
  i did specifically mention that incident in the next sentence . 
  the other bad one would be openly saying `` i 'm a marxist '' on film whilst celebrating the financial crash in 2008 . 
  pretty easy for her to do that , all she had to do was move her timetable up , make some speeches about how bad the result was , and fly around europe a bit . 
  it 's easy to look ready when there is n't much for you to do . 
  they said that would be happening in february sometime . 
  so do n't hold your breath . 
  to be fair , even everywhere else in the country it did n't seem like much of a possibility either until the results started coming in . 
  everyone just assumed the quiet majority would swing it for the status quo . 
  well scotland is technically represented by the uk government as much as england or wales is . 
  true . 
  we do n't have anything quite as mental as fox news , though . 
  the daily mail gets close , but it 's not continous enough . 
   anyone normal  fox right . 
  you 're preaching to the converted . 
  although the eu countries you 're probably referring to , like spain , did make clear they would n't block scotland 's entry if it was a mutually recognised split . 
  oh , i see what you mean now . 
  oops . 
  it 's not really a power play . 
  it will just be some suggestions that she knows full well wo n't be accepted . 
  odds on they 'll include somehow keeping scotland as a region within the eu , but also in the uk , because that 's not a fanciful idea at all . 
  it 's just so she can say she tried before pushing for a second referendum , making it westminster 's fault for forcing her into it . 
  if you say so .
