  not true , wales is democratic too . 
  not scotland , though , they 're a one-party state . 
  it 's probably why he got given the foreign secretary gig . 
  we can package him off to make nice speeches about our cultural connections with oman , whilst literally anyone else does the europe stuff . 
  i sincerely hope our negotiation strategy involves keeping boris johnson as far away from the important meetings as possible . 
  we can send him to america or something , he goes down well over there . 
   fredo , you 're my brother and i love you . 
  but do n't ever take sides with anybody against the family again . 
  -- michael corleone , the godfather part ii, 
   objective british source you might struggle to find one of those . 
  if you 're interested , the text for this particular one is in the comments [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/5skio0/warsaw_will_make_pact_against_eu_states_that_seek/ddfr4ds/ ) . 
  that 's fair . 
  the suez crisis kind of made that clear . 
  did n't see us doing much unilateral world policing after that . 
  did n't have the empire during the cold war , so kind of irrelevant . 
  that 's just standard myopia . 
  every nation does that , albeit us worse than most . 
  you chucked a random xenophobic rant insulting me and my country after no provocation whatsoever . 
  that tends to fire someone up . 
  and i 'm still here because this sub is for me just as much as it is for you . 
  i 've had some nice chats and jokes with people of many nationalities here . 
  and besides , i find your impotent fury oddly fascinating . 
  how someone can be so angry for so long for so little reason ... 
  * i * have n't done any shitting , whereas you 've been flinging shit around so violently you 've practically got the stuff halfway up the walls by now . 
  regardless , i like the backtalk to be at least relevant to the initial comment . 
  you 're letting the side down . 
   i would n't want my elections to turn into a charade of `` he said , she said '' it 's at times like these i remember just how differently you guys run things . 
  whenever any of our leaders accidentally say something during a campaign that * is n't * some variant of that , it 's headline news for days . 
  oh , i thought you 'd calmed down and were making a joke , my mistake . 
  have you actually been to r/unitedkingdom ? 
  complaining and whinging about the uk 's identity is the main pastime over there . 
  incidentally , this sub is for the continent of europe , which applies to england just as much as to any other country . 
  there is no rule that nobody is allowed to say anything slightly disapproving about the eu ever ( ironically , seemingly unlike r/unitedkingdom , which is obsessively pro-eu ) . 
  that 's a good point . 
  jeremy paxman ( the harsh guy from newsnight ) wrote an entire book ( with accompanying tv series ) about that exact thing a few years ago . 
  it was very interesting . 
  you might get lost in the crowd . 
  there 's quite the queue for that kind of thing over there . 
  there 's still canada . 
  they have their shit together . 
  we do n't do hugs . 
  you threw a 300-word diatribe at me as a response to a mild sarcastic comment . 
  you 're hardly one to criticise for histrionics . 
  i said one sentence , half of which was very mildly questioning the efficiency of the eu institutions . 
  i apologise for my incendiary blasphemy . 
  victim blaming ? 
  i do n't even see where i said there was a victim , let alone blame them for something . 
  i mean , all i was saying was that the eu does n't function as well as it could do . 
  i did n't say anything about brexit , or the uk being better , or anything at all about the usa or boris johnson . 
  nowhere did i imply that the eu had ` wronged ' us . 
  still , if you needed to get that off your chest then i 'm happy i was able to help . 
  the eu spends most of its time dithering and arguing amongst itself about what it is . 
  meanwhile china is a totalitarian dictatorship . 
  what great beacons of inspiration . 
  i see the empire brought up here more often by other europeans than by brits . 
  projection would make sense . 
   i do n't think he will be a good president , but definitely not as bad as the mainstream media hypes it if there 's any life left on earth at all by the end of his first term , he will have done better than the media is expecting . 
  they 've set the bar very low . 
  if you say so . 
  even if that is what it was for i 'm not sure how that qualifies as using the eu as a scapegoat . 
  was n't the four tests thing just a way of getting out of using the euro , because gordon brown thought it was a terrible idea ? 
  yeah , after the whole napoleon thing finished the russians were our main concern . 
  mostly because our normal route of negotiation ( `` we have a huge fuckoff fleet , now buy our stuff '' ) just did n't work on them at all for obvious reasons . 
  we are very solidly anti-russia generally , the two countries have never really gotten along . 
  may even said during her press conference with trump that the russian sanctions should stay as they are until the minsk agreement is fully implemented . 
  this was with trump looking right at her and immediately after he 'd said he would n't mind loosening the sanctions . 
  true enough . 
  and if there ever is a second scottish referendum , i imagine it will be fought entirely over the european question . 
  yeah , but there was an actual rebellion and war involved then , and then a brutal civil war afterwards . 
  not a great model to choose to follow . 
  that 's what david cameron thought . 
  look where it got us . 
   historical nations holding a referendum to stay within europe ? 
  that was n't what the scottish referendum was about . 
  the idea of the uk leaving the eu was a total pipedream back then . 
  better than ours ? 
  we 've got , um ... [ black pudding ] ( http://www.bbcgoodfood.com/sites/default/files/guide/guide-image/2016/01/black-pudding-lead.jpg ) !, 
  and [ haggis ] ( http://www.gallowayfamilybutchers.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/haggis.jpg ) !, 
  ... you may be right . 
   plus this is all the eu 's fault ( or maybe now it 's russia 's fault since that 's the scapegoat now ) you could blame brexit too , if you like . 
  nobody will argue with you . 
  i 'd say the eu not collapsing is firmly in british interests , considering how linked we are to the rest of you . 
  the eurozone crisis a couple of years ago hit our growth pretty badly , even though we do n't use the euro . 
  if the eu itself collapses , we 'd be just as fucked as you . 
  was n't everyone on this subreddit declaring that direct democracy was the worst invention ever for most of last year ? 
   there is no one on the continent who believes mrs. may is sincere about not wishing the eu to fall apart . 
  well there is n't much may or anybody else can do about that , really . 
  she can only explicitly state multiple times that she wants the eu to be as successful as possible , because nobody benefits from it collapsing . 
  which she has done . 
  if you guys do n't believe her that 's on you . 
  be tricky if the parliamentary bill currently going through gets passed . 
  mercifully for all of our sanities , it specifically mentions triggering article 50 by the end of march . 
  odd question considering we have n't even reached march yet , so nobody is prolonging anything or showing any signs of wanting to . 
  you 're right , though , pretty sure everyone is sick of this already . 
  at least once negotiations start the endless clickbait articles * might * have something concrete to actually talk about . 
   3 ) no more obstructionism in the eu w.r.t. 
  tax evasion 4 ) no more obstructionism in the eu w.r.t. 
  social policies til the uk was literally the only country being difficult on tax evasion or any eu social policy . 
  the other 27 countries , including global tax havens ireland and the netherlands , were all working in perfect harmony for the good of the eu . 
  fortunately , i think the eu commission has better ways of formulating policy than looking at the edgy comments on r/europe for inspiration .
