  loving the complete apathy of the crowd in the background . 
  you just know that they see that kind of thing all the time . 
  they 're populists , just as farage is ( salmond more so ) . 
  unfortunately , the rock is only about 20 miles away from civilisation . 
  and they 're stuck on it with the rest of us . 
  do n't bother with the parachute . 
  `` only fools and horses '' is class . 
  the words are synonymous . 
  depends which countries you 're talking about . 
  if you 're portugal , or spain , you do have to follow those rules or the eu will publicly ponder the idea of punishing you . 
  if you are certain other countries ... not so much . 
  then you can run huge deficits or massive surpluses no problem . 
  we 'll keep calling ourselves that anyway , even if scotland and northern ireland leave . 
  wales is n't going anywhere . 
  well the uk are n't invited to all of the eu 's working dinners any more , if that counts ... 
   for the first time in post-war european history , not all the member states are applying the commonly agreed rules ca n't specifically remember , were the migrant quota rules unanimously agreed or was that the time they had to use majority voting because they could n't get the east to agree ? 
  when senior figures within the eu criticise the eu , the solutions presented to the problems often involve the eu getting more power . 
  [ it 's high noon ... ] ( http://m.imgur.com/gallery/i0128ul ), 
  well that downing street paper that got snapped * did * say the negotiating team was ` very french ' . 
  maybe that 's what they meant . 
  we * could * hold out for italy , but i think the procedure is that we have to start winning first . 
  you scare me . 
  we still said it , it just did n't match very well to the reality . 
  for instance , * `` rule , brittania !, 
  '' * was originally written as an exhortation . 
  as in , `` britain , get better at this naval thing , the dutch are still better than you . '', 
  if saudi arabia falls , the chaos across the middle east and europe now would look hopelessly trivial . 
  the hajj is the largest annual meeting of people in the world . 
  what happens if a hardline wahhabi group takes control and says no other kind of muslim is allowed to go ? 
  watch as states as far across as pakistan and indonesia get involved . 
  a bona fida holy civil war among the world 's second-largest religion . 
  yeah , this sounds like a great plan . 
  putting down our own country is a national pastime . 
  we british have been convinced that our country is going to the dogs for hundreds of years . 
  i 've burnt through that phase . 
  i 'm just limited to an almost-permanent exasperated facepalm now . 
  short of davis actually turning up to negotiations and offering to accept their surrender , not much would surprise me any more . 
  my expectations are that low . 
  it 's entirely up to the people of the north either way . 
  if they choose to join the republic , then i wish them nothing but good luck . 
  til denmark is an eastern european country . 
  which there does n't seem to be any appetite for there . 
  weird , i was assured repeatedly that after the brexit vote scotland and northern ireland would definitely be leaving immediately . 
  even when boris is objectively right about something , you still never know if he 's somehow fucking it up . 
  he was the face of the campaign to leave the eu . 
  without him , remain would have won , almost guaranteed . 
  in most country comparison graphs/charts about this kind of thing , it 's a pretty safe assumption that a nordic country will be number 1 . 
  because i was referring , as a whole , to the country that i 'm from ? 
  totally agree . 
  you guys seem to be doing slightly better . 
  depends how they spin it . 
  if the newspaper headline reads something like * uk economy grows faster than sluggish france * or something ( no offence , but it usually is france they use ) , then even if the person has n't seen direct benefits to themselves , they just assume a french person in their position has it worse . 
  we did have less overall economic success to go around then , though . 
  maybe we can only be good at one of the two at a time ; creating the benefits or distributing them . 
  strangers actually acknowledge you as human beings rather than inconveniences too . 
  must be nice . 
  i think i read somewhere that wales is one of the most deprived eu regions . 
  whereas i imagine se england and london would be among the wealthiest . 
  we 're perfectly happy to take the piss out of our own country , or have danes or dutch ( for example ) doing it . 
  with the germans , irish and french it 's practically expected . 
  i do n't agree with them , but for some uk commenters i guess the sight of romanians and latvians joining in is just too much . 
  i did not have the ppp figures in front of me when i made the comment . 
  you also forgot to mention that our productivity is terrible compared to pretty much all equivalent economies , even the ones stereotyped as `` inefficient '' , like italy and france . 
  do n't really understand the question , but if by that you mean `` how can the population tolerate that ? 
  '' , the answer would probably be that the population at large thinks the austerity has helped create the growth . 
  the government deliberately equating national fiscal policy to household finances helped with that impression . 
  well , if you look at the big overall figure we were ( and , for now , somehow still are ) doing better than a good chunk of europe , save germany and some others . 
  we 're just uniquely awful at making sure everyone gets the benefits of economic success . 
  we always have been . 
  [ insert standard joke about new labour being a right-wing government here ], 
  i have a lot of time for him , but they might be rather overselling sadiq khan in this list . 
  all he 's actually done is win a mayoral campaign and make some big-sounding speeches . 
  outside of london , he has virtually no sway at all . 
  india do an admirable job in their circumstances , but the eu should really be aiming higher than that . 
  most of the british population really is n't that passionate about the eu either way . 
  in two years time , if she comes out with something vaguely symbolic ( not necessarily effective ) about freedom of movement , i doubt the public would really care that much , if only just to make the endless brexit discussion stop . 
  her main problem is that she 's only got a majority of 11 now ( i think ) . 
  there are more than enough die-hard brexiters in her party to take her below that , and it 's not like labour are enough of a threat to unify them . 
  it 's going to give the minority hardliners a totally disproportionate influence , unless she brings the dup in or something to boost the numbers up . 
  are the netherlands doing something with that now as well ? 
  it 's barely been mentioned here since the wallonians dropped their blocking of it . 
  hard to believe another country would try and block it after that shitstorm . 
  well that 's reasonable , the eu single market is effectively the most comprehensive trade deal ever made . 
  the wording could be viewed as misleading , that 's all . 
  would n't `` no access to the single market '' mean we are n't allowed to trade with it at all ? 
  that seems a bit extreme . 
  neither would i. i was just saying that the consistent negative stories about it would prevent any public swing of opinion towards joining it , or being linked to it in any way . 
  48 % of it , at least . 
  the others are just repeatedly declaring that they won , to cover up that they did n't expect to win and are n't really sure what to do . 
  well may does n't really say much of anything , aside from `` we will get the best deal for britain '' , so she probably gets it . 
  she just knows it 's completely unviable to actually say so right now . 
  boris seems to be arguing for every single position on the issue at the same time , so god only knows what he thinks . 
  just put out the same statement every week , whenever someone on our side inevitably says something stupid . 
  it 's not like it actually makes any difference . 
  you guys say that , then leavers say `` they do n't mean it '' , remainers say `` yes they do , we told you so '' , and both sides grow to hate each other just a little bit more . 
  it is fairly amusing to see , whenever any sort of crisis comes up , certain sections of the british press ( telegraph i 'm looking at you ) confidently predict that it will be the final downfall of the euro . 
  and it never is . 
  do n't get me wrong , the euro has some problems , but according to the british press it should have died already about 6 times . 
  towards the eu ? 
  entirely possible .
