  it does seem the most reasonable way forward . 
  i 'm sure we can get all confrontational and seek retribution if you want , but that does n't really help anybody . 
  outside of reddit , it seems so . 
  everybody 's just going along like they were before . 
  it certainly is n't like r/unitedkingdom , where the hunt for leave voters resembles the red scare . 
  well there was a whole lot of that in may 's speech . 
  we still view the rest of europe as our allies . 
  if that is not the case , then that 's a shame . 
  yeah , do n't hold your breath on that one . 
   god shave the queen . 
  i read that comment in a sean connery voice . 
  well considering article 50 's apparently going to be invoked by the end of march , holding a referendum before then would be impractical at best . 
  i have a suspicion nicola sturgeon might wait until brexit goes through to call for the referendum anyway . 
  those negative effects you mentioned , if they are sufficiently bad , might be what 's needed to cause a consistent majority for independence . 
  and she would rather wait until she had that before calling it , if only because if she loses a second one inside of 5 years , that 's the opportunity for an independent scotland gone for a good while . 
  i can understand that . 
  yes they do . 
  otherwise you 'd get a catalonia situation where the unionist side just refuses to acknowledge the referendum , and then the government does n't acknowledge the result when the independence side wins . 
  having said that , i ca n't really see a situation where the scottish government asks for another referendum and then is n't allowed to hold it . 
  they 'd probably have to wait until after the brexit process is done , though . 
  that 's fair , ca n't argue with that . 
  but portraying leave voting as an entirely english phenomenon , which to my eyes is what the original statement was doing , seems to me to be misrepresenting what happened . 
  i would dispute that it made no sense outside of england , considering how many non-english people voted for it . 
  i just thought i 'd put it out there . 
   brexit is a nationalistic campaign targeting english people that made no sense outside of it yes , which is why wales voted out too . 
  as did over a million scots . 
  it 's even worse than that . 
  he did n't even expect to have to hold it in the first place , he thought he could promise it to pick up the ukip votes , then he 'd sadly have to negotiate it away in coalition with the liberal democrats . 
  except he destroyed them so hard in the election he ended up winning a majority government by accident . 
  to be fair , farage is n't . 
  he turns up to the european parliament occasionally to shout at everybody and generally be a twat , but has no actual authority or position outside of that . 
  the media are just obsessed with him . 
  piers morgan told him , probably . 
  that 's fighting talk ... 
  they clearly take us seriously . 
  it would n't surprise me . 
  but have they built a large barrier there to stop it happening again ? 
  see that , netherlands ? 
  you are n't just sailing a fleet up there again if that tax haven dispute ends badly !, 
  because then it sounds like this guy is a bigger player , so his statement has more weight to it . 
  `` man who is about to lose power makes statement he wo n't be around to enforce '' does n't sound as good . 
  um , ok . or , you know , we could find a deal that works for everybody ? 
  the city is n't our entire economy , and only a fairly small percentage of the city 's trade comes from the eu anyway . 
  we wo n't crash and burn , you guys do n't get potentially destabilised by a large economy and close trading partner going into meltdown right next to you . 
  you guys can then go and build your project without us blocking everything , you have problems to solve . 
  we can go off and do our own thing and deal with our issues without being as able to blame brussels for everything . 
  everybody gets through it . 
  subtle diplomacy from us , as ever . 
  whatever it takes . 
  it all counts . 
  you 're a charming one . 
  i do like the way the city becoming a bit less relevant to the eu nations leads directly to `` get fucked hard '' . 
  you are aware that our entire economy is n't based on european access to the city of london ? 
  if the eu decides to cut off london , you 'll need to . 
  thing is , they 're quite difficult things to produce , you ca n't just regulate one into existence . 
  it would take years . 
  my bet would be on the netherlands coming up with one , personally . 
  yet when the independent constructs an entire doom-laden article based around a couple of vague quotes from anonymous sources , everyone here is perfectly happy with it . 
  not treated as ` toilet journalism ' then . 
   uk is ahead of france as it should be . 
  we 're invoking it before the end of march , which we have been consistent on . 
  if that 's too long for you guys , that 's a shame . 
  not long now . 
  or you could do what we do , and be an obstinate hypocrite all the time . 
  up until june , we were getting away with it too . 
   the real problem , advertisers being scumbags in fairness , that problem has existed for as long as the concept of advertising itself . 
   decriminalisation of all drugs ( and legalisation of some ) and still invest in infrastructure ( especially internet ) . 
  well that 's all of reddit 's votes guaranteed right there . 
  an american bringing up the `` special relationship '' without a brit prompting them ? 
  do n't see that very often . 
  well , as you say , we 've completely forgotten that the [ first time ] ( https://reasoningconspiracy.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/burningwhitehouse_freeman1814.jpg ) even happened . 
  too busy with napoleon at the same time . 
  still , let us know , we 'll see what we can do . 
  oh yeah , always forget about the war of 1812 . 
  the spanish-american war was fought in the caribbean and phillippines , i * think * . 
  need some spaniards or americans to elaborate on that . 
  has the us ever faced a defensive war ? 
  there was the american civil war , i suppose , which is a bit like one . 
   trump has 4 years ( if he fucks , or if democrats nominate someone other than hillary to run against him ) the democrats thought that with nixon too . 
  that 's how they ended up with mcgovern going against him . 
  that did n't end [ well ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/electoralcollege1972.svg/350px-electoralcollege1972.svg.png ) . 
   remember , there are two countries that are quite capable of invading us are you referring to canada and mexico ? 
  because , if so , pretty sure the us could kick the shit out of both of them simultaneously , even not on home turf . 
  i thought working lunches solved everything . 
  they seem to be arranged a lot in the european political sphere . 
  never underestimate the andorrans . 
  they 're keeping suspiciously quiet these days . 
  to be fair , virtually every snappy english-language quote has been attributed to churchill at some point . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  great country . 
  they get quite the kicking here for their public finances , though , every time that comes up in the news . 
   but hey , the uk , greece ... are at least trustworthy . 
  would n't say that too loudly round here . 
  neither of those two countries gets seen that positively . 
  especially us at the moment . 
  [ `` try '' ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/charge_of_the_light_brigade ) being the key word there . 
  not so much ` succeed ' . 
   if they wanted to live in russia , they should have moved to russia . 
  fortunately for them , they did n't need to . 
  russia moved to them .
