  murdoch 's face is n't as immediately recognisable to the average person . 
   nooo . . it 'll be ~ ~ britain 's ~ ~ the eu 's fault . . not hers . 
  ftfy, 
   i 'm guessing her polling showed how poorly all that tory bluster for a hard brexit was being received in a uk it was being received so terribly they 're now only 17 % ahead . 
  really time to panic ... 
  so do most media outlets . 
  like when fox news called him ` the leader of the opposition ' . 
  true . 
  plus all the references to the echr in the good friday agreement would cause no end of legal issues if we withdrew from it . 
  we were very frequently referred to as ` the sick man of europe ' during the 70s , what with the relatively poor economic performance , endless industrial strife and so on . 
  our entry into the eec often gets credited as the reason we got better , although thatcherism gets praise from some areas too . 
  why would it make any difference as leverage ? 
  whether we 're in the echr or not has no effect on the rest of you at all . 
  are there any european countries that have n't been called the `` sick man of europe '' at some point or another ? 
  because i thought the sick man of europe in the 70s was our place . 
  please do n't give theresa ideas . 
  you just know there will be some idiots in her party trying to argue for this if ireland does n't agree to serve as our extended border guard or something . 
  only issue with the `` just move all financial services to dublin '' thing is that dublin just might not be big enough . 
  it 's only about 1/8 the population of london , and 1/6 of the size . 
  paris might make more sense from that angle . 
  paris might just have that effect on people . 
  paris syndrome and all that . 
   of course it good for students . 
  but in that case why does n't only students get them ? 
  because they 're not only useful for students . 
  they 're also useful for single parents , non-single parents , people with medical issues , people with elderly parents ... pretty much anyone who might need plenty of flexibility in their work schedule . 
  where i am , they seem to have got the warm temperature right but forgotten to mention the rain as well . 
  i hate warm weather rain . 
  so muggy and unpleasant . 
  there is no opinion that can not be changed by sufficient exposure to rap-yodelling . 
  that does n't change that the german government physically can not change the fiscal policy of anywhere outside of germany . 
  you 're complaining about potential favouritism shown towards germany by the eu , which would be a completely different issue . 
  to be fair , the experiences of ireland and scotland within the union have been considerably different . 
  they could use the pound unilaterally if they liked . 
  problem is , as well as potential printing issues , they 'd be left with a currency that caters entirely to a different country , with no say in any monetary policy at all . 
  nobody 's saying they could n't do it , just that it would n't really be a good idea for them . 
  well , he might try , but good luck to him on succeeding . 
  this is france , the workers will be out there on the barricades in no time . 
  pretty sure the british youth is more left than right , and has always been . 
  labour have been waiting for decades for that game-changing influx of new labour voters that never really happens . 
   some of your politicians ( i am sure you can guess who ) even said brexit marks the beginning of empire 2.0 ah yes , i remember that . 
  although as i recall , it started as a derogatory nickname for a commonwealth trade plan devised by some civil servants who * hated * the idea . 
  so it is ironic how it 's become a shorthand for brexiter 's thinking . 
  i think you may perhaps be reading a bit too much into it . 
  particularly with the whole `` the eu will apologise to us for the unforgivable crime of not being born british '' thing . 
  i can see where you 're coming from with the other ones , though . 
  less so how it 's about nothing but the empire . 
  it 's arguably * the * popular opinion in the uk regarding the eu . 
  if that had been on the ballot , it would have won by a mile . 
  problem is , it 's completely incompatible with what everyone else in the eu wants . 
  hence our endless swimming against the tide that irritated everyone else so much . 
   this is why the british made the wrong decision . 
  the belief that a country with a population of 58 million can compete with the rest of the world may have been possible in the past , in the british empire . 
  first off , it 's 65 million . 
  second , how can he complain about us apparently harking back to the era of empire with brexit , when the title of the article is `` the * european age * is just beginning '' ? 
  because we import a * lot * ( an economy based around consumer spending with a low savings ratio will do that ) , and since we deindustrialised in the 1980s we have n't exported anywhere near as much . 
   after the uk , it 's probably the number 1 country that i would like to see out of the eu . 
  good to know you have a list . 
  who 's after poland ? 
   the uk murdered civilians on the streets of ireland no more than 30-40 years ago . 
  it never takes long for that to come up , does it ? 
  and even that never involved invading another european state , so an eu army would n't have made any difference in that situation anyway . 
  because it seems to imply that one of the usa , the uk , canada or turkey is going to invade the eu . 
  none of those are even vaguely close to happening , therefore it 's a pretty stupid thing to say . 
  one way only . 
  they did n't give us shit . 
  to be fair , the presenter had just told her that he was born the year she won eurovision . 
  that 's got to sting . 
  username checks out . 
  describing ireland as our ` oldest ally ' is quite an optimistic way of looking at it ... 
  like quebec would n't all vote and give your 12 points to france . 
  australia have finally figured out bloc voting . 
  thanks guys !, 
  ... you monster . 
  i remember we used nigella as a spokeswoman once . 
  i can only imagine what these guys would have said then . 
  do n't hold your breath on that one . 
  just wait for the public votes to come in . 
  well the idea was to tone down the political voting . 
  it does n't seem to have worked , and you get added votes for acts like portugal ( inordinately dull but artistically worthy ) . 
  it 's the jury votes . 
  wait for the public votes to come in , then it will be back to malta and ireland giving us 4 each and nothing else . 
  strong and stable . 
  we 'll probably beat germany and spain , though . 
  that 's pretty good . 
  i think this israeli guy is hugely overestimating how much anyone cares about israel leaving . 
  we 're on the left side of the board !, 
  wo n't last , but still . 
  nice to see . 
  we 've got points !, 
  top work san marino !, 
  someone ought to mention to the ukrainian hosts that the title `` grand wizard '' is n't necessarily one you want in english . 
  australia have just justified their presence here with that one guy just then . 
   then cry because i 'll never have a chance with the greek singer i would imagine your singer had a similar effect on quite a few people . 
  he 'd be better at it . 
  this kid is a more natural host than the guys who have been there all night . 
  nobody was . 
  since graham would be on commentary , who would host ? 
  ant and dec ? 
  with her hit song `` strong and stable '' .
