  that makes you literally as bad as the communist dictatorship that wo n't even say how many people they 've executed because the number is so high . 
   but if you exclude domestic affaires so as long as you ignore that china is an authoritarian dictatorship where there are no meaningful elections , zero tolerance for any non-cpc activism , and the state regularly arrests and purges political opponents , they 're really close to europe . 
  but xi said nice things about european integration so ... 
  we mock ourselves relentlessly , we just do n't take it well when other people join in . 
  especially when the mockery is being done by a belgian or luxembourger or something . 
  but not spanish ? 
  you guys really got fucked . 
  honestly , i reckon if we 'd all heard less from juncker , and more from tusk , relations would be in a much better place . 
  not that it necessarily would have been enough to sway the vote , but juncker turning up to things already hammered and publically saying things like `` borders are the worst invention ever '' really did n't help . 
  did he do things like turn up to meetings drunk then too ? 
  or is that a more recent development ? 
  that 's the point . 
  the rest of it sounded like a warning when taken as a whole , but by saying it he allowed them to focus on that one half-sentence in isolation and completely disregard the rest . 
  they did n't even need to understand it to know how brilliant she was . 
  that 's how well she did . 
  that bit where she started waving her hands around for no real reason ... genius . 
  it was n't too bad until that bloody `` back of the queue '' thing came up . 
  that was a massive misstep . 
  it was essentially handing the leave media outlets a headline that they could use to distract from literally everything else he said . 
  also , thanks to that , the british press is now physically incapable of talking about trade relations without queue metaphors . 
   british weather is n't really conducive to barbeques though for 9 months of the year . 
  to be fair , it often is n't conducive to barbecues for the other 3 months either . 
  we just do n't let it stop us . 
   and then we 'll get `` the uk is doooooooooomed ! '', 
  articles from then on do n't worry , we 're already drowning in those too . 
   still though , regardless on where anyone stands on brexit , calling elections without a parliamentary crises means it 's an election because it suits and should be punished you 'd be going after a good proportion of all the general elections we 've ever held , then . 
  gordon brown got slaughtered specifically for * not * calling an election at the most opportune moment for his party . 
  i do n't know , the eurozone debt crisis did seem to be quite specifically an eu thing . 
   you decided to leave when the ue had its first major crisis i did n't realise we voted to leave the eu in 2009 . 
  to be fair , the uk does n't have ` member states ' . 
  it is one state , where the constituent bits happen to be called countries . 
  you are n't allowed to be in the eu as a eurosceptic country now ? 
  that 's the membership list shrinking pretty rapidly , then . 
  why would we want the euro to fail ? 
  we do n't have to use it , and if it collapses we 're almost as fucked as you are . 
  the americans , i could see . 
  not wanting any challenges to the dollar 's dominance , that kind of thing . 
   if we can have eu without uk , then we can have without france . 
  not really comparable . 
  france is * far * more significant to the european project than we would ever be . 
  we 're just some guys that rocked up 20 years late , complained incessantly , did the bare minimum amount of integration and are now leaving again . 
  france is indispensable . 
  saying no twice in 70 years is n't much of a record . 
  meanwhile they can threaten to cripple us over the suez incident and actually invade grenada without mentioning it to us first , and we do n't make any trouble . 
  we agree with everything the americans say . 
  plus our military and intelligence services are essentially subdivisions of the american ones now . 
  did n't the danish pm have to specifically tell bernie sanders not to keep citing them as an example of a ` socialist ' country ? 
  not that it stopped him , obviously . 
  was n't it part of the refugee deal that the eu had to at least look like they were trying ? 
   i hope for realism on both sides , quite honestly i would n't hold your breath on that one . 
  giscard , i think . 
  who also married his cousin , if i remember right . 
  the french public seem to have a much higher threshold for what actually counts as that kind of scandal . 
  one of your presidents crashed into a milk float whilst out driving with his mistress , in the middle of the night , in a ferrari . 
  that 's much more like it . 
  the canadians are alright . 
  did n't know that kim jong-un was welsh . 
  i think there are a few greens in there too . 
  certainly more than i 've ever actually met outside of when i lived in brighton . 
  that would make sense , the threat of english culture being subsumed into a larger european one , however accurate that assessment is ( n't ) , would be pretty similar to how the other home nations felt for a long time . 
  still ca n't see st george 's day taking off , though . 
  not enough alcoholic traditions involved . 
  the tories would probably have an inherent unassailable lead in an english parliament too . 
  no scottish or welsh representatives ( and maybe not london either because they might get their own thing ) ? 
  problem is , not only do the english not really want their own parliament that badly , an english parliament would rapidly become the most important political centre in the country . 
  westminster would become far less relevant . 
  i knew in advance , but that 's only because my phone has an automatic calendar and told me so . 
  st george 's day is definitely the least known of the four , too . 
  i guess the english just do n't care as much as the other guys . 
  there 's nowhere near as many opportunities for drinking as on st patrick 's day . 
  nobody 's that bothered . 
  we do n't get any credit . 
  got to love civilization 's version of boudicca . 
  a vaguely celtic-looking leader , who was really from norfolk , standing around the scottish highlands wearing tartan whilst speaking welsh . 
  she 's like a one-woman cultural melting pot . 
  boris is actually physically immune to embarrassment . 
  no one could have kept going like he has if they were n't . 
  those jamaicans are going to really get it ... 
  are psychiatrists allowed to diagnose mental illnesses without having had any contact with the person in question ? 
   i fail to comprehend how we are the bad guy in this situation . 
  you 're an american on r/europe . 
  you 're treated as the bad guys in most situations . 
   nobody 's talking about bringing sweatshops back to europe . 
  we have n't seen the 2017 tory manifesto yet . 
  `` improvisation '' is far too generous a term . 
  `` flailing around in blind panic '' might be more accurate . 
  he made a habit of that . 
  course , it did n't help that once he came back with some genuinely impressive wins , he got absolutely slaughtered for not achieving the impossible . 
  that was definitely it . 
  napoleon was all about the oversight of a europe-wide judicial system . 
  and the luftwaffe were dropping burgundy passports on us . 
  bastards . 
  he did say the only * other * country with nukes and a council seat . 
  i guess he means other than france . 
   if the uk media did n't start brexit on such a sour note , they 'd be lining up to give the uk whatever it wants that attitude from them could have come in handy a couple of months before the vote . 
  to be fair , we got pretty jingoistic at times too . 
  but that tends to happen when your country gets attacked . 
  * they * attacked * us * . 
  how is self-defence a 19th-century mentality ? 
  i suppose we should have just let the armed invasion come in and annex a territory against the wishes of its people .
