  that statement is beyond the standard british insensitivity to irish matters , though . 
  it 's being wilfully degrading to a separate country 's language and saying there 's no point in using it . 
  not having that . 
  well the vikings who landed in england became geordies and yorkshiremen . 
  you arguably did a better integration job . 
  statements like this are why people with union flag flairs have a bad reputation on here . 
  you appear to be mixing up irish gaelic with scottish gaelic . 
  the scottish variant is indeed not spoken much , so putting it on a packet would be an odd decision . 
  by contrast , irish is the national language of the republic of ireland , * which is where this is from * , so putting it on a cigarette pack makes perfect sense . 
  also , they are n't * our * british isles . 
  good to see portillo getting wider attention . 
  hard to believe that he used to be an mp , especially dressed like that . 
  he 's got to be one of the few british tv presenters who goes around europe whilst * not * endlessly comparing it to the uk . 
  he talks about the place on its own merits , not relative to britain . 
  it 's a nice change . 
  you only ever really got invaded by one country , though . 
  we just made up for it by doing it a lot . 
  i think they already do . 
  what a moron . 
  i know it 's seen as pretty horrific here , but i 'm not sure how badly other countries see it . 
  i see americans using it without seeing any issue . 
  bit like `` spastic '' , which they once put in a uk edition of mario party . 
  went badly . 
  i live in the south of england . 
  once you experience southern rail for long enough , your expectations become significantly lowered . 
  would n't you ? 
  the message is clear , it does n't matter how much of an opposition-suppressing tyrant you are , you * do not * turn up late to a meeting with the queen . 
  14 minutes is nothing , most of our trains are later than that . 
   other regions , such as the u.k. , have none of these issues , and their markets function smoothly is this entirely because we do n't use the euro or anything linked to it ? 
  it 's a big claim . 
  i mean , i remember seeing that the dutch had overtaken the danes as the best * non-native * english speakers in the world , but having a higher proportion than us seems unlikely . 
  they appear to be softening on it * a bit * . 
  they leave the really aggressive opposition to the independent . 
  even the guardian is n't quite as brutal as it used to be . 
  moving through the stages of grief , i suppose . 
   we end up knowing a lot more about the brits in day to day life than the brits know about us definitely true . 
  i reckon there 's a pretty big proportion of brits who would n't know what a taoiseach even is ( close to 100 % would have no idea how to say it , but that 's a different issue ) . 
  interesting to hear about the british tv thing . 
  explains why shows like * strictly come dancing * and * the apprentice * always have at least one irish contestant every year . 
   we still have ... argos i 'm so sorry . 
  i guess it would n't be ideal for you guys to suddenly transport half a million plus infuriated british unionists directly into your population either . 
  we went through the problems that sort of thing causes , would n't wish it on anybody . 
  in fairness to your d\u00e1il , nicola sturgeon is not a head of state or government , so you were more than within your rights to ignore her . 
  rest assured , she probably told everyone it was a successful visit regardless . 
   my biggest worry is not being able to use amazon.co.uk and whether or not i 'll have the english channels on my sky box focussing on the big issues . 
  are british tv channels big in ireland ? 
  i knew you guys could pick them up , i 've just never got around to asking whether people actually watch them . 
  superior firepower , mainly . 
  no , we do n't want them back !, 
  send them to spain , that 's where most of them end up anyway . 
   would n't it be better to have a force that can repel the initial invasion ... ? 
  they do , they 're called the british armed forces . 
  why would ireland need to bother breaking the bank to build up another military to do the job we would be willing to do anyway ? 
  i have family from ( unionist ) northern ireland , and even they are n't sure what will happen with the north . 
  unification would be a messy business for both parts of the island , but if it 's what the people there want , then i hope it turns out well . 
  broadly , i agree that brexit will hit relations , because it by definition casts the two countries on opposing sides . 
  which is a real shame , because before that relations were arguably better than they 'd ever been . 
  we were even starting to treat you guys properly and everything . 
  from what i can tell ? 
  we like you guys , and generally want to be as close and open with you as possible . 
  there seems to be no mood at all to change how the irish are treated legally here , for instance . 
  even the ` no free movement of people from europe ' agitators seem to exclude ireland from that statement . 
  just a shame that that friendliness did n't stretch to considering the effects of brexit on ireland * before * the vote . 
  tragically , it barely got mentioned . 
  yeah , seen that map before . 
  still ca n't remember when we invaded brazil . 
  and i did n't say they were different things , i said they were * viewed in the uk as * different things . 
  despite our best efforts , reality does not bend to match the internal british perception of it . 
   apologies no problem , accidents happen . 
   the idea that ireland is the uk 's `` little brother '' is both wrong and patronising could n't agree more . 
  whilst i agree with the basic sentiment that there is no way britain would n't defend ireland , the wording is horrific . 
  referring to any other country like that would be patronising , for ireland it 's terrifyingly insensitive * at best * . 
   am british , keep getting called this i can imagine . 
  not a fun experience . 
  i know they do n't , i was n't the one that said the ` little brother ' thing . 
  more than one person uses a union flag here . 
  you were just lumping together the history of britain with ireland , and the wider theme of the british empire , when they are often viewed in the uk as two different issues . 
  you 'd struggle to find anyone defending the irish famine or cromwell but , as you say , the imperial stuff has no shortage of defenders . 
  i openly said we were fucking ireland over long before the imperial stuff happened . 
  that was my first sentence . 
  there was no denial in there at all . 
   the british could take the whole of ulster yeah , you 're alright . 
  we get enough shit for the bit we have , we do n't need any more . 
  `` ireland '' and `` the empire '' are kind of two different issues . 
  we were fucking over ireland since long before the imperial stuff happened , and ireland actively contributed to the building of the empire itself . 
  that seems pretty accurate to me , all the unions in the country were heavily weakened in the 80s during thatcher 's fight with ( primarily ) the coal miners . 
  it might just be tim farron . 
  nobody 's told him yet . 
  of course not , it was a joke . 
  we relish being shit at eurovision , i honestly do n't think we would know how to react if we did well . 
  although it is worth pointing out that virtually all of our eurovision wins came whilst there were far fewer competitor nations , and we and the irish were the only ones allowed to sing in english . 
  yeah , can confirm the ` shared european identity ' has virtually no traction here at all . 
  as u/fishfingerpies said , being european really does n't factor at all into how we see ourselves a lot of the time . 
  we know objectively that we * are * europeans , that just does n't mean anything to us beyond describing which continent we 're physically in . 
  not all the 48 % were particular europhiles , a lot of them voted that way just to avoid the upheaval that brexit itself would cause . 
  i 'm struggling to think of anything there * is * a consensus on in uk politics at the moment , to be honest . 
  nigel farage is a dick , maybe ? 
  it 's a bit depressing that you needed to put that / s at the end . 
  someone would have taken you seriously otherwise . 
  the original brexit .
