  who let us colonise mars ? 
  franco-british union incoming . 
  we 'll bring the queen , macron can run the place . 
  like it can get much worse . 
   the city encouraged the haywire credit practices that lead to the financial crisis the americans would have done that with or without us . 
  that applies to the gulf war thing too , actually . 
  a brit wrote article 50 , ironically enough . 
  careful , you almost sounded british there for a second . 
  our financial sector is nearly twice as large as a proportion of overall output as france 's is ( 7 % to 4 % ) . 
  so you 're citing the poor performance of something the euro would n't have affected anyway as proof we should have adopted the euro ? 
   the uk has the 2nd largest decrease in living standards in the eu . 
  how would using the euro have changed that , though ? 
  the lib dems and snp were both standing on explicitly anti-brexit platforms . 
  the snp lost nearly half of their seats and the lib dems only got 12 . 
  because that 's what they want to happen . 
  two parties that both promised to end free movement of people , therefore leaving the single market , got about 85 % of the vote . 
  does n't seem like much of a `` remainer rebellion '' . 
  yeah , there are certain levels of integration here that even the `` pro-europe '' younger generations would never accept . 
  the euro being the main one , joining the schengen area probably as well . 
  he 's off to the states anyway . 
  switzerland might be clean , if only because their armed forces have never left the borders of switzerland . 
  do n't even joke about that , or we 'll wind up actually staying in the eu after all or something just to surprise you . 
  we like to surprise . 
  does n't stop them from trying , though . 
  their vote count even gets into double figures sometimes !, 
   with soft brexit , there is literally no incentive for the eu to allow that . 
  or for us to particularly want to . 
  it was about the money/trade for us , and soft brexit gives us that . 
   may has said about human rights , the internet she is n't getting that shit through now . 
  bit like how we can probably forget about that fox-hunting vote too . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  apparently the deadline can be extended if all 27 eu states agree to it ( so good luck with that ) . 
  apparently alistair campbell is going around now saying that brexit should be delayed and can not happen on the original timetable . 
  redditors of europe , is that even possible ? 
  would you want it to be ? 
  to be fair , if they broke out scottish gaelic for the announcement , literally nobody would be able to understand them . 
  no , but they were n't promising multiple sector nationalisations and corporate tax rises . 
  this is a bigger change . 
  just go to r/unitedkingdom this evening , it will be basically the same thing . 
  inherited it directly from us . 
  it means the tories wo n't get challenged very much in the big sweep of the south west they took from the lib dems last time . 
  i suppose it also stops labour 's metropolitan base getting squeezed too much , so that could count ? 
  they 'll both have it . 
  although the bbc are n't allowed to put out anything other than `` there is an election , go and vote , here are some pictures of party leaders voting '' until the polling booths close this evening . 
  eowyn 's australian , so she could stand for election here if she liked ... 
  highly unlikely . 
  we almost never get those ( only two since 1929 ) . 
  well brexit turnout was at around 60 % , up from 40 % at the last election . 
  all the young people on twitter say that they 're really motivated for this , so it will definitely go up by another 20 % , yeah ? 
   hopefully adults get to negotiate this . 
  would be nice . 
  unfortunately , the conservatives are probably going to win ... 
  may 's general approach to the rest of europe confuses me sometimes . 
  half the time she 's delivering the `` we 're leaving the eu not europe , we want a special partnership '' line , and the other half she 's doing the whole `` i need a strong hand because those dastardly continentals will be looking to fuck us '' thing . 
  and then wonders why everyone seems sceptical about her sincerity . 
  how many national leaders would go into an election campaign with `` yeah , they 've got us over a barrel . 
  we 're just going to have to do what they want and hope they 're feeling generous with that trade deal '' ? 
  true or otherwise , she 'd get obliterated . 
   it looked like he was way out of his depth with running labour . 
  thing is , i think he still is . 
  he 's very good when he 's campaigning , but day-to-day leadership is a totally different job . 
  he looked impressive during his leadership campaigns too , only to slump back to being a bit shit afterwards . 
  truly , we all live in the shadow of his suffering . 
   the us consumes far more resources and energy than any other major western country . 
  because they 're 5 times larger than every other major western country ? 
  the vast majority of most countries ' film output is a bit shit , though . 
  we make some absolute * stinkers * over here that the rest of you never get to see . 
   of course , this wo n't apply to it services and products do n't worry , our brave warrior has thought of that and fearlessly negotiated himself an exemption there . 
  [ she knows ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2002/oct/08/uk.conservatives2002 ) . 
  and that speech of hers was in * 2002 * . 
  and , to be honest , the tories have been booed and shouted down since at least the late 70s . 
  they 're probably desensitised to it by now . 
   and cyprus location unlike malta 's offers a lot of oportunities if they reunify and turkey stops being hostile . 
  yeah , but what are the odds of either of those things happening ? 
  it is . 
  but why not have both advantages if you can ? 
  you are right that they ca n't actually stop things themselves . 
  but if the governing party knows that there is a competent opposition ready to jump on any mistakes they make and siphon away the votes , they 'll stay away from the more out-there ideas . 
  for instance , with corbyn in charge may felt safe enough to announce the return of grammar schools and another vote on fox-hunting , which cameron would n't have risked . 
  compared to the tories ? 
  yes . 
  me too . 
   not a fan of bernie on reddit ? 
  heresy . 
  honestly , i do n't blame her . 
  she 's getting hammered for not going , and rightly so , but that 's not as bad as what would have happened if she went . 
  5 different left-wing leaders all laying into her at once , cheered on by that audience ? 
  she would have completely fallen apart . 
  at least rudd managed to hold her ground to a degree . 
   either parties try and form a coalition ( highly unlikely ) depends . 
  if labour are close enough to the mark that they can get past with the snp ( and the 2 or so lib dems who might be left ) , i can see them going for that . 
  corbyn 's a very good campaigner . 
  about the only times he 's been even vaguely convincing as labour leader are during his two leadership campaigns and this one . 
   who 's to say that the republicans do n't get even worse post-trump ? 
  not to mention the democrats might wind up going populist as well if they decide that 's what they need to do to compete . 
  they 're no guarantee of sanity either ( albeit a better chance than the republicans ) . 
  it would explain quite a few of his decisions , really . 
   the effective tax rates of the companies in question have n't gone up . 
  the whistle-blowers have n't been so lucky : luxembourg courts have sentenced the pricewaterhousecoopers employees who had exposed the secret tax rulings . 
  so transparent .
