  he 's just really sure that 's what happened . 
  it 's that or forget about our * other * demographic trend and just let our population pyramids collapse on our heads , japan-style . 
  especially germany . 
  well they did n't , as far as i 'm aware . 
  it seems to be how it is everywhere in the eu except the uk . 
  i thought every day here was `` fuck you france day '' ? 
  if we do end up in a war with anyone , it will be us punching down iraq-style , not against france . 
  i know it 's been 200 years since we fought last , but i do n't think anyone 's * that * keen for another round . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  the heart was never truly in it . 
  just half ? 
  it 's a pretty tragic condition , really . 
  the union jack flies outside holyrood , i think , alongside the saltire and eu flag . 
  but you 're right , the only time i think i 've ever seen sturgeon in front of a union jack is when she met may that time . 
  that did sound patronising , did n't it ? 
  it genuinely was n't intended to , sorry . 
  i 'll try to redo it to sound less condescending . 
   why he 's holding the european flag instead of the flag of his people from his perspective as a pro-european , the european flag counts as as a flag of his people . 
  yes , they 're french , but they 're european as well . 
  both flags represent them . 
   eu flags are normally present in all government buildings , town halls , even hospitals . 
  basically , every place which displays the national flag also has the eu flag . 
  wow . 
  i ca n't even imagine anything like that happening here . 
  goes to show the difference in commitment to the idea . 
  * [ edited to try and make it seem less patronising ] *, 
  was n't there a bit of criticism last year when renzi took the eu flag away for an address and just had the italian one there ? 
  is it that unusual an event for the eu flag to not be present ? 
  genuine question , over here we just never seem to have the flag up in the first place . 
  our universities are more susceptible to some of the weirder ideas that come off us campuses . 
  no language barrier to insulate us . 
  engaging in africa or something maybe ? 
  not sure how leaving the eu would play into that , though . 
  what does it actually mean ? 
  would they need to ? 
  does catalonia even have an armed force to fight against the spanish army with ? 
  are there big differences ? 
  apparently . 
  we follow that instruction pretty loosely sometimes , though . 
  too true . 
  it is . 
  does n't look like i conveyed it well , though . 
  of course it did n't . 
  and brown did n't then call an election when it looked winnable , and it ended up sinking him . 
  how unorthodox . 
  not the done thing over this side of the channel . 
   they have a marked right wing bias but they do n't make up news those two things can happen together ? 
  we 've had insurgent groups trying to kill us for a long time . 
  not really . 
  there were a few pieces back when it all kicked off last week saying he was resolute that it was settled and it wo n't ever be spanish , but they were only in places like the sun and express . 
   ever since cameron came to power it has been nothing but obstructionist hate to say this , but we 'd been difficult and obstructionist from way before then . 
  like , decades earlier than that . 
  yeah . 
  if i 'm remembering right , among pre-2015 members corbyn lost both leadership elections he stood in . 
  it was closer to 80-20 , as i recall . 
  and they tried . 
  problem is , the labour membership love him , so they just re-elected him with an even bigger margin . 
  they were never polled over 20 % behind , though . 
  that would be one hell of a margin of error . 
  plus it means all her opponents ca n't keep dropping in little mentions of how she 's an `` unelected '' pm , like that actually means anything . 
  i can imagine the french blocking it just because . 
  they did it twice before , and it 's not like we 've disproved their suspicions . 
  they ca n't . 
  the mps have tried to shift him in a coup , it did n't work . 
  he lost a motion of no confidence by * 70 % * and still did n't leave . 
  and he 's terrible and unpopular among every single group * except * the labour party membership . 
  and they 're the ones who get to decide . 
  problem is , nobody else does . 
  and labour * members * love him , not voters . 
  they are n't the same thing . 
  the scottish referendum was the year before that , as well . 
  if the topic at hand is the eu , the independent is n't great . 
  they seemed to snap a bit after the referendum , and now they 're as bad as the telegraph but for the other side . 
   keep the uk intact ( get the scottish and irish vote behind you ) scottish vote is going nowhere , the snp have that locked down . 
  and the concept of `` uk ruled by snp '' is absolutely toxic in england , so a coalition between the two is unlikely . 
  they 've arguably already stopped existing as a potential party of government . 
  there is literally no chance they can form a majority on their own . 
  did n't gabbard go and visit assad without telling anybody a couple of months ago ? 
  sounds like a real paragon . 
   athens was a democracy if you were rich enough , born in the right way and a dude . 
  to be fair to athens , that applied to virtually all democracies before the 20th century . 
  not really , did n't really see that bit . 
  but synonymous with each other is fine . 
  less so calling the whole place ` england ' . 
   also , john oliver 's french is just the worst . 
  is it really that hard to pronounced `` prochaine '' ? 
  he 's english . 
  we 're genetically predisposed to speak french horribly , and pronounce it even worse . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
   and he will threaten to leave to get what he wants , but there is no way we 'll actually leave . 
  yeah , that exact line of thinking definitely has n't backfired horribly anywhere in this last year ... 
   uk/britain/england are all used interchangeably here the first two are fine ( for each other , not to refer to both islands ) . 
  the third one is just irritating . 
  clearly that 's what they were thinking of . 
  why would you ? 
  they could at least have put us somewhere nice . 
  southern france , or italy maybe . 
  or spain , since most of us are there already . 
  please . 
  do n't turkish football fans try to beat everyone up ?
