now , as someone who is fond of farage i find this disconcerting . 
  however , it was an offer . 
  not a deal . 
  wait until we know whether he accepts it or not to start shouting all your doom and gloom nonsense . 
  are you ok ? 
  are your feelings hurt ? 
  itt : witnessing a breakdown of op in the process . 
  both countries already know of our strong alliance , not reaffirming that for one time out of god knows how many years especially when it comes to trade prioritisation of all things is n't surprising . 
  also , of course obama would say what he did at the summit because he wanted to back what he previously said prior to brexit . 
  what about it ? 
  it still stands , but in terms of trade it is not at the top of the agenda . 
  the previous attack is still not confirmed to be a hate crime . 
  neither has this one . 
  okay ? 
  still does n't prove that this was a hate crime though . 
  people need to lower their pitchforks until there is actually evidence . 
  for wanting better relations with another country ? 
  okay . 
  `` possible '', 
  saying whether the incident was racially motivated or not does not negate my opinion that it was inexcusable . 
  not at all , what makes you think that ? 
  good , let 's get things moving . 
  yes , the incident is horrific . 
  people are murdered every year in the uk , no coverage . 
  this incident is also yet to be confirmed whether it was racially motivated or not , so people are jumping to conclusions . 
  just because i said there 's not going to be a hunt means i 'm okay with things like this ? 
  what ? 
  there is racism all over the world , including the uk . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i agree , as it does in pretty much all countries . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i stated how disgusting this incident was . 
  i apologise i did n't write an essay about how bad it is to fit your needs . 
  good , looking forward to better relations with russia . 
  and we were `` top priority '' in the first place ? 
  i 'm fairly sure there are more pressing issues the us has to deal with currently . 
  any evidence to back up your claim ? 
  ah , there he goes !, 
  you are too easily triggered . 
  getting a bit defensive are we ? 
  you replied with an insult , as did i. 
  your comment is as relevant as mine . 
  says the guy who watches anime . 
  got ta get them clicks . 
  perhaps before criticising the uk 's problems you should look a little closer to home regarding xenophobia and racism . 
  what these teenagers did was disgusting . 
  but jesus christ , there 's not going to be a hunt to kill polish people . 
  just look at the person who posted this and move on , unless you fancy a laugh at his idiocy . 
  haha , this is n't going to achieve anything . 
  his name is trolls_brigade . 
  ca n't take him seriously in the first place . 
  i look forward to it . 
  your ignorance blinds you . 
  another blind european , merkel boot licker . 
  why do you love to see europe flooded with illegal immigrants ? 
  see ? 
  i can make stupid comments like you . 
  smart move . 
  so , are we going to spotlight every murder of every person in every country of someone who was n't born in said place ? 
  oh , of course not . 
  this is getting highlighted because it happened in the uk . 
  if you think this type of shit did n't happen before brexit then you are stupid . 
  not harrow . 
  sea patrols , drones to spot anyone coming in , military personal on our side of the channel . 
  we can put much more effort into stopping said `` refugees '' if it 's on our soil and on our terms rather than another country . 
  and we 'll be able to do it our way . 
  customs will have to be much more strict and precise . 
  post brexit we will have next to no obligation to take them as we wo n't be part of the eu . 
  so , they 'll try and make their way here illegally as to which they will be caught ( they have to cross the channel , much easier to deal with ) . 
  and as most cases are these days in certain countries , they 'll be sent packing elsewhere as it is not our problem . 
  there is not one reason why the calais jungle should be moved to the uk . 
  we have no obligations to sort out that mess . 
  sorry to ruin your fantasy but that 's not going to happen . 
  exactly . . 
  so it seems we 're stuck at an impass . 
  thanks for the insight , it makes this whole situation much more clearer . 
  well , why should the jungle be on our soil ? 
  we are not obligated to have it here . 
  i do n't understand why he thinks this will happen ( moving the calais jungle to britain ) . 
  we do n't owe france in any way for the situation in calais or the eu for that matter . 
  it is not our problem to deal with , despite us trying to help the situation in the past . 
  yes , because we do n't do something similar : `` in 2014 , britain committed # 12m over three years to tackle the problems at calais , and part of this is being used to build a 15ft fence along the motorway leading to the port . 
  as well as the three-year calais investment , the uk announced # 2m extra for detection technology such as the heartbeat and carbon dioxide detectors , and # 1m for more dog searches . 
  in august 2015 , the uk and france a fresh agreement on new measures in calais , including a `` control and command centre '' and the deployment of 500 extra british and french police . 
  the uk agreed to pay # 7m over two years towards the new measures , in addition to money previously pledged . '', 
  source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33267137, 
  look who posted this ... what a surprise ... 
  holy shit , even a mention of the uk triggers you . 
  this is quite funny . 
  damn man , i must of really pissed you off . 
  this guys obsession is starting to become a little unhealthy . 
  just go to this guys submitted post history and see how much he obsesses about the uk . 
  lol , this is so hilarious . 
  you really have become obsessed with us have n't you . 
  love it . 
  what a stupid fucking post . 
  remember the ira ? 
  love new zealand , hoping to visit there sometime next year . 
  mate , there 's no point in arguing with these people . 
  anything that is anti uk ( anti england in particular ) will get upvoted and praised .
