that was the biggest pile of crap . 
  you shall go wanting . 
  in comparison to ? 
  aww !, 
  `` just people who romania most '', 
  ** continued ... ** it was around this time , as i was investigating psychology graduate programs more thoroughly , that i flew back to the u.s. for a conference , a wedding , and a visit to stanford university . 
  while at stanford , i met with alia crum , a professor of psychology , to learn more about opportunities for graduate students in her mind & body lab . 
  crum 's research focuses on subjective mindsets , which she defines as `` the lenses through which information is perceived , organized , and interpreted . '' as we chatted about her research and my own work in norway , crum suggested that mindsets might play a role in the wintertime flourishing i was observing in troms\u00f8 . 
  crum follows in the footsteps of the psychologist carol dweck , whose work focuses on the psychological concept of `` mindset . '' in her research and her book , mindset : the new psychology of success , dweck details the ways a growth mindset ( the belief that traits like intelligence and talent can be developed through sustained effort over time ) leads to greater success than a fixed mindset ( the belief that individual qualities are set for life ) . 
  those in a fixed mindset , she argues , often fail to see feedback as an opportunity for learning , and are more likely to view criticism as a personal attack . 
  conversely , those in a growth mindset tend to be more open to learning from their mistakes , taking risks , and pursuing self-improvement . 
  dweck 's belief , now widely accepted , is that mindset can be changed , and that a person can move from a fixed mindset to a growth mindset . 
  crum 's work expands on this idea by investigating how mindset influences not only achievement and success , but also physical health . 
  in one of her studies , for example , people who had a positive mindset towards stress , viewing it as productive rather than debilitating , had healthier levels of the stress hormone cortisol . 
  in another , hotel employees who believed that cleaning rooms was good exercise saw decreases in their body fat and blood pressure , compared to those who simply viewed it as work . 
  as her research illustrates , mindsets are n't only `` fixed '' or `` malleable : '' they can be positive or negative , constructive or destructive . 
  which led me to the question : can we measure positive or negative mindset toward winter ? 
  and might this wintertime mindset have something to do with troms\u00f8 residents ' psychological well-being during the polar night ? 
  using crum 's stress mindset measure -- a questionnaire developed to measure attitudes toward stress -- as a model , vitters\u00f8 and i developed the wintertime mindset scale . 
  this 10-item scale asked respondents to rate how strongly they agreed or disagreed with statements like , `` there are many things to enjoy about the winter , '' `` in the winter , i often do n't feel like doing anything at all , '' and `` i find the winter months dark and depressing . '' the `` blue period , '' as seen from the author 's bedroom window ( kari leibowitz ) a random sample of 238 norwegian adults responded to our online survey . 
  of these respondents , the group was almost evenly divided between respondents living in southern norway , northern norway , and svalbard , an arctic island located halfway between northern norway and the north pole . 
  thanks to the warm current of the gulf stream , troms\u00f8 is considered `` sub-arctic '' despite its northern location , but svalbard is the real thing : with a population of only 2,000 , svalbard 's residents are required to carry guns with them if they leave the island 's main town , to protect themselves from hungry polar bears . 
  both in terms of light and temperature , svalbard feels much more extreme than troms\u00f8 ; its average january temperatures range from -4 to 8 degrees fahrenheit , compared to 20 -- 28 degrees fahrenheit in troms\u00f8 . 
  the polar night of svalbard is significantly darker : absent even indirect sunlight , with no change in light to mark the passage of a 24-hour time span . 
  the survey results indicated that wintertime mindset may indeed play a role in mental health and well-being in norway . 
  the wintertime mindset scale had strong positive correlations with every measure of well-being we examined , including the satisfaction with life scale ( a widely used survey that measures general life satisfaction ) , and the personal growth composite ( a scale that measures openness to new challenges ) . 
  the people who had a positive wintertime mindset , in other words , tended to be the same people who were highly satisfied with their lives and who pursued personal growth . 
  we also found that wintertime mindset was significantly correlated with latitude in norway -- those living farther north tended to have a more positive wintertime mindset . 
  with its extreme climate , svalbard is almost certainly home to a self-selecting group ; most residents only live on the island for a few years at a time . 
  ( svalbard has several kindergartens but only a handful of high-school students , indicative of how often young researchers or oil workers come with their families and leave before their children are grown . ), 
  but even when the residents of svalbard were excluded from the sample , those residing in northern norway still had a significantly more positive wintertime mindset than those living in southern norway . 
  this is n't a case of self-selection between snow birds in florida and ski lovers in maine ; respondents living in southern norway reside at roughly the same latitude as anchorage , alaska , and still have cold , dark , and long winters -- but not the total polar night ( or midnight sun ) . 
  southern norwegians still experience winter ; they just do n't experience it as positively as their compatriots in the north . 
  it 's true that the winters in troms\u00f8 can be uniquely magical . 
  troms\u00f8 is home to some of the world 's best displays of the aurora borealis , surrounded by mountain and nature trails perfect for an afternoon ski , and part of a culture that values work-life balance . 
  but i also believe the cultural mindset of troms\u00f8 plays a role in wintertime wellness . 
  i found myself the happy victim of mindset contagion after fern told me she refused to call the polar night the m\u00f8rketid , or `` dark time , '' preferring instead to use its alternative name , the `` blue time '' to emphasize all the color present during this period . 
  ( plenty of people with a positive wintertime mindset might still refer to the polar night as the `` dark time , '' but fern 's comment was indicative of one of the ways she purposefully orients herself towards a positive wintertime mindset . ), 
  after hearing this , i could n't help but pay more attention to the soft blue haze that settled over everything , and i consciously worked to think of this light as cozy rather than dark . 
  and rather than greeting each other with complaints about the cold and snow , a common shared grumble in the u.s. , my norwegian friends would walk or ski to our meet-ups , arriving alert and refreshed from being outdoors , inspiring me to bundle up and spend some time outside on even the coldest days . 
  as far as we are aware , vitters\u00f8 and i are the first to examine wintertime mindset , and we are all too familiar with the scientific mantra that correlation does not equal causation . 
  thus , we ca n't say with certainty that having a positive wintertime mindset causes people to have greater life satisfaction , or vice versa -- only that these things are somehow associated . 
  and this is not to suggest that those experiencing clinical wintertime depression , or seasonal affective disorder , can magically cure themselves by adjusting their mindset . 
  there 's a big difference between feeling cranky about the cold and clinical seasonal depression . 
  yet our research data -- and my personal experience -- suggest that mindset may play a role in seasonal well-being , and the area appears ripe for future research . 
  i hope to conduct some of this future research myself ; when i leave troms\u00f8 , i will head to stanford university to pursue my ph.d. in social psychology , with crum as my advisor . 
  but i plan to keep my ties to troms\u00f8 , too . 
  studies comparing wintertime mindset in colder u.s. states to our data in norway could provide insight into cultural views of winter . 
  similarly , studies that induce a positive wintertime mindset by helping people pay attention to its benefits could answer questions about the role of mindset in wintertime well-being . 
  as someone who moved from new jersey to georgia because i hated the cold , my personal experiment in wintertime mindset has left me convinced that , with the right mindset , it 's easy to love the polar night . 
  i was able to see it fine , but here 's the article : located over 200 miles north of the arctic circle , troms\u00f8 , norway , is home to extreme light variation between seasons . 
  during the polar night , which lasts from november to january , the sun does n't rise at all . 
  then the days get progressively longer until the midnight sun period , from may to july , when it never sets . 
  after the midnight sun , the days get shorter and shorter again until the polar night , and the yearly cycle repeats . 
  so , perhaps understandably , many people had a hard time relating when i told them i was moving there . 
  `` i could never live there , '' was the most common response i heard . 
  `` that winter would make me so depressed , '' many added , or `` i just get so tired when it 's dark out . '' but the polar night was what drew me to troms\u00f8 in the first place . 
  despite the city 's extreme darkness , past research has shown that residents of troms\u00f8 have lower rates of wintertime depression than would be expected given the long winters and high latitude . 
  in fact , the prevalence of self-reported depression during the winter in troms\u00f8 , with its latitude of 69 \u00b0 n , is the same as that of montgomery county , maryland , at 41 \u00b0 n. 
  while there is some debate among psychologists about the best way to identify and diagnose wintertime depression , one thing seems clear : residents of northern norway seem able to avoid much of the wintertime suffering experienced elsewhere -- including , paradoxically , in warmer , brighter , more southern locations . 
  i first learned of troms\u00f8 two years ago , as a recent college graduate looking for more research experience before applying to graduate school for social psychology . 
  in search of an opportunity that would allow me to explore my interests in positive psychology and mental health -- and satisfy my sense of adventure -- i stumbled upon the work of joar vitters\u00f8 , a psychologist at the university of troms\u00f8 who studies happiness , personal growth , and quality of life . 
  after reaching out to him via e-mail , i learned that the university of troms\u00f8 is the northernmost university in the world . 
  it seemed like the perfect place to test just how adventurous i really was , while also providing a unique population for a psychology research study : how do the residents of northern norway protect themselves from wintertime woes ? 
  and could these strategies be identified and applied elsewhere , to the same beneficial effects ? 
  a few months after our initial correspondence , vitters\u00f8 agreed to serve as my advisor on a research project designed to answer these questions ; a year later , after receiving a u.s.-norway fulbright to fund my study , i boarded a plane to norway . 
  when i arrived in troms\u00f8 in august , the midnight sun period had just ended , the sky was only dark for an hour or two each night , and the polar night was still some three months away . 
  troms\u00f8 is a tiny island , roughly the same size as manhattan , and is home to approximately 70,000 inhabitants , making it the second-most populated city north of the arctic circle . 
  with everything a person could `` need '' -- a mall , three main shopping streets , and a few movie theaters -- but nothing extra , troms\u00f8 felt more like a small suburb than a city . 
  surrounded by mountains and fjords on all sides , it also felt isolated and wild . 
  for all that , i soon found troms\u00f8 likable . 
  for the city 's relatively small size , i was pleasantly surprised to find it home to an astounding number of festivals , cultural events , and city-wide celebrations . 
  the main pedestrian street is thrumming every day of the week except sunday , when most shops are closed , and is particularly lively on saturdays and after 2 a.m. on weekends . 
  i settled into my student-housing apartment , with its amazing fjord views and three norwegian roommates , and began building my troms\u00f8 life . 
  i took norwegian lessons , which i used mostly to decipher food items in the grocery store , as almost everyone in norway speaks english . 
  i found a group of friends composed mostly of european international students , all of whom shared my desire to experience all that troms\u00f8 had to offer ( and to do it cheaply -- norway is prohibitively expensive ) . 
  instead of frequenting bars and restaurants as i had in the u.s. , i enjoyed hikes , cabin trips , and yoga with my new friends . 
  i joined several norwegian meditation groups , which gave me friends outside the student community , and my norwegian friends in these groups were kind enough to hold conversations in english for my benefit . 
  troms\u00f8 in the summer ( kari leibowitz ) i soon found my routine : work on my research and graduate-school applications during the week , and enjoy the outdoors and potluck dinners on the weekends . 
  over several months , vitters\u00f8 and i laid the groundwork for our study , expanding upon the background research i had conducted before coming to troms\u00f8 , deciding what questions we wanted to ask , recruiting participants , and testing the online platform we would use to distribute our survey . 
  i became more comfortable spending time alone , and frequented troms\u00f8 coffee shops where i would spend the day working or reading , nursing a $ 6 latte to the point of loitering . 
  as i became more at ease in my foreign surroundings , i discovered an additional benefit of my research topic : almost everyone i spoke with -- in casual conversations , at parties , over psychology-department lunches at the university -- had a theory as to why their city flourished during the polar night . 
  some people swore by cod-liver oil , or told me they used lamps that simulated the sun by progressively brightening at a specific time each morning . 
  others attributed their winter well-being to community and social involvement , troms\u00f8 's wealth of cultural festivals , or daily commutes made by ski . 
  most residents , though , simply talked about the polar night as if it was n't a big deal . 
  many even expressed excitement about the upcoming season and the skiing opportunities it would bring . 
  even so , it was n't until october , several months into my project , that i realized i might be asking the wrong kinds of questions . 
  the crystallizing moment was a conversation with my friend fern , an australian transplant who had been in troms\u00f8 for more than five years , about how long i was planning to stay . 
  although my grant technically ended in may , i explained that i hoped to stay through as much of the summer as possible . 
  ( troms\u00f8 has only two seasons : a long winter , and a brief summer that arrives almost overnight sometime between late may and late june , at the start of the midnight sun period . ), 
  `` it would be a shame to make it through the winter only to leave right before the best season , '' i said . 
  without pausing , fern replied , `` i would n't necessarily say summer is the best season . '' fern 's comment helped me to view my research question with a newfound sense of clarity . 
  it dawned on me that the baseline assumption of my original research proposal had been off : in troms\u00f8 , the prevailing sentiment is that winter is something to be enjoyed , not something to be endured . 
  according to my friends , winter in troms\u00f8 would be full of snow , skiing , the northern lights , and all things koselig , the norwegian word for `` cozy . '' by november , open-flame candles would adorn every caf\u00e9 , restaurant , home , and even workspace . 
  over the following months i learned firsthand that , far from a period of absolute darkness , the polar night in troms\u00f8 is a time of beautiful colors and soft , indirect light . 
  even during the darkest times , there are still two or three hours of light a day as the sun skirts just below the horizon , never fully rising . 
  during the longer `` days '' of the polar night , in november and january , the skies can be filled with up to six hours of sunrise and sunset-like colors . 
  colors of the polar night ( kari leibowitz ) it was now clear to me that my original research questions were colored by my own culturally biased perspective -- in new jersey , where i grew up , almost no one looked forward to winter , myself included ( i even chose to attend college in atlanta to escape the cold ) . 
  in my experience , people simply got through the wintertime darkness on the way to a brighter , happier season . 
  but in troms\u00f8 , the polar night seemed to hold its own unique opportunities for mental and emotional flourishing .
