if it keeps farage out , it 's done at least something right . 
  or even better , the `` people of former soviet bloc countries talkin shit bout russia '', 
  that just means that treaties which covered non-russian ssr 's would be altered , not that there is no continuity . 
  the thing about international law though is that there is no higher power to enforce it ( well , there is the un , but that amounts to almost nothing ) , so you can just make shit up as long as others eat it . 
  but stray too far , renege on debts , invade willy-nilly etc , and you become a pariah in the international community ( basically what russia is doing just now ) . 
  what 's worrying is how ukip is gobbling up votes from every other party , and their leader is an idiot racist . 
  yes . 
  see my reply to / u/doctorheredoctor, 
  bullshit :  `` russia is now a party to any treaties to which the former soviet union was a party , and enjoys the same rights and obligations as the former soviet union , except insofar as adjustments are necessarily required , e.g. 
  to take account of the change in territorial extent . 
  [ ... ] the russian federation continues the legal personality of the former soviet union and is thus not a successor state in the sense just mentioned . 
  the other former soviet republics are successor states . 
  '' , united kingdom materials on international law 1993 , byil 1993 , pp . 
  that 's ... exactly what i said . 
  and to the spanish government , it does n't matter , they do n't want a vote to happen because it would show objectively that a majority want to separate . 
  the referendum is unofficial from madrid 's pov , i doubt international organizations could take it up without government agreement . 
  what do you suggest then ? 
  doing nothing ? 
  out of curiosity , what do you think the chances are for bretagne to initiate an autonomy movement ? 
  when i was there a few years ago they seemed pretty proud of their unique culture and heritage . 
  though he did n't state what province he was referring to , that was n't actually asked . 
  he answered what he would vote , and why . 
  was there an invisible question i did n't see ? 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  well , freedom is the quintessential romantic ideal , such things differ depending on the mindset/culture you follow/belong to . 
  to , say , a buddhist , or to me , enlightenment is the quintessential ideal ; you ca n't find one that is common to all people . 
  i agree though that the idea of freedom does play a significant , if hidden due to concerns of not appearing nationalistic , role in the debate . 
  it 's a generalization , it does n't hold true for everyone , especially since reddit is actually a network of communities , but it is generally correct for the attitude of people commenting on the popular subs . 
  the map reflects areas that are geographically european , and remaining overseas holdings of eu nations ( greenland is danish ) . 
  this does n't indeed account for the big honking argentina , although a union referendum with the uk would be beneficial for both : for one , they 'd finally have the falklands !, 
  [ and of course , there 's the national anthem ] ( http://youtu.be/kov-pvgtdaa ) [ and the union song ] ( http://youtu.be/jeuftba6ze8 ), 
  the line is not arbitrary , it follows the part of russia that is geographically within europe . 
  nay . 
  the site as a whole is pro-independence , though , from what i 've seen , but due to some romantic ideal of freedom , not because most redditors actually thought about the issues, 
  it 's really bullshit , if you want your country to be among the best in the world . 
  the only reason rich european small states exist is because of peace and commerce possibilities , but they can not maintain a varied , self-sustaining economy due to lack of size/manpower/resources . 
  true , yet if people decide this was a bad idea it 'll be too late , it 's much harder to make a union than to keep it . 
  this is why i feel that scots are n't really thinking things through when so many are willing to take a giant leap in the dark . 
  they 've been an integral part of the uk for centuries , and now they want to separate because of a momentary period of underrepresentation . 
  they do , when the eyes of the world are upon westminster and their own mp 's clamor for it in parliament . 
  though hopefully , a close `` no '' vote will make the government realize how close they got to sundering the union , and pay more attention to what the whole of non-london needs , not just scotland . 
  tony abbott : the bastard lovechild of david cameron , mitt romney and borat . 
  even if the polls will be 51/49 for no , that will still be a `` no '' , 80 % confidence does n't mean it wo n't be close , but that it 's very likely that this will be the event that occurs . 
  because will have been close , and the `` yes '' campaigners will know that they only need convince a few more people to have a guaranteed victory if another referendum is called . 
  not true . 
  nato requires scotland to keep the nukes , but that is not a general requirement to join . 
  romania and bulgaria have no capabilities of storing nuclear arsenal , yet were allowed to join . 
  but never a goatrace one !, 
  for romanians : do n't bother looking , kazakhstan is above us . 
  nevermind , i just checked some files i have from ens cachan , it 's a mandatory examination to become a ` normalien ' , and the prep school is just recommended . 
  are you sure about ens ? 
  i quite clearly remember teachers there saying that was the case , unless you go through an erasmus scheme . 
  small universities are this way often because of less funding , and size does not have a direct correlation with quality - see caltech , for instance . 
  i do agree though that research institutes like inria in france do much of the research in europe , and universities just collaborate with them , and europe is underrepresented , especially when top continental institutions are placed at the same level as less important us unis . 
  at the same time , places like eth zurich do n't really have bad rankings - anything in the first couple dozen places is world class , and ranking them would generally depend on each person 's needs and interests . 
  one thing sets the best-known institutions apart is accessibility for internationals . 
  the ivies and the top uk universities accept students from almost any educational system in the world , whereas entry in continental universities is often more complicated , as the system was n't designed with foreigners in mind . 
  for eth zurich , for instance , you need to take a special exam in german , and to study at an ens , you must do a year of preparatory high school in france . 
  the difference may be irrelevant in the long run for students , but the top universities maintain their place because money and reputation attract the best students , teachers and research funding and equipment , and other countries can not compete . 
  this is why chinese universities have become better and better in rankings , as the economy there has increased . 
  that 's weird . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/scuec0u.png ) is what it looks like for me , on chrome . 
  might be your browser . 
  are you referring to imperial college london ? 
  because that is on the list , it 's ranked 2nd along with cambridge . 
  any ranking will be inaccurate , as you ca n't objectively ascribe a one-dimensional score to something as complex as quality of education , but it is indicative of rough relative standing , no one can for instance contest the quality of oxbridge and the ivy league . 
  but it 's in the eu , which has a separate defense treaty with its border members . 
  yeah , i was kidding . 
  and maybe soon we 'll have pax europa , 
  i know , i was joking . 
  the last ruskies were in the neighbourhood , they took a chunk out of the country and made it soviet moldova , and made the rest a communist puppet ; now , they are acting in the same way and using terminology like novorossiya . 
  the position is not `` rabidly '' anti-russia , as it is not illogical , but completely justified . 
  yeah , i mean , what does he mean * past * greatness ? 
  romania is seriously concerned , as the last time the ruskies played with us , they took a chunk of the country and made it soviet moldova , and made the rest a communist puppet . 
  why would romania not be on the list ? 
  we may need to do another liberation of hungary soon , 
  hmm , that does work , but i think the romanian stereotype is rather that we do n't work because we steal , not because we 're lazy , like the greeks or spaniards . 
  i think honest romanian is more fitting . 
  yep , like a sober scotsman or a white-toothed englishman . 
  well fuck a duck . 
  i agree , i think that the chapel of king 's college , cambridge for instance is far more aesthetically interesting . 
  also the 12 apostles of christ . 
  it 's unlikely that putin will invade hungary . 
  how is that taught in hungary ? 
  surprisingly , it 's not even mentioned in romanian history classes , i 'd have thought they 'd use it to prop up some national pride . 
  they repeated romania , to remind people that the romanian government based in romania is , in fact , romanian . 
  hell , who do you think you 're talking to here a lot of the time ? 
  i would be very surprised if they did n't have reddit on their radar . 
  yes , the ukrainian authorities are removing the bodies from a rebel-controlled area , not the rebels , who also have a pretty strong incentive to obstruct the investigation, 
  are you serious ? 
  the rebels have an obvious incentive to interfere , even if they were innocent . 
  it is unacceptable for an involved party to tamper with the evidence , it compromises the integrity of the investigation you keep saying should be allowed to handle things . 
  the bodies do n't need `` rescuing '' , all that is needed is for the separatists to allow the international experts unhindered access to their fuckup . 
  [ i 'd call this obstructing ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/world/mh17-wreckage-cut-into-osce-spokesman-20140722-zvun3.html ), 
  [ this is what they said ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/us-tracked-missile-that-brought-down-malaysian-airlines-flight-17-222751385.html ) . 
  they ca n't say it was russia , but they tracked the missile launch to a rebel area . 
  livejournal is n't exactly a reliable source , there are analyses of 9/11 or moon landing footage that conclude they were faked , it 's easy to credibly misconstrue data . 
   investigation is still ongoing . 
  and it will be for a long time , as long as they keep obstructing the international observers . 
  you ca n't just ignore all of the obvious evidence that you can judge for yourself purely because there is n't an official answer ( which may well be biased itself ) .
