  which sucks , since their term is horrible . 
  to be fair , living in the ghetto is n't very safe in europe , either . 
  i never said anything about ill intent , just random . 
  not my fault you misinterpreted my statement . 
  again , from the point of view of the person assaulted , they were randomly shot , for no reason they could control . 
  that would never happen in europe ~ ~ since the police have no guns ~ ~ and the fact that they have an effect on public morale is precisely the issue , it 's a matter of perception because of media attention . 
  no matter their organisation , they have much less impact on our lives than random events . 
  and it 's definitely easier for authorities to eliminate organised groups than individual psychos with a gun . 
  the difference being `` a bunch '' . 
  in all cases in europe , it 's `` a couple '' of incidents . 
  i realise statistics may not be your strong point , but isolated incidents are generally meaningless . 
  many , separate cases are not . 
  and as another poster pointed out , these statistics are biased and poorly researched , anyway , even ignoring the glaring problems . 
  poorly chosen rates that prove nothing , since they 're subject to low sample rates ( thus subject to ridiculous random deviations ) and/or cherrypicking . 
  any more `` proof '' ? 
  switzerland especially is ridiculously insignificant statistically . 
  about five people probably died in as many years , and they rank it above the us . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://countercurrentnews.com/2015/09/wrong-house-again-swat/ ) random being from the point of view of the victim , of course . 
  not sure what your second point is . 
  it does n't really matter if the maniac murdering you in the street is religious , or organised . 
  right . 
  you are aware that single , extraordinary events push those european countries way up high , given their much lower population ? 
  it 's like showing death rates due to plane crashes in 2000-2005 and claiming the us has faulty aircraft . 
  for instance , switzerland , ranked 7 , has a population of 8 million , meaning that between 1-5 people dying put it above the us , where hundreds died in the same timeframe . 
  unless they misidentify you , case in which it has been known to happen ( from the victim 's point of view ) . 
  which makes his statement even more ridiculous , dying in a freak accident , or - even more likely , by orders of magnitude - in a car crash is far more likely than being murdered , on either side of the pond . 
  i think there 's a higher chance of being shot by some maniac on the streets , or randomly assaulted by police in the us than of being a victim of a terrorist attack in europe . 
  of course it 's stupid , but i would n't call it radicalization . 
  to be fair though , religion is now opt-in in schools , but the church is slowly gathering signatures to make gay marriage unconstitutional , so things may be getting worse overall . 
  it 's not as simple , it is a problem of values , not of being literally insane . 
  these people simply have different moral compasses , the way they accept these honour killings is the same way americans accept execution of prisoners . 
  where they disagree with our values is what deserves a death penalty . 
  to answer your question , no , i definitely think immigrants who do n't align to our values from the start should n't have been allowed in . 
  but it is very difficult to change things now that they are here , the problem needs to be approached very delicately - the legislation we enact to solve the crisis will outlive it , and may become a problem later down the line . 
  [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_patrols ) were sharia patrols , apparently i was wrong and they are n't active anymore . 
  and as i said , they 're all signs of a community that is not integrated , and ` floats ' somewhere in between the two cultures . 
  terrorism arises when people from these communities become attracted by the easy message of giving themselves to religion and become pawns for radical organisations . 
  it 's not about punishing anyone , i disagree with some of the solutions posited above , as appearing to opress them will only bring more radicalisation , but radicalism must be fought from inside muslim communities . 
  ah , you 're kind of right , there were a few of these `` patrols '' , but they 've been stopped by the police since 2014 . 
  that 's a relief , i was genuinely worried about seeing them when i live in london . 
  his definition of radicalism is quite inconsistent . 
  he 's equating `` agree with honour killings '' with `` positive * or mixed * opinions on bin laden '' with `` think cartoonists should be prosecuted '' . 
  by that definition , most of romania is a radical christian nation , since most would definitely agree with prosecuting insulting religious imagery ( there was a huge outcry when people found out about charlie hebdo 's christian satire ), 
  no one denies the connection , since the terrorists are `` homegrown '' . 
  the question is what the connection is , and what to do about it . 
  some muslim communities still practice things like arranged child marriages and genital mutilation , ~ ~ and you sometimes have sharia squads going on streets in the uk and imposing their values on others ~ ~ . 
  terrorism is just the ultimate symptom of a general cultural integration problem . 
  this is about not having the death penalty in general , believing in human rights and humanist values . 
  you yourself mentioned abandoning `` our ideals '' , in the plural . 
  these are what i was talking about . 
  my point exactly . 
  you do n't solve the root problem , which is what people think , just shoot people after they 've already committed atrocities , making a peaceful solution even harder . 
  why would n't they be relevant , though ? 
  these values are the essence of why we feel superior to daesh . 
  we need to ignore the regressive left and find a firm approach to extremism , but not one that basically destroys us in the process . 
  i quite like the idea of giving them the same conditions as any serial killer , though . 
  it would show just how little we care about their attempts to scare us , and how they are just common scum , not big , bad `` terrorists '' to be served as romantic images to other extremists . 
  did you read what i just wrote ? 
  or read the article ? 
  it is * not * simple . 
  believing it is makes us no different from them . 
  and you do n't even stop to think what having an infrastructure to quickly kill terrorists `` just using a bullet '' will do when the definition of `` terrorist '' is expanded to include `` undesirables '' . 
  nor does your gung-ho attitude do anything to stop extremist mentality , and prevent future terrorists , but the contrary . 
  and you ca n't shoot people for what they think . 
  this is literally going down to their level , medieval-style . 
  in modern justice , you do n't just hang criminals from trees , and the procedures involved in killing prisoners are actually very expensive , moreso when execution infrastructure does not exist . 
  besides , what is this fascination with killing them ? 
  they will die one day anyway , you are n't really gaining anything from seeing them dead , other than a primal `` vengeance '' . 
  for them , it would be far more painful to be denied the glory they seek , and it would be humiliating to be offered good conditions by the ones they hate , to be shown how unimportant they are . 
  they * want * to be killed , why give them what they want ? 
  you think the solution is simple because you do n't see the real implications . 
  you do n't just decide guilt , then take them behind the building and shoot them . 
  a justice system must be extra certain if people are going to be killed , maybe even add extra appeal processes . 
  then you have death row , where people can wait for decades . 
  both of these have massive costs . 
  and when the execution comes , you have countless procedures , and papers to sign , you need to operate an execution wing , hire executioners , pay them huge amounts for the psychological impact . 
  unlike the us , we do n't have the required `` infrastructure '' for this , so it would be costly . 
  [ here 's an article ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2014/05/01/considering-the-death-penalty-your-tax-dollars-at-work/#49b4026617f0 ) claiming that it may be * ten * times more expensive to kill than to imprison . 
  that 's not an official way of getting it , though , you 're relying on the workers . 
  same mistake snoop made . 
  ah , now that is a totally different discussion ... what finland does is create a mostly conflict-free society , so people do n't ever develop antisocial behaviour . 
  it 's hard to preserve that when you have an influx of people used to conflict and antisocial behaviour as something common , and the prison system wo n't change them by itself . 
  bear in mind that , regardless of the crimes the escapees commit , the big picture , the total crime rate , is ultimately the only one that matters , and that is definitely rock bottom ( except in the far north of finland , where alcoholism , guns and isolation mix ) . 
  though it would be interesting to get hard data on escapee crime versus recidivism in the nordic system compared to other systems . 
  that is a perfectly acceptable loss if the result is not having the `` us vs them '' mentality that `` ordinary '' prisons form , especially since most are probably easily tracked down . 
  but even if they were never found , it 's hard to say a system with a 90 % success rate is n't `` working '' . 
  and since finnish society is still peaceful , with some of the lowest incarceration rates in europe , the current system is clearly working great . 
  so in your mind , the purpose of prison is to torture inmates ? 
  the nordic system isolates prisoners from the general population and gives them time to rethink their lives . 
  it 's pretty much exactly what prison should do . 
  but not undetected , they probably entered as refugees to avoid having their passports/id cards checked . 
  of course , orban would be the first to support others trying to subvert the rule of law . 
  nah , between booze and anything else , the eastern european drunkard will always choose booze , so another factor must be at play . 
   it 's not that pis is wrong in this conflict of course , how could it be wrong for the government to encroach on the justice system and refuse to accept its rulings ? 
  if they think the system is wrong , they should have absolute power to fix it !, 
  i disagree . 
  it certainly does n't guarantee it , as is your case , but you can not separate language from the culture people identify with . 
  if someone speaks russian as their primary language , they will naturally gravitate towards russia , as they can more easily communicate with russians , and instinctively feel that they have more in common . 
  perhaps for young , better educated people it 's not as pronounced , but as far as i know , general political boundaries are very much tied to language , see those claiming they speak ` moldovan ' versus ` romanian ' .
