  not stupid , just not educated to think properly . 
  and they 're not even close to extreme cases . 
  there 's a youtube channel that goes around the romanian countryside asking people questions , and you 'd be surprised at the number of people unable to explain what the sun is , or what year it is . 
  ca n't taxi companies do the exact same thing ? 
  in a completely unrelated comment ? 
  besides , most of the way you 're perceived online is 1 ) a direct result of the us being the world 's sole superpower , and the single largest voice on the internet due to demographics ; if you 're willing to sit at the top , be ready to take some heat , and 2 ) most comments coming from sane people are greatly exaggerated for comedic effect . 
  i personally love a bit of banter at the colonists ' expense from time to time , but that does n't mean i do n't love us culture , or especially that i do n't appreciate that the us have made it impossible for russia to threaten my country ever again . 
  easy there , cowboy . 
  both the f22 and the f35 are american made , the guy was just asking for a comparison . 
  ah , used in that way , of course , there is no nationalism in the leave campaign ( except maybe for some ` kippers , but they 're not representative ) . 
  we 're using vastly different definitions of nationalism then , what is yours ? 
  but one of the purposes of the eu * is * to foster a sense of european identity , to supersede that of the nation state . 
   nationalism is a shared group feeling in the significance of a geographical and sometimes demographic region seeking independence for its culture and/or ethnicity that holds that group together . 
  ( wikipedia ) every sovereign political entity has this notion in some form or another , and the federalist forces inside the eu are no different , except that they choose different things to `` hold the group together '' . 
  and there is no question that wanting the uk to have sovereignty is a nationalist idea - you want the uk to govern itself because you feel that is best for your nation , and because of an ideal of cultural independence that 's been baked into european culture for centuries . 
  let 's say you knew for a fact that another nation could govern the uk better than it could itself . 
  would you accept it wholeheartedly , without pause ? 
  there is a strange opposition in the uk to admitting nationalism ( maybe to avoid being proud of the empire ? ) . 
  there 's no way to escape it , people will always need to identify with a group and support it subjectively , before others . 
  did n't say it was inherently wrong , but it is practically the definition of nationalism, 
  i thought one of your arguments for leaving was sovereignty . 
  if so , you do realise that limiting the scope of sovereignty at the level of the nation means you put the interests and views of british citizens before those of others . 
  i agree that at the root of brexit there is a nationalism that they 're denying , but it 's still not quite the same as le pen 's vitriol . 
  they 're nationalists , not extremists . 
  so before that , they were governed indirectly ? 
  to be fair , you can have supporters you 'd rather not have . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if hitler appeared tomorrow and supported israel , they would find a way to disavow themselves of him . 
   the only time countries sign unfavourable trade agreements is under the threat of military force we are n't talking about the country taking a loss out of the deal , but the deal being heavily weighed towards the side with more clout . 
  any deal you sign will be less favourable than one made through the eu , period . 
  why would the us concede to some things that would advantage the uk if they know you 'll take a deal anyway ? 
  the uk economy can not survive without trading with the eu , us , china . 
   if `` other countries '' do n't want to engage in mutually beneficial trade well that 's up to them . 
  it wo n't stop us . 
  if * other countries * wo n't engage in mutually beneficial trade , who will ? 
  the martians ? 
   the uk wo n't sign an unfavourable agreement . 
  how nice of brexit people to prove their own points wrong . 
  so you agree that there * wo n't * be an agreement ( contrary to one of the main brexit talk points ) , in this case , crippling the uk economy , while just negatively affecting that of its potential partners . 
  because if there is an agreement , it will be negative . 
  but what you fail to understand is that your policymakers are n't as dimwitted as you suggest , and would rather have an unvavourable agreement than no agreement at all . 
  the uk is not in any position to dictate policy to other countries . 
  and the side with more to lose will always get the short end of the stick . 
  that would be the perfect solution , actually , only a tiny minority of travellers use the opportunity to illegally immigrate , even from among the ~ 11 % who are refused travel . 
  ( it 's actually ironic to claim romania is a source of illegal immigrants , since canada , quebec especially , is still actively `` recruiting '' immigrants from romania . 
  not that you 're technically wrong . ), 
  it should be easy for authorities to track the suspicious ones ( inconvenient hint : they 'll most likely be gypsies , as was the case when czechia was allowed free travel in 2007 ) . 
  it is your problem , actually , if you want to travel anywhere in the eu without a visa , which is what is going to be debated in july . 
  if you want to give up visa free travel in its entirety , go ahead . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  bg and ro are soon going to join schengen , making any visa enforcement impossible . 
  it 's why the eu is enforcing the same visa rules across all member states , to avoid unenforceable illegal travel . 
  that 's unfortunately not possible due to eu policy , and in states like poland literally impossible to enforce , due to schengen , which romania and bulgaria will soon join as well . 
  it is simply not possible for the eu to be viewed as anything other than a single entity when it comes to travel to the schengen area , because there are no borders . 
  the real issue is that the eu expanded too quickly , including as equals states with vastly different social realities . 
  a two-speed europe would actually have been the best choice in this case . 
   far from agreed upon the us has added most other eu countries to its visa waiver program . 
  it seems pretty much the definition of `` agreement '' . 
  many agreements between countries are informal , `` you scratch my back , i 'll scratch yours '' sort of deals . 
   yet you agree with the eu pushing the us to remove them the alternative is the eu canceling its visa free travel to the us , out of solidarity . 
  do n't see the issue , even if there were no informal agreement , the eu is free to ask things of the us , and change policy if no agreement is reached . 
  no one is forcing anyone to do anything . 
   then in the next breath you state even if there is an agreement between the eu and turkey , it should be cancelled until turkey meets the requirements . 
  yes . 
  do you not understand what fairness means ? 
  if there is an ( informal , as before , no `` even if '' ) agreement , and we ca n't fulfill our side of the bargain , we should put it on hold until we can allow turkey access . 
  it 's exactly the same situation being discussed now about the us and canada . 
  if they ca n't allow the entirety of the eu access , the eu will consider canceling their visa-free status ( and expecting a similar response ) , to enforce the idea that the entirety of the eu is unitary , in terms of free movement . 
  and do n't forget that turkey , unlike ro/bg , * benefits * from offering visa access . 
  i see you keep ignoring this point , yet it weighs heavily when seeing if the arrangements are `` fair '' or not . 
  it 's not about a treaty , but agreement . 
  from the commission 's website :  visa reciprocity has always been high on the political agenda : it is a point discussed in summits , ministerial meetings , senior officials ' meetings and expert meetings . 
  basically , reciprocal eu/us free travel was agreed upon by diplomats , but it is n't fully respected . 
  if that is the case of turkey as well , by all means , we should cancel our free visa travel to them until they meet the conditions . 
  but as i 've stated above , it 's entirely possible that these actions were taken unilaterally by turkey , as it is a net benefit to them - no eu citizens would remain there illegally , and it 's a clear bonus for tourism , so they have no reason to cancel the free visa access they offer europe . 
  i just checked , you 're completely right , i had no idea . 
  is that because of eu-wide treaties , though , as it is the case with the us and canada ? 
  because if not , then it has nothing to do with an eu-wide agreement to allow bilateral access that one side is n't respecting . 
  i could see turkey brokering one-sided travel deals with countries to help their tourist industry . 
  tell that to your fellow countrymen , then !, 
  i do n't understand how a formerly relatively secular and western-leaning society keeps voting this clown in . 
  is it because he neutered the army , which threatened coups if previous governments became too authoritarian ? 
  the difference is that the us and canada already benefit from visa-free travel in romania and bulgaria , so the problem is one of fairness - by what right can they enter our country freely , while we have to wait in line , and often get our visas rejected for no discernible reason to get into theirs . 
  ~ ~ eu citizens do n't have free visa travel in turkey , as far as i know , so the eu is under no obligation to hurry and extend the same rights to turkey . ~ ~ edit : nevermind , so apparently we do have access . 
  it 's still a different kind of problem if those visa agreements are n't bilateral ; if we have indeed promised to allow access in exchange , though , then there is something unfair going on . 
  you ... are aware that the uk is part of the eu commission , right ? 
  or do you think there 's secret `` eu commission minus britain '' meetings where they plan the takeover of the uk ? 
  this `` bunch of foreigners who aspire to be your government '' includes your own bloody politicians . 
  and there is n't some `` master plan '' that 's been developing for 40 years , the eu changes as the governments that make it up come and go , 40 years ago there was likely no idea how things would be today . 
  and the uk has had equal decision rights in every change that has led to `` ever closer union '' , if you want to blame someone , blame your own damn politicians for not being more involved in europe . 
  as things stand , your representatives in the eu parliament are ukip . 
  package disabler is your friend . 
  that 's like england wanting independence from the uk . 
  ah , yes , the good ol' `` scratch that forehead itch with a bullet '' . 
  no , let 's do things that are n't moronic , for instance assessing their beliefs by asking indirect questions that reveal hidden biases . 
  this attitude of just doing * something * to address the issue , without stopping to think , is what got us into this mess in the first place . 
  the world would be a very different place without the idiotic response the us and uk , then followed by the rest of nato , had to 9/11 . 
  it 's about culture , not religion , and pumping money into education and welfare can change that , it 's just extremely difficult and expensive . 
  not worth it , in my opinion , but it could be done for those who are already in europe . 
  romania has an admittedly tiny muslim community that 's been there for centuries , and i 've never heard anything negative about it , they 're completely integrated . 
  change your immigrants ' culture to one where religion is n't their defining characteristic , and you should see something similar .
