  your counterexample is based on anecdotal evidence , it proves nothing . 
  you have the humour of a german . 
  in my experience , most do n't use sugar . 
  many do add a splash of milk . 
  generally , supermarkets will have green tea , several kinds of black , like ceylon , and some others like earl grey or english breakfast . 
  personally , i always prefer a nice cup of tea , earl grey , hot . 
  to be fair , the tea stereotype is completely true . 
  the president does n't run the country . 
  the people you mention are simply ignorant of how our ( admittedly shitty ) system works . 
  he `` went into the shadows '' to contrast with the previous president , he 's just doing what the constitution actually mandates him to . 
  wo n't happen while corbyn is in charge , he was always lukewarm on europe anyway . 
  some tech devices , like the htc vive , are already going up in price . 
  businesses are trying to prepare , but there 's absolutely no substantial planning anyone can do yet , there 's just so many ways negotiations could go . 
  what we have now is uncertainty being factored in , not the actual cost of brexit . 
  you 've idea what you 're talking about , yet you shout your delusions as though they were facts . 
  you can get 1gbps + , plus cable tv and mobile telephony with free unlimited data in romania for about 20 pounds a month . 
  the infrastructure , not being held captive by bt , is more modern than the uk 's . 
  and the country was n't really fucked up by the romanians , but by soviet oppression , which the uk and the other allies acquiesced to after ww2 . 
  you mean to say you 're * not * mechanical androids living in cheese houses ? 
   there 's a huge difference between defending your country and fighting for it this is switzerland we 're talking about , defense is the single scenario where that question makes sense . 
  yes , there is , the caliph , he 's just `` missing '' for sunnis since the fall of the ottomans , and unknown until the apocalypse for the shia . 
  the point was n't that it could n't possibly do damage , but that it 's ridiculous to try and measure whether it led to more `` good '' than `` bad , to say with certainty that it did damage more than it helped build our society . 
  how can you say for sure how the world would have evolved , when you are talking about a giant mass of people that influenced history ? 
  one person alone may change the world , let alone millions and billions . 
  historically , it 's ludicrous to say anything did `` damage '' , it 's a simplistic , teleological viewpoint . 
  everything in history led to the civilization we have today , there 's no way to know what things would be like without the fall of byzantium , without the ottomans giving central europe a common foe , without the islamic golden age that gave us back ancient greek sources and the very term `` algebra '' talk about the present damage islam causes all you want , but do n't ascribe present values to historical events and people . 
  how does not being in schengen change things ? 
  seems like you can get to ireland with an eu id and then cross the unchecked border . 
  you are now banned from / r/orthodoxchristianity, 
  wait , were you talking about migration in prehistoric times because the guy made a sweeping statement about all of history , and you only corrected him on prehistory ? 
  i initially read your comment as choosing to shift the goalpost and pretend migration only occured then . 
  if so , i 'm a moron , and i apologise ... 
  i must have missed the part where the migration i spoke of did n't happen in the middle of another , existing civilization ? 
  colonisation is a form of migration . 
  / r/iamverysmart awaits . 
  you have literally no idea what you 're talking about . 
  migrations from one civilization to the middle of another have happened * throughout history * . 
  your own fucking culture was created by the blend of dacian , roman , and a hearty mix of many migratory tribes . 
  while not perfectly , the many waves of migrations to the us have resulted in a single national identity for most . 
  populations have n't lived in the same areas since prehistory . 
  and let 's not get started on this notion that tribalism is not genetic . 
  the group , the tribe , is the basic social unit in every non-solitary species on this planet , but you think human tribalism is a social construct ? 
  to be fair , cleansing through suffering was that bitch 's schtick , not all christians accept her sick ideology . 
  that 's what she did to her patients in her clinics . 
  when will it end ? 
  how ? 
  it is n't growing apart by no more than 2 % , it 's * always * within 2 % of the euro . 
  eyewitnesses said the suspect shouted `` schei\u00df ausl\u00e4nder '' . 
  and the guy in the purported video looked quite white . 
  you might be down $ 500 later . 
  yes , such a great achievement that half of scotland now feels more scottish than british . 
  perhaps you have n't noticed , but it is n't the 18th century anymore . 
  my pyuya sneakers lasted longer than the real deal ... 
   his true legacy is not about the economy , it 's about social justice coming from someone who 's pushed against social freedoms , speaking about someone who mainly campaigned on economic issues , it does sound like a huge passive-aggressive fu . 
  to be fair , they put the odds of a remain at 90 % the day before ... 
  boris johnson is part of that number of foreign - borns . 
  same place it says the queen nominates whoever parliament tells her to . 
  the same is the case for most systems - the head of state can nominate whoever they please , but by convention select the majority party 's candidate , for obvious reasons . 
   they can fish now you do know the whole point of fishing limits is so we do n't deplete the entire supply of fish ? 
  catch all the fish now , and in 50 years you 'll be eating blobfish for dinner . 
  knowledge and intelligence are n't even close to being the same things . 
  people do n't change . 
  they just keep the views they had as young people , and become nostalgic for the way things were . 
  currently , old voters dream of the days of old when they were part of a country still fancying itself an empire . 
  the youth of today will become nostalgic for the days of tolerance and union in europe , and may well vote against a more nationalistic new generation in a few decades . 
  can you really not make the difference between being ` smart ' and being ` educated ' ? 
  fyi , statistics have shown that a majority of leave voters are woefully ignorant of the actual facts of eu membership , after decades of myths in tabloids and the like . 
  there are many valid reasons why the uk should have left the eu ( though in my opinion , dwarfed by the opposite ) . 
  the leave campaign was not primarily based on those . 
  true . 
  but claim that maybe the general public just were n't educated enough to make this decision , and you get branded a dictator-loving , country-hating , anti-democracy cunt . 
  it was crashing , then the goverment put up the modest sum of a quarter trillion pounds to stabilise the markets . 
  and before him , were n't you on the right track to join ? 
  by the sultan , i meant erdogan, 
  this gives her legitimacy , though . 
  eu membership was an argument for staying before . 
  soros is basically responsible for brexit - without his meddling , the uk would have joined the eurozone . 
  ironically , though , they 'd be worse off economically right now ( though perhaps not in a year ), 
  without the sultan , i could see them having gone in the right direction and joining about now . 
  yes , and leaving the eu is the solution to that not happening , amirite ? 
  the last pm of the uk . 
  has a nice ring to it . 
  he called the referendum to steal ukip voters , he is directly responsible . 
  this result may well have been different a decade from now , with isis and the refugee crisis well in the past . 
  had to do it at some point soon , and it seemed more likely that it would go up rather than down . 
  the pound is plummeting , all imports will increase in price , leading to inflation . 
  then again , i ca n't wait to see the brexiters try and keep their moronic bluster when they start to feel the effects . 
  i bought 200 quid yesterday ... fml, 
  they wo n't stay low for long . 
  to be fair , that is * far * beyond what you 'll hear in romania for the next decade , at least . 
  there has been no military coup , which traditionally happened when turkish leaders get too powerful . 
   every single democracy not quite . 
  the process of democratisation in england and the uk , for instance , was very slow and gradual , and powers were just slowly moved from the few to the many . 
  no , i did not . 
  not sure how you reached that conclusion . 
  the guy above claimed there are no russian puppets in ee , because if there were any , the leader would get immediately shot . 
  i pointed out two puppets whose leaders were not shot . 
  ukraine was a russian puppet for 20 years . 
  while anti-russian sentiments are strong in most post-communist states , you ca n't completely generalise . 
  you are aware that belarus is in eastern europe , right ?
