  i 'm not saying the kiev people are n't faking these communications , they certainly have the motive to do so , and any government set up so quickly after a revolution is bound to be filled with amoral opportunists , but lately i do n't really see them as needing to , the rebels really have made questionable decisions . 
  and faking the other side trying to fake an atrocity is a bit too looney-toons-esque . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  false flagception ? 
  these morons shot a civilian airplane by mistake , i would n't be too surprised to find out they use open lines of communication that are easily intercepted by the government . 
  is n't it important news that they have proof one of those was a russian intelligence officer ? 
  i thought it was something everyone knew , but no one had proof of . 
  [ ukrainian separatists ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140619185643/planetoftheapes/images/b/b5/koba_with_machine_gun.png ), 
  that 's the etymology for english/romance languages as well, 
  it 's a right-wing , anti-european party . 
  i 'm sure they can think of some . 
  that flag actually looks really cool . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  it only reached that peak once , for a very short time , and in the areas of present-day greece and anatolia , which it held onto for the longest time , the language spoken was greek . 
  the official language of the state was greek . 
  regardless of whether people identified themselves as such , there was a distinct culture , language , and set of religious rites that have survived to the present day in greece . 
  of course , i am arguing for a continuous cultural heritage , not a national identity . 
  that is indeed a modern concept . 
  the byzantine empire , the strongest european state for almost a thousand years , was ethnically greek . 
  after justinian , the language of the emperors was greek . 
  you ca n't just wave that away . 
  moldova is n't really the best example in this case , romania does n't contest its name because the populations share an ethnicity , language and history , and there is a clear agenda to ultimately reunite the two . 
  iasi here , never heard of stufat . 
  the only time i 've ever eaten coliv\u0103 was in a cemetery , it never even crossed my mind that you could make it to enjoy it , so i 'd agree with / u/kx233, 
  i 've noticed some of it on wikipedia . 
  but it 's not restricted to russia , east-europeans seem to often have very strong feelings when it comes to their nation and feel personally insulted if someone does not agree with their views . 
  the ukip, 
  right . 
  people who have n't heard the fake rumours are retards . 
  right , but many might not get it, 
  this comment is made funnier by the rumours that cameron stuck his dick in a dead pig 's head . 
  right . 
  not the fact that there simply was no plumbing system and developing the infrastructure is expensive . 
  i suppose you think farmhouses in other countries do n't have indoor toilets either ? 
  to be fair , most of the countryside does look like this ( remember that more than half do n't have indoor toilets ) . 
  cities do look very different , though . 
  there are also steam locomotives in europe . 
  and just like the carriages , they are there for people to take a step back in time and see what life was like in past centuries . 
  unlike in most of europe , carriages in romania are still used as a genuine mode of transportation by gypsies and peasants . 
  you 've replied to the wrong person , i 'm afraid, 
  there 's lots you can do : have your kids be educated by high-diplomacy people with the grey eminence trait so they get it too ( diplomacy increases opinion ) , get a spouse with high diplo ( you get half their stats ) , start a eugenics program and farm the genius and attractive traits , keeping them ` in the family ' , engineer situations where a smaller section of vassals revolt ( for instance , have someone excommunicated and rebel when you try to rightfully imprison them ) to get `` crushed a major revolt +20 '' , hold feasts to get +5 with everyone , give gold gifts to those who are on the edge . 
  another easy thing to do is to get a marriage with the daughter of an important nearby king , making them your ally . 
  bonus points if all of their other 10 children accidentally choke on their pillows or die in manure explosions , giving your heir their kingdom . 
  ha , nice . 
  this looks kind of like a gaming equivalent of redlettermedia, 
  if that 's too abstract , you could try crusader kings ii . 
  equally as fun , if in slightly different ways , and it 's easier to learn since you 're directly controlling the life of your ruler . 
  reuters must have confused reality with their office eu iv game . 
   the us didnt not cause the arab spring !, 
  thanks for agreeing with me  make up your mind is it that hard to grasp ? 
  either do n't go in and destabilize the region , or if you do invade , stay there as long as necessary to make sure you 're leaving behind a functional nation . 
   they just want our welfare and money some of them ? 
  sure . 
  but painting everyone with the same brush is every bit as idiotic as declaring that the left or right are wrong , period , with no room for discussion . 
   that didnt cause the syrian civil war do you have no sense of causality ? 
  the us destabilized the region enough to lead to the arab spring , which directly led to the syrian war . 
  which would have been completely contained in syria and been mostly beheading , slavery , ethnic cleansing and immolation-free had isis not expanded in iraq , where the incompetent army the us left behind turned tail and ran , leaving vast resources for them to use in syria . 
  there 's a reason these refugees only started coming when isis came to power , and not at the beginning of the war , when their lives were first thrown into chaos . 
  i think it 's you who has a problem understanding statistics - it 's not just those acting violently now that could be a problem in the future . 
  but having that many act so antisocially now , when pressured , is indicative of the general behaviour one might expect when they are faced with the reality of living on benefits in europe . 
  and really , how fucking disingenuous is it to compare the small numbers currently being rejected at the fence with the total number of refugees ? 
  take the several hundred total people there , and the ratio skyrockets . 
  look at how they 're all throwing rocks at the hungarian border and take a wild guess ... 
  yes , of course , the leftist agenda of the gung-ho republicans who decided it was a great idea to invade the middle east , dismantle the existing bureaucracy and military and do a half-assed job building them back . 
  i feel like i * really * should get the joke ... 
  explain please ? 
  how exactly is he wrong ? 
  or is throwing insults the only way you can argue ? 
  i think it 's ` bout time we had another one . 
  who knew throwing people out of windows could lead to secularism ? 
  and just what do you think you 're achieving here ? 
  even if you were completely correct , no one is going to seriously consider a post full of insults and personal attacks , they 're going to at best ignore it as the ramblings of an extremely insecure individual . 
  jesus christ , you 're one arrogant prick . 
  actually , your joke fits quite well . 
  you were the chosen ones !, 
  you were supposed to save us from the ottomans , not invade us and annex bessarabia !, 
  it might be temporary , anaf started a huge nation-wide campaign earlier in the year , and they 're all still scared . 
  ha , that 's because our tax agency began an aggresive anti-evasion program earlier this year . 
  everyone 's scared shitless now . 
  i 'm not sure he himself knows what he means . 
  but i think he 's referring to the fact that , immediately after 1918 , the ratio of hungarians was much larger in transylvania ( though romanians were a majority even then ) obviously , the demographics have changed over the past century , with many ethnic germans and hungarians leaving and romanians from the other regions moving into transylvania . 
  [ last few ... hundred ] ( http://www.onaquietday.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/germanjewspouringintothiscountry.jpg ), 
  i prefer [ this version ] ( https://youtu.be/iite3tfe7qm ), 
   for some reason it 's almost impossible to pronounce `` eu '' phonetically in normal speech . 
  where have you heard it used that way ? 
  exactly . 
  i was merely stating that there 's nothing magical about the americans on / r/europe that would make them `` ace '' that test . 
  at best , they would be generally a bit better , because of their interest in europe . 
  but neither can most americans . 
  yeah . 
  right . 
  and romanian also has a type of cheese called ca\u0219 , which looks to have the same latin roots as the western names , like cheese or kase . 
  first of all , it is completely moronic to compare having your religion persecuted and not having any say in government to a state that is slightly too centralised . 
  but ignoring that , i ask again : what does centralisation have to do with * colonialism * ? 
  or do you just like using words you do n't understand ? 
  agreed . 
  so again , what was the nonsense about colonialism ? 
  or are you just going to ignore your own bullshit ? 
  centralisation has fuckall to do with colonialism . 
  i recommend actually knowing what you 're talking about before spouting nonsense .
