  i did choose the negative side of law enforcement as my example instead of something safer for comedic effect , but i did n't expect it would be interpreted as `` this is literally the only thing that happens '' . 
  societal effects are definitely ( and obviously , we just have to look around ) greater . 
  my whole point was trying to go against this fear , and show that statistically , there is probably no reason to start living in fear , that there are other things we fear less that are more likely to harm us . 
  i 'm not conflating anything , obviously it 's a solvable issue , and it will probably get worse until isis is eradicated , but when you look at it objectively , compared to everything else , it does n't pose a high risk . 
   people who wave guns around in public while assaulting others and ignoring police have a pattern of getting shot where was that ever discussed ? 
  this was always a discussion about people minding their own business and dying because of police errors through no fault of their own ; acting like a monkey with a gun will obviously increase your chances of getting shot . 
  and using that ridiculous premise , you arrived at a tinfoil conclusion . 
  i clearly explained my reasoning in the previous post . 
  you seem to have completely ignored that , in an attempt to find `` bias and agenda '' . 
  i merely emphasized how there is a random chance to get killed by police in the us , greater than the chance of getting killed by terrorists in europe . 
  if you want to spin a narrative that assumes i 'm lying for some `` nefarious purpose '' , knock yourself out . 
  the one i 've heard most often is `` these islands '' , which is ridiculously undescriptive . 
  wikipedia links to the original text as a reference to the claim , and [ this ] ( https://books.google.ro/books?id=5tygagaaqbaj&amp;pg=pa67&amp;lpg=pa67&amp;dq=ptolemy+little+britain&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=cktlbe69bc&amp;sig=j6egrhg9xngnb9yxjwcusgv-8hk&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewir7ihflotlahxnijokhz3fb1oq6aeitzan#v=onepage&amp;q=ptolemy%20little%20britain&amp;f=false ) is the first link if you look it up , but you 're right , what ptolemy thought is ultimately meaningless . 
  as for why i prefer the british isles ? 
  as a kind of outsider without a political stake , because ` the british isles ' rolls nicely off the tongue , and it 's the generally known term because of british cultural influence . 
  ireland 's name just seems like an attempt to push political matters on a name that is pretty much settled by now , making an fuss about something no one really cares about for domestic political capital . 
  or when ptolemy called gb great britain , and ireland little britain . 
  not having control is a problem , but a purely subjective one , as is the whole issue here . 
  terrorism is great at making us be afraid , but it is n't as big of a threat to us individually as it appears . 
  obviously , what happened is a tragedy , but those victims are a blip in a sea of deaths that occur daily from innumerable reasons . 
  you ca n't avoid a drunkard suddenly swerving into you either , and that is far more of a threat . 
  of course , but from the victim 's viewpoint it 's the same as being attacked by a terrorist - they get killed by someone else for no reason at all , and there 's a random chance of it occuring to them , with little they can do to stop it . 
   we know the context and thus know it was not random again , you show that you do n't actually get my point completely . 
  in order for something to be random , * some facts must not be known * . 
  by your reasoning , nothing is ever random . 
  you can just take any situation and go , `` no , his hand was n't random , since there was a clear progression of events leading to shuffling the deck '' . 
  there is no such thing as `` it was not random , period '' , you need an additional qualifier ; being random or not is entirely linked to your viewpoint , there is no objective view that may or may not be random . 
  not sure what facts you think i 'm ignoring here . 
  the reason i think this is an important distinction to make is , as i stated before , that you can then look at an individual 's personal threats in europe and the us . 
  since there is a random chance of being involved in a police situation , it is clear that it can happen to anyone with some prior probability , and so can occur in the same conditions as a terror attack , from an everyday person 's point of view . 
  you can then * compare * the two , and see that it is more likely for the first to happen in the us than the second in europe , which was my original post . 
  ok , so you * are * fucking retarded . 
  my bad . 
  thank you , but i do n't need you twisting my words . 
  i am not spinning this as if the police are shooting people at random at all . 
  let me reiterate . 
  * nothing * is random if you have all the information ( we 're not talking about quantum mechanics here ) . 
  * every * . 
  * single * . 
  * thing * is deterministic if you have all the facts . 
  randomness is a way of reasoning with limited information . 
  again , you show that you simply do n't know anything about statistics . 
  and the reason my point is important is that in the us you can * randomly * die because of police , without doing anything to merit it , without being involved in any way , just as you would in a terrorist attack . 
  the perspective of the victim is important , since that 's what we 're comparing , your average joe 's life in the us versus in europe . 
  and from your point of view , you can * randomly * be involved in a police altercation , and there is nothing you can do about it . 
  but those people are usually known to the police , and use some form of communication , and so could be caught preparing the attack , it 's how all the thwarted attacks are stopped . 
  then again , we can only speculate about individual factors , you 'd probably need hard facts from intelligence agencies to see which are actually the most important things in catching them . 
   and now people like you are trying to say we should just ignore it and accept the fact that muslims will occasionally set off nail bombs in airports . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  i just explained to you that no one , not me , not * anyone * is saying we should ignore the problem . 
  you are making a strawman . 
  just like papa trump taught you . 
  what part of * from the victim 's point of view * is so hard for you to understand ? 
  when you say something is random , you are generally refering to something that occurs with some probability , usually uniform , with all other factors unkown . 
  there 's a fucking logical progression of events when an asteroid falls on your head . 
  a human being involved does n't change the fact that the incident is ultimately random for the person hit by it . 
  for a citizen , there is a uniform probability of 1 in a couple million of being killed one day by a policeman for no reason . 
  for the policeman targeting the house , the probability of killing that citizen that same day is 1 . 
  randomness very much changes based on your viewpoint . 
  the problem here is n't english , it 's scientific illiteracy . 
  they 're as much part of everyday life as any random disaster . 
  it 's impossible to fully stop them , but statistics do show terror incidents going down in the past decades . 
  you 're attacking a strawman - people do n't use the car comparison to suggest nothing should be done about terrorists . 
  no one is saying that . 
  it is used to show that they are n't something you should be afraid of in your daily life , as personally they 're almost impossible to affect you , and that it is ridiculous to say that being in europe now is meaningfully more dangerous than it was a couple years ago . 
  do you use stairs in your daily life ? 
  congratulations on having a higher chance of dying by breaking your neck than by being killed by a terrorist . 
  being in the same city as an attack does n't make you some connoisseur . 
  quite the contrary , it makes you way more biased . 
  you 're not understanding what * random * means in this case . 
  of course there was * some * reason . 
  if a meteorite falls on your head , there was a reason , a chain of events that led to it doing that . 
  random here refers to it being out of your control . 
  from your point of view , it is absolutely a random event , and can be modelled as such - you have a 1 in x chance of being killed by police one day , without any other factors involved on your end . 
  not sure why it 's so hard for you to grasp . 
  no , your way of reasoning about statistics is frankly shit . 
  what is your argument here ? 
  if your aim is to minimise the chances of dying prematurely , you 'd be far better off just not touching cars . 
  why are you accepting the possibility of dying in a car crash as a fact of life ? 
  mathematically , it is more effective to do that than to somehow eliminate terrorists . 
  of course , terrorists should be combated in any way possible . 
  no one is saying they should be ignored . 
  but that does n't mean it 's not true that they are , right now , an insignificant threat , and that you should look at your gun problems before pointing at others . 
  much more information is obtainable in the case of organised networks . 
  lone wolves can fly completely under the radar , since there 's literally no reason for them to be investigated before they strike - unless the right to privacy is thrown out the window , like in the us and now the uk . 
  even then , his statistics are bonkers . 
  there was a post somewhere else in the thread , rated true by politifact , showing that more have died because of gun violence than us military conflicts . 
  he 's including 9/11 , because obviously that 's just representative of life in the us . 
  really now ? 
  we 're talking about likelihood here , and you 're including 9/11 , which is a giant very-definition of an outlier . 
  please , tell me more about how i 'm being ` sensationalist ' , but only after you have a basic grasp of statistics . 
  if you are dealing with one random crazy attack versus one isis attack , then yes , it 's obviously harder to stop breivik than an isis fighter that you have intel on , since they 're all interconnected . 
  yeah , i just realised some police in romania do as well , i 've lived in the uk too long ... 
  however , from what i 've seen , european police are more restrained in using lethal force . 
  they 'll obviously be keeping watch on him , unless they 're far more incompetent than they seem . 
  feeling unsafe is ridiculous , you 're more likely to get run over by a car tomorrow than to be involved in a terrorist attack in the next year . 
  and being `` unsafe '' does not mean having a `` growing problem with safety '' . 
  [ avatar , too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaj6nmdc3sy ), 
  it became a political term the second ireland decided to make it one . 
  the intent does n't matter , just the fact that they can take offense at its use .
