  young people also fall prey to the propaganda , it 's easy for them to see europe as imperialistic opportunists , especially with romania backing them , when they speak russian and are raised with the soviet version of history . 
  by the looks of it , they 'll be leaning towards mother russia in the election , so it 'll still be popcorn-worthy . 
  corporations can pander to people just as well , especially if they are poor . 
  that 's very interesting !, 
  but it does hinge on the population being able to think critically about the points ( something that most education systems struggle with ) , understand what this is * really * about ( in less homogeneous countries , you can have a large underclass that is so uneducated that it is almost impossible to provide the necessary context in a booklet , as they are functionally illiterate ) and willing to engage with the material with an open mind . 
  having the opinion of the federal council there is something i had n't considered , though - if you still are n't certain on the topic , you can basically revert to indirect democracy , and follow their opinion . 
  switzerland really sounds like a better place every time i learn something new about it . 
  this has nothing to do with being smart or considerate , but with education . 
  average joe could absolutely vote on every issue if he knew all the facts and understood the possible implications . 
  but the ` average joe ' takes his information from few sources , more often than not biased , and does n't understand all the complexities in matters of economics or human rights , because most people do n't have access to quality education . 
  remember how a majority supported the death penalty in western countries as recently as the 90 's , or how many believe that the economy could be so easily solved if we did this one simple thing , how many have no idea how the internet works . 
  but , because of the dunning-kruger effect , many think they actually perfectly understand the issues and see no need to further inform themselves . 
  and believe me , being originally from romania , i have directly seen extremes of this . 
  the most uneducated have the strongest convictions , and even the average ion is sure of himself . 
  but the average joe in the uk is n't quite as adamant that he could save the world . 
  of course , this varies from country to country . 
  i 'd trust germany to have a higher level of direct democracy than romania , or the uk , owing directly to education . 
  direct democracy would be perhaps a perfect system , when voters know enough to self-select and choose not to vote when they know that they can not confidently make the right choice . 
  that 's because you have the wealth and education to back it up . 
  larger countries would be ruined if they had a vote whenever public opinion swayed one way or another . 
  so trump is almost hitler ? 
  what the heck does this have to do with the post ? 
  i take it maths is not your strong suit ... 
  besides , this demonstrates no ` ability ' , just natural variation , and the figure is still * huge * . 
  it could be 20 % and it would still be very , very large . 
  and i would n't call 7 years ( the initial figure was from around 2008 ) a ` short space of time ' . 
  right . 
  then explain all the `` muh sovereignty '' arguments , without resorting to `` we never voted for the people in brussels '', 
  seems to me like a lot of the pro-brexiters just have repressed feelings of annoyance at not being the world 's greatest country anymore , and want sovereignty for the sake of sovereignty , no matter if the eu-level decisions are beneficial or not ... 
  yes , 45 % as of november 2015 . 
  point still stands ... 
  the claim is n't giving rights , but protecting them . 
  think beyond the stated reason for the repeal : theresa may wants it rewritten to support her ideas of surveillance , banning encryption , removing citizenship from criminals and so on . 
  and the british public 's opinion has never been taken into consideration for human rights , nor should it . 
  for one , human rights are universal , not democratic . 
  also , you lot still wanted capital punishment till the 90 's , decades after it was abolished . 
  democracy is n't the best solution for everything . 
  the uk needs the eu more than the reverse . 
  and it would n't be childish , it would be a calculated move by many member states . 
  i do find it amusing , however , how most arguments seem to revolve around the economy , which is n't imo the most important factor here . 
  i 'm curious , since the economy would be the same in your view , why do you want to leave ? 
  and now want to repeal the human rights act , and introduce things like the snoopers ' charter . 
  without the eu to temper things , i 'm afraid what a tory government will try next . 
  the problem is quality . 
  the eu has far greater influence and can get a much better deal for itself . 
  china has no reason to give the uk a really good deal , whereas they 're forced to do so with the largest economy in the world . 
  same with the us and others . 
  the eu takes 57 % of british exports . 
  good luck with that . 
  of course , when you run out of arguments , you resort to insults . 
  but just fyi , yes , the eu will have a huge incentive to make the uk 's exit as painful as possible , to set an example . 
  you mean sheperd 's pie ? 
  i think it 's good , but nothing out of the ordinary , it 's basically a stew with mashed potatoes on top . 
  scotch eggs , on the other hand ... 
  not universities , usually , just their student unions and societies , hoping to score social justice points for their careers . 
  well then , i guess the rebranding is working ... 
  ... you thought russia today was n't russian ? 
  yes , in romanian it was tomas dorlent crupuld , spelling `` sunt lordul cap de mort '' as an aside , it 's weird how i remember this from over 10 years ago , but almost nothing from friday 's lectures ... 
  sounds like a polandball simulator . 
  private property is by definition not accessible to the public , nor is it designed for collective usage like a restaurant would be . 
  because there 's more of them , whole cities were demolished and rebuilt with brutalist architecture , and probably because disrepair makes them look even more dire . 
  that 's the uk . 
  same as the uk is proobably not called `` marea britanie '' , but `` regatul unit al marei britanii si irlandei de nord '' . 
  true , it 's more of a `` post-dictatorship '' mentality . 
  oops , i get carried away sometimes . 
  all `` orthodox '' churches are called [ eastern orthodox ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_orthodox_church ) , at least try to get your terms right . 
  and it does n't matter what `` the west '' calls it , as if that proves anything . 
  my point is that it 's a misnomer . 
  look , i understand logic is n't your strong point , but do try to follow . 
  calling it the `` orthodox christmas '' is a generalisation . 
  it means that it is generally applicable to all orthodox churches . 
  which it is n't , since it specifically only applies to churches in the russian sphere of influence , making it disingenuous to identify it with * all * orthodox churches . 
  i like to eat my milk with biscuits , does that mean that everyone eats an `` unsilviu breakfast '' ? 
  food for thought . 
  some orthodox churches follow a different calendar , but a large number , including the greek orthodox and the ecumanical patriarchate ( equivalent of rome ) celebrate christmas on the 25th . 
  it 's just wrong to call jan 7th an `` orthodox christmas '', 
  not orthodox christmas , russian ( old-rite ) christmas . 
   governing coalition led by social democrats and national liberals they 're the two largest parties , which are always competing against each other . 
  them joining forces makes no sense , since either can probably reach around 50 %, 
  might help to state your country . 
  trump & co. , i 'd imagine, 
   pre-contact americas had 30 to 50 million people 95 % of which died because of european disease long before they encountered europeans . 
  and regardless , genocide is genocide , smaller numbers do n't make it any less atrocious . 
  the only factors that you can take into account are intention and means of killing . 
   the people arrested are indeed guilty well , yes , i think that if you take any balkan/eastern european group of politicians , about 80 % of them will probably be corrupt . 
  ha , yeah , good luck getting `` decadent , atheist/heretic policies designed to destroy our orthodox , daco-roman heritage '' passed in romania before 2030 or so . 
  i do n't actually believe that , it 's just what i think the op 's point was . 
  tories, 
  yeah , i was just kidding , it 's basically mothballed in all but name . 
  [ technically ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_submarine_delfinul ) , i guess romania has a submarine , too . 
  you 're all sorts of special , are n't you ? 
   sovereignity why the hell would i care about sovereignty , as long as my personal freedoms are guaranteed ? 
  countries delimit a group of people . 
  if we can join a larger group of people with similar ideals , why not ? 
  it 's closer to a century than to a ` couple decades ' . 
  mate , your argument was that argentina has subs and bad english . 
  not only does one exception not invalidate the general rule , but your proof for it having bad english was anecdotal , making your entire argument meaningless . 
  it happens in cinemas , too . 
  they botched most jokes in the martian , and even turned things into their opposite ( his alarm was set off became his alarm turned off ) . 
  i dread seeing star wars this way .
