  as was ukraine for 20 years before maidan . 
   `` i was asked if a group of romanian men moved in next to you , would you be concerned ? 
  and if you lived in london , i think you would be . '', 
  yep , not xenophobic * at all * . 
  no , the guy 's really * that * sort of person . 
  immediately after the news broke , he was the only one politicising the issue here , saying the remain camp were hoping she was going to die . 
  let 's just call it the united earth empire , future-proofing your brand is important . 
  there have been plenty such in this case , economists throughout europe have warned of the consequences , as well as the bank of england , the financial times , and every private bank out there ( and say what you will about their morality , but a strong economy is definitely in their interest ), 
  in the meanwhile , you 're directly accusing them of being the scum of the earth by suggesting they 're `` hoping '' she dies . 
  pots and kettles , i say , you 're one of the few people i 've seen who are ready to politicise the issue . 
  i think he means that he wants a different , reformed eu , not necessarily an absence of union between countries . 
  and that is fine - the basic treaties of the eu accomplish its main objectives , but what powers it should have beyond that is very much up to each country 's citizens . 
  i do n't see why a multi-speed europe is such a terrible concept for brussels , when in reality there clearly are countries in the eu with very different outlooks and goals . 
  that 's like saying that because nuclear physics is hard even for experts , you could get a random bloke off the street to run your nuclear plant . 
  the system being complicated even for experts does n't mean they are n't still more qualified to understand it than the average joe . 
  every right-wing politician is going to get compared to hitler at some point , just as any left-winger will at some point be accused of being a `` filthy commie '' . 
  it 's an unfortunate result of emotional / snarky arguments having more sway than logic . 
  do n't know much about the guy , so i 'm not going to comment whether he actually is anything , all i 'm saying is that his ties to the jewish community are n't necessarily an argument against him being neo-nazi or far right or whatever . 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  there used to be jewish nazis before , y' know ... 
  a brexit weakens europe , and will increase tensions and uncertainty . 
  that helps russian strategic interests , if only because everyone will be too focused on internal matters to care about them . 
   responsible for letting them into the eu/euro afaik , greece literally lied about their economic situation to get inside the eu . 
  they were let in on false pretenses . 
  you 're tempted to vote leave because the other side hurt your feelings ? 
  how is that rational ? 
  those regulations form the `` european project '' , and those `` unelected officials '' include british officials , and they are elected , if you do n't participate in european politics , that 's your business . 
  the worst part is that ` nationalism ' is almost a dirty word , and most people will deny it . 
  hard to have a proper argument when you ca n't pinpoint the other party 's beliefs . 
  they 'll probably swing towards independence , but that is no longer economically feasible ( their lifeline from last time was oil , and prices have now plummeted ) . 
  if the eu ever federalises , though , i can see them seceding to it . 
  northern ireland is more interesting , though . 
  they are also pro-eu , and their lives would become infinitely more complicated after a brexit , due to an international border being established on the island ( currently , things are quite lax , because it 's an eu border , and because it allows the irish to come and go ) . 
  and unlike scotland , they can just choose to join another already well developed nation . 
  being in the single market means accepting eu laws without having a say in them ( that market must be regulated from somewhere , and it 's the eu 's market , eea countries just have access to it ) , as well as free movement , which flies in the face of leave 's desire to control eu immigration . 
   the only question that i think is really important is whether or not you want a county ruled by our elected officials or not . 
  why is this different from what you said ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  loxbridge incidentally contains probably the most anti-brexit parts of the uk , so it would probably rejoin the eu . 
  people are suggesting it might happen , but it just gets labeled as `` project fear '' . 
  everything negative you disagree with is scaremongering, 
  makes sense . 
  i actually wonder if there 'll be another referendum in a year if brexit wins , i have a feeling all that bluster of `` i 'd rather have a recession now if we get sovereignty '' will fade away when they see that recession means they lose their jobs . 
  on the contrary , a brexit would weaken the eu and give fuel to eurosceptics in other countries . 
  yes , but the american mafia quickly became its own thing , and organized crime became disproportionately run by italians , which is the point here . 
  italians started their primary wave of immigration around 1870 . 
  by 1880 , mafia members were being arrested . 
  specifics about prison populations are irrelevant , as we are talking about vastly different societies , you simply can not compare how americans made arrests in the 19th century with how european countries operate nowadays . 
  for one , i 'm fairly sure europe was more peaceful before immigration than the us before the italians came , so new immigrants will naturally cause more crime proportionally . 
  the fact here is that immigrants , regardless of origin , congregate and , because of various factors , tend to be more involved in crime , as the op explained . 
  the degree of this will vary , depending on circumstances , but the effect exists universally . 
  take your racism elsewhere . 
  the reality , as i mentioned above , is that the italians , upon reaching the us , formed the * us mafia * . 
  or do you just normally ignore things that disprove your statements ? 
   italian migrants into the us during the late 19th became drug dealers ever heard of the * fucking mafia * ? 
  what are you even suggesting ? 
  that italians and germans are inherently more likely to work than moroccans and nigerians ? 
  romania actually has the smallest number of guns per capita in europe . 
  there 's three reasons why i 'd like to see the uk stay in the eu - the economy ( i live here now , do n't want to start my working life in a period of economic turmoil ) , research ( uk universities are the best in europe and among the best in the world , but without eu funding / collaboration , they would be greatly diminished ) , and eu stability ( brexit would be a signal for the far right to destabilise it even further in other countries , and it 's terribly obvious how this falls right into putin 's agenda ) . 
  that being said , the uk really does not share the `` european culture '' that the rest of the western eu states have . 
  both culturally and politically , it 's somewhere in the middle between france/germany/etc , and the states . 
  i honestly think it should have just not joined in the first place , and only had a loose agreement ( for education , research , business , limites movement of workers ) , that politicians could n't rely on as a scapegoat . 
  but now , exiting would be quite traumatic , and needlessly affect many people . 
  of course , you 're right . 
  do n't know what i was thinking with the post above , when my initial point was that they have no ideology , period , just populist policies . 
  truth be told , i think the left-right dichotomy is one of the worst simplifications we have in politics , you 're putting several very different topics together and claiming you either accept the whole bunch on the left , or the one on the right . 
  ( as your example clearly shows ) . 
  just because they do n't have leftist values does n't mean they are n't leftists ? 
  what ? 
  they are to the right of some european conservative parties . 
  what aspects of their `` ideology '' do you think belong to the left ? 
  an ideology implies just that , adherence to a set of beliefs about morality , politics , economics etc. 
  when you 're literally just saying / doing what you think will get you the most votes , without any underlying reasoning , there is no ideology involved , just demagoguery . 
  naturally , this happens everywhere to some extent , but the pretense of following left/right ideology at least makes politicians predictable in places like western europe / the us . 
  here , it 's literally the law of the jungle in politics . 
  people swing from party to party and remake alliances while in office like it 's nothing . 
  just to clarify , they 're not really leftists . 
  they appeal to religion , nationalism and pass tax breaks . 
  ideology means nothing in romania . 
  we usually get cheap smuggled cigarettes from moldova . 
   zero hour contracts give companies the tools to employ workers for the actual workload the company has , rather than doing a big job with too few employees or a small job with too many . 
  which has the side effect of keeping all those employees in financial uncertainty . 
  giving businesses the tools they want is not what we 're discussing here , there are * plenty * of things you can do to help businesses . 
  the issue is that such contracts affect the poorest negatively . 
  those who have difficulty finding any job are forced to accept any offer they get ( especially in light of the ridiculous treatment they get from the dwp these days ) , but do n't have financial security from that job . 
  surely you see how this is detrimental to them ? 
   this is not just about one company though . 
  just because a worker does work with a company on a zero hour contracts does n't mean the worker is shackled to that company . 
  the worker can take the skills and experience they have gained and apply for other jobs as they choose . 
  first off , this has nothing to do with your initial point , that companies hiring on zhc 's magically leads to full-time employment . 
  but in regards to your new point , you seem not to understand that , for the people affected by this , getting any job is difficult . 
  you ca n't just assume that if they `` do n't like it '' , they 'll find work in another place . 
   i 'm from the uk , we are the inventors of capitalism and it was here where the industrial revolution began . 
  we understand the net benefits of a free and liberated employment market , in my country we have seen the net benefits of this first hand . 
  mate , you can drop the condescending crap . 
  maybe go and pick up a history book , the uk did in no way * invent * the concept of capitalism . 
  unless you mean industrial capitalism , which is pretty different from the general concept . 
  and there is a clear difference between a `` free market '' and a `` laissez-faire '' market . 
  hiring children would be beneficial to business , and provide those children with vital experience . 
  both sides benefit , right ?
