  russia have behaved like the hugest dicks for hundreds of years now . 
  it 's not a fair price , especially since this is something that russia did in most other places it invaded . 
  every single new land had forced deportations and repopulation with native russians . 
  and yes , the allies agreed to allow russia control of eastern europe . 
  that does n't mean it was the right thing to do . 
  but the alternative was going to war against stalin there and then , which the war-weary public would have never accepted . 
  if you 're from there , it 's what you 've probably been always told . 
  but it is not so . 
  the atrocities of the nazi regime do not justify destroying the lives of ordinary people in konigsberg , and invading their land . 
  these people had nothing to do with the decisions their leaders made , in the same way that your grandparents had nothing to do with stalin 's atrocities . 
  and before you say that what the red army did was justified , remember that before hitler invaded russia , he and stalin had a treaty that divided europe . 
  stalin invaded finland , besserabia and bukovina before ever being attacked . 
  and let 's not even go into ethnic cleansing and deportations to siberia . 
  the soviets ' atrocities against others were just as unjustified as the nazis ' . 
  yeah , it had been a german city for a thousand years , and was the birthplace of people like immanuel kant , e.t.a. 
  hoffmann , or christian goldbach . 
  then most of it was destroyed during wwii , and the native population uprooted by the soviets . 
  nowadays , it 's something like 99 % russian . 
  i think he was referring to nukes . 
  in that case , you do n't understand what proficiency means . 
  you could still express yourself equally as well in any of the languages , it 's just easier to combine the best aspects of each . 
  quite a few , actually . 
  most of my non-english friends would probably know these words . 
  vocabulary is simply about memorising words . 
  i do n't see why you think it 's that hard to bridge the gap as a second-language speaker , when you 're actively learning at a much faster pace than the average native speaker . 
  you 're probably right about idioms , but trust me , the average 12 year-old native speaker will have a much more limited vocabulary than someone who is deliberately learning the language , immersing themselves in books/movies/shows / forums . 
  moreover , on average , native speakers make way more spelling mistakes than those who learned english as their second language . 
  no ... as i just explained , you can be proficient in both at a native level , and still have the tendency to mix them . 
  growing up multilingual actually affects the physical structure of the brain , and it 's been shown that it takes slightly longer to form words , because thinking becomes uncoupled from the language you express your thoughts in . 
  you think about what you 're trying to express , but then words come up from either language , randomly , depending on a variety of factors . 
  sometimes it has to do with your environment ( what is being spoken around you ) , other times it 's just naturally easier to express something in a language or another . 
  granted , it is jarring for those who are n't used to it , and there * is * a certain element of `` oh , look at me , i 'm so cool , i do n't speak this lame language anymore '' , but the main reason for it is what i described above . 
  the most probable thing is that you 're talking out of your ass , without any knowledge of what actually happened . 
  it does n't show any lack of development , it 's just the natural thing to do when speaking two languages from a young age : you find some words quicker in one language or the other , and so you mix the two . 
  robinet means `` water tap '' in romanian . 
  to be fair , `` remove kebab '' is extremely catchy . 
  that 's a different problem , nuclear payload vs delivery system . 
  not all nukes have to be icbm 's . 
  numbers are n't really that important . 
  nuke production is limited by `` necessity '' , not by resources . 
  getting that first nuke done is the real hurdle . 
  it 's quite obvious if you look at them , really . 
  characterizing the romanian ethnicity is quite difficult , even more difficult than the culture ( the language is generally what 's associated with romanian culture , and is based on vulgar latin , with a significant slavic influence and a few remaining dacian words ) genetically , as far as i know , the area is a sort of mix between the neighbouring west , east and south of europe . 
  the traditional narrative is that the population originated as a mix between the indigenous dacians and roman colonists ( `` roman blood '' is even mentioned in our anthem ) , but if that is the case , their contributions have been rather diluted after about a dozen waves of invasions , from goths to mongols , magyar , and slavs . 
  despite this , though , the culture retained its specific , a very rural society , agrarian in the plains and herders in the mountains . 
  gypsies arrived around a thousand years ago from northern india , members of the lowest caste , the `` unthouchables '' . 
  here , they were taken as servants and/or enslaves for hundreds of years ( in the rest of europe they were usually just killed ) , until the 1850 's . 
  they are easily distinguishable , mostly by the colour of their skin . 
  they are also the champions of understatement - hence the parent comment also , it would be incredibly ironic if ukip were actually responsible for making the eu more cohesive in the long run . 
  true . 
  the reason why gypsies act the way they do is that they have been separate from the rest of the population for hundreds of years , and never allowed to integrate into society . 
  they were even enslaved up until 150 years ago ( something that is n't mentioned in our textbooks * at all * ) their antisocial behaviour , helping themselves in any way necessary , was developed by discrimination . 
  what ? 
  it 's a statistical truth that most of the poorest romanian immigrants in europe are ethnically rromani . 
  i did n't say it was their fault in any way , there was no prejudice in my statement . 
   spaniards did n't exterminate the south-american natives [ lol ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_of_indigenous_peoples#spanish_colonization_of_the_americas ), 
  that `` romania is actually named for the indigenous romani people '' . 
  he either worded the answer very poorly , or is a troll . 
  the majority population of romania is ethnically romanian , which is separate from the minority rromani popululation that is mostly responsible for begging/stealing in london , or eating the swans in vienna . 
  that is spacey , it sounds like something straight out of mass effect 1 . 
  also a lot of euroscepticism from russian and tatar minorities , as well as brainwashed natives , slowing progress . 
  your sarcasm is misplaced here . 
  it 's russia that annexed them from romania , russia added transnistria to the ssr and built all the industry there , and russia supported the separatists since the beginning . 
  russia also deported a large proportion of the native romanian population and replaced them with russian immigrants , and enforced the use of the russian language everywhere , leading to difficulties in european integration . 
  moldova is where it is today solely because of russia . 
  yeah ... no . 
  90 % of border guards would let anyone through for a big enough bribe . 
  corruption is still commonplace there . 
  i kind of know what you mean , i mostly live abroad as a student now , and coming back * was * kind of refreshing , the lack of urban planning makes our cities feel more organic . 
  but as a city dweller , i can tell you that most of what you see , in any city , is the exact same style of architecture . 
  everything looks like [ this ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/place/prim%c4%83ria+roman/@46.925017,26.9293,3a,75y,28.5h,84.01t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1svueeppposyfb36ua0mm5ww!2e0!4m2!3m1!1s0x40cabcd03e111365:0x6c77b1b6a2dbc8f7?hl=en ) . 
  the city shots you linked are mostly interbellum architecture . 
  this used to be found everywhere in romania , but now only several such streets remain in any city , due to what i said above , it was all demolished to make way for ceausescu 's grand plans . 
  [ this is one of the less lucky streets ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/@46.92513,26.922518,3a,75y,86.58h,88.04t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sgvnen9s4j8rmgr9xsyo4qg!2e0?hl=en ) , and further down it was completely transformed into the admittedly unique [ this ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/@46.92225,26.925727,3a,73.2y,154.44h,94.13t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sr-rftkykcgxsvto7k3t0dw!2e0?hl=en ), 
  interesting means something that attracts one 's interest . 
  what that is can vary , it 's not fixed for all people . 
  i could see someone finding a peaceful country interesting , given how rare that is . 
  not everything has a clear cut definition . 
  as a completely related aside , you 're a mathmo , right ? 
  there are few remaining buildings like the ones you mentioned left in romania , most were demolished to make way for ugly communist architecture . 
  never heard of that saying , what 's it like in romanian ? 
  i doubt moldova would fall , if `` separatists '' start trouble there would be significant pressure for romania to get involved . 
  yep , he 's clearly trying to distance himself from putin while avoiding little green men demanding that belarus rejoin mother russia . 
  official or non-official , you should be able to have whatever name you want . 
  your can replace bulgaria with romania in that post , it 's ridiculous how nationalistic the school curriculum is . 
  you are failing to see the point . 
  the whole idea is that dutch , belgian , scandinavian prisons are veering away from the idea of punishment and deterrence , and instead use imprisonment simply as a way to isolate antisocial individuals and integrate them . 
  the method is similar , but the reasoning behind it is * not * to punish , the reinforcement is positive , not negative ,, 
  no , that 's just it , this vindictive attitude is exactly what they got rid of . 
  no , that had little to do with them leaving , most emigrated voluntarily in the 80 's as part of finance agreements, 
  you asked about his president . 
  he answered . 
  but more importantly , why on earth are you typing out your accent ? 
  all minority germans were offered the chance to emigrate to germany at some point during the communist era . 
  do you need help interpreting an obvious sentence ? 
  i just looked it up , i [ kind of misremembered ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmb3ywzma88 ) , the question was `` where does the sun go at night '' . 
  the answers were along the lines of `` uh ... you know , it goes at the place , where it goes . 
  '' , or `` well , we see that the rays are n't as strong as they were during the day '' , and `` the moon is n't what it was , there are planets that appeared next to it '' . 
  literally unable to give any answer , when asked `` what is the sun ? '', 
   i refuse to believe that people could really be that stupid .
