   semi-colonial relationship username checks out . 
  nu esti normal la cap, 
  if they were mistreated and considered second-class citizens , yeah ? 
  there 's nothing to investigate , the evidence is overwhelming . 
  but the fact that you 're calling it a stereotype makes me think you fit into the aforementioned category ... 
  only neo-nazis , who are far-right , or complete morons are holocaust skeptics . 
  though since neo-nazis are , by definition , complete morons , you 're right , you do n't have to be far-right to doubt it , just a moron . 
  and this is n't to mention the social aspects . 
  if admitted , moldova would probably be the most conservative , deeply religious and corrupt state in the eu . 
  yes , how dare they take a measure that objectively improves the lives of everyone involved ? 
  muh sovereignty !!!!, 
  that 's not how jimmy would put it . 
  anne 's predecessor was william of orange , a dutch stadtholder who invaded and unseated james ii, 
  third time 's the charm ? 
  yes , they 're closest culturally to the east , but i think they 're distinctive enough to be classed separately . 
  i think of it as there being two `` southern europes '' , the balkans and the italy + / - spain mediterranean states , with greece sharing characteristics of both . 
  you forgot the dutch , right after the scots . 
  people got thrown out of a window ... again . 
  some unrest followed . 
  yes , the balkans are decidedly in the south of europe , and are also culturally different from eastern europe, 
  well , if you do n't implement actual reforms / crack down on corruption and tax evasion , it will be because of lack of willingness . 
  if you do these things and things still go south , it 'll obviously be the eu 's mistake . 
  research is crippled by lack of funding and a lack of academic honour . 
  it 's hard to build up a strong research community when plagiarism is so prevalent . 
  i think the attitude of most people is that they would n't be against it ideologically , it 's just that circumstances are currently against it . 
  it 's quite possible for reunification to become feasible within the next 20 years . 
  what makes you think he understands german ? 
  the languages may be similar , but not identical . 
  oh , i agree , it would be beautiful if it could be implemented , as it would mean everyone was educated and interested in the world around them . 
  but i do n't see it being possible for quite some time . 
  it 's not a direct democracy . 
  it does have a lot of referendums , but that is only possible because switzerland is a very small , homogenous state with a highly educated populace . 
  yet it 's better than the alternative when it comes to complex choices . 
  most people do n't currently have the education or the time to grasp all the implications of decisions . 
  just think of how reactionary voting is , and how easily populism can sway people . 
  implementing actual direct democracy would be disastrous . 
  you ca n't compare the situation , as only a handful of your states were autonomous , and for a short time . 
  european states have developed autonomously for over a millenium now . 
  yet your culture is different from that of scandinavia . 
  you share a lot more of your recent history with soviet states and warsaw pact countries than with them . 
  true democracy ? 
  those voting had no idea what they were voting for ( quite literally , different people took the vote to be for different things , some took it at face value , others considered it a vote for the eu , etc. 
  there is a reason why the world has moved past direct democracy . 
  right , i was confusing it with strategically deciding not to vote a smaller party like ukip because fptp would mean the vote is useless . 
  but those were afaik because of the shy tory effect , specific to fptp , which is unlikely to happen here, 
  after 1968 , romania distanced itself from and criticized the ussr . 
  it was not a puppet government . 
  except that round of austerity literally brought down the regime and caused the leader and his wife to be executed in a kangaroo court . 
  ... your point being ? 
  tu quoque is n't a response to the fact that greece is doing nothing to address the issue . 
  it 's not romania that 's going broke right now . 
  right , nevermind , i misunderstood the original comment . 
  so , in your opinion , some immigrants are n't immigrants ? 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  science refers to investigation and research . 
  of course you would n't call public administrators scientists , in the same way you would n't a chemical engineer working in a factory . 
  but someone that studies politics * is * a scientist , as are computer scientists and mathematicians , and many others . 
  you do n't get to decide what constitutes `` science '' based on what people you know think . 
  have you watched the news this past couple years or so ? 
  if they 're not critical of the kremlin , they 're probably controlled by it . 
  what do you mean by `` no has a special meaning in greece '' ? 
  like computer science , it 's a formal science . 
  mathematics * is * science . 
  it is formally classed as a formal science . 
  yes , it does , there 's a reason why modern democracies are representative : regular joe generally thinks he knows a lot more than he actually does , so it 's best that he leave the complicated decisions to experts . 
  so you 'd rather nothing be done against a country that invades and annexes parts of its neighbours ? 
  you ca n't claim that , since most of them most likely do n't understand all of the economic implications . 
  it 's like having a class of kids democratically decide to go and play with the nice , fluffy tiger . 
  why ? 
  so he can get a nice pat on the back from putin ? 
  romania is n't an ex-soviet country . 
  because , after wwii , many romanians were deported or killed , and a significant russian minority was brought in . 
  and after that , the entire population endured a process of ` russification ' , and it was dangerous to speak romanian for a long time . 
  this has led to a confused national identity , with many still buying the `` romanians occupied moldova , and we liberated it '' narrative the soviets constructed , and russian is still a secondary , or even primary language even in areas with few ethnic russians . 
  if the commission governed romania directly , instead of a mob-like parliament that repeatedly protects its members from prosecution , and a pm for whom lying is a way of life , we 'd be much better off right now . 
  you ca n't possibly be oblivious to why this is different from previous visits : not only is russia now openly hostile to the west again , but the proximity to the negotiations makes it a clear threat : either give in to tspiras ' demands , or greece will join russia . 
  surely you see why that is just not acceptable . 
  right , he went to russia in between negotiations simply to say hi , without any further implications . 
  was that before or after tspiras paid putin a visit ? 
  christopher lee was . 
  that 's the problem , a big argument people have is that greek governments have maintained unsustainably high wages and pensions , for fear of losing votes . 
  yup , the exact same thing happened in romania . 
  however , this would be a different situation . 
  for one , they would n't be able to loan any more money , significantly slowing their recovery . 
  their worst move was , for me , when they visited russia and held a speech there . 
  threatening those who are keeping you on life support is the most idiotic move imaginable . 
  apparently , he really is n't . 
  so close you can almost reach out and anschluss it !, 
  true , the intent was different . 
  but still , countless people died because of stalin , in war , deportations , genocide ( the holomodor ) . 
  `` an eye for an eye '' solves nothing . 
  you repay nazi atrocities by remembering their evil for a thousand years , and ensuring tyranny never again takes hold in europe , not by destroying a population that had lived there for a thousand years . 
  revisionism ? 
  you do n't know the meaning of the word , apparently . 
  i 'm not disputing the atrocities the nazis committed , but ordinary people had nothing to do with them . 
  it 's disturbing to realise that `` an eye for an eye '' is still a valid philosophy for russians . 
  and you think people should pay for the actions of their leaders ? 
  i 'd like to see you queue up to repay putin 's crimes against ukraine and georgia . 
  since then ? 
  russia was in league with the nazis and invaded parts of eastern europe before hitler turned against them , and they all of a sudden played the victim .
