  you do realise that would be ridiculously easy to fake ? 
  every backwards fundamentalist knows what western values are , they just reject them . 
  your ancestors used to live in a church ? 
  in the case of a scexit , would it be renamed to the united kingdom of england , wales , cornwall and northern ireland ? 
  `` as european citizen '' , you are delusional if you think russia would be as contained as it is today without a us presence on the continent . 
  there 's a reason why every country bordering them is either inside their sphere of influence , or completely opposed to them and literally inviting us troops to defend them . 
  maybe once we have an eu defense force , then we can start reducing the us military presence , but until then , they are literally the only thing standing between russia and us . 
  you 're shifting the discussion . 
  what the soviet union did 50 years ago has nothing to do with what is happening today ( for one , there are no nukes involved , and kaliningrad is n't exactly comparable to the entire mainland us ) , and the point stands that if a russian ship were near the us coast today , the discussion would be about why it 's there . 
  the media is talking about the jets because there 's no question about why us ships are in international waters , protecting nato states . 
  and it 's not just about `` protecting their borders '' , as you are framing it , since they have the exact same behaviour everywhere - making provocative passes , while completely ignoring radio calls . 
  of course they should n't be shot down , that would be completely needless and beyond idiotic , but do n't claim that they 're just doing what everyone else would . 
  any normal country would just send aircraft to circle the area and * communicate * their displeasure , by * speaking * , none of this macho bs . 
  well , they only really went into the empire business after ivan grozny , before that they were just another regional power . 
  it 's hard to claim they were the worst when competing against the likes of the british empire , but they 're still the only case i know of a country annexing parts of its ally after fighting a war on their behalf . 
  ( romanian war of independence ; imagine if france had claimed massachusetts in 1783 ), 
  yes , it would be more important to know what a russian warship was doing there . 
  the us ship was there to at the request of nato states . 
  and russia since the 19th century . 
  please tell me you are n't voting in the eu referendum . 
  fuck shit tits hell damnation cunty mcfuckbutts . 
  reddit is a curse-friendly place , mate . 
  oh , i know things are looking bad for them if they leave . 
  but what makes you think logic will prevail ? 
  it was neck and neck before , now it would be a contest between a sense of outrage fomented by the snp , and the reality of the economic situation . 
  i mean , looking at the economic reality for the uk as a whole in the case of a brexit , things are uncertain at best , yet it 's still looking quite likely you 'll leave and hope that the economic issues will be temporary . 
  scotland, 
  the first impulse would probably be to turn the me into the world 's largest optical telescope . 
  well , this is awkward , i think i 'm the one who actually misread your initial comment , the romanian gdp is indeed 200 bln . 
  easy there , bruh . 
  we 're getting about 20 billion total for 2014-2021 , which amounts to , as the op said , between 2 and 3 billion each year . 
  do n't waste your breath . 
  this same idiot told me yesterday that `` gypsies only understand fear and beatings '' . 
  or maybe it 's so popular , there are far more registered listeners than callers . 
  except , y' know , high standards of living , increased tolerance ( gay marriage is a left-wing policy , you 'll recall ) , and less poverty than if those policies were n't there . 
  who 's king oli ? 
  is it a nickname ? 
  ca n't find anything on google . 
   their mps  romanian flair ... wat ? 
  i 'm fairly sure none of those are surnames . 
  the medieval age generally ended before 1500 , we are talking about events taking place in the 19th century and later , when ethnicity and national identity had almost completely solidified . 
  i definitely aggree with you that any change should be accepted by a significant proportion of both nations . 
  personally , as a romanian moldavian , i 'm not even sure i want it to happen , it would be the same as south korea reuniting with the north , dragging us down economically and infrastructurally . 
  but the fact remains that moldova is a deliberate , artificial , invention of russia , making it different from other diverging countries / ethnicities . 
  any difference between moldovans and moldavians was engineered to create a feeling of otherness . 
  these people could lead much better lives if they had all the facts , but as is the case in ukraine , russia will do what it can to prevent its sphere of influence from further decaying . 
  you really are a special one , are n't you ? 
  i was referring to the fact that your statement was trivially wrong , it 's as wrong as claiming ukraine was never part of russia . 
  what is your point , anyway ? 
  ukraine is now ethnically and linguistically different from russia , has been for countless centuries , and the change happened naturally . 
  moldavians are ethnically romanian , always were ( historically , we always called ourselves vlachs or rumanians ) , and any sense of separation is due to intense ussr propaganda , so completely artificial . 
  from the perspective of the moldavian state , russia illegally annexed half of it , then the legitimate moldavian state decided to form a union called romania . 
  in 1918 , moldova itself called for union after the fall of your little empire . 
  moldova never decided to be part of russia , but both its halves separately decided to be part of romania . 
  all your points are russian propaganda , pure and simple . 
  they 've already announced they 'll go separatist if any union happens . 
  if moldova does join romania again , yes , they 'll have to let you go , you think we want an even more backwards and corrupt region than moldova , filled with ultranationalist russians like you ? 
  you 're the definition of brainwashed , they 've inoculated hatred in you for no reason . 
  i pity you , you 're another victim of russian politics , living in your little bubble of military dictatorship , and you do n't even know it . 
  right . 
  it was n't acknowledged for the same reason no one is acknowledging taiwan - they did n't want to piss off the more important ussr , which denied the validity of the union , despite it being requested by besserabia in the first place after the collapse of your little empire . 
  you 'll also note that the union spared besserabia the wonders of life under lenin and stalin for a few decades , which would have been a plus even if they 'd been russians . 
  and i 'm not sure what your point is with the second paragraph . 
  yes , the holocaust did happen . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  transnistria is n't even part of historical moldavia , it was tacked on by the ussr to aid in russification . 
  russia is free to have that little shithole back if unification ever happens , though i doubt ukraine would be happy about that . 
   we do n't deserve having a country . 
  username checks out . 
  the link above literally shows that present-day moldova was a part of romania , it was that way between 1918-1941 . 
  and whether they are part of romania or not , they are ethnically romanian . 
  romania was formed to encompass all those who identified as romanian , and had done so for centuries . 
  before being annexed by russia , they were part of a romanian voyvodate . 
  them drifting away from romania nowadays is the direct result of cultural repression by russia , in every possible way ( changing the name of their language to `` moldovan '' , punishing those who called themselves romanian with execution or and deportation to siberia , use of russian in schools , resettling ethnic russians , etc ), 
  what does the name matter ? 
  they are great at what they do - providing interesting images of various stuff . 
  right , so it is fptp 's fault in the end - two-party systems are almost always the ones fptp converges to , because of its all-or-nothing nature . 
  the uk seemed to escape that for a while , then people went right back to labour and tories . 
  and yeah , the republicans have gone to puritan la la-land lately , which is why trump looks like a good alternative . 
  i think libertarians like ron paul are the closest to his viewpoint that still have a voice , albeit a small one . 
  if so many think so , then why is there no meaningful safety net in place ? 
  is it just that extreme opinions propagate because of fptp ? 
  real-life rhaegar . 
  dunno , that main chorus is catchy as hell . 
  i 've eaten plenty . 
  when it 's made well , it 's good , but a fair bit worse than the continental equivalent . 
  all the best things are imported foods . 
  yes , i am making a claim , i did preface it with `` i think '' , showing that it 's a gut feeling , i did n't bother to research , no one asked me to , i am under no obligation to . 
  but instead of acting like a smug ass , you could have easily used your own data to reach the same conclusion - by your own data , over 130 people died without there being an attack in progress that caused the intervention . 
  in europe , there were around 150 deaths from terrorism last year . 
  accounting for population difference , the result is clear , by your own argument , and this is completely ignoring non-police shootings . 
  like several others , you 're confusing `` higher chance '' with `` high chance '' . 
  of course there 's a tiny chance of any of these happening , but these us events are more likely than terrorist attacks in europe , especially given a population well in excess of 1 billion . 
  just trying one more time : you are a us citizen . 
  you are minding your own business . 
  there is a chance that , one day , you will get killed by police mistaking you for a criminal and going gung-ho with a gun . 
  you can quantify that chance , mathematically say that you have a particular probability of that happening to you , regardless of who you are . 
  that is random , and can be compared to the chance of being killed by a terrorist . 
  * please * , i 'm actually really curious here , what in that is not logical ? 
  oops .
