  turning a country into a police state plays right into their hands . 
  in before shills try to discredit the source because ` oh no , uyghur propaganda ! ', 
  the threat that terrorists pose on our society absolutely pales in comparison to the damage we can do to it out of fear . 
  it 's poop . 
  it 's poop , is n't it ? 
   and you did n't even need to kill a single jew for it !, 
  oh ... that may be a wee bit of an exaggeration ... and by ' a bit of an exaggeration ' i mean it as an euphemism for hundreds of jews skinned alive and hanged upside down on meat racks . 
   yes but capitalism insists it 's a good thing and should be maintained . 
  the private ownership of the means of production is a person and insists that owning the means of production be tied to white collar crime ? 
  what does capitalism have to do with any of this ? 
  rich and powerful people have been given preferential treatment for thousands of years before capitalism existed . 
  more people need to say this , especially since this rise in xenophobic rhetoric is running in large part on emotion : 130 people murdered in paris is small . 
  it 's an absolutely horrible set of events , but the direct effect is small . 
  your chances of being picked off by muslim terrorists are effectively zero . 
  edit : before someone starts foaming at the mouth , no , i am not in favor of unchecked immigration either . 
  one of the posters in the thread mentioned that there is no general ban face covering articles like masks . 
  hmm let me check the list ... yep , i 'm good . 
  now then ... `` ratatatatatata !, 
  chk chk ratatatata veeeeooooom boom !, 
  i 'm pinned down i need backup ! '', 
  `` sit tight i 'm opening cover fire !, 
  bang bang !, 
  bang bang !, 
  bang bang !, 
  gunther nooo !, 
  you bastards ! '', 
  i hate symbols of oppression like the burka and nakib as much as the next bloke , but banning articles of clothing for the sole reason that they are offensive is pretty out there ... 
  actually you can , at least in the united states where the truism originates from , and you 're basically proving the guy 's point as you compare a common arabic phrase that 's mostly the equivalent of ` oh my god ' with shouting ` fire ' in a theater . 
  free speech advocacy got played because free speech was upheld in court whaaaa ? 
  sorry i was talking about reaction engines ltd. 
  they 've been given nearly dick-all for the skylon project , less than a hundred million pounds . 
  that 's pocket change when talking about cutting edge aerospace r&d . 
  no one said 50 % of anyone profit from corruption . 
  the second post in the comment tree was sarcastic , i have to believe . 
  the first post in the tree was partially wrong , she also gets hate from , and let 's be reasonable here , plenty of useful idiots who are scammed into railing against their own interests . 
   how does a psd 's supporter profit from their corruption ? 
  they do n't . 
  for one reason or another many refuse to acknowledge that it 's a problem or that it even exists . 
   do they give money to their voters ? 
  sometimes . 
  you might remember the `` sugar and oil '' meme , i think it went back as far as the 90s . 
  poor voters would accept petty bribes in exchange for support at the ballot , but that 's not really the appeal of the social democratic party . 
  while there certainly is voter fraud , their main cause for success is that they are populists and they pander to the voters who are the most likely to go out and vote but are least likely to be well informed in the age of the internet , which is to say old people . 
  i do n't know how many is ` many ' and i 'm not going to deny anything , but i really ca n't remember the last time i read anyone calling the russian people evil rather than just the government ( though it 's hard not to make any negative remarks when more than 85 % of the population supports putin ) . 
   aged above 30 meaning anyone in their mid life to senior years . 
  average out the ages and you get old people . 
  yeah i 'm sure that 's exactly what this ` r/europe ' fellow said . 
  what a worthless argument , the ` but [ subreddit ] told me x ' . 
  no , it did n't . 
  that 's the selective impression you were left with after you read posts that did n't agree with your political views . 
  maybe next time debate the actual argument and not just a pile of straws . 
  there 's really no need for snark , the comment you 're replying to is fairly easy to figure out . 
  to spell it out , the poster meant that old people are the most likely to be hardline supporters of the social democrats , the most corrupt political party in romania . 
  it sounds like you need to learn to pick your battles . 
  being ` overly ' afraid of a nuke war and , er , ostracizing people who are n't is right about at the bottom of the list of social injustices and the least convincing example of group think . 
  you know , making sarcastic hyperboles like that only works if the thing you 're defending is n't actually worse than the similes you 're using . 
  because nuclear war is worse than all those things . 
  seriously what the hell is the matter with you ? 
  insurgencies are n't an existential threat to a nation 5000 miles away . 
  iraq 's ability to wage effective war was crushed within weeks , and both times it was achieved through relentless air strike campaigns . 
  i do n't see it that way . 
  the restrictions on libel/slander , direct threats of violence or divulging vital state secrets to an enemy are fundamentally different than the extra restrictions you approve of because they cause tangible harm independently of the ` victim 's ' ability to shrug off offensive speech . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks you should literally be able to say anything , like making slanderous claims or telling someone that you 're coming over to bash their skulls in . 
   every nation on the planet already has circumstances where certain forms of speech are considered illegal or criminal . 
  but you can use that argument to justify any form of repression on personal freedoms . 
   same with gates . 
  start giving contraceptive injections before you start vaccinating . 
  `` if you do n't want to die from malaria you have to agree not to make more filthy offsprings you undesirable subhuman !, 
  what do you mean why are n't my people required to forgo reproduction in exchange for medical assistance ? 
  oh you naive savage ! '', 
  yes . 
  the spot next to the house of parliament and it 's overshadowing height were chosen specifically as an anti-communist symbol . 
  neither is the emperor, 
  the bad parts are why they are so relentless in pushing the deal . 
  we 'll just agree to disagree guys !, 
  i love that there 's infighting even between supporters of nanny state policies over what kind of moral grandstanding a thing should be banned . 
  looks like he 's still in high school , but the flair is accurate , though . 
  is this for real or are you trying on some next level kind of satire here ? 
  we 'll just have them say they 're speaking irish . 
  op figures are in 1990 's dollars . 
  there is an example in this same thread on what the comic might be trying to express  the image is provocative and shows that we as a country should do more to avoid these tragedies because this wo n't be the only earthquake that will ever happen in italy , and also , many buildings that were rebuilt according to our laws to avoid the seismic risk fell down during the cataclysm . 
  in the end , the image is really ugly . 
  no idea if that 's hebdo 's intent , though that 's one take on it , which would make it a satirical piece . 
  but that just goes to show that maybe people should give well known satirical publications the benefit of the doubt with regards to whether their magazine features are satirical or not . 
  they would n't become more separate , they 'd be sticking with the eu . 
  butthurt romanian checking in, 
  i 'm not really into trolling . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  yeah they should be grateful the ussr was n't quite as evil as the fucking nazis . 
  so much for correcting historical injustices , huh ? 
  do n't be fooled by the apparent lack of chinese , they walk among us !, 
  ^ the ^ walls ^ have ^ eaaars, 
  it depends on whether it 's a defensive war and on who 's invading . 
  if we 're being attacked by a liberal country like , say , france , then i could n't be arsed to care . 
  what would be the motivation for risking my life here , that one of the colours on our flag might change ? 
  if , on the other hand , it 's russia or , worse , china ... yeah i 'd probably still bolt for the nearest safe country but i like to think that i would n't !, 
  that 's just for june . 
  good , good !, 
  now get us their names , pictures , bios , and tips on where they hang out !, 
   it 's possible for both to coexist .
