   since the $ introduction italy lost around 25 % of its industry . 
  would n't that be true of most developed countries ? 
  because of outsourcing and automation , i mean . 
  right , well , good job scoring points for your team instead of taking 1 nanosecond to do a bit of self reflection when faced with what should have been a harrowing prospect . 
  you 're still missing the point , which is that you 're doing apologetics for the direct and indirect murder of 100 million instead of doing what someone who is n't drunk with ideology would do - either condemn it or just walk away . 
  it 's your defense of the whole thing that 's liable to send shivers down someone 's spine . 
  you 're so blinded by your convictions that you can no longer see that ( i assume that you once could ) . 
  hold up . 
  take a breath . 
  now look at what you wrote . 
  take a look at what you 're using whataboutism to distract from , and then ask yourself how did it get to this point . 
  want to know why you choose ` billion trillion ' as a sarcastic figure ? 
  because that 's the sort of number you need if you want to exaggerate on the ~ 100 million killed by communist regimes during peace time . 
  yes , but they 're closer to right wing populists than social democrats . 
  russia was , er ... updated ... through slave labor , forced urbanization and rural genocide . 
  no one here is blind to it . 
  unfettered capitalism can be fairly dangerous . 
  communism has always been dangerous at best and apocalyptic at worst . 
  there is no silver lining with the former . 
   you realize that with capitalism germany ended up in a position where it was cheaper to burn money than buy fuel , sure right after losing ww1 and being subject to the treaty of versailles . 
  if a champion of ones ` bloodline ' turns out to be a mouthbreather then what does that really say about said bloodline ? 
  you 're a strong counterpoint to your own claim , dipshit . 
  `` since we lived in a much tougher climate that required mental and physical strenght . 
  the governments in 1984 could not dream of the mass surveillance mechanisms that the 5 eyes use , not in their wettest of authoritarian dreams . 
   same thing here , just saying he 's bulgarian while correct is potentially stigmatising to all of bulgarian people , so specifying he 's a gypsy can at least put things in perspective . 
  yeah god forbid the glorious arian ubermensch be at any point confused with a lowly gypsy , the stigmatization !, 
  killing them would be merciful , really . 
  do n't we have enough of those already ? 
  oh hey our very own truthers i guess romania is a modern nation now . 
  i 'm sorry for what you had to go through , that definitely falls into the slimy shit that should be dealt with harshly . 
  the point i was trying to make is that the law could do with less vague phrasing . 
   the reason everyone thinks it will be americans that will take us all into space is because americans have spent the last 50 years making thousands of films where nasa is the central organization of space exploration and nasa astronauts are the main characters . 
  also because esa and the various european space agencies that preceded it have n't managed to do anything comparable to nasa 's top achievements, 
  selling things is different from simply talking about them . 
  ** and , because this is the human race , i guess it 's mandatory that i postface what i wrote with an assurance that just because i 'm concerned about one thing does not mean that i support the opposite . 
  i 'm not anti-abortion , calm down . 
  from rfi.fr :  under the proposed law , any website carrying material deemed to be `` deliberately misleading , intimidating and/or exerting psychological or moral pressure '' aimed at persuading a mother not to abort her child could face criminal charges . 
  ok , it 's europe , so the first part is about all you can ask for on matters of speech - that liability should at least start at * deliberate * misinformation , but what about the second part ? 
  how does one gauge ` psychological and moral pressure ' ? 
  ** and , because this is the human race , i guess it 's mandatory that i postface what i wrote with an assurance that just because i 'm concerned about one thing does not mean that i support the opposite . 
  i 'm not anti-abortion , calm down . 
  i do n't think the last link deals in ppp , though , unless we 're taxed at an average 75 % ... 
  heyyy above poland , howdya like them apples . 
  tastes like ... tastes like irony . 
  i 'm not gon na deny how seeing these ungrateful shitheads wreck their accommodations and riot in the streets of the country that welcomed them because they ca n't get to another , richer country ... is infuriating to say the least ... ... but let 's not pretend that arabs are the only people who riot and break shit in europe . 
  i do n't consider myself a nationalist and would probably never jump in to defend the ` honor of my country ' , i do n't get butthurt when we 're in the negative spotlight , in fact i usually join in on the tar and feathering . 
  but this is just ... look , to the slobbering troglodyte reader base of the sun : um , guys , i understand that a lifetime of cultivated ignorance can make it hard to relate to other non anglo saxon nationalities but , i mean ... * we have welfare programs * , just like every other country in europe . 
  and child support . 
  we 're not somalia or north korea , people do n't starve here if they 're willing to fall back on government assistance ( well , unless they 're rroma and therefore utterly ostracized from ` proper romanian ' society ) . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is that there 's no incentive for a mother to make their own 6 year old work on 1000 chocolate egg toys in a day for , what was it , 4 pounds ? 
  i mean , i suppose , to be philosophically correct , it 's * possible * , but it 's also the sun . 
  maybe a bit more scepticism is in order ? 
  edit : yup http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/actualitate/evenimente/femeia-din-reportajul-the-sun-e-o-inscenare-617347 they literally bribed the ` source ' to lie in exchange for a job opportunity in the uk . 
  no one smells troll ? 
  who says i want to ? 
  what excuses ? 
  you think anyone who does n't want their governments overstep their mandate in pursuit of a proportionally small threat that nobody really knows how to deal with ... are islamophiles ? 
  if fighting terror entails militarizing our law enforcement agencies , increasing mass surveillance and adopting siege mentality policies then , yes , we should go easier on the anti terror spending . 
  judging by your post history i assume you 're being serious ... 
  yeah , that 's the ticket . 
  no matter what century we 're in , the most poignant argument is to blame immigration and the ` other ' for macroeconomic issues , always ends swimmingly for everyone !, 
  the better question is why did erdogan fly back into the country when he knew there were , supposedly , hostile jets prowling around ? 
  by utilitarian take on personal liberty i meant prioritizing personal and group safety over liberty when faced with down-the-line kinds of dangers like saying x might , possibly cause y sometimes this century or the next . 
  you are outlawing being a moron in some of the cases , which is when the moron in question genuinely believes that there is a hoax . 
  if they really have that belief , that a portion of society is conspiring against itself for some kind of malicious end , what do you expect them to do ? 
  when you try to silence people from expressing what they think is a great injustice , you are no longer just a vigil against persecution , you are doing a bit of persecuting yourself . 
  if there is a utilitarian purpose to freedom of speech , which i do n't believe there is and that it should be upheld for it 's own sake , it 's resolving wrongs with public dissent . 
   its how for example you will have holocaust researchers have point debunking deniers but will never stoop down to debating them and giving them any form of credibility . 
  good . 
  refusing to indulge people 's delusion 's is not what we 're talking about , though . 
  or the ` we have a few indispensable limitations on freedom of speech ' so we might as well expand them to prevent vaguely substantiated harms . 
  slippery slope indeed . 
  the examples you mention are restrictions and penalties on direct offenses . 
  no , there are people who genuinely believe that the holocaust/armenian genocide/srebrenica are not real or are exaggerated . 
  that 's not promoting genocide anymore than ` fire ca n't melt steel beams ' is promoting terrorism . 
  but that 's just semantics play . 
  drunk driving is outlawed because it has a high risk of * directly * , on the perpetrator 's personal responsibility , cause an accident . 
  the better analogy would be telling people that you do n't believe drunk driving is dangerous or that the risks are exaggerated . 
  i do n't like that utilitarian take on personal liberty . 
  outlawing being a moron is a slippery slope , no matter how few cases it applies to at first . 
  i know we 're not talking about state censorship here , but it sounds like you 're toying with the idea . 
  all . 
  that . 
  matters . 
  to the offendatrons , maybe . 
  edit : meh , misread the article . 
  you mean the same divide and conquer demagoguery that compels people to call others who object to the idea that only white people are racist right wing populists ? 
  what a shit article . 
  basically they are just playing semantics because some fascists are involved while also confirming that the event will indeed be segregated  the nyansapo festival has divided its events into four categories -- those open exclusively to black women ( which account for 80 % of activities ) , those open to both black women and black men , those open to women of colour and those open to everyone . 
  the majority of events are reserved for black female participants . 
  the rest is made up almost entirely of apologia and attempts to make the mayor seem like the whole world is mocking her on the internet . 
  i did n't really have an opinion on this issue until i read the france24 story . 
  nothing quiote like a dishonest hipster article to clear up who 's really in the wrong . 
  ah , well , extreme religious conservatism like anti-contraception is mostly a staple of fascism nowadays in most industrialized countries , and since you 're sporting a slogan from a fascist book ... ca n't really blame me for trying to connect the dots here here ... 
  username checks out . 
  you know the book was a piece of fascist literature and the movie was a satire piece on the book , right ? 
  or you could just mind your own god damn business , how about that ? 
  you expected more from someone who thinks it 's generally moral to steal someone else 's business from them ? 
  so the people generally stereotyped as the laziest are the most hard working and the ones hailed as incurable workaholics are really the most easy going . 
  hmm ... maybe stereotypes do n't always exist for a reason .
