  i 'm not saying that they ca n't , i 'm saying that you 'll want to see your ideal materialized eventually . 
  it 's not just a vague wish for an end to crime without negative side effects . 
  any conceivable attempt to end crime would have disastrous effects because you 'd also need to end privacy rights , freedom of conscience rights and to over police , off the top of my head . 
  additionally , ending crime in itself is a questionable idea . 
  it would remove valuable aspects form our culture and human condition . 
  our media , fiction , and folk would be severely neutered . 
  the very things people think and fantasize would become sterile . 
  all that and likely a lot more just to completely eradicate the last vestiges of unlawfulness . 
  people need adversity . 
  we need adversity to fully thrive as a culture . 
  you know , yin and bloody yang ? 
  wholly stomping out antisocial tendencies may sound dandy if you do n't think about it for more than a few seconds but , in reality , it is a monstrous proposition . 
  look , i 'm not saying that society should n't strive to further clamp down on criminal activity , of course it should . 
  but trying to make angles out of people ? 
  seriously , you need to think about this a bit more . 
  being idealistic entails that you 'll eventually want to materialize your ideal . 
  akp proving once and for all that they are the party of the uneducated red necks . 
   it 's possible to want to remove crime altogether without supporting totalitarian methods . 
  it 's not . 
  unless you 're thinking of wishing on a lucky star for crime to ` end ' . 
  wiki has romania at 0.25 and 0.41 if you factor 2015 ( source is eurostat ) . 
  that ca n't be right, 
  until laws and budgets can be proposed/drafted by directly elected officials then , no , the eu is not sufficiently democratic . 
  the european commission is the elephant in the room that the article does n't seem to tackle . 
  the british were fools to chose to leave without at least trying to push change on the european political system and see if anything comes out of it , but that does n't mean there is n't a big problem with eu democracy . 
  not buying that whole ` just trying to start a dialogue ' crap . 
  she is what she is . 
  ` political support ' sounds pretty vague . 
  what does that political support break down to exactly ? 
  are those the same experts who overlook the fact that almost evey developed nation on earth has nationalized health care and upper education ? 
   knowing what it would entail why are you so sure he knew the consequences of his actions ? 
  i imagine that someone who goes around stabbing and shooting people in the face does n't rank high in the rationality department . 
  those million ( ? ), 
  other different things do n't compromise the integrity of an art piece - not to say it 's necessarily alright for a government to ` incentivize and promote certain viewpoints ' provided they do n't touch art . 
  poster above is not arguing whether art should be political , but whether or not it should be managed by external politics . 
  having political themes is great , having the art be altered to appease a political ideology so as to not offend or ` harm ' people , not so much . 
  she 's not even left of center going by the us political spectrum . 
  the social democrats are not so much leftists or ... social democrats ... as they are populists . 
  socially they are very conservative . 
  welfare is selective , whereas ubi is also provided to those who do n't need it . 
  switzerland has an unemployment rate of 3.5 % of it 's working age population and i assume the percent of welfare recipients out of the country 's total population is a lot lower than 3.5 % . 
  in other words , the difference is at least 96.5 % of the population . 
  edit : oops i meant to reply to the poster above ... 
  good . 
  switzerland has the lowest unemployment rate in europe next to iceland . 
  bi makes no sense for that country . 
  i 'm not completely opposed to basic income , but i think we should only transition from welfare to it when the cost difference is n't enormous . 
  i have n't seen any evidence that gay couples ca n't be just as dedicated and responsible toward their children . 
  the rest of your post is musing with authoritarian and anti-individualist ideas that i 'm staunchly opposed to . 
  look , it 's getting late where i 'm from . 
  i should probably ... ... yeah ... 
  they do adopt . 
  and they also want to marry , for all the rest of the benefits and rights that marriage entails . 
  ( i understand that there are also principled reasons in addition to pragmatic reasons for why gay people want to be able to marry , but you do n't seem like you 'd be willing to accept an argument based on empathy no matter how much we discuss it ) . 
  anyway it sounds like someone of the persuasion that gays choose to be gay and they could just flip a hetero switch , then presto !, 
  even if that was the case , for which there 's no supporting medical evidence , it 's still a bad argument on why we should stop two consenting adults who likely love each other from enjoying the same basic right that 95 % of the rest of us do . 
   marriage between a man and a woman is the biggest incentive to raise children so is marriage between people of the same sex ... 
  the only such policies i can think of are those that are meant to incentivize couples to raise kids , so that leaves out many other rights that straight couples take for granted . 
  and a gay couple raising kids * does * have societal benefits as it takes orphans out orphanages and offers them a family and a better future . 
  i do n't know how adequate orphanages in your country are , but in romania the are notoriously shit . 
  no place for a kid to grow up in . 
  why is it paramount that they have kids biologically ? 
  hmm , nope , it is pretty much just a simple acceptance of a life style . 
  you are not inconvenienced in any way by 2 men or 2 women being able to marry and have kids . 
   but a romanian friend said they sounded like the gypsies in your country , in that way . 
  is this supposed to lower my opinion of them - because they sound like gypsies ? 
   they hunt in packs . 
  like a group of velociraptors taking down a t-rex . 
  -- xaguta  and moroccan kids , when they pick a fight , will always do so in groups . 
  fight 1 moroccan kid , you fight his friends and his cousins too . 
  they 're pack animals . 
  more cowardly when alone . 
  -- cargoit jesus , fellas , tell us how you really feel ... 
  no , it 's a 4.3 % growth over q1 2015 . 
  every piece of data that i find when googling `` gun crime uk '' suggests that there is no correlation between gun crime or gun-anything and the 1997 ban . 
  edit : not that it matters because the status of gun rights should n't depend mainly on their harmfulness or lack thereof . 
  i demand an answer, 
  ok ok do n't have a cow . 
  ~ ~ none of those countries ' populations are changing significantly , so overall gdp reflects gdp per capita ... ~ ~, 
  you know you fucked up when the commie in the thread makes more sense than everyone else . 
  seriously , does n't anyone realize how overtly racist this whole pity party is where everyone comes in and consoles romanians over how much better we are than those `` other people '' and over how unfair it is to be mistaken for them ? 
   as a leftist i sometimes wish this conspiracy of kulturbolschewismus cultural marxism was true . 
  instead of free marxist brainwashing by apparatchik for all , i have to pay more and more for my university every year while lecturers do not even get paid enough to make rent and do not have stable contracts - thanks to the liberalisation of universities . 
  i also have n't seen one marxist economist in the daily media analysing the current reasons of inequality due to bourgeoisie using their money to corrupt . 
  [ ... ] cultural [ ... ]  you would expected the infiltrated west media would have rooted and wrote massive agitprop for socialists sanders , roemers and melenchon but instead they keep writing positive articles about the liberals clinton , rutte and macron . 
  maybe they are all secretly blanquists and waiting for the right moment , but i doubt so . 
  there are more kinds of special interests battling to run the show besides the ideological kind . 
  political cartoons that do n't beat you over the head with the meaning of the metaphor ? 
  never saw one . 
  congratulations , you 've just outlawed being wrong . 
   not a good start on your part . 
  i think you 're confused , dwight . 
  noone is trying to impress you . 
   ... again , the neckbeardery angle . 
  the fact of the matter is : one of us worked hard to present a point about populism and it was n't him . 
  i 'd like that sort of work to be reciprocal and not have it challenged with `` hurr durr you call us racists so trump won '' . 
  ... where ? 
  why are you being so aggressive with the other guy , it 's not like anyone here is defending wilders , someone just doubted he 's a populist based on their understanding on the word ` populist ' . 
  instead of forcefully declaring yourself the emperor of debates at the end of every post you could actually try out an argument that does n't rely on someone else 's authority to make your case . 
  citing a ` consensus ' among press outlets or that expert xyz agrees with you is not very persuasive , just annoying .
