damn portugal this really is n't your week m8, 
   this is exactly what art is supposed to be doing , opening up debates about stuff that society does not want to talk about in a way that it usually does not . 
  and it fosters this debate with relatively benign material expression , rather than with guns . 
  no it bloody is n't . 
  art is absolutely not supposed to utilitarian , or anything at all . 
  it exists for it 's own sake , whether it 's meant to illuminate , as you suggested , or just to dazzle . 
  what you 're doing is you are limiting art , not expanding it 's boundries . 
  ( before i get mobbed , i do n't support censoring this particular exhibition . 
  no art should be censored . 
  it 's just that pinning art as a means of post modern propaganda always gets on my tits . ), 
  i 'm not proposing restricting speech , just certain curriculums . 
  upper middle class hipsters who never had any problems in their lives can still protest on campus and annoy their fellow students with fliers . 
  there are no laws anywhere that say you have the right to be thought x , or that y has the right to teach you x. 
  education is mostly publicly funded , and if the public does n't want their tax money to be spent carelessly , then the state should submit to their wishes . 
  i think i have a better idea : legislation that bars public learning institutions and private learning institutions that rely too much on public money from having curriculums that are marred in ideology and heavily politicized . 
  public institutions are n't supposed to disseminate what is effectively propaganda to the masses , at least in theory . 
  this is n't an outlandish suggestion , since many countries already have restrictions in place against stuff like religious indoctrination . 
  it 's just a matter of extending those laws to include the secular counterparts to religious classes ( and getting past the crazed opposition from the far left that would promptly ensue but , hey , no idea is perfect ) . 
  i do n't think that an all out war in europe , even barring the use of nuclear armaments , can last anywhere near 2 months . 
  not the main operation phase of such a war , anyway . 
  and while i 'm aware that historical precedents for that kind of thinking tended to end badly ( `` it will be over by christmas '' , `` blitzkrieg in russia '' etc ) , modern militaries have the ability to cripple a country 's means to wage war effectively in days . 
  i just do n't think being able to outbuild and outspend your enemy is relevant anymore in modern warfare . 
  if you do n't already have a strong defense force at the start of the war , you wo n't get the chance to build it up to spec during said war . 
   a well educated population , living in a healthy democracy and in a strong economy automatically results in a strong army . 
  counterexample : germany . 
  proud to live in one of the few member countries with some freedom of speech . 
  i agree that the countries that ravaged the me and set the stage for the rise of isis should take responsibility and take in the bulk of refugees coming to europe , but what did poland do to contribute to that devastation ? 
  their task force was basically there to patrol roads and defend military installations after the real culprits went in and stomped around . 
  in fact , the main reason for the rise of jihadis in iraq was n't even the preceding war or the deposition of saddam , it was how the us handled it 's aftermath . 
  the small countries that were part of the coalition were just there for pr and clean-up duty , iraq would have been ravaged with or without them . 
  ah ok that makes it a lot clearer . 
  are n't they counted when they 're sold in domestic stores , though ? 
  what the hell did we do man ? ... 
  `` i thought the dozens of people being blown up was pretty scary , but i guess i was wrong humph , humph , humph , are n't i the master of sarcasm ! '', 
  -- everyone in the thread . 
  well that 's all very witty and biting satire there , skipper , but how exactly does a terrorist attack in a small part of some distant city affect you in any conceivable way ? 
  finger likin ' crooked . 
  it would n't change anything . 
  immigrants are coming mostly by sea , so any navy tasked with intercepting migrant boats would be obligated by international law to salvage them and bring them to shore . 
   why did they do that ? 
  how did they become so rotten ? 
  sometimes it 's just over the top nationalism and misguided patriotism . 
  i think it was recently that a guy turned over his own wife for insulting the dear leader and for flipping the channel whenever he was on . 
  said he 'd do the same with his kids , too . 
  they 're not adjusted to purchasing power . 
  ppp should be double . 
   as long as society reacts negatively to hate speech haha good one, 
   hate speech was never a real problem here oh wow . 
  are you sure you 're not exaggerating here at least a little bit ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of hate speech laws myself and would prefer a more free approach to speech like the us has , but you ca n't seriously be proposing that hate speech is not an issue in romania . 
  just look for any internet discussion centered on rroma people and you 'll see large chunks of the comments calling for literal ethnic cleansing . 
  it 's exactly this russian point of view that 's the problem . 
  they 've been fostering a siege mentality for hundreds of years , so they are very susceptible to outside-threat narratives and , while that may have been justified in the past , russia has a powerful military with the largest stockpile of nuclear armaments in the world now . 
  there is no threat . 
  hmm ... ok , whatever . 
  let us dispel once and for all this fiction that germany does n't know what it 's doing . 
  germany knows exactly what it 's doing !, 
   liberal * progressive . 
  not all liberals are ` progressives ' . 
   they 've added electronic cigarettes to the list of tobacco based products well ... fuck . 
  all latvian movie is about potato so all movie is of rate 100/100 . 
  except 1995 hit `` gone with the potato '' which has two potato so it win oscar for best science fiction movie of year . 
  is rate 999/100 . 
  one of these things is not like the other , guess which one ... 
  i had no idea this was going on ... well , it 's been a while since the last time i was embarrassed to be a romanian . 
  i suppose it 's that time of year again ... 
  why ? 
  he had it coming . 
  who said anything about analogies ? 
  there 's this guy , steve , who used to live across the street from me a while back . 
  he decided he was too good to do business with me and went on to make a separate deal with some homo-gays from the nearby neighborhood , so i snack into his house while he was away ( probably having degenerate homosex with hans and ulrich , god i hate those guys ) and i set his shit on fire . 
  this reminds me of of a guy who owed me $ 200 , whose house i burned down with his dog still inside . 
  he kept whining afterwards that he could n't pay me back the money because `` he was left destitute '' or some shit excuse like that , so i took the fucker to court . 
  yeah , we 'll see who has the last laugh in a few weeks , steven !, 
  same in romanian , pronounced a bit differently . 
  the lord putin giveth and the lord putin taketh away . 
  or ` the lord putin taketh away and the lord putin giveth ' , in this case . 
  which would make sense if the consequences from trying to minimize your already negligible chances of dying from terrorism were n't things like a diminishing of civil rights , rising xenophobia , decreased internet freedom etc. 
  there is no appreciable chance that you or anyone you know will be a victim of a terrorist attack , even if one does take place . 
  grow a dick and stop contributing to the mass hysteria . 
  oh thank fuck, 
  well you seem like the friendly type ... 
  wait , so . . my country is more worried about terroris than any other member of the eu , even though we have never had a single case of islamic terrorism and , as far as i know , not a single case of terrorism period , while being utterly unappealing to refugees , who just bolt for western europe the first chance they get . 
  meanwhile we 're still a thoroughly undeveloped nation that has only recently started seeing a decent economic upswing , and only 15 % or romanians think the economy is a primary issue . 
  the fact that stupidity does not physically hurt is proof enough that there is no intelligent creator . 
  isis says a lot of things . 
  the point of the article is that those corpses were never buried , but have been constantly paraded by russian demagogues , putin included , to paint their country as a victim of western aggression . 
  that image is explicitly bashing the refugees , not the countries that wo n't take them in ( or the countries they supposedly do n't want to go to because they have evil plans to islamise europe ) . 
  was he persecuted by the general community before he committed suicide ? 
  bullshit , the reason refugees do n't go to those countries is because those countries wo n't take them in . 
  the states in the arabian peninsula have never given a shit about their neighbors ' welfare or human rights in general . 
  and why the hell do you even care about what the refugees do once they come to europe ? 
  it 's been well established by now that they 're all actively avoiding being settled in romania . 
  no one wants to stay here . 
  hold it right there . 
  the terrorists can not do ` so much damage that our society collapses ' . 
  ever . 
   because isis have said quite a few times that this is exactly their goal . 
  i have a sneaking suspicion that you know , whether you like to admit it or not , that that 's not really isis 's plan . 
  it 's hard for me to believe that you still have n't heard anyone explain that the goal of pretty much all terrorists , isis very much included , is drive hatred and suspicion among ethnic groups so that the one they coopted feels isolated and is more likely to become radicalized .
