either one they are going to get fucked . 
  the whole universe is powered by stellar processes . 
  planet needs some slight terraforming . 
  you have those below-sea-level germanic peoples next to ya , you should make them something nice and big and send it over . 
  make the whole planet solar-powered . 
  going into the 21st century more people will think of germany as a peaceful green state than anything else . 
  the 20th century is done . 
  a free syria is something i 'd like to imagine would do the same for others in the future . 
  human rights are planet-wide imho , and i am willing to fund that vision . 
  the only way to successfully invade america is to take the roughly 300 million guns from its citizens . 
  heroin is better for you than kroc . 
  you pull a trillion out of the world 's stock markets and there would be financial collapse . 
  have they out of toilet paper like venezuela did ? 
  would turkey allow a satanist temple to have a call to prayer ? 
  it it time to make german cyborg workers to directly interface with the robot arms , do it !, 
  the new ~ ~ human treat makers ~ ~ robotic fast food restaurants are so , so nice . 
  let 's hope sapient ai is willing to both do the labor and take care of us as like pets . 
  irs can find niggling amounts of income like capital gains from selling a car and go to town on you for not reporting it . 
  the american irs is bar none the elite tax-collecting institution of the world . 
  do you guys have first time homeowner loans that can use tax-free money for the down payment ? 
  we have the [ fha program ] ( http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/hud?src=/buying/loans ) . 
  too much speculation caused the crash . 
  there are places in the usa where housing has lost 200-300 % of its peak value from 2007 . 
  as an oregonian in the states with legal weed i would rather deal with stoners than drunks . 
  of course no country affords perfect religious pluralism , and no where did i say that i wanted to convert everyone to anything . 
  how so ? 
  pluralism is n't the ghettoization of other cultures . 
  no , i believe in pluralism , i 'm not afraid . 
  why are you, 
  there is nothing wrong with proselytization of ideology in a free and open society , we should n't ever be afraid of the marketplace of ideas . 
  if such actions enrage a community , it does not belong in said society . 
  there is a difference between authoritarianism and forcing an issue . 
  greek food is better than turkish food , which is all that matters when building a military facility overseas . 
  secularism does n't happen organically , you have to force the issue . 
  i stopped drinking 20 cups a day a few years ago and i lost control of my bowels for a few days , no headache . 
  as an american i just want to see you guys hash out a constitutional convention for the eu . 
  why do n't you guys start crowdsourcing a constitution online now ? 
  might help . 
  good going siberia . 
  same in mexico which is part of nafta . 
  that is because we need the internet of things to arrive and have sensors in our toilets , showers , cars , couches , etc. 
  everywhere we habitate should be gleaned for health data . 
  you should n't need to wear a fitbit to get information like that . 
  sensors like that should be built into the environment we live in . 
  we need to give up a bit of privacy to be healthier as individuals . 
  if polyscopic shower cameras detect a malignant mole or your posture changing because of disease , it should notify a doctor , this is 2015 . 
  middle class spawns radicalism the world over . 
  poor and working class folks are used to privations and powerlessness . 
  middle class kids grown up with a sense of entitlement often paired with a dilettante-sense of direction in life are key marks recruiters look for . 
  tell a mediocre nobody with a smidgen of education/wealth that they are going to be a powerful person in charge of an ideology that only the faithful , intelligent , etc understand -- w / accoutrements like slaves ; and you got yourself a murdering machine , sometimes . 
  american budweiser above 40f/5c has an aftertaste like the bottom of a garbage can imho . 
  does any country heavily regulate golden parachutes ? 
  they should . 
  there have been ceos who have been forced out receive 10 's of millions in cash on exit . 
  never trust a nation or people who live below sea level . 
  maybe we should send you a statue like france , but fill it with weed and craft beer . 
  i wish we could make you guys honorary cascadians . 
  lots of big words for a bigot . 
  well , we did get your puritans after all . 
  pacific nwer here , we are pretty progressive here . 
  furthest away physically and idealogically from the south at least . 
  treat criminals like human beings and they act like human beings . 
  it is both . 
  army corp of engineers is volunteer . 
  army corp is not conscripted for 20 years in the middle of a warzone . 
  [ tax haven . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_haven )  the organisation for economic co-operation and development ( oecd ) identifies three key factors in considering whether a jurisdiction is a tax haven :   * nil or only nominal taxes . 
  tax havens impose nil or only nominal taxes ( generally or in special circumstances ) and offer themselves , or are perceived to offer themselves , as a place to be used by non-residents to escape high taxes in their country of residence . 
    * protection of personal financial information . 
  tax havens typically have laws or administrative practices under which businesses and individuals can benefit from strict rules and other protections against scrutiny by foreign tax authorities . 
  this prevents the transmittance of information about taxpayers who are benefiting from the low tax jurisdiction . 
    * lack of transparency . 
  a lack of transparency in the operation of the legislative , legal or administrative provisions is another factor used to identify tax havens . 
  the oecd is concerned that laws should be applied openly and consistently , and that information needed by foreign tax authorities to determine a taxpayer 's situation is available . 
  lack of transparency in one country can make it difficult , if not impossible , for other tax authorities to apply their laws effectively . 
  ` secret rulings ' , negotiated tax rates , or other practices that fail to apply the law openly and consistently are examples of a lack of transparency . 
  limited regulatory supervision or a government 's lack of legal access to financial records are contributing factors . 
  [ pirate haven . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pirate_haven ) has pirates . 
  [ russification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification ) best , who does n't want russo-gothic state buildings the size of small cities ? 
  they use their `` soldiers '' to build highways and other infrastructure in the middle of a warzone . 
  so yeah , pretty much slaves . 
  let 's hope it gets put down on paper and starts the long talk needed for the federalization of europe . 
  they started implementing it and then the oil crisis hit . 
  the only thing preventing it from becoming reality right now is a fuckload of funding . 
  it is the law of the land , just no one is enforcing it . 
  fun fact : the us actually mandated the metric system as its [ preferred system of measurements in 1975 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metric_conversion_act ) , but never followed through with it . 
  should 've made the over 60 's eligible for service . 
  finland 's scouts are pretty much survivalists who can live in the back country for months at a time . 
  england wales has [ 100k rapes reported each year and only 1000 convictions ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/100000-assaults-1000-rapists-sentenced-shockingly-low-conviction-rates-revealed-8446058.html ) . 
  i know , i was just wondering if someone knew a european sub for animation anyways . 
  thanks . 
  in 1000 years or so let us hope we have can say the same for the whole planet . 
  for one , i hope a future generation lives in a time when even basic civil rights like democratic elections are respected everywhere . 
  political pluralism wins . 
  [ here is just france . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_french_animation ), 
  calling children animals who deserve to be beaten is freedom of speech ? 
  so it looks like each european animated series is in its own subreddit ? 
  would be nice to have a general one .
