  i 've seen it , it is n't even funny dreck . 
  i think there are like 30 anime with that premise . 
  in the us we use those and water towers in the flatlands of the midwest . 
  crush up some cheap molly and put them in the wafflesquares . 
  how did they navigate around that country before gps ? 
  the horizon must look the same in any direction . 
  good luck with your bravado . 
  [ russia still has n't stopped inflation . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/inflation-cpi ) it is 15 % per year . 
  that is a pretty chancy environment for anyone who is n't being paid substantially more than the average russian . 
  nonsense , israel does n't have a stealth drone capable of penetrating a s-400 installation . 
  only the us might have that capability at the moment with the b-2 bomber platform . 
  [ israel 's `` stealth drone '' could n't even get past the s-200 's in iran ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/24/israeli-stealth-drone-nuclear-facility-iran-natanz ) . 
  anything with a tail can be detected by vhf-band radar . 
  x-band radar which is what the f-35 and f-22 are designed to avoid detection by is just one part of the new s-4 / 500 platforms . 
  even with the f-35 's in 2016 israel will not be able to go into syria . 
  the use of vhf also makes all known israeli cruise missile and drone platforms detectable . 
  the us has a program of stealth cruise missiles/drones but no one knows what is the current state of the art . 
  it is highly classified . 
  israel used its best in iran and failed to a 30 year old system , remember that . 
  f-16 's are no match for the s-400 's which were deployed 24 hours ago and the golan heights is not your territory . 
  if israel somehow manages to take out a russian s-400 platform good luck with what will follow . 
  israel has no stealth aircraft till the end of 2016 . 
  you 're outgunned . 
  france is now part of the united states of earth . 
  yer welcome world . 
  if syria continues under assad 's control he could set up a no-fly zone over the golan heights . 
  israelis have nothing to stop a s-400 . 
  it will be an interesting 2016 . 
  yet the problem is the same . 
  lack of economic opportunity or integration . 
  does n't matter if the isis supporter came from detroit or brussels . 
  ukraine needs to actually build out the cruise missile batteries that would prevent russia from acting boldly near its borders . 
  stealth cruise missiles hopefully are on the drawing board . 
  russia needs to further balkanize into smaller states . 
  anything that furthers that is good , including being forced to go up against the industrial/technological/military might of nato in proxy wars . 
  the idea that russia should be treated as a partner in world security which is nato 's gig is ludicrous . 
  it is for allah , it is alright . 
  as the status quo , no regime change . 
  a russian backed syria is the same regime with aa missiles . 
  assad falling is n't likely , israel is currently operating as if he is going to remain in power with the added bonus of expanded russian influence in the area . 
  what happens if syria institutes a no fly zone over the golan heights ? 
  you guys going to invade syria ? 
  that will unite the whole arab world against you . 
  israel would be forever a regional pariah if it maintained the golan heights after a secular regime change . 
  eventually israel is going to be surrounded by secular states with open societies . 
  if it continues to act belligerently towards them by occupying their lands it will simply continue to lose military and intelligence support in the west . 
  which makes the status quo of assad 's regime inevitable . 
  since russia aligned with syria and began propping up the regime you really think israel wants to roll the dice on an islamist regime next door ? 
  i do n't know how out of the loop you are but maybe you should read more current analysis on the situation . 
  israel has been slowly coming around to the realization that assad 's regime winning with russian support is the most likely scenario going forward . 
  if assad falls there are half a dozen major islamist groups besides isis jockeying for power at the moment among the kurds and moderates . 
  that is way , way worse than the status quo for israel . 
  the idea that this would somehow legitimize the occupation of the golan heights is absurd . 
  in fact the worst outcome israel is beginning to realize is if a secular state forms in syria . 
  it would be internationally impossible to continue to occupy the land of a secular state . 
  turkey deploying troops into syria to prevent a kurdish state forming is not going to happen . 
  israel supporting the kurds with intelligence and aid is the same as supporting the creation of kurdistan . 
  israel depends upon the status quo not changing to maintain even a smidgen of legitimacy of the continued occupation of the golan heights . 
  israel is the position now where assad continuing in power is the best option to prevent an islamist syria next door . 
  they could give a fuck about the kurds now . 
  what happens if assad consolidates power with russia and then israel antagonizes them ? 
  any kind of united syria is bad for israel but not bad for russia or nato . 
  so that means if israel provokes a response , no one is going to support them . 
  turkey does n't have to agree . 
  turkey has overplayed its hand and is dealing with massive domestic problems . 
  at least russia and iran are n't as duplicitous as israel . 
  kurdistan when it comes about will be a far better us ally than israel . 
  which is why israel is dead set against it . 
  america is n't going to come help israel if it gets into a real shooting war over golan heights . 
  israel again is the only nation in the world who recognizes this so-called annexation . 
  these actions are just further isolating israel in the region , making it even less of a strategic ally to anyone . 
  israel is the only country in the world that recognizes said annexation . 
  it is vastly naive to think that any country in the world -- let alone the united states -- will ever recognize the golan heights as israeli . 
  the hubris israel is showing in taking advantage of the syrian civil war is pathetic . 
  i did not think israel could grow even more isolated internationally , but here we are . 
  iran and russia share a little thing called the caspian sea . 
  they will always have aligned geopolitical interests . 
  together they have recently locked out nato from building a naval base there in kazakhstan . 
  syria 's russian naval complex in tartus is billions of sunk costs to russia , of course they are going to defend assad 's regime to maintain access . 
  nato understands that . 
  nato may not be saying it openly but the plans to support moderate syrian factions is winding down and currently support is being diverted to the kurds and the iraqi army . 
  which seems to be pointing towards a future kurdistan made up of northern syria and iraq . 
  that is the realpolitik hand being played right now . 
  if israel wants to go alone against world sentiment on the status of the golan heights during this period , they will never be trusted in the region again . 
  for one , israel is n't allied with nato interests in the region . 
  israel is now talking about annexing the golan heights unilaterally . 
  nato does n't want israel to continue antagonizing syria but they continue to do so . 
  not in the eastern front . 
  russian pilots were not always treated like the other allies . 
  it still seems that double standard applies . 
  if this were american , german , or french pilots there would be far more outrage . 
  usa will be happy to sell to ya partner !, 
  the intelligence agencies in the west are currently trying to differentiate between the equivalent of a racist 4channer and a whacko right winger terrorist . 
  there are edgy 2nd/3rd/4th / 5th gen muslim kids/young adults/manchildren on the interwebs talking shit . 
  i say bring them all in and see who pees their pants . 
  those that pee their pants get a bracelet and close monitoring . 
  the hard asses send them through america 's black site system . 
  dude , vlsi does not stand still . 
  it is not a fucking steam engine .
