  cashiers will take coins if they are bagged up in one of these http://imgur.com/1jyw1is, 
  in europe when individuals display their national flag it seems to always be associated with something negative , with the exception of sporting events or national holidays . 
  hopefully this is really a demonstration on how incompetent they are . 
  this would never be put to a vote . 
  only constitutional changes are put to a public vote . 
  ireland could not afford unification until ni no longer subsidised . 
  ni has only 2.9 % of the uk population but if there was a united ireland ni it would be 35 % of the overall population . 
  that 's the difference between recreation drug us and problem drug use . 
  problem drug is when you drug use or drinking affects your personal life or the people you care about . 
  yes and no . 
  our low wage unskilled workers are better off than uk unskilled workers but the uk middle class ( mainly in south england ) is better off than us . 
  if you look at the various different metrics for measuring wealth the uk and ireland are more or less the same but ni is the poorest part of the uk . 
  i have taking a lot of different drugs over the last 10 to 15 years but it has never devolved info problem drug use , same for my friends as well . 
  it does n't mean it still could not happen , you need to keep asking yourself is my drug use affecting me or the people i care about . 
  with me i am more concerned with times i would be problem drinking . 
  i realise that . 
  i think the best think sinn f\u00e9in and snp could do if they want to break away from the uk they need to stop going on about . 
  well we are on our way to becoming a rich country . 
  currently the richest county in ni is poorer than the poorest county in ireland . 
  it would take a lot to change the mindsets of the hardcore unionist , they seem to really hate anything related to ireland . 
  also the modernist unionist vote for the hardcore unionist because they distrust the nationalist parties . 
  psni must of some of the most difficult policing challenges in europe, 
  it would need to be something big like the breakup of the uk to unite ireland . 
  when i started smoking weed at 15 it was easier to get weed than drink . 
  in places like temple bar you can at times see some messy tourists . 
  i would be against allowing tourists to buy it if it was legal . 
  we already have a bad image in regards drinking . 
  i would not like ireland to be place that people visit to get fucked up . 
  about 5 years ago the garda\u00ed planed to stop charging people for small amounts but were overruled by the government . 
  i know someone who was caught with a small amount and they gave it back . 
  i was caught doing a class a drug openly on a dublin street and was told to go home , they did n't take it off me either . 
  we learn how to ask permission to go to the toilet in irish . 
  lots of companies have their european headquarters in ireland . 
  german speakers are needed for supporting/selling to german customers . 
  unlike the other main european languages there always seems to be a shortage of german speakers in ireland . 
  i speak english but would like to learn german . 
  there is always a demand for german speakers in ireland . 
  the second one kinda looks like a man beating up a woman . 
  never . 
  it rain here all the time so i think the worms are used to it . 
  they to sometimes appear in the grass , you will often see birds hopping around lawns after a downpour eating worms . 
  that 's different the us invades and occupies countries in order to impose freedom . 
  i know people here on reddit do not like hearing this but bitcoin is not very suitable to be used at the point of sale for both retailers and consumers . 
  i think bitcoin is great and i use it myself but i would never use it to purchase anything when cash , credit cards or paypal are accepted, 
  read the first paragraph of this article , it confirms everything i said http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austerity, 
  the country was broke , we were unable to borrow money , austerity was the only option . 
  austerity did not resolve the problems that we are still facing , it just allowed us to borrow money at a rate we could afford and bring government spending down to a sustainable level . 
  austerity only has negative effects on the economy by talking money out it . 
  no it is not , in fact it is proof that austerity does not work . 
  the severity of ireland 's recession was mainly caused by the collapse of the local economy which was made a lot worse by austerity . 
  the improvements started once new austerity measures stooped, 
  ireland 's growth is being caused by 2 things . 
  increased demand in ireland 's main export markets , the uk and us and increased spending in the local economy . 
  this is ireland 's second year of high growth and it is predicted to continue this way for a few years , in fact the predictions keep getting revised upwards every quarter . 
  celtic tiger 2.0 http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/economy-to-grow-faster-than-imf-predicted-just-last-month-31144191.html, 
  the double irish tax loophole was closed last year . 
  there is real demand in some parts of ireland right now especially in dublin . 
  banks are not lending like they did . 
  people buying houses right now can afford them . 
  a huge part of it was built on debt before the crash but not anymore . 
  new lending rules should stop another property bubble . 
  there are other requirements for uni , the idea behind it is that everyone has to have a `` rounded education '' . 
  learning a second language develops a part of the brain that otherwise would not be developed . 
  language learning increases your cognitive ability and makes you smarter , even if you never use the language . 
  in ireland you need 3 languages ( passing grade ) to attend uni , english , irish and a modern european language . 
  these are the languages that can be taken as part of the irish [ leaving cert ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leaving_certificate_%28ireland%29 ) . 
  * irish * english * french * german * italian * japanese * russian * spanish * arabic * latin * ancient greek * hebrew * bulgarian * croatian * czech * danish * dutch * estonian * finnish * greek * hungarian * latvian * lithuanian * polish * portuguese * romanian * slovak * swedish * cakeday, 
  20 days + 9 public holidays, 
  hahaha , no that was english but it is really hard to understand . 
  i feel we should have more but i what are the requirements to becoming a unesco site . 
  the 3 we have are definitely really deserving entries . 
   the european globalisation adjustment fund was set up to provide additional support for workers made redundant as a result of major structural changes in world trade patterns due to globalisation or the financial crisis and to help them find new jobs       . 
   redundant workers are offered measures such as support for business start-ups , job-search assistance , occupational guidance and various kinds of training . 
  the irish one was lost in a fire , it is currently sitting in a dublin landfill . 
  yes but they need to reform first . 
  it depends were the extra lane is . 
  most of the time it follows the same rule as going straight ahead . 
  bagpipes are not even irish , they are used all over europe . 
  bagpipes were introduced to scotland from ireland . 
  if you are turning left you indicate left in advance if you are going straight ahead you do n't indicate in advance but indicate left when leaving the roundabout if you are turning right you indicate right in advance and change to left when leaving the roundabout, 
   ireland - i was the only pedestrian in the in the entire republic who respected traffic lights . 
  it 's not mandatory, 
  carlow, 
  way ahead of ya, 
  normally these costumes are a joke but they really nailed irish traditional dress this time . 
  are cork people really a minority . 
  i have also though [ dun aengus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%c3%ban_aonghasa ) on the aran islands was fascinating . 
  what was life like 3000 years ago that warranted such a formidable fortresses to be built in such a remote location . 
  perched on the edge of a cliff on the edge of europe it defensive include 3 walls , a cliff and extensive cheval de frise rocks sorrowing it . 
  well is n't that nice . 
  the eu sets minimum labor and consumer laws that all states have to follow , this is what i am referring to . 
  what i am talking about when i say labor laws is things like the amount of hours in a workweek , the amount of paid holidays one is entitled to , and maternity leave ( etc ) . 
  some states have it better than others but the eu minimum is still high when compared to the rest of the world especially the us . 
  i do n't understand french so i am only commenting on the title . 
  the eu as a whole spends less on welfare than the us . 
  the euro zone economy is very diverse and the issues affecting it are just as diverse . 
  cutting welfare spending does not increase gdp , in fact would more than lightly reduce gdp because it takes money out of consumers pockets . 
  i would like to know what these job kill regulation are . 
  we have the best labor and consumer laws in the word , lets keep it that way . 
  its nice not getting fucked by your employer and then fucked again when you try to spend your wages .
