  we were taught in school that he came from wales, 
  not really , he lacks all the qualities that make a good leader so he should be perfect in europe, 
  really loving this tune at the moment https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtsu1jjkpgi, 
  it 's not sold here because it is a french language magazine and it 's shit . 
  the blasphemy law was intentionally written very poorly so that it would be impossible to secure a conviction . 
  the director of public prosecutions said they will never attempt to bring a case to trial for blasphemy . 
  also publications are exempt from blasphemy law . 
  the law exists because the constitution requires it but no one has ever or will ever be charged with blasphemy in ireland . 
  still never seen a pie for sale at a match . 
  we are not a very big pie eating country . 
  most cigarettes are $ 10 + in ireland, 
  yes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#/media/file:europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_ ( with_borders ) . svg, 
  i drink a lot and have never tried to kill someone . 
  i image shipping costs because we are an island with a small market would be the biggest reason . 
  there was probably a back wall , it more than likely fell into the sea . 
  the structure is 2000 to 3000 years old so you can images the cliff would have look very different when it was built . 
  does n't explain whey they increased the price by the same amount for products they supplied to irish companies . 
  most shops in ireland have started rounding at the checkout and i have n't herd anyone say anything negative about it . 
  it gets rounded on the checkup not on every item . 
  you do n't round price of every item you round up the total amount spent and it 's 50/50 chance of being rounded up or down . 
  we are playing catchup but only in rent prices , not wages . 
  the government has already stated the large investment banks from the city of london would not find a suitable home in dublin due to regulations . 
  other countries , hedge funds , pension funds , central banks . 
  sovereign debt is mostly considered safe as so few counties default on their debt so investors buy government bonds as long term secure investments . 
  i 'm heading to jasn\u00e1 and a few weeks . 
  really looking forward to it . 
  our dept debt to gdp is 93 % so it 's correct . 
  in 2007 it was 24 % http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/government-debt-to-gdp, 
  `` real gdp '' is a standardised defined metric and in 2015 ireland 's was 7.8 % . 
  similarly gdp is a standardised defined metric 2015 ireland 's was over 25 % . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_gross_domestic_product https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_domestic_product, 
  yes that 's the `` leprechaun economics '' figure . 
  the `` real '' figure was 7.8 %, 
  this map is the real rate of gdp growth . 
  the real rate for 2015 7.8 %, 
  i was really hoping it would snow today . 
  there has n't been a proper snowfall for years . 
  i am very surprised . 
  i thought we would be dead last but i somehow think sweden has a lot better health system then ours . 
  eu 46 % us 23 % uk 14 %, 
  while there has been a huge improvement in reading performances , we have been dropping in the overall ranking year on year . 
  it 's a very short timeline , is a very disruptive change and offers minimum benefit to the end user . 
  maybe setting a timeline of 10 yeas and legislation forcing all new radios sold to support dab so when the time comes to switch people will be ready for it . 
  i think they mixed up $ 7 with $ 0, 
  there is a train tunnel under it and people regularly swim it . 
  the tube in the cube, 
  my local tesco no longer sells disposable plastic bags /, 
   example - when canada went to negotiate ceta , we had to make deal with every single eu memberstate , the deal had to be passed by every memberstate but canada only had to make a deal with the eu . 
  a lot of property developers went bust during the crash . 
  also banks are only lending money to developers and buyers that can afford it, 
  you comment came off a bit sympathetic to migrants , some people here do n't like that . 
  changing the makeup of the city . 
  local residents are being priced out of their homes . 
  business are catering to tourists instead of locals . 
  arguing with someone on the internet already feels like arguing with a bot , especially this topic . 
  in the past we have had similar arguments in ireland when british retailers were charging us more for the same products sold in the uk . 
  increased competition from german supermarkets and european clothing retailers brought the prices down . 
  in the end it 's all down to economics , producers will charge the price that makes them the most money . 
  if consumers are more aware of this issue and change their buying habits so will producers . 
  it 's part of our sad legacy of emigration , there will always be a place in ireland for the people who left and their families . 
  the 2001 uk census states that 869,093 people living in the uk were born in ireland . 
  when you compare this to our current population of 4.6 million you get an idea of the scale of emigration from ireland even in recent history . 
  currently 10 % of the uk population qualifies for irish citizenship . 
  i think that maybe it 's time we have a discussion on changing the rules to kids of irish born rather than grandkids of irish born . 
  the current plans for brexit keep the freedom of movement between ireland and the uk so issuing these passports does n't make a difference to us . 
  it is and the eu does not have any powers to deal with this issue . 
  bringing exposer to the issue might cause of change in buyers habits that might force producers to change their recipes . 
  to view ft content just google the headline the author of the article 50 clause that allows britain to leave the eu has called for the brexit process to be halted , saying that the `` disastrous consequences '' are `` becoming ever clearer '' . 
  john kerr , the former diplomat , is one of dozens of prominent scots to sign an open letter urging a pause and a rethink . 
  `` in a democracy , it is always possible to think again and to choose a different direction . 
  we need to think again about brexit , to have a uk-wide debate about calling a halt to the process and changing our minds , '' says the letter , whose other signatories include the former defence secretary george robertson , the software entrepreneur ian ritchie , and the historian tom devine . 
  the intervention comes after low public support for theresa may 's approach to brexit , and increasing fighting between her cabinet ministers . 
  only 16 per cent of people said that the government was handling the brexit process well , compared to 40 per cent who said it was handling it badly , according to a survation poll on sunday . 
  lord kerr , who drafted article 50 in 2003 , has argued in the past that britain can legally revoke its decision to trigger the exit clause . 
  both article 50 and the lisbon treaty of which it forms part are silent on that matter ; the british government has previously argued in court that the move to trigger article 50 in march is irreversible . 
  the letter from prominent scots , many of whom vocally supported remain , points to `` falling living standards , rising inflation , slowing growth and lower productivity '' , and britain 's `` seriously damaged '' international reputation since the vote . 
  we recognise that a narrow majority voted to leave the european union , but the disastrous consequences are now becoming ever clearer -- every day , '' it says . 
  brexit supporters have pointed to strong employment numbers , and argued that the result of the 2016 referendum -- which had the highest turnout of any uk ballot -- must be respected . 
  support for reversing the brexit vote has to date been underwhelming . 
  the liberal democrats and the scottish national party , the only big parties with pro-eu stances , both saw their share of the vote recede in june 's election . 
  the conservatives actually gained 12 seats in remain-backing scotland , thanks to the party 's support for the union . 
  in the survation poll , respondents were presented with different options : only 27 per cent chose stopping brexit , while 34 per cent chose leaving the customs union . 
  however , respondents were in favour of a referendum on the terms of brexit once negotiations were complete . 
  tony blair , the former prime minister , has also called for the brexit vote to be reversed . 
  `` we feel like a country which has lost its footing and is stumbling ; but seemingly with no choice but to stagger on , '' he wrote in an article on saturday . 
  `` our leaders should at least lead a proper debate about the options before us . '', 
  the official them used by the both british and irish governments is ` these islands ', 
  but most of the victims in the uk are male . 
  this would be a big deal for ireland . 
  we have huge potential for wind power . 
  having an export market for excess electricity created from wind energy would make ireland more attractive for private investment in wind farms . 
  also allowing us to import nuclear power from france at time of low wind would allow us to rely more on wind power . 
  ireland is too small for nuclear power to be economical . 
  if the cost of building reactors comes down and we had somewhere to export nuclear power to , this may allow us in the future to have nuclear power . 
  it 's not really aid if they are expected to pay it back . 
  ireland would do just fine, 
  there should be a separate mega thread for every topic, 
  but is finland an independent country ? 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  we actually drink less then a lot of europe countries .
