  facebook is full of pictures from polling stations . 
  what 's that got to do with this post . 
  for $ 35 on my networks one can get unlimited calls an texts and 15gb of 4g data . 
  i think other networks do unlimited data . 
  here or the [ non-contract plans they offer ] ( https://store.meteor.ie/sim-only-plans ) . 
  you can also get once off [ data addons for reasonable prices ] ( https://www.meteor.ie/bill-pay/add-ons/ ), 
  rules of this sub say you have to have a source . 
  first hand experience is not unacceptable but russian propaganda channel rt is ok .  2.1 info-graphics , images , selfs posts and other similar content which makes ( an ) assertion ( s ) but lacks ( a ) source ( s ) will be removed . 
  the original submitter [ op ] should post the source ( if it is not cited in the submission itself ) as soon as possible . 
  for movies mubi, 
  netflix will not destroy the film ecosystem because it 's film selection is shit . 
  i highly recommend mubi for streaming quality movies . 
  polish beers are great . 
  premium taste with economy prices . 
  ya but frontline by pbs is not live news and is geo blocked . 
  i agree with you , they do make very good documentaries . 
  i have to disagree with you in saying al jazeera is crap . 
  like all news organizations they are bias and they have their agenda but their news coverage is very good . 
  al jazeera english have won numerous awards including peabodys and emmys . 
  [ here is a list of all the awards they have won , a lot of them are from the us ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/pressoffice/2012/04/2012416161854868952.html ), 
  i like al jazeera their coverage is very in depth . 
  they also do a lot of current affairs documentaries, 
  it 's not half but ireland 's gdp is distorted by multinationals . 
  gnp is a better measure of ireland 's economy . 
  gnp is even higher than gdp . 
  this increase in gnp ( improvement in the domestic economy ) is the main thing driving ireland 's recovery . 
  they can be more efficient but pv panels are becoming cheaper, 
  you 're letting the facts get in the way, 
  well but 35 % of them, 
  and ye never really make noise about it . 
  saoirse is not exactly easy to pronounce either . 
  we only got rid of the law proclaiming king james ii , the king of ireland , a few weeks ago . 
  it 's not as easy for us to get rid of it . 
  our blasphemy law is an constitution requirement inherited from pre-independence common law ( dating from the 1800s ) . 
  our constitution requires it so the law was written in a way so it would be totally unenforceable . 
  all constitutional changes require a public vote . 
  we are in the process of updating the constitution but it is a long process ( because of the requirement to put everything to a vote ) . 
  unlike most of the pending changes the blasphemy law does not effect anyone and never will . 
  we will eventually get rid it but right now we have more important changes to deal with . 
  i was told by my school teacher that french people appreciate when tourists try to speak french instead english . 
  oh , it counts social welfare , that explains it . 
  $ 70 a week in ireland is poor as fuck . 
  that 's only enough for either rent or food . 
  we do n't use socks in soviet russia , we use portyanki . 
   those troops would never have gotten to the front without american trucks and trains you clearly do n't know what you are talking about, 
  11 million ussr solders died in ww2 . 
  not including germany the ussr did the most fighting in ww2 . 
  i agreed with you that the us played a huge role in winning . 
  there is no doubt that the us played a huge role in winning the war but still it is no were near the contribution from the ussr . 
  coalitions do n't always mean weak governments . 
  coalitions are the norm in ireland . 
  the only times we had a weak government was between 93 and 97 . 
  stv is great but the rest of your comment is just bla bla bla bla ... . 
  ok that 's understandably, 
  so they are not going to make concessions . 
  correct me if i am wrong but are n't concessions a big pat of negotiations . 
  you are going to have to elaborate a bit more on why it should be a unesco world heritage site ? 
  i have never heard anything significant about gibraltar . 
  i am not saying you are wrong but give some more points on why you feel it should be an unesco site . 
  i say it 's the beer and shit food that 's the main cause . 
  so do i but you ca n't have everything, 
  we are the lowest if you only count quality and frequency of service . 
  kool aid man ? 
  i do n't know why this question is being downvoted , there are no real socialist states in europe . 
  europe is mostly right wing and the eu is mainly concerned with right wing free market capitalism . 
  socialist governments are not the norm in europe . 
  most governments have some form of a safety net to look after the poorest people but this is not socialism . 
  take the uk for example . 
  it 's welfare system is similar to the us but has universal access to health care and the uk is clearly far off for being a socialist country . 
  the question you should be asking is `` unlike the rest of the world , why does the us not look after it 's poor '', 
  blur have not been confirmed yet ;-), 
  galway arts festival imo is one of the best festival experiences in ireland . 
  it is a 2 week long city wide festival . 
  it 's part of the climax of the summer festivals in galway , a city know as ireland 's cultural heart . 
  there is a huge carnival atmosphere through the city for the two weeks and its so much fun . 
  i took [ this pic last year ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cdhivbl.jpg ) , this is typical of a weekend night during festival . 
  i highly recommend these two commercial festivals also . 
  both of these , the festival itself is the main attraction rather than the lineup . 
  http://www.electricpicnic.ie/ http://bodyandsoul.ie/, 
  what are you on about , no one in ireland is proud of immigration . 
  not really , there are no organised groups that oppose immigration . 
  most people believe immigration has benefited ireland and contributed to the economic success during the boom years . 
  eu migrants have mostly integrated well . 
  certainly in recent years attitudes are changing but still mostly positive . 
  these positive views only apply to eu migrants , views on non eu migrants are mostly negative . 
  sometimes a good beating is justified . 
  the 2011 riots where not just in london but all over the uk . 
  that was my attempt at a joke . 
   for older germans , the two young adventurers ' trip comes as no surprise . 
  for decades ireland has been a source of fernweh , or wanderlust , for post-war generations who grew up with heinrich b\u00f6ll 's irish journal . 
  can anyone from germany explain this . 
  there are parts of rural ireland that have lots of german migrants that moved over to ireland in the 90s, 
  yes , because it has happened already . 
  pretending to work is a lot harder than actually working, 
  when i made this comment this morning it had 1 vote and 13 votes in total . 
  also it is worth adding how polarised uk politics has become because of this election . 
  hahahhahahah `` how much does it cost to boil a kettle in ireland '' is the second highest suggestion for me . 
  why is this post getting so much downvotes . 
  this uk election is probably the most interesting and contentious election the uk has ever held . 
  put them in the self service till in tesco .
