the uk, 
  for being the hippy/cultural capital of ireland - galway, 
  our record breaking debt would cancel a lot of it out . 
  title is misleading . 
  he was convicted and fined but the fine goes to a charity instead of the state  he ordered mr binaschi to pay $ 2,500 to the capuchin friary in bow street in dublin and applied the probation act . 
  they may not be doing the posting but they are definitely setting the agenda and i presume they approved this post . 
  this is n't even the 1st 2nd or 3rd time they have been criticised in ireland or even israel . 
  they are a husband and wife team and they are total nutjobs . 
  check out the links posted in this thread or this article from israel http://www.timesofisrael.com/un-made-hitler-happy-israels-irish-embassy-says/, 
  i doubt it , they have been posting this kinda shit for a few years http://www.timesofisrael.com/un-made-hitler-happy-israels-irish-embassy-says/ look that they stuff they have n't deleted https://twitter.com/israelinireland, 
  ** ireland ** ireland - 19 england - 9, 
  well the ruling parties in spain , portugal and ireland have a lot to lose if greece get a deal . 
  edit : greece not grease, 
  what is wrong with taxi drivers in non english speaking not speaking english . 
  so we should outsource our migrant problem to china ? 
  aldi pay about $ 12.50 an hour in ireland which is around about the living wage . 
  to sacrifice the power sharing agreement for their own political gain . 
  the demographics are changing very fast . 
  no the economy is now bigger than it was before the crash . 
  this is ireland 's 3rd year of high growth . 
  just about every sector in the irish economy is preforming really well . 
  yes but that rebound happened in 2013 . 
  that explained the growth figures for the first 3qs of 2013 ( something like 9 % ) . 
  there has been 6qs of high growth . 
  most international economists agree that ireland should be able to maintain this level of growth until the end of the decade . 
  the economy is now bigger than it was before the recession . 
  well , wait until the figures are released next week . 
  you will be hearing all about it then . 
  the loop hole is closed for new companies moving to ireland and it has n't affected the level of foreign direct investment . 
  companies already here have been expanding . 
  apple just already announced 1000 extra jobs and a new location in ireland . 
  intel just spent $ 5bilion on a new factory . 
  most international economics agree ireland can expect strong growth in the economy for the rest of the decade, 
  also stable and safer waste . 
  i wonder how the 8 people died . 
  i do n't believe they wrote this themselves, 
  how come other catholic counties like italy , spain , portugal , poland and malta do n't have the same high birth rate . 
  catholicism has nothing to do with the birth rate in ireland . 
  the easter rising or gaining independence from the uk, 
  fuck it 's just over $ 20 a week per person in ireland . 
  i was about a week away from un-subscribing . 
  i am generally surprised with this common sense change of direction . 
  but we have n't reached our america bashing quota for today . 
  not has stupid as this headline, 
  a bird in a bird . 
   as the ecb continues to create more money to pay off debt when has it ever done that . 
  they are getting rid of the 1c and 2c coins in ireland soon . 
  i will be having too disagrae with u on that 1 . 
  dam you , letting the facts get in the way of a good headline . 
  have you ever wired one of these ? 
  most of the time there is nothing connected to the earth pin . 
  it is only really used when an appliance comes in contact with water or has a high amperage . 
  the lane behind clery 's is a anti social black spot . 
  junkies openly defecate and shoot up heroin . 
  a friend of mine used to work in clery 's and the staff had to go out to that lane to smoke . 
  she saw someone getting fingered in the middle of the day . 
  i walked past that lane last week and the stench of urine almost overpowered my poor hungover stomach . 
  petty crime is a big issue in dublin city centre and it is so difficult for the police to be there all the time . 
  these people ( not just roma but everyone who engages in crime ) get away with it because they know they wo n't be challenged . 
  i worked in a shop in grafton st dublin ( the cities main high street ) people often came in a just robbed our stock in front of us . 
  all we would say is stop that but there was nothing else we could do . 
  for this reason some times i think a little beating is justified . 
  these people know they will get away with it and that 's why they keep doing it . 
  oh right . 
  it shows in safari , i see it now . 
  i am running one if these new oss but ca n't find it, 
  keep in mind that presstv is iran 's english language propaganda channel . 
  ireland have agreed to let 500 in . 
  if we let any more it will destroy our culture . 
  and sexy, 
  after they land in europe we separate the genuine refugees and deport the rest . 
  it 's not a perfect plan but it is an appropriate response . 
  they are not letting any more in they are being spread out throughout europe during processing instead of countries like italy being left to sort it out by themselves . 
  dealing with desperate migrants is a small price to pay for living in a part of the world with the highest standard of living . 
  un law ( universal declaration of human rights , article 14 ) states we have to let every genuine refugee stay . 
  while we are at it we might as well blame him for ww2 also . 
  the direct buts to galway is about 30 to 45 min quicker than the train . 
  hahaha . 
  i love hearing stories like this about belgium, 
  it 's measured at a percentage of 2008 levels, 
  but her face is not covered, 
  because they were two different crisis . 
  where did you find this . 
  the dublin one is strange . 
  nothing outside of ireland should be colored . 
  it only takes 2.5 to 4 hours to travel to the other side of the country not 22h, 
  japan is having a butter crisis also at them moment . 
  it would be great if the americans could charge this guy with corruption . 
  there is a risk something like that would confuse people and when people get confused they vote no . 
  this is really funny . 
  it 's kinda like them bike lane to no ware . 
  i do n't think it is going to continue that way for much longer . 
  ireland has benefited a lot from eu contributions and most people in ireland are well aware of this . 
  this is probably why we are so pro eu . 
  eu contributions helped transform ireland from the poorest countries is western europe to on par with western europe is a very short space of time . 
  i do n't know enough about the subject but i think eu contributions are going to transform poland like they transformed ireland . 
  i am not sure how to got that from it but it 's through . 
  we will raise and reclaim celtic europe, 
  in general elections they start counting at night time . 
  they have results form some constituencies by lunch time but some constituencies can take days .
