  nuclear is by far the most expensive way to generate electricity also the upfront cost of building nuclear power plants is huge . 
  dublin rents for city center starts at $ 800, 
  ah sure it 'll be grand . 
  you know , can not into . 
  the report i linked is from 2016, 
  ironically ireland has the most effective tax system in eu . 
  our effective corporate tax rate is 12.4 % out of 12.5 % http://www.pwc.ie/media-centre/press-release/2016/2016-pwc-ireland-continues-to-be-most-effective-country-in-the-eu-in-which-to-pay-business-taxes.html, 
  people can say what they want but that should n't protect one from the consequences of what you say . 
  if you make up a load of bullshit about someone and it has a negative effect on them you should be held responsible for it . 
  defamation may not be a criminal offence in ireland but if you are found guilty you 'll get the arse sued off ya . 
  did you read the the linked article most of them are . 
  there has been over 5 bomb attacks in the last year , luckily only one person had died . 
  here is a list of dissident republican activity over the last few years , not exactly rare events http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-10866072, 
  some one died last week from a car bomb carried out by `` new ira '' http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/news/prison-officer-dies-from-injuries-in-car-bomb-attack-34541586.html, 
  historically and culturally turkey has been the center of its own world . 
  weed is definitely a prominent smell in dublin city centre, 
  no but we do n't have state ids so if you want to leave ireland by plane until recently a passport was needed, 
  gentlemen bombers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwkeeqxt3uq, 
  they only did that because the majority of their supports did not have an appetite for civilian deaths . 
  start a civil war because a peaceful civil rights movement was violently suppressed . 
  mental illness is not really discussed there as much as it should . 
  they have a crazy high suicide rate . 
  it should look like a chicken nugget http://mrjam.typepad.com/.a/6a00d8341c00c753ef0168e8c42c8a970c-pi, 
  no it would be close . 
  i do n't think we should hold it until we know it will diffidently wins . 
  if the referendum fails we would have to wait another 20 years before voting again . 
  $ 20 to $ 60 round trip, 
  why do scottish roads lead to dublin . 
  it 's an experience . 
  80 really drunk people pucking , fighting and smoking weed . 
  that 's what the eu is all about . 
  what 's the alternative , a union where each state follows the same laws ? 
  that 's just madness, 
  limits on amount one can borrow in line with wages . 
  requirement of 20 % deposit for new mortgages . 
  well in that case we should be glad that ireland is not part of the uk . 
  ireland has an exemption . 
  growth in local economy that had been held back for a few years . 
  you give us more credit then we deserve . 
  buses run until 12 in the city centre and there are night buses after until 3.30, 
  5 more plus a kebab, 
  ~ ~ where are you getting figures from as they have n't realised figures from the last 3 months . ~ ~ year to date gnp figure is 5.6 % . 
  i would love to hear your views on why we should `` discourage '' islam, 
  seems very high but i guess people would n't allow such hight taxes unless they were benefiting from it . 
  over all the number of people that can speak it is increasing . 
  ancient greek and latin are secondary school subjects in ireland . 
  elements of the irish language still exist in the way speak english https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_english#grammar_and_syntax, 
  what a pity, 
  definitely missing a hurley also missing picture of the sacred heart or mary . 
  you replied to your own comment, 
  ireland 's projected gdp rate for this year is 7 %, 
  mine does , a city of 75,000 people . 
  they offer better rates than standard taxis but are fully compliant with local laws and regulations . 
  yep , your rent goes up and you ca n't afford to pay the bills and all of a sudden you are homeless and poor . 
  that catastrophic economic collapse and crippling austerity we are emerging from had an effect . 
  there has been so much good news about ireland in the last few years no one really talks about the impact austerity had any more . 
  there is currently a homeless crisis in dublin because spiralling rents are putting people out of their homes . 
  aer lingus are doing well . 
  ya right , i would be happy if we had a level of care similar to the nhs . 
  the differences are based on nationalities not religion . 
  both groups just happen to have a different religion . 
  it makes sense in ireland . 
  well they are based out of dublin so maybe it 's a ploy to boost irish tourism, 
  european warrants laws are not the same in every country . 
  in the uk if your claim under the consumer law warranty is successful you can request another repair , refund or replacement . 
  i wish they would do this in ireland , there were discussions about it a few years ago . 
  when the house heating is on it also heats the water . 
  there is a separate system for heating water when whole house does not need to be heated . 
  you have either not read this article or watched fox news . 
  has n't really changed the magazine yet . 
  these kind of stories is what natgeo do best imo . 
  i 've been a subscriber for years . 
  it 's about $ 8 in ireland, 
  dublin really fucked this up . 
  i know right so embarrassing , i am blushing with shame . 
  not exactly true . 
  ni olympians choose to join either ireland or gb . 
  both the british olympic association and olympic council of ireland are include ni athletes . 
  bosco is a prick . 
  english is n't a native language in ireland . 
  the reason he give is  we are not talking about banning the wearing of religious symbols on the beach ... but ostentatious clothing which refers to an allegiance to terrorist movements which are at war with us , tl : dr burqinis = isis https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/11/cannes-mayor-bans-burqinis-beachwear-must-respect-secularism, 
  it 's not far off . 
  i do n't got why you would think the irish are against free trade . 
  ireland is very pro business , pro free trade , pro eu and pro euro . 
  i do n't think any irish government has said anything even remotely critical against ttip . 
  i am 100 % sure that no irish government is going to call a referendum on ttip unless they are required to by the constitution . 
  ireland is one of the most pro eu country in the bloc , there is no talk of a irexit . 
  it 's all explained in the article  however , the figures appear to have been hugely affected by a number of once-off factors , including activity in the aircraft leasing sector and restructuring by multinational companies involving the movement of patents . 
   the high growth rate had little effect on the domestic economy in terms of income and employment . 
  go on strike . 
  you can find most of these products in irish stores . 
  `` these islands '' seems to be the official term that both the uk and irish government uses . 
  maybe the rest of the world should call them `` those islands '', 
  english is really easy . 
  i managed to learn it when i was very young . 
  we have one , it 's called english . 
  the article does mention there are other tunnels but this will be first tunnel to allow large cargo ships and cruse liners through . 
  edited my comment meant to say `` free speech does not protect one from negative comments . '', 
  i think the criticism was deserved for running this on the front page . 
  free speech does not protect one from negative comments .
