  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/12075018/hate-crimes-against-muslims-and-jews-soar-in-france.html here we go , since the january attacks , islamophobic attacks tripled and antisemitic attacks doubled . 
  obviously france is perfect country with no problems at all unlike les rosbifs sauvages who brutally murder and drink the blood of polish babies before their sunday roast . 
  you 're just an idiot jingoist who thinks racism does n't exist in france . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  edit : i 've also noticed almost all of your comments are brit-bashing over brexit , get a life mate, 
  haha , in all honesty their politics section really has got better . 
  they 've swapped places with the independent imo . 
  let 's not make this into a petty bitchfight , please . 
  you know as well as i do that each country has it 's own problems - your assertion that there is no hate crime is france is frankly ludicrous . 
  why do n't you actually read the article and critique it instead of trying to claim the moral high ground over britain ? 
  it does , unfortunately the water was poisoned so much by the scale of the earlier immigration that rational thinking like that is being thrown out . 
  people just want `` immigration '' to end . 
  i imagine in mainland europe there are political activists that push for european immigration but reject non-european immigration . 
  not so in britain - the two get conflated to such an abnormal degree that many see it as one or the other : you have to accept all immigration or you get none . 
  not in my experience . 
  it 's always leftists who are in some sort of competition to hate the west more, 
  sorry guys , ca n't let you have this one . 
  britain has a hate crime monopoly right now . 
  no news about german hate crimes are allowed . 
  come back later . 
  `` other europeans ... '' it 's quite clear from this and other comments of yours that you 're fine with hate crime as long as it does n't threaten your european nationalism . 
  culture does n't change that quickly , my friend . 
  whether the target of european lower class scum is muslims , blacks or other europeans , the root of the violence is the same . 
  and your arrogance and hubris in thinking it does n't or could n't happen in your country will be your downfall . 
  so racist violence is a-okay as long as it 's not against europeans ? 
  sorry , but do you really believe this ? 
  do you really believe that the english in particular are the only ones to have a xenophobia problem when not 70 years ago death camps specifically set up to kill europeans operated on this continent ? 
  maybe you should wise up and realise it can happen to any country . 
  including yours . 
  yes . 
  in the already racist , violent hellhole that is england , cambridge is internationally recognised to be the most terrifying . 
  anti-slavic gangs regularly roam the streets and murder in broad daylight . 
  if you go , i 'd advise wearing blackface , they love immigrants of any kind that are n't slavic . 
  believe what you want , but unless you actually live in the uk i 'd refrain from making generalisations about it . 
  there are stupid people in every country , only a fool judges an entire nation by its worst inhabitants . 
  just keep doing what you 're doing and do n't get too caught up in the media hype . 
  why be ashamed ? 
  be proud , poland has a fascinating history and culture . 
  good luck with your studies !, 
  i 'm saying that you 're making a link which is n't there . 
  by and large , the people who read the daily mail are not the people attacking immigrants . 
  nobody 's taking out any political anger which they feel from reading negative stories about immigrants . 
  hell , my mom reads the mail online , and voted for brexit . 
  do you think she 's out on the street beating poles ? 
  no , because she 's not a racist . 
  in fact she told me only yesterday that she 's disgusted because she thought there was less racism than in her youth but she 's started hearing about it again . 
  i guarantee you that near 100 % of attacks are committed by violent scum who have never read a newspaper in their lives . 
  before 2004 , they attacked other british people , pakistanis , indians , chinese , jamaicans , africans etc. 
  now they attack poles too . 
  that 's it . 
  since brexit i have real sympathy for russians . 
  it 's awful to have to read blatant misinformation about your country every day . 
  btw , i 'm living in moscow currently and have n't seen a single neo-nazi gang yet , where are they ? 
  it 's true , i have no friends outside of my class ( lower middle ) . 
  british society is working just fine , there has been no loss of order . 
  honestly , it 's so frustrating to read these comments as if brits are just some huge rabid racist mass and britain is a wasteland where foreign people ca n't go for fear of being murdered . 
  if you went to britain tomorrow , and stayed there for a month , i guarantee you that absolutely nothing out of the ordinary would happen . 
  you 're ignoring the key difference that nazis enjoyed support support in areas of respectable society . 
  these attacks do n't in any sense because they 're not political in the first place . 
  it 's not the politicians , this is not a top down issue . 
  the problem is the violent chav underclass and always has been . 
  brexit is the flavour of the month issue but really this is a systematic problem . 
  do n't be . 
  95 % of people in britain would condemn a disgusting act like this . 
  it 's very frustrating to constantly read that britain is a racist country because it really is n't . 
  yes at the moment there is a problem with xenophobia , as in many western countries , but it 's not like average people are just going around beating up poles . 
  the already violent chav underclass have just found someone new to hate , but it 's really nothing to worry about , ordinary british people are just as likely to be their victims . 
  it was probably a good thing that we left . 
  at the end of the day , on a cultural level , we are n't ready to throw away our national identity for the european project . 
  in a hundred years there probably wo n't be such a thing as `` germany '' or `` germans '' , or `` france '' and `` french '' outside of geographical description - they 'll be europeans instead . 
  but britain will still be there . 
  yeah okay , just heading off now to fix all of my country 's problems with my magic wand . 
  you 're clearly a troll , just fuck off . 
  just live in whatever tolerant paradise you come from in peace and stop spouting your ill-informed nonsense across the comments . 
  oh just fuck off mate seriously, 
  / r/unitedkingdom is cancerous . 
  i 'm a centre leftie and i 'd rather have the tories, 
  trust me when i say corbyn 's opinion is not a popular one . 
  brits are incredibly proud of their contribution to ww2 and would never let nato die . 
  that 's part of why many of the responses you 're getting are quite emotionally charged, 
  i feel like / r/europe is finally starting to understand the weird and wonderful british culture wars that can produce something like brexit . 
   the one thing i 've never been able to get answered by those that regurgitate `` scotland is too poor we subsidise them the eu does n't want another greece '' why do you subsidise us if thats the case ? 
  if it was the other way round i 'd be dying for england to get to fuck . 
  many here have an emotional attachment to the union and our neighbour countries . 
  obviously more than in scotland . 
  i guess crime does pay . 
  hence why things could n't keep going on the way they were . 
  depending on financial services to support an entire economy is not sustainable, 
  think that 's the first french comment i 've seen that 's positive about us , 
  pfft , at least you 're not actually in europe , you do n't have to deal with hearing it all the time . 
  unlike the united kingdom of literally hitler . 
  i have actually lived in other european countries . 
  what i loved about france , for example , was its fundamental french-ness ; especially in smaller towns down south . 
  i love these places because of their identity and community , and i tried my very hardest to integrate with them . 
  i think it would be sad if loads and loads of english people moved into small french towns though , and forced the local communities to move elsewhere to find work . 
  i would n't want the consequence of my travelling to be economic hardship and cultural distillation for the places i move to . 
  i love european people of every nation , from german to polish to romanian to greek , and everything in between . 
  but i also love england , and i have to think about my community too . 
  well , my community is right here in britain , and i 'm happy with it . 
  well then that 's a fundamental ideological difference between us .
