i think the fact that we both have largely miserable weather contributes a lot to our shared cultural character !, 
  certainly i feel at home in rainy normandy, 
  i would n't be an englishman if i did n't constantly complain . 
  i do still love ol' blighty though . 
  all the praise you can expect from a damn grenouille . 
  keep your flamebait and uninformed negativity off this thread please . 
  hear , hear, 
  `` i eat not meat '' is correct '' . 
  `` i like not it '' is n't correct but `` i like it not '' is . 
  they 're just archaic - you would n't hear either in spoken language . 
  well , that does n't mean we 've been poor allies to you . 
  when would we even have the opportunity to `` give lives for you ? '', 
  do n't know if you noticed but we recently upped our troop commitment in the baltics, 
   i guess you were just nice at that time because tourists have money what a ridiculous statement . 
  i think you know that this is n't true , you 're just trying to say something hurtful because you 're offended by the vote . 
  how is supporting the eu `` red '' ? 
  how any self-respecting socialist can honestly support the eu is completely beyond me . 
  suck-up . 
  you 're just not seeing it . 
  part of the reason why london raises a tax surplus is because it brain drains the rest of the uk . 
  go to birmingham or sheffield or leeds . 
  everything in london is funded better than in those places . 
  it does n't matter whether in absolute terms london loses money . 
  in my home city they ca n't even run the fucking buses on time ( they 're supposed to come once per hour but it 's more like once every two ) , meanwhile people in london complain about the pettiest shit and never realise how good they have it . 
  do n't make the mistake of thinking the uk relies on london . 
  london relies on us . 
  you 're lucky that governments have over-funded you for so long . 
  i do n't think it is overshadowed . 
  do n't forget that we lost more more in the first world war than the second . 
  no , that 's the difference between tabloid and broadsheet journalism, 
  culturally left if not economically, 
  every thread , jfc, 
  first time i 've been proud of my country in a while . 
  i mean it as an impersonal `` you '' . 
  not you specifically . 
  i would . 
  well that 's not really good enough . 
  most of us know brexiters . 
  my parents and my best friend are brexiters . 
  so when you say `` brexiters are stupid fucking racist idiots '' , then yes it still stings . 
  and besides , most people on this sub do n't even make the distinction . 
  lol . 
  definitely not . 
  for reference , see furore over refugee children this week . 
  just wow . 
  yeah , probably . 
  it 's kind of annoying when everyone keeps saying brexit will send us into decline . 
  we 've been in decline for years , that 's how brexit happened in the first place . 
  ca n't it be true and humourous ? 
  it 's hardly unlikely that he said this , let 's face it . 
  satirical , not pure satire . 
  plenty of sections of the magazine are factual but humourous . 
  often they do important investigative work to hold the rest of the press to account . 
  no it 's not . 
  it tackles the news humourously but it 's not satirical . 
  that 's better, 
  man , i hope they leave . 
  nothing against scots , they 're a brother nation , but i ca n't take any more of this squabbling and bad blood . 
  maybe it would be better for our relationship if they struck out on their own . 
  speak for yourself, 
  i did n't mean you specifically , more the subreddit response as a whole . 
  this is absolutely great for me to read , how the discussion changes when it 's poland and not britain . 
  not that i have any problem with poland , i think it 's a wonderful place and never had a bad experience with the people - but now maybe you have an idea of what it 's like to be a brit on this sub , 
  ah , you see , i thought you were a jingoist . 
  i now see you 're just a moron . 
  thanks for clearing that up , 
  did you mean to reply to someone else ? 
  i do n't really know what you 're talking about, 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's trolling . 
  it 's amnesty because they came under the rules of free movement and would n't have a legal status without it . 
  therefore amnesty is needed to ensure they can still live here . 
  i think you 're being willfully dense . 
  no , they get amnesty because they will be residing in the uk despite the uk not being in the eu . 
  i thought that was obvious ? 
   this concept might be foreign for you seeing that you get your information from buzzfeed oh , it 's you again , thought i recognised your username and dismissive attitude . 
  seeing as you 're so smart i would have thought you 'd actually have read the article i linked to . 
  if you had indeed bothered to read it , you would have seen that the source for the data was yougov , who are highly reputable . 
  instead , you found it easier to just be ignorant and unthinking , like on this post . 
   learning about a country and going there is not the same thing yes , i know that . 
  you might have noticed that i have n't insulted your country or people , because i 've never been to bulgaria and do n't just regurgitate popular prejudice . 
  * emigrants if he 's talking from a british point of view , expat or emigrant is correct , immigrant is wrong . 
  you do n't call someone who moves out an immigrant . 
  it 's a joke , lads . 
  it 's proportional to the number of brit/polish users on the sub and the number of negative posts, 
  actually i see poles complaining about it all the time, 
  state of this comment, 
  i do hope so . 
  i 've heard a lot of french bile towards us , which is sad because i 'm a bit of a francophile and would like to move there some day . 
  yeah , so much banter , calling us scum and racist and wishing economic ruin on us . 
  i bet you hate it when people do the same to poland , yet you 'll defend it when it happens to the brits . 
  hypocrite . 
  yeah , look at this classic `` banter '' guys ... 
  the classic kind-hearted banter of / r/europe ... 
  it 's all in good fun !, 
  so you feel unwelcomed in a country which you 've never been to and have no interest in learning about ? 
  yet it 's the brits who are ignorant ? 
  really ? 
  i sometimes feel vilified on your behalf when the russophobia gets out of control , it 's that bad . 
  yeah but even though i supported remain , most of my family voted leave . 
  so when people say `` leave voters are racist uneducated morons '' , you can see why it would rile some of us up .
