  that 's not my vision for europe ; i do n't want to live in a place where the cold logic of capitalism replaces community . 
  if that 's the european project then i want nothing to do with it . 
  so you 're saying ... if you do n't have a job , leave the country ? 
  that logic does n't make sense to most working class communities , sorry . 
  and it 's unreasonable to expect when there are factory jobs but migrants are filling them . 
  offensive , yes . 
  accurate , no . 
  yeah that 's right , british people are lazy scum compared to romanian ubermensch . 
  lmao , you do n't have circus clowns as bad as farage ? 
  i 'm guessing fn and fp\u00d6 do n't exist then right ? 
  seems to me like mainland europe has just as much of a far right problem as us . 
  kids in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  how anyone could say the obama administration 's foreign policy is `` reasonable '' is completely beyond me, 
  no problem , glad i could shine a light   i had no idea that inequality between different regions was that severe . 
   it is kind of extraordinary , though , that most of the uk has n't benefited from the single market at all . 
  iirc , the uk is actually the most unequal country in western europe and one the most in the developed world . 
  it really rubs me up the wrong way when people on here think we 're all just rich thanks to the eu but extremely ungrateful - maybe their perception would change if they visited a post-industrial town rather than just london . 
   i 'm still kind of dumbfounded that no one stopped to think how their vote on the uk 's internal politics would impact the rest of europe . 
  most well-informed people did ( not saying all leavers are uninformed ) . 
  unfortunately , for many it was a cry of rage rather than a coherent argument . 
  do n't forget also that in the uk we have fptp instead of proportional representation , so it 's very easy for huge portions of the electorate to be completely left behind by policy-makers . 
  the eu vote was always more about internal uk politics than the single market . 
  many people from deprived areas who voted leave did n't even know or care what the single market was , they only saw the continual decline of their areas while elites incessantly shouted at them that everything was fine , and that they were lucky to live in such an advanced economy . 
  of course immigration was important , but you have to look at it in the context of other issues : immigration is n't going to be as important to a middle-class londoner with a white-collar job as it is to someone who makes a shit wage and has seen the industry , shopping areas and culture of their locality go to absolute shit for 30 years . 
  i feel like people who live in europe sometimes struggle to understand what life in like in poorer places in england and wales . 
  it really is grim , and unlike in less developed eu countries like romania , there is absolutely no hope that anything will get better . 
  however , many , many people who voted leave did n't do so because of immigration . 
  there were plenty of other reasons , especially for people who are n't as poor , like my own family . 
  i just want you to understand that even when immigration is factored in , the issue is more complex than straight-up xenophobia . 
  edit : read this , it is a little dramatic though . 
  everyone on this sub needs to read this , and stop spouting nonsense about how the british hate europeans . 
  this kind of widespread social deprivation probably does n't even impact on their radar . 
  no it was n't . 
  stop believing everything you read on reddit . 
  the main reasons for leaving , based on my friends and family ( i voted remain ) : - discontent with london and the way the eu financial services industry has disproportionately benefitted them at the expense of the rest of the country - resentment towards the loss of uk manufacturing ( see recent steelworks debacle ) - antipathy to ttip - poor handling of the migrant crisis - perception that the eu hates english people, 
  for the millionth time , anti-eu is not anti-european . 
  stop putting words into our mouths . 
  neither i nor anyone i know , including leave voters , have any problems with any europeans . 
  oh my god , get over yourself - england and scotland are extremely close culturally , it 's not like as soon as you cross the border people will start hurling abuse at you . 
  nobody i have ever met `` vets people for foreign-ness '' in england , that 's a deluded fantasy . 
  so the `` with us or against us '' mentality is created by brussels , not london you either accept the eu or you 're anti-european , pick wisely because we will punish you if you make the wrong decision, 
  thanks switzerbro . 
  i voted remain and my opinion of the eu is souring second by second in this sub . 
  in case you forgot , almost half of us voted to stay - and now we 're getting accused of the actions of others and threatened with a punishment that we did n't vote for . 
  just fuck off , seriously , you would n't be saying all this shit if you were in our situation . 
  the problem is that it 's likely eu member states would veto our attempted re-entry out of spite . 
  even though so many of us voted to remain in the first place . 
  people in london often do n't realise how segregated communities are in the midlands and north because in their bubble , it works fine . 
  that 's because in london you have every nationality imaginable , so it 's necessary to all get along so society functions . 
  in places like bradford however , there are at most three communities , that all avoid each other like the plague . 
  i 've noticed it in my home city of birmingham - there are starkly muslim ghettos and starkly white ghettos with virtually no mixing . 
  the approval rate of the leaders of western countries is much , much lower . 
  think about it this way : how likely is it that the russian government would change if an election was held tomorrow ? 
  well i have been to russia and spoken with actual russian people , yes ... as well as reading the hard work done by international polling organisations, 
  something like 70 % . 
  a little higher on foreign policy , a little lower on domestic policy . 
  the sad thing is , the numbers are n't even exaggerated . 
  to be fair , if russia was going to have any dictatorship , a liberal one would cause less of an international shitstorm, 
  not true . 
  i voted remain and ukpol is much more reasonable still . 
  yes, 
  we know that we 're not liked in europe . 
  it 's always been that way . 
  haha , good one !, 
  it was so sunny at the weekend too . 
  i 'm bloody sick of the russian winter , it 's worse than england . 
  drink !, 
  stop role-playing as a country , idiot . 
  clearly the british people collectively wrote this headline , it 's obviously not just tabloid sensationalism . 
  christ almighty , the discourse on this sub sometimes ... 
  only with muslim immigration . 
  / r/europe is surprisingly white/euro nationalist at times . 
  hence the differing reactions to sweden democrats ( anti-muslim immigration , a-okay ) and ukip ( anti-all immigration , nasty and racist ) . 
  yes it is . 
  they 're pro-mass immigration . 
  they just also dislike muslims . 
  i 'm just making sure we 're on the same page that your hatred of britain is based on irish nationalism and not on britain 's relationship with europe . 
  no , i voted remain . 
  just saying that nasty words from the likes of you and others in this sub have long since lost their effectiveness . 
  it 's fine , europeans ( and irish ) hated us too even before brexit . 
  we 're pretty used to being hated . 
  right , so your resentment has nothing to do with the eu and everything to do with bitterness over the troubles . 
  glad we got that straight . 
  while we 're at it , let 's give independence to cornwall , london , yorkshire , the lleyn peninsula and also my back garden . 
  hear , hear . 
  i love all of europe , with or without the project . 
  you 're right , british media is a whole is really appalling . 
  pioneered the awful brand of sensationalism in vogue internet-wide . 
   look ma , i posted it again !, 
  well then i 'm just glad we 're in agreement that the kettle is indeed black . 
  i 'm pretty sure many irish do n't feel that way , as much as we 'd like it to be true . 
  clich\u00e9 and wrong as usual , how does this shit get upvoted every time ? 
  wow very fair and balanced there . 
  i really sympathise with the irish and their quixotic quest to make the uneducated brits see sense . 
  this is n't a surprise . 
  good luck to them , hope we can both prosper apart and begin to repair our relationship . 
  alright calm down fucking hell, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/5zikfc/brexit_secretary_david_davis_says_government_has/ read the same thread as here on / r/ukpolitics , i 'll think you 'd be surprised how balanced it is, 
  just because you 're self-hating it does n't make you irish . 
  just because you do n't like the stereotypes of america , does n't make you not an american .
