throw in a partition and find out . 
  seriously though , look at kashmir . 
  what began as minor religious skirmishes has developed into a full blown hostile situation with nuclear arms . 
  things can always get worse , especially when you try to instruct groups on where they can and can not go . 
  they begin to feel extra persecuted , which fuels their reasons for rebelling/warring . 
   for syria i propose to partition the country partition almost never works . 
  in fact i ca n't point to a single occasion where imposed partition has lessened tension and violence , not increased it . 
  yeah , if we could stop tarring all refugees as ungrateful and greedy , that 'd be great . 
  i do n't speak german , so i have to go off the picture , but it does n't look to be more than 35 people protesting . 
  every group has their small amount of crazies and their chancers , why would you expect refugees to be any different ? 
  `` one death is a tragedy , a thousand is a statistic . '', 
  of course we should not let emotion overrule logic and reason in any argument , but if any good can come from this particular death , i hope that it may show some of the more staunch anti-migrant people that , above all else , we are dealing with the lives of real people here . 
  `` he used to spend a lot of time in the basement , but we did n't think it was too unusual . '', 
  austria is the equivalent of the serial killer whose neighbours appear on the news saying `` he was always so quiet , you 'd never expect anything like this from him . '', 
  if you 've ever seen the hitchcock film * the lady vanishes * , it 's set in a small european mountain nation which is exactly as you 've described andorra here . 
  is n't that the definition of plagiarism ? 
  taking credit for the work of others ? 
  is n't that what elena ceaucescu used to do ? 
  but 45 % of scottish people did want to leave , that may not be the majority but surely it indicates that something is rotten in the westminster system . 
  the problem with that referendum was that it was n't held in conjunction with an election . 
  you got a turnout of less than 50 % . 
  also it was only voting for alternative vote which would n't actually improve the situation . 
  i 'd just like to point out that in new zealand under mixed member proportional we really get the best of both worlds in what you 're saying . 
  when you go into the polling booth you get two votes , a party vote and an electorate vote . 
  you can vote for your preferred local candidate , but you do not have to vote for his or her party . 
  this way if you want joe bloggs from party a to be your local representative , but do n't want joe bloggs ' party in power , you can vote to reflect that . 
  plausible , but new zealand sort of throws a spanner into those works . 
  nz also does not have a formal written constitution ( neither does israel ) , but we dropped fptp back in 1996 after a referendum in 1993 . 
  both the referendum and the implementation occurred during the reign of a centre-right government led by the national party . 
  as a sidenote , the national party tended to fare better under fptp , much like it benefits the conservatives today . 
  the reason we underwent such drastic electoral reform is pretty much down to voter dissatisfaction . 
  this frankly baffling uk election gives you guys the best shot you 've probably ever had at instigating some real electoral reform . 
  the problem in the uk is that i think you 've got too many voter issues to think about before people start concerning themselves with electoral reform . 
  you 've got scotland , eu membership , and the nhs which probably take precedence in the minds of the voters . 
  i think the reason why the uk has n't considered proportional representation an issue before is that uk government is quite westminster-centric and historically it 's really only been an issue in northern ireland , wales , and scotland . 
  for a long time it 's been a famous fact that scotland has more pandas than conservative mp 's , yet frequently is governed by a party they rarely vote for . 
  when you look at the electorate maps for the uk over the last 6-7 elections , there is n't much of a change in most of england . 
  elections seem to be won or lost based on what happens between leicester and the scottish border . 
  the tiny pacific island nation of tuvalu is partially funded by it 's domain . tv they make roughly $ 2.2 million a year , or 10 % of total government revenue . 
  jeez , what 'd i say ? 
  if nigel farage has taught me anything , it 's that the only good pole is a deed poll , or something like that . 
  in your face switzerland , you can take your nazi gold and shove it !, 
  he just needs a speech bubble saying `` i do n't speak your dopey fucking lingo mate , ca n't any of you lazy pricks speak english ? '', 
  even though i know this is supposed to piss me off , it still genuinely pissed me off . 
  i guess that 's the hallmark of a brilliant troll . 
  well , braveheart was filmed in ireland ... 
  * [ sips victory gin ; vomits ] *, 
  mostly in the north in liverpool and manchester , and in the old seaside towns like morecambe and blackpool . 
  until the 1970 's they were some of the most popular holiday destinations for british travellers , but cheaper and cheaper airfares has meant that the british tourist trade is drying up , and the people move away for better prospects elsewhere . 
  do n't get me wrong , britain still has a housing shortage , but it 's mostly concentrated in the south , in london . 
  as the old industrial cities like manchester , liverpool , and belfast strive to evolve , more and more northerners are making the move south . 
  i could name towns in england with huge swathes of deserted housing , ready to be demolished , that does n't prove anything about immigration . 
  places like spain and portugal , to name just two . 
  in certain parts of the algarve the permanent british population is as much as 15 % . 
  one mp has already been murdered because of this sort of rhetoric , the more hateful it gets , the more likely something like that is liable to happen again . 
  i 'm not worried there 's going to be a violent revolution , i 'm worried another mp , or one of those judges , is going to be murdered and there will still be no accountability for hate-mongers like the daily mail and the express . 
  the awfulness of the successive viscounts rothermere is well documented . 
  peter ustinov wrote that when he was considering a move to switzerland in the 1960 's , in order to avoid paying british tax , a reporter from the daily mail called him asking if he was ` doing a burton ' ( in reference to richard burton living in switzerland ) . 
  ustinov responded `` you mean doing a rothermere ? '', 
  ( in reference to the fact viscount rothermere lived in france as a tax exile ) . 
  there was a long pause before the reporter responded `` fair enough . '', 
  and hung up . 
  someone is going to interpret that as a literal call to arms . 
  these editors need to be reined in before ukip/bnp/edl members start arming themselves . 
  this is straight up fascist rhetoric . 
  not that fascist rhetoric is uncommon to the pages of the daily mail . 
  there needs to be an inquiry into responsible reporting for this kind of shit before another politician or judge is murdered for being a ` traitor . ', 
  there may be 4 iowa class ships afloat , but they were all decommissioned years ago . 
  most navies do focus on on sea to air combat . 
  only a handful of ships are built with the intention of engaging other ships , most are designed to launch/shoot down planes or missiles , or as troop transport , or as light cruisers and patrols . 
   yet they have n't been ahead at any point with corbyn as leader . 
  actually they have . 
  twice . 
  in march and april , just before the referendum as i said . 
   first i 've heard of it . 
  perhaps you should pay closer attention , then . 
   what yougov poll is that ? 
  the poll of labour members ? 
  nope . 
  poll of ` preferred pm ' . 
  may is in the lead , obviously , but corbyn comes out on top over smith , though both were behind `` do n't know . '', 
  again , i 'm no corbynista , but the polls show that unpopular as he is , he 's the best chance labour have at winning in 2020 . 
  or at the very least , not hemorrhaging more seats . 
  at the moment he 's doing about as well as neil kinnock did in '87 ( 30-31 % ) , that 's during a leadership contest too , and prior to the eu referendum it had been as high as 40 % . 
  miliband only managed 30 % against the comparatively capable cameron . 
  unelected may is a poor parliamentary performer and worse with public image . 
  it 's far too early to call 2020 as a washout now . 
   who do n't represent the labour voters or the wider public so when they do n't support your viewpoint , yougov polls are rubbish , but when they do support your views `` look !, 
  here 's what yougov is saying ! '', 
  you 're neglecting to mention that labour had actually been polling in the 28-29 % area over the past few weeks , so a move up to 31 % , even if followed by a slip back to 30 % is n't really so bad considering they have been in a leadership election for 3 months . 
  those same yougov polls put corbyn as the preferred leader not only for recent registered members of the party , but with long term full members of the party , as well as the trade union affiliates . 
  so it 's not just a ` bunch of grass roots activists ' voting for corbyn , he 's had the backing of older members too . 
  i 'm under no illusions that a corbyn win in 2020 is unlikely , but unlike you i 'm not deluding myself that everything would be fine if he was n't leader . 
  he 's the best chance labour has got , and that says more about the labour party at large than it does about jeremy corbyn . 
   unpopular with his party not as unpopular as the ` credible alternative ' though , is he ? 
   hugely unpopular with the voters again , leads owen smith in yougov polls by double figures . 
  you ca n't deny that forcing a leadership election * at the very same moment that the prime minister is resigning * means that no leader , no matter how popular with the voters , no matter how popular with his own party , could ever capitalize on that . 
  labour had the perfect opportunity to present a united front as a credible and mature alternative to the conservative party , instead they chose to say `` do n't worry , we 'll have a leadership contest too !, 
  and ours will be far more drawn out and vicious than any conservative leadership election could be ! '', 
  even that played right into theresa may 's hands .
