my soul died when i ordered a beer in a club and was a handed .33 l heineken can and bartender asked for 58 kr . 
  * [ citation needed ] * seriously , i 'd like to hear/read/watch that . 
  whether it 's oil or lithium ( or whatever afghanistan has ) , i do n't want to get into what goes where and who gets the money . 
  we have / r/conspiracy for this kind of stuff . 
  what i 'm saying is : it happened once , so there is no reason not to believe it 's happening again . 
  it 's not about what they told ukraine . 
  they started a war based on forged evidence before . 
  so why not do it again ? 
  the real question is , who would benefit from this conflict . 
  in the past it was because of natural resources . 
  i do n't know what ( natural ) resources ukraine has , but they have quite important gas pipelines there . 
  he might be right and that is the worst thing . 
  looking back to invasion of afghanistan and iraq , i 'd say shooting down an airliner is n't such a far fetched idea to start a war . 
  according to the map , it should be * czechmate atheist !, 
  i wonder how many of those 5k will stay in poland . 
  you ca n't compare slow migration between countries that have been developing next to each for centuries and sudden influx in magnitudes of 100k a month , influx of wannabes who just came and you have no idea what to do with them . 
  it 's not surprising that there is more vacancies and companies are struggling to fill the spots . 
  why ? 
  because they are reluctant to pay more their employees and nowadays , it 's not difficult to find out what money you can make across the border . 
  you can send them to svalbard , maybe they 'll like polar bears . 
  unfortunately , it is or will became problem of everybody in europe . 
  problem is , that there is n't exactly a queue to enter czech republic , in fact , quite the opposite . 
   the eu exists because of societal and basically geographical reasons . 
  there are certain values attached to it . 
  i can only agree with this and losing those values is what we are afraid of . 
  those values being challenged and by sudden , unfounded tolerance towards a completely different culture ( s ) . 
  given their entrance to europe , by coming here illegally , despising our laws , rioting and demanding anything ; that 's not the way it works here . 
  what 's worse that people are actually ok with it , supporting it and showing compassion , because they got pepper sprayed at the border etc. 
  of course , there are those who actually got chased away by war and i have no problem helping those . 
  as for the rest . . when did it stop being ok to tell them `` fuck off , you 're not welcomed here '' ? 
  it 's not one-way street . 
  ee gets money in return for something . 
  like producing limited amount of food for example . 
  for that food producers in we wo n't be threaten by equal , but cheaper product and they wo n't lose jobs , but then people in ee will lose job , because companies do n't need that many employees . 
  so country will get money from eu to find or create different job opportunities . 
  the difference between majority of ee and we is that ee realized that shit hit the fan and started taking care of themselves . 
  meanwhile we still thinks it 's ok , because there is a quota of 160k and then they 'll stop coming for sure . . 
  season 5 : go to season 1 . 
  even if we accepted the quotas , then what ? 
  it 's not like they would stop coming to europe and 3 months later ... * oh btw ... we habe additional 50k migrants . 
  hier are new quotas . 
  did unsc actually achieved something ? 
  they seemed to be those guys that talk , criticize and kick around , but at the end everybody ignores them . 
  which they totally deserved . 
  and immigrants do n't want to go there either . 
  all they 'll achieve is pissing off v4 . 
  that 's like scene from 300 . 
  it was n't the case ~ 500 years ago . 
  [ that happened !, 
  but the driver dropped them off in bratislava . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/cqese-ikbi8 ), 
  there is n't anything like freedom of speech , that 's a myth . 
  it is always controlled by something . 
  there is no god here . 
  religion in czech republic is decaying and i see no reason why should we allow to any religion rise again . 
  come on germany . . it 's ok to be intolerant . 
  with this policy of being super politically correct , you 're just digging a grave for your country . 
  i admit , i do n't . 
  however those migrants do . 
  they board some sort of raft , when they are like 30km into the mediterranean , they send sos , italian navy comes , and do the rest of the trip for them . 
  i think would be enough if they just stop picking up everything that floats on mediterranean and bringing to italy . 
  in other words , ec wasted time and solved nothing . 
  it 's like redecorating your house after a flood , while the water is still in the house . 
  he is technically correct . 
  they managed to get to sweden . 
  sweden !, 
  look at the map in sidebar . 
  they went through a lot of countries , illegally , rioted in some of them !, 
  like in hungary . 
  you do n't run from a warzone and then start rioting in a foreign country , which is perfectly safe , but not so rich as germany or sweden . 
  quotas are pointless when there is no plan to stop the influx . 
  when greece and italy start doing their job and protect schengen borders as they should , then it will be time for this . 
  and according to pictures you find in newspaper , it 's about 95 % . 
  what is italian navy doing so close to libyan coast ? 
  ok , save them , but then drop them off in libya . 
  fuck sake italy , you 're supposed to defended schengen . 
  this is complete opposite . 
  nowadays , when you say something against immigrants , you 're immediately called racist and xenophobe . 
  and it will get worse , because eu completely failed and only thing they came up with are those quotas . 
  border countries of schengen were supposed to defend it and what 's actually happening ? 
  macedonia closed their borders and hungarians building a fence , because greece does n't doing its job . 
  italian navy picks up anything that floats on mediterranean and brings it to europe . 
  and politics are only talking and talking , taking no actions , just to remain politically correct . 
  is it actual consumption or just sales ? 
  how about they spend time on something more important . 
  like those vacuum cleaner power restriction . 
  well . . there you go http://blogs.esa.int/rosetta/2015/06/14/rosettas-lander-philae-wakes-up-from-hibernation/, 
  how about the figure a way to get rid off messages like * `` this content is not available at your territory due to limited copyright . 
  '' * at the end you 'll get the content anyway . 
  it really depends what 's going to happen with the comet in upcoming three months as it swings around sun . 
  depending how much it will heat up and what the gas jets will do with its spin/wobble . 
  also the comet will face the sun in a different angle as it starts leaving inner solar system . 
  hava a look here http://blogs.esa.int/rosetta/ tldr : rosetta is taking pictures and doing some science , philae is still hibernating . 
  because if she 's roma , then you can call them racists . . 
  [ by rowan atkinson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owgzdynpaso ), 
  so if afd is far-right , does that make cdu a far-left party ? 
  that because they are n't refugees , but economic migrants . 
  why would they go to any v4 country , when they get more money in the western/northern countries ? 
  i was expecting [ this ] ( http://img.blesk.cz/img/1/normal620/1035170_zeman.jpg ) . 
  of course it does n't .
