  and all this is obviously seen from the satellite which is orbiting around jupiter . 
  i have it . 
  it 's mythical not legendary and came with the t-shirt . 
  you get kantusa the script sword with the dota 2 ss kana . 
  dk demon edge is from wetanz.com i bet . 
  they got a reallife copy they are selling and they are including an ingame item with those . 
  that is his design . 
  he is a midgame carry that can hardcarry if he gets fed , just like drow . 
  he is supposed to be like that . 
  think again . 
  tell me when did i call jugg a hard carry . 
  as the guy said . 
  dota needs dedication . 
  if i did n't learn all heroes and their abilities , skill builds , item builds by myself , i never would play with pro players , but i did . 
  my friend did n't , he did n't knew bm ult goes through bkb after 100 games and i have to tell him builds all the time . 
  you wo n't be good just by pressing buttons and copying guides . 
  i use space for items . 
  where is your god now ? 
  can someone say the rarity types of those items ? 
  he gets shat on by many heroes . 
  add the extra dmg they take , instagib unless pl has 6 hearts . 
  favorite dota 2 cosmetic item ? 
  favorite color ? 
  what would you do if you were icefrog for a day ? 
  let the circlejerk begin, 
  swag bro , its all about swag and posting it on reddit . 
  valve best troll ru, 
  thanks for revealing who was involved in making silencer purple . 
  sven can rape him with equal farm . 
  well warded, 
  this hero spreads aids if you lane him with viper , he spreads aids on a lesser scale without him but good enough against heroes with low disease immunity . 
  icefrog preparing the nerfhammer . 
  but everyone cares when he posted pictures of his . 
  * double standards *, 
  i reccomend sennheiser , solid company with solid products . 
  nothing is worth the money when 50 % of the price is the company logo . 
  but . . 
  but ... 
  it 's for * gamers * !, 
  just wait for downvotes because you speak the truth . 
  wow , a person who actually knows what to buy . 
  respect . 
  did it on wisp relocate . 
   recently, 
   767 games . 
  should 've played before the nerf . 
  do n't try kotl and ck then . 
  gold . . 
  you obviously never played there . 
  do n't make assumptions . 
  ironic aswell . 
   before you got your invite, 
  okay almighty scrubdestroyer who is de bezt . 
  + '' very high '' gives no information whatsoever about your skill level . 
  + just because you get some tryhards does n't mean all of them are like that . 
  + i 've made aghs on void with al mania on my team and he asked why i did n't go refresher . 
  * yea , everyone blames you for getting items . 
  purge please !, 
  please stop being distracted so easily . 
  one video you were explaining skills and you looked top for a second , thought and forgot that you were in the middle of describing them . 
  pl : now has 0 base damage and his illusions take 500 % bonus damage and ca n't use feedback . 
  magnus ult reworked : makes a huge noise and does nothing . 
  antimage can no longer purchase battlefury, 
  if a hero that was n't popular wins a tournament game , he will be nerfed shortly . 
  edit :, 
  treant protector 's ultimate is now global targeted aoe ,, 
  living armor does n't have stacks and lasts full duration no matter what ,, 
  nature 's guise is now aoe and allies can use spells and items without breaking it . 
  100 bonus base damage, 
  leeching seed slow doubles each second . 
  yea , never build int !, 
  it sucks !, 
  do you call a tomato pepper just because it is red too ? 
  filco majestouch ii blue switches, 
  with russians and huhehuehues as the 90 % of the studentbase, 
  it 's pretty much cherry picking , i mean it was the whole game and all they showed was 3 plays . 
  fans gon na fan , he is a good pudge but he is definitely overrated . 
  he is just playing him unlike others who do n't want to risk it while na'vi is all about surprise picks and risk . 
  it 's not like void has 140 dmg bashes at lvl 7 on a target that ca n't do shit . 
  * gamburger, 
  what ? 
  but he has heals omg ofc necro is a support report noob carry necro troll . 
   night stalker 's nightmare - yes, 
  motherfucking global water balls for everyone !, 
  i really recommend watching the replay of 97023487 . 
  watch the chat . 
  do you want a player like that to actually spread his image into others ? 
  of course they were bad they were at his skill level . 
  omg this guy is as good as i am and he is terrible . 
  he is notorious for being a dick . 
  i am pretty sure us west exsists . 
  sf and pudge are in that list too, 
  winter wyvern !, 
  too soon ? 
  watch -  recent games -  filter by match id . 
  that 's racist !, 
  aka russian method . 
  how about * harbinger *, 
  now it 's just you * and me *, 
  his ult : feed an enemy to death with rice .
