  i really do n't see the point of nerfing a very skill reliable hero just because someone was good with him and used his greatest strenghts to his benefit . 
  omg morph op nerf icefraud '' and he listened ... 
  the only thing he should have gotten is the removal of being able to use items and attack while waveforming , but i think his abilities should still be able to be used , he is fucking water and just because he became water ^ ^ ^ ( waveform ) does n't mean he ca n't control himself . 
  the morph mana cost increase was justified though . 
  physics !, 
  he is a scientist !, 
  it 's pretty expected though , even lycan and vendetta form gives him a ranged crit . 
  axe axes and jugg masks just for you !, 
  i 'd say 9 minutes is the limit . 
  you should build some int . 
  sadly , they patched it . 
  you get regular xp now . 
  i really like this one , looks really grim and his head does n't look like a x, 
  this one , has my approval though , really grim and does n't mishshape his head and staff into some bullshit . 
  funnily enough , it has never been the case when i actually played , the gold would still remain on the hero , i am just watching a custom game with 4v5 and the player after 30 minutes still has 3k in his bank despite leaving the game and being unable to return . 
  while i understand your point , it has also happened in normal games , after one person left , others do that too , but only the gold from the leaver is split even though the others left aswell and are searching for another game . 
  i myself are unsure atm so i would like to see some proof against me or supporting me since my games i remembered this happened are no longer available to be replayed . 
  please do n't talk out of your ass just so that silencer can get unjustified morphling treatment . 
  he is fine , his skills are not shit which they used to be and now people all cry that this hero is useful . 
  ok he wins against most mids and it 's horrible , but when bat does that it 's ok ? 
  he snowballs decently , but he has od syndrome ; bkb or orchid and he is useless . 
  no , they are just mad that they lost to teamwork . 
  i have respect to other 's opinion , until they are stupid and unreasonable . 
  he is a glass cannon and everyone should finally understand that . 
  he has damage but he is n't immortal , that 's what people forget ; that once a hero is fed they think it 's the heroe 's fault and not the fact that he had uncontested farm which he took to get relevant again after getting ganked . 
  2 ganks on sf wo n't mean he will be useless for the whole game if you do n't pressure him after that , that 's what people never get . 
  magnus can legitemately rush it after his blink , ab and optional drums as a initiator . 
  noone likes rp so guess how people react when their team is stunned for 7.5 seconds . 
  i really do n't see what 's so hard , he intentionally skips the last sentence of almost every description and wonders afterwards what happened . 
  maybe make it global and targeted ? 
  kill people . 
  people forget about what a furion can do just by teleporting , suddenly it 's one more enemy and he has some form of cc to keep enemies in place , mana heavy but you got a freaking global tp , it 's worth it . 
  you should always have 150 mana to sprout + tp and pull as much as you can so that you give your lanes an advantage . 
  a brain . 
  a hero that thrives on being unbothered will be a top hero in low level play , just kill her . 
  any hero will do , really . 
  blinks or gap closers for extra points . 
  i 'd say ghost scepter is better against her if you do n't rely on attacking . 
  * situational, 
  i have played against good drows and i have played against good bloodseekers . 
  a hero is n't what makes a good player , but a good player who uses a hero to his advantage . 
  40 free agility , okay she hits hard at level 6 , more or less just hard as luna . 
  and ? 
  she just works that way , she has no real farming skills , she does not have any stuns , her orb is really short so you ca n't slow multiple heroes . 
  she is just meant to kill 1v1 until later . 
  so if she kills you it is n't the heroes fault , it 's yours to let a hero who needs to kill to be effective get kills . 
  yes it 's really simple to deal with her . 
  you gank and push , just like against any other carry . 
  well , pubs = / = no teamwork . 
  in general yes , but you can be surprised what some good random players can manage to do . 
  he should get the ogre magi multicast sound when he gets multiple 4second stuns in a row . 
  so deal with it . 
   if you think she 's only good in 1v1 then you do n't know what you 're talking about, 
   she is just meant to kill 1v1 ** until later . 
  yup she is a hero with big range , big damage and that 's what makes the hero actually viable , and it 's * horrible * !, 
  leshrac pushes way too fast and way too early too , chen too , ench too , lycan too , prophet too . 
  there is no '' way too early '' , if she is pushing ; she is n't farming , if you let her pound on the tower uninterrupted do n't be surprised if the tower takes damage . 
  the aura pushes her lane , i do n't see how a carry would love to boost his rangeds creep damage early in the game . 
  i played her like 5-6 times and i do n't say you are wrong but it hurts to me when non-pro people try to balance . 
  just look what happened to morphling , all the butthurt from forums and players and he became piss . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm pro , but if you want to talk balance , i really believe icefrog knows what to do , without non-professional feedback . 
  finland can not into dota, 
  '' the bot god '', 
  create your own bots that will win against chris ' . 
  but ... 
  it 's their fault !!, 
  hate them !, 
  now !, 
  i was just compressing the tweet and the mindset people who support and are behind this and similar tweets . 
  sd generally counters illusion heroes or heroes that like to get diffu . 
  the username speaks for itself . 
  yeah , right ... 
  i mean , i am totally able to carry 4 newbs against 5 decent people , yea . 
  double standards . 
  i still do n't get why it calculates the angle when it hits not when it 's launched , pretty retarded . 
  the amount of people not willing to win but play solo is very high in sd as i found out . 
  do n't know why . 
  why not pick the best one out of all of them ? 
  yea , i mean using shackle , blinking to the other side of the target and shackling him to the tree which was next to you is so intuitive !, 
  i have reasons for it . 
  would you sacrifice a person at your skill level to a newb in your team just to get the enemy team a bit worse ? 
  yea , in theory the good player should carry the team , but what if his team does n't allow it through their incompetence ? 
  he will either play a good support and end with a shitty carry or play a good carry and end up with shitty support . 
  the only way to win like that is to go mid and roflstomp . 
  at higher , too . 
  if they overextend they wo n't get rid of the bugs and they will have to choose between killing bugs or running away , if they let them stay on for too long you will kill them in 2 geminate attacks . 
  if i am hardlane i want to max out shukuchi for the cooldown and decide if i am using a lot of mana to shukuchi from harass or i am the one harassing . 
  if i am sure i will have mana problems , i get 2 levels in geminate before 6 and if i feel i can kill someone i get 1 in swarm and 1 in geminate . 
  afterwards i max geminate while having 1 rank of bugs at level 8 if i maxed geminate . 
  not he , but the windrunnner ... 
  i think his carapace is the problem . 
  i do n't know if its op though , it 's just really annoying . 
  so that he would be viable at mid , he could n't even come to creeps without losing a lot of hp . 
  but . . winrate !, 
  omg drow so imba so big winrate iecforg plz ban dis heeroo no konter 10000000000 dmg lvl 6 y she kill me i play best hero bloed siker and she kill when i silence, 
  escapes and survivability does n't count when drow has been farming uninterrupted for 20 minutes and this happens . 
  she is imba !, 
  she does damage when noone ganks her !, 
  troll is actually viable , he is a better ursa imo and his ult fucks people really hard without being even close . 
  i think this is because people realize how to deal with carries .
