  because '' toxic '', 
  nice , just remember you ca n't form the commonwealth while you have more than 1 union, 
   safe on a lot of moves, 
  are we talking out of our asses again because dae eryu 2stronk xddd, 
  most people who played then , are most likely not playing anymore after the shit riot pulled , myself included, 
  but what about ... 
  gw2 is n't that bad ... 
  let 's pray for the expansion, 
  i really do n't think so , 2 mediums yes but one should always connect on everyone, 
  frustrate your opponent into making mistakes and punish them, 
  getting in as zangief is way harder than getting in as abel , maybe that 's why, 
  [ ] ( / overrustle ), 
  but , you can load up your witcher 1 save to get some start dosh/items and minor plot changes to reflect your actions from the save, 
  anything is racist if the target is not white, 
   you should n't die if you have an advantage !!, 
  umm , let 's go to the killing natives thing now, 
  vikings take what is theirs, 
  so , is the new meta going for admin ideas first ? 
  look !, 
  they are moving away from the port !, 
  quick lets roll out boys, 
  oh shit they are still here, 
  i do n't think 100 % is a must for independence , the ai just waits for a moment where it thinks it can win . 
  when they have 100 % the overlord most likely does n't have an army so they declare war, 
  wrong , you are supposed to send the dickpic first and then ask, 
  i always got the feeling that economic is shit , and it 's only gotten for the discipline policy , have the changes made it good ? 
   multiplayer is different . 
  in general , human players can much more efficiently utilize advantages from quality ( e.g. 
  breaking frontline centers and before flanking damage accumulates ) . 
  could you explain ? 
  both, 
  * 2 trillion, 
  rip russian pepes, 
  / r/atheism is leaking, 
  so edgy, 
  get on the news m8 , heehee will eclipse teehee due to improvements to the dank and memeness and every meme expert will tell you that . 
  we just have to wait until we get some solid samples, 
  and if you ca n't , you can just google what is the right thing to google, 
  hey , there is always hope for making pc the standard ^ ^ ^ ^ pls, 
  he is certainly aware , but he may be considering it a pointless fight if people never realise that the game is balanced around cm, 
  i do n't know , been a while since i played but i always considered him a viable lategame hero with his aoe attacks , not a turbocarry but still i felt like he could do some work with items . 
  did you know , people who are toxic lose 36,49385 % more games ? 
  but leblanc takes mechanics , knowing the order of pressing buttons is a really anti toxic engaging system that allows for big outplays, 
  rankeds are now 10 bots fighting eachother while you spectate and place bets to increase your mmr, 
  so you are saying they are still looking for his shoes ? 
  are you sure it works ? 
  i got lucky like a week ago with the advisor , got 100 relations and royal marriage with poland and they still did n't want to accept the alliance . 
  you can , you just ca n't take an admin idea group if over 50 % of your idea groups are admin too . 
  applies to diplo and military ideas too, 
  i think i tried but , do they have to turn friendly ? 
  they stayed neutral for me even when i had over 150 relations, 
  yes, 
  remove baguette first, 
   also , if one of these trade companies has over 50 % of the trade power in a node , it grants you an extra merchant . 
  correction , it 's provincial trade power , not total trade power, 
  to add to this , has there really been a crit/bash that decided a game of dota ? 
  i really do n't think so, 
  i think you also lose your swedish events when you form scandinavia , so that may be a point against forming it , but cultural unions always accept your culture group . 
  other nations may be formed for new/better ideas and claims, 
  he did n't buy the '' happy enemies '' dlc ? 
  do you seriously consider people who buy this stuff to actually evaluate if the product is any good besides having mk in its name ? 
  the circlejerk on / r/mortalkombat for nrs is almost as bad or worse than riot circlejerk on / r/leagueoflegends and that 's saying a lot, 
  i completely agree . 
  we will see how well it will perform in tests , and how the 1st generation series turn out but expectations remain high, 
  yeah , and some people do n't give a shit about them, 
  they have to buy if they want to play those characters, 
  loud as fuck though, 
  did he play oni there ? 
  yeah , i find it weird that they did a good system with dota 2 and managed to fuck this one so bad . 
  that pepe is not even rare , stop wasting our time, 
  goods produced +500 %, 
  trust me i studied chemistry , the solution for every problem is more alcohol, 
  should 've taken economic ideas, 
  too much burden of knowledge on those spectators, 
  you got 1 minute dawg , if you do n't post any proof within 1 minute i 'm banning you, 
  in addition to adding provinces , for every month of peace in the empire , you gain some ia , if you hover over the thing that shows what bonuses emperor gets , it should be shown at the bottom . 
  thank you , i had no idea this existed . 
  does n't hard add bonuses to ai too ? 
  why diplo first ? 
  no homo, 
  then you masturbate to the glorious foolproof kick system, 
  any hints on the date ? 
  time passing studies, 
  you deliver , thanks a lot, 
  yeah thanks , the thumbnail was luckily oni so i went there at once . 
  is this some kind of a weekly/periodic thing ? 
  i honestly would love to see more of wao, 
  he just needs his hot chocolate first, 
  are you saying people will lie over the internet ??? 
  was n't it may argue ? 
  n-n-no ... 
  yeah , the bonus from economic is what , like 0.6 % per year . 
  i do n't really believe this is significant at all . 
  the only thing i agree that is good is the inflation reduciton since sometimes it 's hard to get the advisor , and the tax building comes in very late in the game . 
  if this would go through , i think the punishment for being detected while fabricating a claim should be drastically increased . 
  7.5 ae is almost nothing unless you 're in the hre, 
  well , you may be right , i do n't know how it worked in history , but for me it seems that you would seriously piss someone off if you suddenly said that they had regions that actually should belong to you, 
  because they see how much shit they can get away with just because it would be '' racist '' to call them out on it, 
  is of big dupa rock, 
  u2 is very situational to combo into if you want the full animation and not the 266 dmg .
