  a ghost scepter and you just said fuck you to the rng lord of dota . 
  dont post `` facts '' that are nowhere close to truth . 
  edgy, 
  bet 322 dollars on eg . 
  blacklight : retribution is a great fps aswell imo . 
  emm i really do n't think it is 2/3 of a minute . 
  more like 20, 
  damage = massive, 
  how about removing everything , except the find game button and when you find a game you watch bots fight eachother . 
  nerfing every champion that is viable besides 2 lanes and controlling the meta = great company . 
  that 's why i stopped . 
  everyone is instantly better at pudge with 0 ms. 
  it is , but it is severly limited in flexibility . 
  best voice in dota 2 . 
  just like batman and joker, 
  i like that , lvl 1 rune is pretty bullshit sometimes . 
  no dat ass, 
  i do n't think more people is appropriate . 
  i heard valve is really strict to hiring and they are n't as many there already . 
  you ca n't shift queue anything that is on cooldown at that given moment . 
  who cares , rp has 10 second cd anyways . . 
  pointyfacecow does n't give a shit, 
  you ca n't argue against that , people . 
  it 's not fun if you do n't unlock stuff !, 
  not hon players, 
  will the skins still be cats or are we talking dragons ? 
  and what ? 
  define very high . 
  dagon 5 core, 
  armchair pros , assemble !, 
  poison , in my eyes !, 
  my country , so beautiful and free . 
  ^ ^ ^ sadly ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ` murican, 
  no , noone outplays russians , the enemy used pussy tactics . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  movespeed, 
  rip in piece drunken_f00l, 
  so brave, 
  it 's funny how '' omg i love it so good set '' get upvoted to heaven and a post which disagrees is buried , and reddit blames it on reddit afterwards . 
  this is why we cant have nice things . 
  say it to the +100 '' nice set gj ! '', 
  comments, 
  so insightful . 
  is there a way to check keybinds ? 
  even the shopkeeper agrees , he wo n't take the aegis because it 's shit and noone wants it , but cheese is 500 gold ez . 
  how do you get it ? 
  it 's not connected to any games which have steam cards, 
  nice try russian . 
  pushing and lvl 1 fb is in favor of veno , and that 's why he is picked most often , for his wards . 
  dk ultimate razor counter . 
  and then you die . 
  dude , you ca n't counter invincibility . 
  thank tesla for electricity !, 
  if you actually dont make winrate any relevant and actually remove it totally , ok . 
  we do n't need more self-entitled retards who brag about winrates and how about it describes skill, 
  if you die , you die twice . 
  no tears now , only dreams . 
  do we know ? 
  for all we know it is morphling trying how it is to be naga . 
  great vs bat and doom . 
  hipster stuff . 
  those statements are still true . 
  not really , pugna has very long range and solid damage from his autoattacks and can lasthit and harass no problem , it 's when storm hits 6 when shit hits the fan . 
  jesus fucking christ why is this downvoted , people ca n't even properly distinguish between display and finder . 
  this command works . 
  dae is a retard and ca n't read tooltips ingame ? 
  - dude , if you are matched with low wins players , you are at your skill level . 
  - matchmaking is good l2p . 
  every fucking response before . 
  seems people took valve 's cock out of their mouths finally . 
  ck+w isp say hi . 
  they do n't stack , atleast should n't . 
  '' never take twitter seriously '', 
  \\ - totalbiscuit, 
  but you can make eggs without breaking omlettes . 
  the starting rating only . 
  if you are misplaced you will go up or down after some time anyways . 
  his kid . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  viper strike too . 
  alt tooltip says it can . 
  my bad . 
  do you even lift ? 
  it 's not the name calling , it 's forcing his stupid fanbase to hate on a view or a person he disagrees with , for no reason . 
  yea , blizzard north were the makers of d2 and they left/got kicked and made torchlight . 
  their skill and talent system is pretty innovative and creative though , the pvp is really good aswell , they should just balance so that all skills are at least viable . 
  my friend go fb 'd by that once , if it did n't bash the troll would n't be able to hit another attack for the killing blow , he was so mad i was laughing . 
  gg no re, 
  if you are bad , you do n't play team mm . 
  simple . 
  the conspiracy !, 
  do we even exist ? 
  they do n't want to make every champ viable . 
  it is decent . 
  cost = / = quality, 
  i got drodo and it 's the best for me . 
  he got high and made his kid cry , then he realized what he did and stayed away from it . 
  best team usa !, 
  so why does he take literally everything that gets posted everywhere else ? 
  he literallly takes 5 minutes off a video just to complain about his viewers every time . 
  aegis is for babies,
