  there are 2 ways to do it , and / u/desperatewhiteman described them . 
  you can combo of all air jaguar kicks into cr.mp as long as you are in range . 
  most common followups are cr.mp , cr.mk cr.hk and cr.hp . 
  the heavy normals will only connect if you hit the kick late/close enough . 
  a punish on a dp would be most likely cl.st.hp xx hk rj , you can go for the fancy cl.st.mp , cl.st.mk , ^ cr.lp , cr.mp , lk.rj , but i do n't think it adds that much damage . 
  really depends on the frames on the blocked move , but even lights into dp deal a bit less than 200 dmg . 
  bnbs are just lights cancelled into rising jaguar if they stand , or into cr.mp xx lk rj if you prefer that . 
  cr.mp xx rj will most likely give you only one hit of rj and deal slightly less damage than lights into dp . 
  if they crouch and you are close enough , cl.st.mk will force stand and ex rj or mk rj will hit them , but that is really distance and character dependant, 
  mk and ex jaguar kicks , jaguar tooth , u1 and air jaguar kicks should be more than enough to make them think twice about throwing a fireball . 
  getting close with adon is n't that big of a priority since he has his good normals and can close distance really easy with his specials , it depends on the mu , but if you want an easy way to get in just do spaced j kicks, 
  turtlers will have a problem with adon as he deals a lot of chip , so doing safe air/ground kicks and just using your good normals to keep up pressure should be enough . 
  throw or kd them , wiggle a bit and jump mk for an amibigous crossup . 
  adon also has a solid tick throw game and cancelling most of your moves into different specials like hk jaguar kick will throw people off or just give you free chip , but do n't become predictable, 
  his backthrow has longer range than the forward one and gives you a left right mixup , so it 's favorable to go for that one . 
  forward throw gives you a safejump , but i 'm not sure what 's the slowest reversal it can safejump . 
  he relies a lot on his combos as he does poor damage , but has a lot of ways to get small hits in , so it 's important to make them count . 
  honestly he is still the same character with very slight overall changes and advantage nerfs to his kicks . 
  that 's my opinion after playing some adon lately . 
  i 'm an octopus , shitlord !, 
  check your trans-kin privilege, 
  mk , dudley has huge problems vs good low pokes due to hk not being able to get them most of the time , and hitting him out of dashes and duck . 
  learning his frame data will also help , his knockdown mixup is pure high/low so you either reversal or block , it 's a gamble but watching his habits will help a lot . 
  patience and footsies , doing meaty tatsus on his wakeup or just generally going on the offensive is the best idea , since dudley lacks an invicible meterless reversal . 
  i 'm so confused, 
  disgust/anger : how can those people represent humanity like that, 
  happiness : no matter how much of a faggot/beta i will ever be , atleast i wo n't be worse, 
  astonishment : those people can function in a society while being such retards, 
  confusion : the meaning of that video/behaviour, 
  disappointment : how can people grow into such individuals with those specific interests ? 
  i 'm sure there 's more, 
  that would be anti-fun and toxic , you need to do something with those points !, 
  what 's more fun than mindless grind ? 
  oni can also do mk tatsu fadc on crouchers into both of his ultras , i found it weird that this is n't mentioned anywhere, 
  f.hk is the farthest kara demon normal oni has . 
  he cancelled the startup frames into the demon with extra range to guarantee it would hit, 
  no , you need to do the following within a certain window :, 
  or do the last 3 inputs at the same time, 
  but you can make the input end on the start-up of a move and make it be cancelled into raging demon . 
  oni has a few normals that move him forward in the startup , but f.hk moves him the most , so what omh did was :, 
  buffer the jabs, 
  do f.hk with the 3k button , i think he does it as it will give him lk and hk without room for error as plinking or mistiming pressing lk and hk at the same time will result in a f.lk, 
  press hp really fast afterwards, 
  it 's just a coincedence that it 's a kick move . 
  akumas best kara demon normal is f.mp i think, 
  basically , oni will teleport a bit forward when he does demon with this . 
  i think he started taking damage for walking out of the map, 
  skill, 
  you can do that ... 
  or tweak it into an aghs upgrade . 
  thank ms. obolo, 
  quality post, 
  is this game still alive ? 
  i loved it , but the launcher would n't connect to the servers when i wanted to reinstall it, 
  itt : anti usa circlejerk and anti-anti usa circlejerk, 
  atleast we have working internet, 
  nah , he would just make sure he had the newest fireproof ios version installed . 
  man , stop being so rude . 
  his meme was le super dank xdd, 
  thank you extension creator, 
  his crit was a 20 % botrk active with no slow that disabled the crit for the cd . 
  mortal strike, 
  has a passive and active component . 
  passively gives you a chance to land a critical strike . 
  can be cast to temporarily steal hp from a target enemy hero . 
  when the active is used , the critical strike is temporarily disabled for the drain duration . 
  passive crit damage : 1.25 / 1.75 / 2.25 / 2.75, 
  passive crit chance : 15 %, 
  hp drain : 20 % of max ( not lethal ), 
  drain duration : 7, 
  cooldown : 25, 
  you ca n't leave for your friend in dota , if a person in your party abandons , you get one aswell . 
  i did n't play him a lot when he still had it , but it felt like it should n't exist on him because his crit is one of the harder hitting ones in the game and he is a melee carry with 1 active skill . 
  not to mention it ca n't kill and you will lose the life after 7 seconds anyways . 
  it made him a viable support i guess , which is his current role in meta last time i checked , so maybe it would be too strong . 
  that hero needs some work, 
  to be fair , manaless champions are retarded by design . 
  they do n't even punish you for missing your skills , besides a 3 second cooldown to do it again, 
  racist !, 
  racist !, 
  he is just a beginner hero that slowly found his way into the game in a really weird position by indirect buff to the famous blink dagger . 
  he has mana problems , and now that a 3x range flash on a 12 sec cd is free , he is able to use his short range but very powerful stun more reliably . 
  he has nothing to make him stick to the target besides it , which is his role as a carry , and his ult is a 50/50 sometimes . 
  he is a beginner carry character that became a support . 
  his crit does n't fit the support role , but he is meh as a carry when it comes to have a constant impact on a game . 
  i 've not played a lot of dota recently , take this with a grain of salt . 
  imo his crit should get reworked to a skill that can work for a support role aswell as a carry without making him broken , i 've read some nerf sk circlejerk on reddit a while ago so he may be pretty popular, 
  it takes gold and levels to reach that stage , he is n't laning vs you with infinite mana at once , which is what is making this game really frustrating for me . 
  it just lacks balance because riot decided that being punished on missing skills is '' anti-fun '' and '' toxic '' that you get to deal with this bullshit , the energy system seemed nice , but it is in reality non factor because they have ways to replenish energy . 
  i think lee has a nice energy balance since he has 6 skills to spend it on , but akali does n't give a shit when he just presses q and gets everything back every few seconds, 
  not even close babyyy, 
  cdr and as, 
  rape culture, 
  it 's the thing with the . . thingy right ? 
  i knew it, 
  vein toss, 
  also rylai is a hero in dota, 
  you forgot his skills are free with short cooldowns, 
  i also would like to report the ingame skill range indicators aswell as the arrows are really misleading for q. 
  i have no idea what 's the real range as they sometimes dont even reach the bush i clicked on , and sometimes they dash '' out of range '' .
