  half-life 3, 
  i 'd rather not die when i 'm against 3-2 heroes than try to rambo on a support, 
  that 's almost a void stone for sheep too, 
  finally, 
  \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064 give drama, 
  hats, 
  is there a list of things that check when the attack is made or when it hits ? 
  i 'm talking if changing orbs/stats midair on attack on invoker or any other hero will change the damage on the attack or not like ss 's overload ? 
  another example is skywrath 's arcane bolt , and all the other stuff i ca n't remember right now . 
  hats, 
  i 'm watching you ( \u203e \u0296\u032b \u203e ), 
  dont max grave chill 2nd pls, 
  if you pick visage for his mediocre slow , and not for the 4 sec cd laguna blade , i dont know what to say . 
  has anyone tried to contain it ? 
  to not get shitposts . 
  the technology is n't there yet . 
   ~ ~ smeevil ~ ~ plain greevil, 
  to be fair , do we even exist, 
  can you break unusual couriers for their effect gem and put it on , say drodo ? 
  give an ungiftable stone as a reward for each cycle . 
  it 's really random , i had it once and it was annoying as fuck . 
  steal troll ult and empower, 
  a gem you put in an item that says winner of x cycle would be fair . 
  the human eye is blind, 
  ahh , the well known pudge paradox, 
  live games are sorted by `` skill '' page 1 means usually u play with pros, 
  my mom likes your books . 
  i think he 's saying that humans did n't come with a manual . 
  buy him gold . 
  paranormal backdoority, 
  they like magic, 
  what is this ? 
  is there a list of all the stuff you can type with it because i just randomly press stuff and hope for cool shit to pop up, 
  how come you understand retard ? 
  appreciated , thanks, 
  some countries are more equal, 
  how is that possible if there is only 7 million ppl in the world, 
  just because you can does n't mean you should . 
  maybe basedvalve will do something with this ancient bug if this thread gets a lot of upvotes . 
  some people can lift only so much, 
  the tooltip in dota 2 is still not updated sadly . 
  phone, 
  he needs scaling mana costs on his abilities . 
  he is a pedo but it 's ok we will all go to heaven . 
  blue switch master race, 
  how do you even lose as earth ... 
  it 's core on the new axe . 
  the ability to ult creeps in a teamfight for a massive as/ms boost and still have ult up in few seconds to dunk someone is really good . 
  i do n't see an od, 
  that 's like saying drafts in magic are pure rng, 
  did you even play as es or against one ? 
  i got a 90 % winrate with him just because i set up kills from lvl 3 to lvl 25 with one easy combo . 
  he is bullshit and he is the reason i stopped playing ap for now . 
  make tp a basic skill that every hero gets and make it cost nothing , have no cooldown and tp only to the base . 
  you get an additional tp skill that works like bots but can be used 1 time per 5 mins, 
  that 's what you 're supposed to do ... 
  how is io even remotely connected to electricity , zet would fit . 
  no , but it makes it possible to not die vs him when he hits lvl 3 . 
  but you may not play lc or even enjoy the hero as a contra, 
  pls no dicksucking, 
  just kick people and invite others in one team ... 
  if you ca n't do that i 'm surprised you managed to pick a hero . 
  i forgot playing the game is not acceptable at a social level, 
  what a brave keyboard warrior you are . 
  how about you show the tournaments you 've been in ? 
  no , you would just get at max 4 +1 vs 4 +1 and it would be way more even than 5v4 +1, 
  or even better , do what lol did . 
  parties of max 2 for solo ranked and 5man is only tmm . 
  yes , but do you seriously expect every 5man party to act like they play '' for fun '' and not even bother do communicate ? 
  tmm is there for a reason , if you want a challenge or do crazy stuff . 
  you go there so that noone else wastes their time on onesided games due to imbalance, 
  but that doesnt change the fact that individual skill has no effect if the teamwork is nonexistant, 
  i agree however i am more concerned about the advantage the 5 people have . 
  nothing beats 2 wisps tethering eachother . 
  keeping the client, 
  yes !, 
  i had no idea i got a mute ( in a game i won actually but w/e ) and i ended up picking for my team . 
  i had no idea i was muted and we got an ukraininan alchemist who had no idea he would go support and he blamed everyone else `` alch support lol retard alch is shit support '' so we ended up with an alch with qb/stout/tango with max greevil on a tri vs tri . 
  we lost because i could n't say one word . 
  i did my best but their tri was too farmed . 
  do you have any personal recommendations for a program ? 
  right now i 'm checking http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=998224&amp;page=1 and it looks like something i could do without extra equipment, 
  will do , thanks . 
  will that book cover most of the knowledge i should need right now ? 
  how much time does sc2 have before it dies in your opinion ? 
  wow master trole respect, 
  psi blades can work vs a melee hero or a hero with low damage for ensuring free harass, 
  i just hate how fast the game goes into topdecking mode , it 's not fun to play vs an empty handed mage and get pyroblasted to death or get your 12/12 taunt tree mind controlled by a priest . 
  horse, 
  im in the exact same bracket and the same situation . 
  that 's one way to lose as earth spirit i guess . 
  i only played offlane , but i my main build was soul ring into blink dagger and then situational items like pipe , aghs , gem or necrobook and roam a lot from there . 
  i think blink dagger is incredibly good on him if you are n't insanely behind . 
  a hotkey modifier for items is horrible . 
  you should change it . 
  or alt + f4, 
  entitled kids , this is a beta and they work day and night for key features such as the workshop . 
  if you are n't happy go back to hon !, 
  watched the book of oni aswell , yet i find it insanely hard to do anything with his tc2 which starts with b + mp since it has so shit range lol . 
  does n't u2 grant invul frames until the first active frame ?
