how many keys per invite ? 
  guys !, 
  lets find out where he lives , kidnap his family and release them after 3 years !, 
  we 'll see how he handles that . 
  skal si at folk er hypet p\u00e5 lol . 
  please share it !, 
  i deeply need it !, 
  i prefer the blue one instead of the green one . 
  effect is one thing , but the color matters for me too . 
  edit : just noticed blue one leaves a barely visible trail of frost . 
  def my favorite and i 'm getting it . 
  guys , is it possible to watch the na'vi vs pulse game ingame ? 
  i want to buy the ticket in the store , but it is for season 3 while on the website it says it 's season 4 which is going on right now . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm asking because i just got a pennant and i want to check if it drops items . 
  calling dota a '' moba '' deserves a ban from the dota community . 
  people drawing the racist card at once when it comes to ru and br have obviously not played dota 2 . 
  just because you do n't like generalizing does n't mean it 's not there . 
  it 's a fact !, 
  most russians and brs are horrible at this game and treat it like a 1player game with some people who distrupt your 2 lasthit per minute fest . 
  even russians and brazilians agree on this so why do you even bother calling it racism when it 's a fact ? 
  back to topic , i want to see a more report options and maybe making a tribunal-like setup which is found in lol . 
  thousands of reports are reports thrown by a player just because he did n't like the reported player . 
  a ban on the report function or even a deposit for reporting ( hon ) would prevent it from being abused and it would greatly increase the amount of scum getting banned . 
  what is your plan if dota 2 will overwhelm lol when it launches ? 
  will you switch or try to milk the very most of lol ? 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ pretty ^ ^ ^ sure ^ ^ ^ lol ^ ^ ^ will ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ crushed, 
  would you swap it for sd ward ? 
  i really hope it will have it soon . 
  got 8 hits on a dk and no entangle . 
  died because he managed to avoid my team because he did n't get entangled and flew like a bitch until his team came to rescue him . 
  do n't forget drow . 
  it 's a pain in the ass to lasthit before 6 . 
  you mean the politicans ? 
  actually the problem is that you have no fucking idea that they are being attacked . 
  srsly if they are not next to me i have no idea if they are alive or not . 
  dodge answering the question so that you will look like you are goodhearted . 
  yea it may take a while , but it 's there is n't it ? 
  you are soooo cooool . 
  hating in a logical argument is so trendy at the moment . 
  if you are so goodhearted why are n't you known worldwide for your kindness ? 
  whoooosh, 
  maybe because he would n't get any profit from supporting it in its early days when he could just try to jump in when everything is suitable for a greedy person . 
  tell me since when comparing a subtle situation to a larger picture and showing people that they are are small minded is not logical ? 
  if you want to help you help people who have no chance of getting shit together alone . 
  people are giving this man money for presents . 
  he did n't even ask for help from us . 
  i have nothing against putting money on what you think is right . 
  i just replied to the comment saying something wrong . 
  people just are too easy on throwing money at things that are n't necessary . 
  i just want people to think about a situation before making stupid remarks about being '' the good guy '', 
  and can you give me a source of him saying he is '' bored '' of lol ? 
  oh the ladder anxiety from sc2 , how i still remember it . 
  this is different though . 
  you have to get balls by playing with dicks . 
  you will be frustrated and mad , but once you control it you will be able to actually have fun while muting dicks every game . 
  humans make mistakes , if you want i can play a game or two with you . 
  vs is a good carry too , she is rarely played in comp anyways . 
  sven was as good as he is now before the buffs and the shitstorm commences just because people actually tried new heroes . 
  im more directed at the fact that you use the fact that he isnt played like that in competetive play just as an excuse to not play the hero in a specific way . 
  do n't forget weavers wet dream . 
  a team with no stuns . 
  he asked about pipe too , i 'm interested aswell . 
  great argument , if you may i will use it aswell against stoopid people in the future . 
  moba is for pure marketing purposes due to dota being copyrighted or something like that . 
  i still think od is equally or even worse lineup for pudge . 
  13 mana for 50 secs . 
  no , ty, 
  the point is that this is without the red text , aka region restrictions . 
  all the new invites are restricted . 
  mine is a '' gift '' only , but it does n't have region restrictions . 
  they are the same , probably different series . 
  so why do you bother to reply to this post ? 
  you have heartstopper aura , it should help . 
  wisp + ck/tiny/ursa . 
  bane + mirana is in theory a good combo , never tried it though . 
  i as pudge have killed qop in my lane several times , you have to play mindtricks by baiting a blink and killing her . 
  her hp is pretty bad , but she has a clear advantage , it 's not instalose though . 
  od can solo kill pudge at level 3 as long as he knows what he is doing , unless he got a stout shield which most people do n't bother with . 
  the point is that if you banish pudge and deny , he wo n't get any exp which can dominate him in terms of levels , which pudge really needs . 
  hmm ... did n't knew , good to know about the deny . 
  no because their products are basically lights in computer gear and they expect me to pay billions for it . 
  mechanical keyboards master race . 
  and more precisely ? 
  i 've heard they go 160 + , you sure ? 
  keys only ? 
  because they do n't fit fotm . 
  i really wish a respec option would be implemented . 
  fucked up my pathfinder armor because i thought i could revert it : /, 
  short : fun , worth the money if the missing things get implemented . 
  i really just wait for focuses to start playing for real . 
  is it the armlet ? 
  yes = buy it no = buy the armlet, 
  have anyone tried this on od ? 
  i his ult can rape with this . 
  just like the fundamental of light . 
  you kill it , you hunt it down again . 
  or slavic, 
  next to the '' i ca n't make good jokes '' button . 
  no ty , not interested in other couriers that arent ef or ti2,
