  noone wants to be on the other end , getting killed . 
  not interesting to watch =  nerf the hero so noone will pick him =  profit !, 
  i still think you get bkb if nyx is a problem , not bloodstone . 
  he needs int to even do damage with his ult . 
  my manly build -  tranqs -  blink -  ks everything because you are too manly to get kills stolen from you -  bloodstone -  aghs -  dagon, 
  edit : heart before dagon so you will never go to base since you are too manly . 
  you do n't * need * it but rushing it and snowballing with it lets you spam pulse so much that you win by healing everyone . 
  i think veno 's skills are purgable now with dark pact and lapse , except his passive . 
  that 's the point of radiance . 
  you get it early to farm and be able to clean up teamfights if the need occurs . 
  radi past 25 minutes is only viable imo if their whole team has blink daggers . 
  because treads is n't so commonly used . 
  just like geminate and germinate . 
  i definitely recommend maxing shukuchi first , the cd is crucial to survival . 
  1 in swarm @ 8 or 4 , depends if you have mana to support it , generally in offlane you will rely on your mana to survive so i get 2 in geminate . 
  after that i max geminate and swarm last , while getting ult when i can . 
  if you need to fight early , treads are better i think , but you want to farm as him just like any other carry , so tranquils remove the need of roh if you have free farm so that you can go straight for radi . 
  the shukuchi damage was really needed . 
  i understand yasha , but not manta tbh . 
  you want damage and shukuchi a lot , the only thing i see it being good is against a silence . 
  i doubt a nyx would even survive 3 hits from a farmed od , you get bkb so you can attack without interruption , not to be safe from mana burn . 
  he is a carry who relies on int advantage , not mana . 
  if you get ganked by nyx , you will be damaged , in a teamfight i doubt he will run around invisible and wait until he can use a manaburn on you just because your int is high . 
  4 -  6 second magic immunity is no small buff . 
  no , people are just not paying attention . 
  i called it threads and wondered why is it called after some fabric , until i read that again . 
  my bad, 
  i still find it stupid to get an item that does n't help you to reduce damage from 1 skill . 
  tested it , i am still correct . 
  both are dispelling everything except poison sting . 
  do n't forget tide . 
  the more you know . 
  nether energy seeps from those images . 
  i like playing with my friend , but when i get people who are obviously better than him , he is helpless ; he gets really frustrated and confused about what to do to not die . 
  i ca n't be responsible for doing everything , it 's a team game . 
  they are there when you have rabid on . 
  regardless of the set . 
  well , dk sets are lacking in that regard too , would like to see custom dragons with full sets . 
  you can use items while charging . 
  people use to treat sb as a useless hero and ignore him , but if you roam and come unexpected , you just win . 
   fear ~ ~ got really really lucky . ~ ~ is really skilled and planned everything . 
  i 've done it in pubs with my team , it 's pretty nasty . 
  you basically need another skill to set up your stun , like sd or bane and you just throw, 
  it -  tether stun -  spirits and people just die left and right . 
  the as from overcharge makes you hit the cap without many items , so you can fight with full slapping power earlier than otherwise . 
  not to mention global ganks with fully charged concotion to your disposal . 
  you can see that they were made at the same time as pugnas , they are simple , that 's it , simple . 
  they will get reworked for sure . 
  super luxury ? 
  i see it as a core item if you have the farm and the team to support it , it will accelerate your farm and give you the ability to damage a lot of heroes with shukuchi and burn . 
  he is able to carry , he just needs good positioning and decision making . 
  i get tranqs and energy booster and swap boots when i need mana . 
  everything looks like food to rape to you , nightstalker . 
  i hope you will do something for od aswell , some testicles and whatnot . 
  this is n't even her final form !, 
  swedes as in other nordic countries , are lazy with #swag and such attitude and they really look down upon good grades and education , so you will find huge differences , i am just assuming it since i live in norway but at the moments i 've been in sweden there was n't much difference . 
  there are exceptions though . 
  i played with him , he insisted to send es mid , go solo safe invoker and trilane with huskar , disruptor and timbersaw . 
  he abandoned as soon as i told him this was a stupid decision and they just crushed us . 
  i expected more from a player that is supposedly good . 
  not to mention this would be won pretty easly if we had a trilane with es , invo would go mid and timber would solo offlane , but noo he knows better . 
  solo invoker is acceptable , but invoker with an orb of venom being crushed by gondar even though he is going quas ? 
  too bad the es farmed the whole time , they were his friends and atleast he made me waste only 15 minutes , but still . 
  purge teaches his friends and look at them now . 
  they are actually good . 
  if he gets kills , he gets exp , even globally . 
  i think if you got flagged , each flagged instance would decrease the 5minute counter by 1 minute , so in an ideal situation , it would only take 1 minute to get him to leave . 
  i love learning new words . 
  people in the 6th grade not knowing what a triangle is . 
  nuff said, 
   hero kills outside of 1200 range will give experience to the killer . 
  i know , i have friends who are really smart and show it , most of the people who were stupid went to college , but the social acceptance and attidue towards education is really shocking . 
  if 4 other people deem you afking , why not ? 
  there were more situations where a person would smoke and get exp by passing creepwaves once per 3 minutes or so and still grief and do n't get punished than a person afking because of some legitimate reason . 
  if a person disconnects and does n't do that because he is tired of playing , he will come back in the course of those 5 minutes anyways . 
  the people are the problem , not the function . 
  if you do n't want to implement something because it gets abused , why bother even doing anything ? 
  that 's why we need a solo only matchmaking ... 
  maybe because the bear is counted as the killer ? 
  i know if bear uses midas , no exp is given to druid himself . 
  i agree , but at some point it becomes a necessity , i like how lol does it , only solo or duo is allowed for rated matchmaking and a full party . 
  do n't play wisp in pubs , just do n't . 
  atleast solo , people break the tether all the fucking time and have no idea how to actually cooperate . 
  not to mention crying over how he feeds if you try to save the rambo teammate . 
  you will never reach 55 + if you solo queue only , i believe , atleast over 500 games . 
  win rate does n't even tell you anything , really . 
  i got one guy , and believe me or not he looked up everyone on his team on dotabuff and started crying over their winrates , he had 70 % and he got stout on sf , spammed allchat when he died and just went farming 24/7, 
  winrate is not important , what you learn is . 
  it gets more visible with each game , 100 is the cap . 
  the same can be said from the other side . . 
  i like his current state . 
  space cow is underrated . 
  no russians for a while , all hail gaben, 
  what 's this glowy circle ? 
  should i touch it ? 
  whooa it 's so cozy , what is happen - ... ... 
  crit on pa is n't horrible , if you do the math it can be good . 
  i was on my phone , i can do it soon . 
  daedalus = 25 % to crit for 2.4 x damage, 
  pa ult = 15 % to crit for 4.5 x the damage,
