  so asians have feelings , hmmm ... 
  everyone who is better than me has no life, 
  everyone worse than me is a noob, 
  od and silencer are in no way awful late game . 
  how to solve a problem reddit edition :, 
  complain until someone else fixes it, 
  / s is / say sometimes, 
  winrate does n't mean shit , just play the game . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  new 5-man dungeon , pit of roshan !, 
  the instance locks reset every 10 minutes . 
  33 % of the time, 
  or you know , get items that make you survive the team fight . 
  u need to change the language of the steam client . 
  i had to do this just to get the english dota client . 
  push now !, 
  early dmg, 
  but it 's aimed to be balanced mainly in cm, 
  who has the best nick is the captain . 
  sennheiser hd 598 and a 5 dollar mic is all you need . 
  anything with the word '' gamer '' or '' gaming '' is overpriced . 
  fish sticks, 
  he can, 
  try to even punch a creep vs non-retards . 
  the guy who rejects any opinions that is n't his and calls people idiots for that is asking for opinions ? 
  gratz !, 
  got exact one myself and i have it for a year now . 
  it survived a lot . 
  blue switch click sound is amazing . 
  that 's from kael ` thas sunstrider . 
  muslims need to feel better and push themselves to any free spot of attention , just like feminists , only with the sick , barbaric and retarded laws . 
  ressurection sound is gone too . 
  i dont even notice i 'm alive again . 
  where is the i want to be captain button ? 
  kills = skill, 
  farm = skill, 
  support heroes confirmed no-skill heroes, 
  thanks , that seems really retarded if it 's the first one to press it . 
  it should just randomize between players willing to be cap . 
  i thought the option would be a checkbox in the matchmaking options at first . 
  that bug is ancient . 
  i have it aswell . 
  i do n't know if i 'm improving !, 
  valve please let me hold your hand once again when i cross the street , because i ca n't do anything myself !, 
  dodging the point . 
  my opinion  your opinion, 
  checkmate atheists, 
  i prefer the portal announcer because it 's more enjoyable to listen to in my opinion * ^ ( i do n't think you will grasp the concept of subjectivity anyways ) ergo i think it 's better which again means it 's better . 
  to add to that , by your logic the best announcer is the one with the biggest amount of lines . 
  i guess an announcer that had 500 lines for every step your hero takes with a voice that makes your ears bleed would be the best thing ever . 
  i get it people like the bastion announcer , but calling something better than something else purely on '' features '' that have varying importance from person to person is beyond retarded . 
  i am abusing my keyboard to type this, 
  drop-in for afk players , basically if someone abandons , a new totally differerent player could take his place . 
  i guess this would have some bait to actually do it but it was said to being planned . 
  he wanted to feel better maybe because he has a high winrate on his smurf . 
  should not , but by that time your damage will outdps the poison anyways . 
  i like the wyvern set . 
  inb4 crit occurs every xth attack, 
  people say he is getting bald . 
  dota , hon , starcraft , warcraft , good games, 
  because i have no source ? 
  mid sven who rushed dagon and later went for a carry build . 
  you name it , you get it, 
  people do this in dota aswell but to a lesser degree as more heroes are actually capable of doing something in pubs . 
  you could use items and attack in waveform , morph didnt cost as much mana and higher base dmg . 
  get illusion heroes or sven and rape him . 
  not icefrogs problem that people wo n't counter a hero . 
  by jumping into a volcano . 
  nai ' x excels at single target damage , and if you want to risk it and go ahead with a such hero he is made to kill , your choice . 
  counters exist for a reason , while not totally shutting down heroes , those counters are sometimes vital for succes . 
   game is hard !, 
  it 's a shield after all . 
  very well done , instabuy if you get that theme cycle clock . 
  i think the space between the portrait and the minimap is kind of not fitting to the rest by being so smooth when the rest is rocky and uneven , i think maybe changing it 's top to the rocky texture would fit it more . 
  legendary item : mousepad, 
  +80 % skill for ld, 
  +50 % skill for ogre, 
  +100 % skill on pa for the first hit after 5 seconds of not attacking, 
  +60 % skill to all bashes in the game, 
  * the essence of pure skill courses through its fabric *, 
  i donated some iq to the universe i guess . 
  hey red , thanks a lot for the great content , but i have a suggestion . 
  could you make item hotkeys rebindable ? 
  5 to 0 is really uncomfortable to even bother with it . 
  thanks again . 
  you either vacuum into a position where the enemies have to get out by walking through the wall you will place right after , or you wall first and then try to vacuum as many people into it/through it . 
  ranged creeps and catapults would like to have a word . 
  team play and coordination which is rather lacking at low levels so it makes sense . 
  you need to gank carries and always have sentries when you push or rosh vs nyx or sblades . 
  when you are the most farmed carry and own ppl = kick for no reason . 
  happened thrice to me, 
  i assumed my teammates are good . 
  do n't forget socks on dem sandalz, 
  twitch is using all their monie to fund a streaming service to iss . 
  but , pros dont do this therefore its bad, 
  sometimes it just appears in your inventory without notice . 
   neutral creeps no longer use true sight from player placed sentry wards . 
  after they win, 
  it used to be said if you spammed him in the old learn tab . 
  now he says that if you spamclick him just like in wc/sc ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ think,
