  polish xenophobic religious population does n't seem so bad now, 
  they do when they work, 
  but le rotations xddd, 
  i wonder what he would say about the gigantic aoe markers for every spell in the game so you can '' outplay '' them and not be a victim of burden of knowledge, 
  no , because you see , what i like is better than what you like, 
  car crasher is cancer . 
  it has like 2 checkpoints and makes your gpu melt . 
  it 's unnecessarily hard and frustrating to play , and i ca n't even remove that thing from my tracks, 
  but the game has 60 trillion players , how can you argue against that ? 
  checkmate atheist, 
  even danskj\u00e6vler ? 
  it 's the fault of the rubberband economy mechanics, 
  how do you even get ice roshan outside china servers, 
  even better when you get call for peace and sit at 20 war exhaustion because your ai ally does n't really know what he wants, 
  that 's very nice of you, 
  unless they got dicks, 
  it 's not x points , it 's 1 point, 
  the meme ban was tragic for the meme market in russia, 
  i mean b\u00f8rk , b\u00f8rk b\u00f8rk, 
  it 's really good for colonial nations imo , as you get free merchants for your colonies, 
  the eu split was so fucking bad , you had to choose what friends you wanted to play with for the rest of your life pretty much, 
  i swear the game has magnet bullets, 
  yes , they also rode horses against tanks and killed jews in polish death camps, 
  merchants from big colonies , hunt for the seven cities gives you a lot of free bonuses once you drop into the new world aswell . 
  idi nahui gamburger, 
  yeah , a solution could be that the warleader does n't get the warscore for provinces sieged by an ally unless they will be given to the occupant in the peace deal . 
  this could be only limited to provinces with the occupants claims , since you could siege a province you ca n't give to the war leader, 
  try posting that in / r/leagueoflegends, 
  yeah , once i pretty much lost my polen game because austria dragged me into a war that got me call for peace for several years and i had to endure 20 unrest for a few years until i rip 'd , and that 's when i learned ai does n't get call for peace and is fucking retarded when it comes to peace dealing, 
  you will smile even harder !, 
  he did n't say starcraft, 
  apology not accepted, 
  or order pizza, 
  wow , are you sure ? 
  i mean that could explain why they did n't peace out and it made it a infinite cycle of spending diplo and not having enough of it . 
  i honestly remember that i watched the war exhaustion tab monthly and i 've never seen them get any but 0.01 we from attrition or something . 
  no proof though , could be wrong, 
  definger her , she 'll get over it, 
  are people seriously removing cat 's claws ? 
  is n't this just regular trimming of claws ? 
  was n't the danish navy '' stolen '' one more time by british in one of the world wars ? 
  ca n't remember exactly , think it was the 1st, 
  should 've made better kurwas, 
  you are completely right , i thought that the event you described happened later , then i remembered that napoleon did n't live in 1900s . 
  could be old lost games getting discounted of bans, 
  every event on reddit can be tracked to have almost identical response over time . 
  there is a circlejerk/it ` shappening.gif phase, 
  a circlejerk of the oppsite side, 
  total circlejerks fades but there is some more solid arguing and point out to the fact that this happened before, 
  complaining about everything related to the topic, 
  then after one big public outcry the majority settles to one side going solid above  50 % circlejerk factor with solid or better argumentation being spred , most often being the opposite of the 1st circlejerk phase, 
  this is my experience . 
  new skill description :, 
  morphling deals damage and stuns the enemy, 
  terrorblade is still arguably useless, 
  you can not , it is greyed out and it says you need to wait 5 years, 
  including roleplaying as trains, 
  yeah , it was a mount i think . 
  for like 5 wins, 
  that 's really clever , how much does 1 nade do to yourself ? 
   both characters can be played at the top level, 
  nice one, 
  u got memed lel, 
  you 'd leave the hre though, 
   in their defense competitive is n't a perfect way to judge the state of the game . 
  champions like fio are unplayed in competitive but in normal solo queue games many would argue she 's slightly op . 
  she has a great winrate and snowballs insanely vs the right team . 
  sure there are only 4 junglers in competitive , but you see different ones every game in solo queue and even ranked teams . 
  then it comes down to what should take priority ? 
  competitive diversity or solo queue diversity ? 
  discuss my minions !, 
  because they are mutually exclusive . 
  wtf, 
   i honestly do n't think competitive play can ever really be that diverse . 
  at that level the tiniest advantages mean a lot more and some champions will always be just a bit better than others . 
  shitty game has shitty balance , wow, 
  100 % heal over time that ca n't be dispelled, 
  also offering transferring trade power . 
  sometimes i do n't need it but i want the relation bonus, 
  such a bro deal and you turned it down , shame on you , bro, 
  2 bucks ? 
  is n't the price per key something in the 1.7 range ? 
  since i basically have no rep , should i just try to sell them personally to anyone with a middleman , or should i try to sell them to verified key sellers or someone like that , regarding price ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  getting some war exhaustion should help too, 
  it 's wrong to say that , because there are some times where you can make huge setups with a 4 second '' sleep '' . 
  while it 's not something you would build 10/10 games , it has it 's place as an early item , especially when your teamfighting allies have spells that benefit from being set up . 
  people forget that it has incredbile aoe and can catch a full team rather easily , allowing your teammates get into position . 
  u dissing excel ? 
  not enough good boy points yet, 
  filthy casuals, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  i somehow managed to have it end the day after it started . 
  no idea why, 
  he supposedly vaguely suggested suicide to a troll account from what i 've seen , and people started to act like it was a real person and now he ded because of rl, 
  like he cares what it actually is , what 's important what he thinks it is, 
  does someone know how much war exhaustion do you lose after peacing out ? 
  i am wondering how to maximize destabilization of my enemy after a war, 
  where did you check that ? 
  i 've been looking for an indepth wiki for coh2 and could n't find anything that would give me specific numbers,
