  m9 is way better cqc defence than caulden, 
  while quickslash may not be so useful , atleast you will be able to finish people faster and maybe in an emergency it may help , the beckhill is a pretty good melee weapon afaik , definitely better than kukri atleast . 
  losing guardian angel for this is not a big deal, 
  you need to kill an invader :\\ ^ ), 
  but csgo has random chests and that means it 's the best payment model ! 11 !, 
  yeah , no . 
  get that ass banned, 
  completely agree on the quest parts . 
  if a friend did n't tell me to check and do x i would probably miss out on 90 % of npc quests , because i did some bosses already and made some stuff disappear forever . 
  wolnir is not even a boss . 
  it 's more like a spooky skeltal that can kill you only if you do n't watch out for his puke . 
  i ca n't believe he is a boss , the jumping goat fucker gave me more problems, 
  i also dislike heavily how the yhorm fight is presented . 
  first time i played , i had no idea what to do , and i failed a questline just because i did n't read the wiki for the walkthrough . 
  fuck i 'm old, 
  i hope someone got those, 
  lifting your staff up can be pretty exhausting though, 
  coh 2 commanders were n't directly better than others , but the bad balancing made some always stand out as the best . 
  i agree that it 's a horrible system, 
  dat bond, 
  o shit waddup, 
  if you want to buy every dlc in coh2 via the ingame store i am pretty sure it costs around several hundred dollars , ** on sale ** . 
  i thought +1 rings mattered, 
  great swords can , ultras ca n't, 
  he made some incredibly stupid statements and defended himself by saying he has a phd afaik, 
  using jail as a crutch makes countries worse , not better . 
  it tactily sends a message that being a criminal and commiting crimes are accaptable behaviors and that the victims are the ones that have to put up with it . 
  europe and usa are both terrible areas where criminallity is the status quo and nobody blinks an eye about that . 
  north korea is miles better when it comes to having a friendly community . 
  if you 're afraid to go outside then that honestly says more about you than the country you 're in . 
  maybe you should be afraid . 
  you got ta bribe the smith, 
  purples duty is to kill the host or x phantoms , they get sent back once one of those is done . 
  reds get a doubletounge for killing blues , but do n't get summoned back until they die or the host dies . 
  goty , my favorite game of all time i think . 
  devs are actually implementing useful features . 
  download nitronic rush . 
  it 's free and made by the same people . 
  distance is basically a sequel, 
  like sunlight medallions are hard to get, 
  you can get some vigor and come back later, 
  every character is bad if you suck at the game, 
  most things in norway are rated on a dice roll . 
  i have no idea why, 
  green mx switches, 
  so , as long as something bad does n't affect me , it 's fine ? 
  they 're just an indie company, 
  people who say it 's so complicated are the ones who started their first fps in their lives so it 's obviously so hard for everyone . 
  the only common thing that they have in dota is the fact that all characters are available from the start ( free vs p2p but still ) . 
  the game is pretty bad in my opinion , infinite ammo ( why ? 
  ) , shit mobility for everyone except like 2 or 3 heroes , making sure everyone feels good about themselves by not showing any relevant stats for all players and counting every assist as a kill , no competetive mode , overtime mechanic is completely fucking retarded and the online mode could be better . 
  also , press q to not aim , press q to toggle wallhack , press q to put down a teleporter . 
  etc. . so many `` ultimates '' just do n't require any skill to use . 
  i really do n't see how people can justify $ 40/euro on this . 
  and you do n't get banned for using it !, 
  but what about dresden ?? 
  the filthy westerners commited more crimes !, 
  labor camps do n't count when you bomb a civilian city !, 
  those 12 skills man , tons of them, 
  i do n't think he justified it by saying he is eating it , but by giving it a quicker and less suffering death . 
  normies get out, 
  / u/gfxchiptweeter do you see gpu generational progress stagnating in the near future based on our limits of nano electronics ? 
  i 've read we are close to or at the limit of making smaller components, 
  10 bans ? 
  what you need 20 bans for ? 
  competitive integrity does n't need 30 bans . 
  if we have 40 bans you could ban the whole viable champion pool !, 
  that 's not even harsh . 
  atleast blizzard does n't fuck around and is giving out permabans already on first offence . 
  took them what , 12 years to nerf the human racial ? 
  but hey , atleast if everyone plays human , noone is at a disadvantage . 
  but it 's toxic if you lose because the other team was better !, 
  and when she gets nerfed and a 6k ip champ is best ? 
  the game changes . 
  ashe was complete shit in the past, 
  did you check your % ? 
  big spooders big trouble, 
  that 's why you check them before betting your skins, 
  why would it be boring to play, 
  i remember when i played years ago , that alistar could `` crit '' and knock you up higher than usual , i think it was totally random but something similar to this . 
  good to see that they did n't bother fixing important bugs . 
  magic duels is n't so bad, 
  just because you want to lock yourself to 1 hero does n't mean everyone wants that . 
  hello , i am currently in process of buying some skin products for me , and one of them are the stridex red pads . 
  since i 'm in eu and the shipping costs almost as much as the products themselves , i just wonder how fast does one go through one box ? 
  how many should i buy for 1 month ? 
   balancing a game only around elite players does n't make sense . 
  they can be loud, 
  i played dirty bomb for a while and never experienced what you 're saying . 
  there is literally no way to have more time than the other team, 
  i mean , the only thing that can happen is you not having 1st objective done with 1 min left , while the other team had 2 objectives done , and you are forced until the end of the timer , even though there is no way of winning . 
  i 'm more surprised that hillary can , with that publicly known corruption, 
  well , necromancer is out since it 's basically unholy now, 
  blizzard sucks at balancing , what 's new ? 
  use what the fuck you want , your reticle wo n't make you a better player, 
  why the hell would his ult go away if he gets stunned ? 
  does winston lose his ult when you stun him ? 
  human racial got arguably buffed so \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u0360 \u00b0 \u035f\u0296 \u0360 \u00b0 ) _ / \u00af, 
   usa, 
   first world country,
