  just like every other at nade in the game, 
  quality brit micro, 
  i would think it reduces time between bursts , no ? 
  you can download coh 2 tools and do the math yourself , or wait for the coh-stat guy to do it for you, 
  dead infants ? 
  i do n't think it 's possible to balance meepo . 
  he is either weak or op . 
  croc shits on axis blobs, 
  i am rushing in a static emplacement without destroying it first !, 
  oh no it killed me , brits op pls nerf, 
  if only okw had a barrage unit that gets to vet 3 + regularly vs brits and can wipe their expensive squads, 
  so if i push on the side of the map that has all okw hqs really close , i can call them op ? 
  yeah , this is beyond retarded , and it 's apparently not even a bug, 
   i dominate the early/mid game, 
   points with crocodile , avre and comets, 
  yes , you obviously can have avre and croc at the same time , but lets ignore that and say it was 2 comets + a churchill , which means 180 +185 * 2 fuel , not including teching . 
  you say you dominated early game , but '' somehow '' the brit player had enough fuel to tech to t3 and field a tank army worth as much as about 2 comets and a churchill . 
  oh and since its ukf , which is mp starved , it 's even better because that would be 1700 mp worth of units . 
  obviously brits op . 
  okw has its issues , but losing from a `` dominating early and midgame '' should not be blamed on factions , when even usf can sometimes win with paper tanks from such a lead . 
  because it 's a churchill, 
  as long as mines cost 30 munis , no . 
  the mines are so fucking godlike . 
  200 damage , 66 % engine crit , 33 % heavy engine crit, 
  if you want to deal with a 222 , just bait it into a mine or crit shot it with the sniper and then piat it , it dies in 2 piat hits afaik . 
  the biggest brit problem is not dealing with vehicles but not bleeding from hans `` killing feb , getting cred '' the sniper for eternities . 
  it 's good to heal a sniper so he doesnt have to gtfo to base from aoe dmg, 
  it could work , but it would require a lot of resources and manpower . 
  the closest thing we will get is more free weekends and a price reduction on the base game . 
  yeah , but most mines are placed on roads , which are red cover , which means infantry should avoid it . 
  30 muni is nothing, 
  you know , you just tried to balance a faction around having 1 commander 24/7, 
  play spearhead if you want realism, 
  i mean , volks will just die no doubt , but a jp4 + panther or 2 of each are more than enough to deal with it . 
  you play okw vs brits like usf vs axis , just because that tank has 1 hp , does n't mean you should drive into it and try to finish it . 
  a command panther is insanely good vs all churchills with its mark , since the health is the problem , not the armor ^ ^ ^ ^ sometimes . 
  i would say it 's pretty good vs churchills , atleast from my experience . 
  i 'd think you should just have it in case , or just try it out because a churchill is a pretty sure bet to come most games . 
  when i played okw vs a very late game dual brit combo , the first push i did do with a kubel , volk , sturm squad just made sure that i got complete control of my half and managed to fortify myself in some building close to the frontline . 
  you need an early raketen after that , to make sure the wasp does n't wipe your squads and after that you just try to do your best . 
  i do n't reccomend p4s since they die to 2 hits from the 17pounder , if they decide to get it . 
  i think a stuka has incredible potential vs brits , since you will constantly delay their lategame by the mp drain if you land good barrages . 
  panthers and jp4 are a must by lategame, 
  they want it before ocf : 20th, 
  at mines have 1000 penetration . 
  they have 400 damage and 66 % vehicle engine crit and 33 % destroyed engine, 
  i 'm pretty sure upkeep is directly calculated from popcap by a multiplier of 1.5, 
  '' easy to avoid '', 
  tell me that when my units do n't even say that a grenade is incoming most of the time and even when i hear it , it is after 2 seconds because the announcer is retarded . 
  any other nade atleast does n't wipe hmgs from almost max vision range . 
  oh , and if you are retreating too late by a split second , you will get wiped because suddenly your units are n't in green cover anymore and rifle nade has 0 scatter, 
  '' early game infantry rushes '', 
  it 's not like wehr has a top tier hmg that supresses units in 1 burst with a 160 degree angle, 
  for okw , leigs . 
   some l2p issues, 
  okay , then, 
   flame weapons were broken in this patch , especially on the wasp . 
  some l2p issues there , ~ ~ smoke ~ ~ mines and flank, 
   do n't rely on announcers to warn you of nades , watch your units and micro better . 
  most players know not to leave their units sitting still when squaring off against grens . 
  yeah , i love watching my rifle squad slug it out with grens and then after 20 seconds i finally am 100 % ready to dodge that rifle nade , but too bad that i lost 2 other squads because i was watching that 1 engagement to not lose 28 mp models, 
   gren 's are supposed to be the optimal long-range infantry supported by mg42s , their damage profile and rifle nade fit into that design , so if you 're engaging them at long range you 're going to have a bad time - flank and rush them in close range and its no longer a problem . 
  so basically smoke and flank ? 
  right i forgot that cqc is king in this game , thats why units like assault engis and sturm pioneers are incredibly useful as combat units past a few minutes , especially when they lose 2 models while trying to advance . 
  you have to be a dong to not realise that long range combat is the thing that matters most in this game , and grens are the definition of that . 
  there are only 2 units that do n't suck past 5 minutes with close range weapons , and those are commandos and shocks , and that 's only because only they have the tools to get close without getting blown apart . 
   also you 'd be incredibly unlucky to get your hmg squad wiped by a rifle nade , it usually deals around 50 % damage from full on most infantry , so if something gets wiped by a rifle nade it 's because it was already half dead . 
  are you seriously questioning the wipe potential of the rifle nade ? 
  a maxim crew will drop to 40 % depending on the model position and lose between 2 to 4 models , and that 's in green cover . 
  mind you usf does n't have the luxury of having 6 man hmg squads . 
  any player that has played this game will tell you that it 's the nade that does the most wipes , due to it 's ridiculous range and lethal explosion on impact . 
   once again , comparing the molotov and rifle nade is pointless . 
  molotovs are about area denial , rifle grenades are a long range damage boost for grens . 
  i never did, 
  kubel kills an unupgraded uc from my experience, 
  did n't you hear ? 
  brits have no lategame, 
  better ? 
  you mean like it should be ? 
  they removed the reduced damage from green cover for no reason in the ukf patch , meaning a mortar hit and a rifle nade can wipe squads in a hit right now, 
  what 's wrong with me killing an uc ? 
  wehr mortars are another problem in themselves and i would like to see some changes . 
  especially to their random bullseye accuracy , compared to the soviet counterpart , or the nonexistant usf counterpart . 
   welcome to coh2 / rts - you need to watch as many fronts as possible and react accordingly . 
  if that does n't appeal , maybe a turn-based game would suit you better ? 
  so the bug that no sound is playing when a rifle nade is fired is not a problem because `` git gud '' ? 
  please show me something like this that gives you as much time to react that is about allied grenades, 
   ostheer are solely effective at long range , the answer is to engage them in cqc where they become incredibly weak . 
  it 's basic strategy . 
  sometimes it 's not possible to do that , but that does n't stop from ost having good close range units themselves , while other factions lack good units to punish it, 
   rifle nades punish bad / lazy play , but nothing more . 
  so why does no other nade do that ? 
  only the paratrooper nade is somewhat '' better '' since it has a lower timer . 
  every other nade allows you to retreat safely almost always after you see the timer . 
  churchill has a lot of health , mark makes it take increased damage . 
  you can , it 's called steins gate, 
  it was allied . 
  ca n't have that, 
  or just regular mortars, 
  yes , but you already have the croc as your sponge , so there 's no point in getting 2 churchills,
