  no , unless through a los blocker, 
  even with google ultron ? 
  rip ; _ ;, 
  yes . 
  people say it could , apparently the riflemen vet bonus is good enough for people to make allies op threads, 
  4 day old accunt 100000 % legit, 
   axis have single shot 38 cm rocket . 
  that can shoot out of sight, 
  yeah , it 's not like wehr has the turbo mortar, 
  a regular mortar is a counter good enough already, 
  lt will be useful if you play vs wehr snipers with the m20 spotting buff , and the hmg bug fix . 
  after the patch of course . 
  i still think he needs a tiny fuel reduction , just like they did with soviets , make both of them cheap so you actually have units to choose from . 
  right now , there 's no reason to get him . 
  wow rekt, 
  le buurn lists of centras in murika : [ ling ] ( \\ fire buildings ) ), 
  paks/jp4 + panthers, 
  rip, 
  will he get fined for toxic ? 
  sounds like a lol patch, 
  as usf you have 2 options , 3/2 rifles into captain and then go stuart/pack/at into major or lt, 
  or you spam res with bars and use the fuel to tech up to jacksons or m10s, 
  snipers have different health values, 
  changed damage type from magical to pure, 
  you accidentaly a word, 
  \\* holds up empyrean *, 
  oberkommando `` no stoppin ' the blobbin ' '' west, 
  krupp steel !, 
  ! 11 u ally fanboy just l2p axis so hard now, 
  literally no warning whatsoever, 
  no relic, 
  sorry , i did n't knew you were n't capable of understanding sarcasm, 
  living large baby, 
  that is just sad, 
  relic ca n't even make a patch that does n't break the game ,, 
  not if you get a vickers to vet 1, 
  obers and pfussils too, 
  that would require axis players to adapt with their openings !, 
  how are they going to nade my base ? 
  does anyone know the song name in the 3 first seconds ? 
  if it was n't being used , how is it the vehicle being fine ? 
  i 've seen people use it to great effect , seems good, 
  the flair and the 1s were n't enough ? 
  i do n't know what you read if that is a regular honest opinion, 
   almost never meant as sarcasm, 
  please find me 5 examples, 
  everyone forgot because there were no major flaws with it that would make it worth remembering, 
  rank does n't mean anything but time spent . 
  yeah ... that totally depends on how you spend your time , and your ability to learn . 
  i 've seen bad players with prestige 3 , and good players lvl 60 . 
  it just does n't matter , some bad players stay bad for a long time, 
  yeah , most of it is up to date, 
  did it change to a transformer ? 
  jp4 camo is broken, 
  pack howi and then just try to camp vps while you get jacksons, 
  ocf sib game begs to differ , kt is not even an option in 1v1s and 2v2s unless you had 2 fuel points for 10 minutes , but then anything can win you the game, 
  noone knows to this day what killed that jp4, 
  gr8 b8 m8 8/8, 
  if you look closely on the edges of his chair , you see it 's not normal, 
  a centaur rush is basically a must at the moment . 
  all you need to do is to make sure you get it before the enemy gets a panther . 
  never take big risks and never let your squads fight at a disadvantage . 
  you are not playing to put the enemy behind you , you are fighting for not being behind as much as you can , anything else is a bonus . 
  if everything else fails , you can always do the vickers bug kappa, 
  churchills and commandos, 
  relic said it 's intended anyways , but since it 's the no skill op usf , it 's an exploit !, 
  is there something wrong with old spice ? 
  command panther vs brits , anything vs rest really in my opinion . 
  ** my time is now **, 
  what were the wubs in the mlg tank, 
  it would n't be a hotfix if it did n't cause more bugs . 
  permanent loader injured is back !, 
  stuka commanders new meta, 
  edit : looks like it 's only graphical , the debuff disappears after 10 seconds but the icon stays forever . 
  i 'm so sick of 6.85 , please icefrog, 
  he was garbage lategame , so now he has something to contribute, 
  because now you just seem like someone who is butthurt by your shitty admins , and you 're looking for anything to get your glorious reputation, 
  stg has garbage far dps . 
  it makes obers turbo shock troops , while lmg gives them a solid long range dps bonus . 
  i really doubt people who say stg is better at all ranges even checked the stats . 
  stgs additionally have better accuracy vs cover , which mean they will shred buildings, 
  if you do n't have any room for cqc , do n't even bother with the ir upgrade , the lmg will just make it easier to kill models and gain vet . 
  mg34 has 16 far dps , stg has 4, 
  mg 34 has 11.5 close dps , stg has 22.5, 
  stock kar98 has 3.8 dps far and 7.8 close dps ,, 
  note you get 2 stgs, 
  on paper the irs are better than regular weapons regardless of distance , but you lose like 20 far dps compared to mg34 . 
  irs get over 20 more dps up close , so basically you choose where you want 20 dps extra , close or far, 
  they do n't ignore cover , they just have reduced accuracy penalties cover . 
  check the link, 
  you can afford 1 skin after removing 5 `` toxic '' posts !, 
  thanks for cancer [ ] ( / overrustle ), 
  did she seriously defend the faggot cunt who is in jail now [ ] ( / overrustle ) [ ] ( / overrustle ) [ ] ( / overrustle ), 
  just revert the supression changes or make it so it supresses blobs easier but does n't pin a single squad instantly , just like hmgs, 
  firefly is garbage . 
  1 shot per 10 seconds with 200 damage that ca n't attack ground ? 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  the only saving grace are the tulips which are like 2 hvap jackson shots per minute . 
  just get an at gun , it turns faster than that shitty tank and does n't cost fuel, 
  depends on the player .
