  have you tried restarting your router ? 
  have you tried to restart your pc ? 
  have you tried to reconnect your mouse ? 
  finding information by yourself wo n't give you precious attention on the interwebz . 
  only car accidents ? 
  you are kind, 
  report dis feggit noob feeder ^, 
  u wot m8, 
  advice in couches can be pretty handy if you need a new one , the sitting methods are also really important to enjoy the most out of your couch . 
  bane farms tears of bkb carries . 
   no it is n't , you are just bad and deserve this !, 
  - typical reddit response to negative facts about the matchmaking . 
  yea , until he actually responds and makes 200 videos about how what he read was '' bloody horrible '' and he is ashamed of people who watch his videos , over and over again . 
  he ca n't take criticism , please do n't make purge become '' i do what i want i am the creator it 's my channel i 'm the best man alive . 
  shut your whore mouth . '', 
  morphling is a legit counter to pl . 
  at level 16 he has 20 second downtime of a 100 % durable pl illusion which he can send to farm and push globally . 
  mjollnir is pretty good too , if he pounds on the guy with the shied , you get billions of lightning procs . 
  i played pl against a naix who shielded himself and i almost died from just attacking him , because he knew which one was real at once . 
  nightstalker is a great example of a hero that really changes the game and how it 's played , you simply do n't go alone at night , you just do n't . 
  it used to . 
  nsfw, 
  it 's not like morphling is the carry with most escapes in the game . 
  welcome to life, 
  they reduced the cost of announcers 2 days after i bought the juggernaut one , they do n't give a fuck if people bought it already . 
  it \u00b4 s an item , they lowered the price of it giving no refunds . 
  i do n't see how it 's not relevant . 
  not to mention they lowered the price of all announcers without an announcement or anything . 
  i bet you would buy it if she was almost naked . 
  maybe they will fix slark bugs until then . 
  i was always wondering how they fuck did they manage to do crazy stuff until i realized they did n't use a mouse , it 's really hard to play with the mouse and the hardest ones are physically impossible to do by mouse . 
  orange wisp to show off how hard you supported that ck on the mid lane . 
   30 feet, 
  that is like 15 arms and 2 kilos ? 
  because reddit on phones does n't exist and it 's so wonderful to type everything correctly via phones , amirite guise ? 
  volvo -  sleep is a core mechanic at night on sleep , nah that is unneccesary ,, 
  a retarded mechanic that exists there for no reason ? 
  yeaa bring it on !, 
  i think it 's more for double range hooks on pudge . 
  i have seen so many engimas expecting that they can pop bkb , run into their whole team and expect a 5man hole , yea that 'll happen . 
  you get blink for ganking not for magic 5manblackholes that win you the game at 10 minutes . 
  yea , bounty hunter is supposed to farm creeps all game long . 
  fuck your ~ ~ luck ~ ~ skill, 
  the feels, 
  what the fuck, 
  lol skins would have to disagree with you . 
  pls pause i need to walk my dog cuz my mom told me to do so, 
  and let 's not forget : age 18 + = / = mature or '' adult '', 
  although , get it fast or do n't get it at all . 
  it 's a good item with great stats for od but the slow becomes less helpful the longer the game goes on and you could be 2k closer to a sheep or an orchid depending on the team , yea aui uses it but it does n't mean it 's core every fucken game . 
  for the trees !, 
  nope , its the pl , he is imba , he 's obviously uncounterable and pl is actually doing a lot if he gets farmed !, 
  how can icefrog let a carry be useful in lategame ? 
  what the fuck icefraud, 
  i would call it the surgery that will give him his neck back . 
   weaver is bugs, 
  * weavers ', 
  yea , because then it will be farther from your turret and the enemy champions will harass you easier . 
  actually , if the tactics is a negative number , the cubed variable will be negative while the squared will be positive . 
  in order for that to work you must assume you use tactics . 
  nah , let the trolls and feeders get the best drops ingame so that they will be encouraged to do it more . 
  horribly underestimated , he is a very good pusher with strafe and can win most solo lanes thanks to his high damage and an orb , he is also a decent safelane solo against a trilane due to his invis and ability to lasthit under tower . 
  people forget that death pact will give him a lot , a lot of hp . 
  you should always be prepared to eat a big creep if you expect to fight . 
  said when she baked a big loaf of bread . 
  i know my wyrmchell has 4 views too few , i contacted valve about this . 
  you raged on all chat and left a game , seems worse to me . 
  by helpful you mean asking for it while offering 2 drow crates , creating 20 accounts to upvote that post and then make a thread ( w ) smeevil ( h ) 2 keys ? 
  we are almost done with our new client !, 
  clinkz is not outclassed , he is a burst physical carry that has presence at all stages through the game by being an amazing pusher and ganker . 
  he is just situational . 
  stopped reading there . 
  did you just say wisp is more broken than kotl ? 
  if anything , wisp is underpowered . 
  i find it weird sometimes , you get 1 point for a win in an even game and lose 1 if you lose to a worse team . 
  either the point display part is broken or the point award system is broken . 
  if you solopush on the other side of the map , yea he is broken just then . 
  bracer money ? 
  stick + boots in 50 minutes is the only inventory a support can have . 
  not this one , he did when he played shadow demon though and trashtalked his whole team and said that he is too good to play with such morons . 
  best 52 minutes i 've spent in a long time , thanks a lot . 
  people forget that this thing makes lance pretty much a guaranteed burn damage while you are not even close , a naked diffu illusion wo n't even attack twice before disappearing while you can micro this one to deal consistent damage without being vulnearable . 
  it 's good for the 1 minute after you get it . 
  then it just takes space . 
  not to mention it 's the worst out of the 3 stat combination items . 
  fuck the guy for trying to have enough money to survive on his own, 
  technically , white is composed of all colors , but he is more tealish now so if every color would be put a little bit more to the teal color , it might work . 
  core on sproink . 
   i go into every match expecting a loss . 
  so do i when i see any cyrillic . 
  he got buffed youknow . 
  i 'd say maining a hero for a while after you understand ** every hero **, 
  is a good thing . 
  you will drastically improve as this hero and will have improved knowledge and decisionmaking and can use it for your advantage later , after you feel you are good enough i 'd recommend switching . 
  i wish i did this since i can play everything decently , but i dont have my exceptional heroes besides a few who just fit to my playstyle and not because i have experience with them . 
  it 's like jenga , once you fuck up , your whole building is fucked , unless it was a minor mistake , it will fall . 
  you ca n't harass someone with tranquils, 
  yea , you waste 200 mana on some damage and he goes and hides and comes back after 10 seconds with 50 % hp for 25 mana . 
  counters everything what od and silencer bring to the table . 
  a good player knows when to use it , popping it with no need to will just screw you over , 10 seconds is lot of time , you should really be conservative now that you ca n't sell it to refresh the charges .
