  batrider says hi, 
  rax in 15 minutes gg icefraud, 
  enchantress, 
  mythbusters ? 
  if you got matched against funn1k and complain about drow being imba , i think i have seen the most of what this universe has to offer . 
  the only decent east european players . 
  i 've played with some good players myself , mania , bumblebee , some from dignitas and others , the point is drow is nowhere near imba no matter what people say . 
  she has her strenght which is high dmg early , luna hits already for over 100 at level 7 and can instagib anyone with her ult , is she '' imba '' ? 
  if you want to really confirm it you should post the dotabuff of the match . 
  and drow loses 50 % of her '' imbaness '' by being near an enemy . 
  damage is damage , i do n't see your point . 
  you said she hits hard , others do that too . 
  this is the same stage as it was with treant when he got his living armor . 
  omg so imba and now he never sees play even in pubs . 
  drow does n't have a 300 dmg nuke with 6 second cd , insane + dmg aura to heroes and an ultimate that can decimate several opponents at once and the best ms in the game . 
  drow attackspeed is shit before she gets her ult . 
  are you seriously comparing heroes to show that they do n't have the same skillset when they should n't even be close with that ? 
  it 's a hero who works similiar to sf , if he gets farmed he will demolish anything but if he is kept under pressure all he has is his abilities . 
  excuse : not related to lol . 
  i can stomp sometimes so hard that i get ultras with just ulting but against an competent team i just never get teammates who understand his role and i end up being useless and ganked all time . 
  i also love pugna but he is a situational hero and almost never works in pubs . 
  1v1 right now scrub , come at me bro . 
  any tips for a player that wants to get into competetive but has trouble finding a team at his skill level or game knowledge ? 
  or shadowblade . 
  give some love for devourer, 
  do you recommend inhouses as a way to get contacts with good players ? 
  should have tornadoed into emp into blast into coldsnap into spirits into sunstrike into alacrity and bam , she survived with 60 % hp because she blinked . 
  do n't bother , he has a mindless army behind him , whatever you do is wrong and you should '' shut up '' . 
  welcome to reddit where everyone should play for ig by their definition of their own skill and game knowledge . 
  owning noobs in dota wo n't do it by itself . 
  true , i think it is less than 5 seconds . 
   girlfriend, 
  wat is dat, 
  with arc warden, 
  it fucks the color scheme anyways . 
  one day i will rule the world . 
  you could, 
  i still wait for the leopard ... coolest courier i \u00b4 ve seen . 
  the circuit ends here !, 
  will the real karl the invoker please stand up ? 
  lol players ca n't get that through their heads . 
  is the anti-anti-mage late for the party ? 
  even better , 3 randomed supports . 
  you misspelled zeus, 
  still slots . 
  i hope he does n't blame everything on his teammates like tb does . 
  edit : for all the '' ofc he did n't '' , '' they had huge lead '' , i posted this before i was able to watch the vid . 
  i 'm happy that he does n't do that now that i watched it . 
  it was singed the whole time !, 
  i hope they do . 
  even then i would rather pick weaver . 
  i 'm so alternative , playing dota 2 over lol and shit . 
  yea it won . 
  half a year ago . 
  they should respond with :, 
  bloodseeker so fucking imba u ca n't move or u die wtf icefraud, 
  yea it will get buried , as the top comment . 
  i was getting worried that the facebook poll was just a scam and you would never play it . 
  you are very lucky then . 
  i still wonder how that little fucker controls mechanical units . 
  better than an acronym that describes 90 % of the games . 
  not if you do n't have detection and he has shadowblade . 
  mute the harassers . 
  his fact still stands . 
  yea , did i say that it is n't ? 
  people just love getting pitchforks because someone did n't write something that just pushed an opinion in the same direction that they wanted . 
  wow , thanks a lot !, 
  now i know that i should accept that people have a hard time reading with comprehension on this subreddit . 
  i mean that counterpicking has a less relevant impact without countering items . 
  kill him before he gets items . 
  medusa and pl are two counters to eachother , a big aoe cc can fuck him over like disruptor or es . 
  sd and ds can make him fight against his own illusions , which hurts , alot, 
  are you trading it ? 
  approved , he tried to do the same to me . 
  i really like the ethereal flames effect for couriers . 
  wish a hero had them as a part of his model . 
  ods ult is pretty sexy too though . 
  i call aa and alch first pick/ban soon . 
  replay brackets have no relevance in skill level . 
  very true indeed . 
  defence wardogs are just hoarded , noone uses them because they have no interest in using the items in the way that they were supposed to be used : as fucking couriers and now they are used as a currency noone is willing to buy . 
  you can spam spells in fountain to get a feel of how they work since you have insane regen there . 
  you should n't, 
  also be afraid of reading the tooltips closely and not just plowing through them and then missing the obvious . 
   platinum ~ ~ players ~ ~ scum unite !, 
  ftfy, 
  2014 it is !, 
  teal ef wardog for it ? 
  frosti one was liferipper . 
  yes i knew exactly what they did because i am the minority in this world who reads manuals , introductions etc. 
  to things i am not familiar with . 
  i watched dotacinemas hero preview for every hero before i played mm and knew what ability did what and i also read tooltips which speak for themselves . 
  i have had experience in this genre so i just had to get familiar with mechanics , i do n't see your point . 
  he just does n't have time to dedicate to learning this game as fast as others , i bet he has a lot of work, 
  you misspelled dagon . 
  '' - international '' in the startup settings in library in steam in dota 2 in properties in steam in the black thingy called steam . 
  for people wondering, 
  and never get int , int is for support heroes who are useless and for pussies , real men play carries and you need precious agi and str . 
  try : idi nahui , blyat , cyka gamburger noob uninstall . 
  i think we need a gigantic thread with all those links of awesome artworks in one place .
