  because the courier itself is n't immortal . 
  knives . 
  sharp . 
  noob lone druid no salad only tomato, 
  vitamins . 
  i love vitamins . 
  nah brah , thats some fucked up logic there man . 
  us servers are obviously for south americans . 
  omg retard why you no hook aa ( he is in their base ), 
  all : rusftw.cyka : report pudge noob gamburger, 
  tell that to lycan wolves when they blocked panda at ti2 . 
  thanks , fixed . 
  yes, 
  death ward riki . 
  sometimes it 's worth getting just for extra range . 
  more like legion commanders duel but the loser gets low priority . 
  if they want the game , they should look for it . 
  if you get bottle first , i just assume you are russian . 
  what is longer ? 
  do you play a non-manly hero that ca n't ball out of control ? 
  get it . 
  russians , south-americans . 
  i play nyx on ru if i really want some amazing kdrs . 
  in sc2 community *, 
  meepo is fine . 
  visage though ... 
  people who think matchmaking actually works play like 1 game a month . 
  and then they post on reddit how you should stop typing in allchat because you are what is wrong with the community . 
  gon na try it , thanks . 
  axe favorite hero . 
  kunkka flair . 
  you ca n't disassemble vanguard . 
  bloodstone ? 
  you stoopid dumb bitch slut gamburger noob why you no gank mid noob report pls no brrrain . 
  you can get 1-2 treasure keys for each . 
  yea i mean it 's not like valve intentionally did n't include china so that perfect world could be responsible for the game there , not even a bit . 
  i think he is good , if anything his aura should add as or dmg . 
  vanguard on rangeds , oh god . 
  that involves teamwork . 
  find what 's wrong with the above sentence . 
  when i play him i enjoy it actually . 
  he has high str and his bashes fuck everyone up when you skillproc them . 
  he is maybe a lackluster , but he is fun as fuck . 
  with aghs you have immense gapcloser and aoe cc . 
  i do n't know why you define a hero 's capabilities as pub stomping . 
  with charge at lvl 1 and a good lane i can score fb for my team and roam charging left and right , with proper angle you can avoid being detected or you can buy smoke . 
  he is underrated imo . 
  nah , better ignore an obvious feature and praise a person for bringing up the thing because being lazy is '' trendy '' . 
  not even close . 
  recommended builds are decent for few heroes , others are outdated or just bad . 
  is it true that if you get into the eye by yourself , you gain powers of the wind ? 
  what are you doing here then ? 
  zxcg space mb5, 
  outworld, 
  lion . 
  one of us !, 
  i love juggernauts voice but as a hero my favorites are od and morphling . 
  i would buy all of them , no matter what . 
  ward his jungle . 
  i do n't like mom on him , it just makes me die too often . 
  personal preference . 
  acid test : f, 
  his ult is fine , silence is very weird and does n't fit him though and his e needs an active ability . 
  i think it 's shit on necro . 
  that 's like saying nightstalkers q is up because after he uses it you can tp without problems . 
  dat logic . 
  ulti is fine , he needs a rework on one of his basic abilities though , if not all of them . 
  do n't you think tping and taking the damage would be imba ? 
  it is bad , for 200 more you could have an energy booster , which is better . 
  it is an item that puts you off your path when you build items , necro needs his core or he will just feed . 
  i played against a pretty fed sb , he had mom , he got raped even while being in bkb when most of our damage came from spells . 
  i only get it on ench , void ( if i seriously do n't have farm and need kills ) and maybe on slark . 
  yea reddit will surely explain their disagreeing downvotes . 
  just wait . 
  + x , the seconds were dependant on his attributes . 
  a skill needs to have its weaknesses or it 's bullshit . 
  just because his ult is countered by not moving does n't mean it is what is the problem . 
  you suck . 
  everyone does . 
  no matter how much you play you still have lots to learn . 
  he does n't have legs , he needs medical help and we do n't see him anymore . 
  and enjoy your ef war dog courier which you uncrated . 
  their model is so moneysucking that it hurts my wallet . 
  cough ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ign, 
  main stat has no impact on stat gain . 
  i meant that they gain way more money from it than they should . 
  unless you 're burning, 
  stupids gon na stupid, 
  i do n't have a problem with it , i just point that valve can make money and support the community and learn from them , riot though ... . 
  huskar imba riot nerf pls 10 hp 10000000000 dmg wtf icefraud, 
  i think only doom deals dmg and units he controls just get regeneration and ms. 
  i prefer aa or axe, 
  it is the best non-ultimate crit in the game . 
  make his autoattacks change colors depending on his essences . 
  edit : maybe even the animation and the projectile . 
  of course ck will deal more damage when there is 4 of him . 
  closer . 
  and a blink dagger , more blinks = more gpm . 
  add a forcestaff to move while both blinks are on cd and you also need the precious ms from euls to keep up with your insane gpm . 
  that 's how you slam creeps .
