  yes , russians are a mans best friend , fuck dogs . 
  just btw , i play on the top sides of the live games , and before i even got good , i played with better pudges . 
  i just mean that saying that you think something is ugly needs no '' no offense '' . 
  it 's your opinion and you wo n't change it easly . 
  why should you apologize for being yourself . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing , but you ca n't deny the gift is pure pixels . 
  and yes , it can pay off . 
  redbull gives you wings !, 
  just imagine a flying drow hitting you from trees . 
  it 's just price manipulation . 
  you have to be really naive to believe those prices . 
  ta can actually kill someone before they tp away though . 
  an item that instakills and has 10 minute cd . 
  actual dragon form : dragon knight turns into a dragon and flies so high in the skies that he becomes invurneable and untargetable for melee units . 
  his low mana pool may be fixed with the upcoming buff . 
  a good offlaner vs no sentries . 
  can win a lot of 1v1 with shadow walk harass . 
  scrub l2p with some units you probably will never in your whole life measure correctly , because it adds skill , just like 960 blink dagger . 
  this is fucking bullshit . 
  why am i made to suffer from invokers doing ghostwalks in less than a fucking millisecond and removing the only freaking range indicator in the game because you valve have something to learn from lol . 
  technically we see the past because information has a finite speed , the speed of light . 
  so even though it is miliseconds for our brain to interpret what is happening , it already happened . 
  [ -- ] armchairdotapro [ deleted ], 
  le report ppl for bug testing xd ur so epic show me ur memeface www.quickmeme.com make a memeface to show how u feel or i cant comprehend juts how le epic u r xd xddddddd, 
  it 's in the game . 
  what ? 
  the irony . 
  every hero is made to have a gap closer and/or a escape so that noobs wo n't complain about a hero being up because he does n't have a fucking flash on a 15 sec cd . 
  fuck you riot . 
  dead game . 
  '' now '', 
  good set but ck with a face , is not the same ck i knew . 
  learn to read . 
  mcdonald 's frying pan operator interview . 
  because shitty client . 
  `` over a game '', 
  oh boy , this argument again . 
  anus pain causes extreme things to happen . 
  '' dude you are supposed to stack before you pull '', 
  `` stfu faggot muted report pls '', 
  i dunno , it reduced the amount of rustards by pretty much 100 % in my games . 
  because they want fast queue times . 
  yup , atleast those who spam cyka . 
  i have n't seen cyrillic in a while now . 
  yak would be my favorite if it was n't for the rope around its mask . 
  he requires too much skill, 
  nah , he is a walking ulti just like tidehunter ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  spiders feed too much gold . 
  if only they removed shitposts ... 
  someone force staffed her . 
  happy to send automated copy pasted answers from faq you mean . 
  infinite amount of upgrades is a lot of infinite money though . 
  pls use the active , just pls do it . 
  good post . 
  wards are pretty cool , but volvo is seriously milking heroes for cosmetics . 
  i think there are as many doom swords now as axe axes , while poor od gets 1 overpriced set just because the guy who made it is '' famous '' . 
   preference, 
  this option only reduces heavily room for error but gives some advantage in speed . 
  you get some , lose some . 
  shit 's creepy, 
  a note , if you disrupt him mid-air while pouncing , he will finish the pounce and pop out at the end of it . 
  missing , rune informations , obvious ganks , rosh timers , gold away from key items , when to 5man push . 
  once you get better people and get better yourself , you wo n't need to communicate about everything . 
  coordinating ganks and or combos is vital though . 
  i 'm not saying it either , just giving some depth into it . 
  although i think it is a neat way of rewarding precision . 
  christ save us all . 
  even a random 5man from reddit could compete with that . 
  he just needs to hide to regen back up . 
  good for assaults . 
  40 dmg . 
  vtblanket [ deleted ] 18 asdasd dasda ( 16 | 66 ), 
  yea and you increase the chances of her doing you by like 3 % . 
  do n't tell me dem titties are n't nice . 
  all the worths !, 
  you are never alone, 
   if you 've ever watched a lol game , it 's pretty stale especially the ~ ~ first 12 minutes ~ ~ whole game . 
  ftfy, 
  i only thought it was a legend , i know can with proof call lol a game for kids . 
  a flaw in design is not something to discuss . 
  it is there , better or not . 
  love your commentary but please for the love of god do n't do the same thing as every commentator does , you rush too much . 
  you read a skill , and drop it midair just to talk about other stuff . 
  read descriptions thoroughly and take your time , you would learn a lot just by spending some seconds focusing on the text . 
  f.ex , at the start you talked about the guides and whatnot but ignored totally the text from the guide what told a lot about his astral imprisonment , and thereafter when you checked items , you did n't even read what forcestaff does nor you actually read what you were buying for orchid , you bought a mana reg item on a hero who has full mana through the whole game . 
  imo this would make the video be more enjoyable for newbies and yourself . 
  there is already / r/dota2arts, 
  not a lot of people are aware or they do n't bother to switch subreditts . 
  says meepo, 
   any game, 
  brings examples of two major rival games . 
  inb4 tower cancer, 
  he meant that riot wants to nerf ryze again because he is a good solo top , but he isnt supposed to even be playable in any other lane than mid . 
  agree , people do n't get that even though those numbers are big , those are literally kids , about 14 yo that make up that population . 
  we have enough '' adults '' acting like that already . 
  yes , it is bad . 
  bloodstone is a bad item on her . 
  she needs to survive , not have enough mana to spam crypt through the whole game . 
  and if you even get a lot of stacks and revive instantly after a fight , your ult is still on cooldown and you are still useless . 
  only if he gets good midgame , which he often does .
