  stomps beat spds , and you ca n't ex dp zangief for chip if he got meter since ex hand will make him go through it, 
  never use slashes for pressure if you do n't know if it will hit , they can ultra/spd it on block, 
  i would n't classify this as a gimmick in that case , it 's an air ultra and they cant use it . 
  not really much more to it, 
  online tactics will live forever, 
   the moment they try to make me follow it , is the moment they 'll get kicked out of europe, 
  the problem is they are already forcing it in european countries and noone is allowed to comment because `` racism '', 
  except a dp is easy to punish, 
  he flashes yellow which is a huge giveaway that he will cross up if close, 
  you can , but you have to be at a distance from your opponent , oni has a 3f safejump . 
  anet never balanced or fixed bugs in time . 
  mesmer has loads of bugs since release, 
  ignored is a pretty good word to describe all the good things this game could get . 
  they ca n't admit they fucked up and now they try to fix a sinking boat . 
  they should just totally remake some parts of the game , but better make new outfits and fix tool tips a year after release first . 
  op is a 011001100110000101100111011001110110111101110100, 
  you have to cancel it . 
  you need to input the hp button within the active frames of hk , and hk is 4 f so you just need to be really quick . 
  i have it . 
  i really like the handle and it 's very easy to open , had to clean the buttons from a spill and still works perfectly . 
  buttons are very easy to press so it 's something you need to get familiar with , i do n't regret it . 
  also the ability to stuff a part of the cord inside the cable box is pretty handy so you do n't end up with a long cord everywhere , but that may be something every stick has , i have n't seen or touched another one . 
  i think his air super is a total waste at the start of the round . 
  350 dmg is almost nothing when you realize that is 4 bars and no stun . 
  you give up the ability to do combos that do more than the super itself for half the cost , and you do n't even know if you will ever get enough meter to do those reasonably fast after blowing it on super . 
  i find it a great finish move , since people forget about it , but it never won me a game when i used it early . 
  i am not in that end of the spectrum of physical condition , but i would 've reacted totally the same . 
  the smell makes me puke . 
  depends on the player , i know omh said he does that because he feels like it and he thinks it affects the opponent . 
   dude probably has phimosis too , so i hope he 's careful if he ever loses his virginity . 
  what can happen ? 
  yes . 
  no point in ending combos with stomp now , better tatsu for damage and corner carry . 
  that is character specific , the tatsu will do 2 hits on most of the cast due to cr.hp pushback . 
  if you want real max damage you can link cr.hp for less fadc scaling or tc2 for short combos after ch f.mk . 
  another ch combo is ch slash , cr.lp , cr.hp / tc2 , finisher ( slash fadc ) . 
  slash also combos from ch cr.mp and ch st.mk so you can use that in footsies to make them walk into it and get a combo . 
  dae le dota good ? 
  xddd, 
  atleast blink always pushed you forward , even midair unless there was something you could n't climb , like a wall . 
  he is arguably the best ranged carry in the game able to kill an entire team from really far away in seconds with farm , but he is really squishy , slow , needs a lot farm , ca n't farm fast and does n't really want to get a bkb so he will lose to any blink dagger initiation which is really popular . 
  if you know how to position yourself , he is really scary . 
  it 's there for balance , which is a reason for, 
   truly emergent metagame, 
  can combo anything afterwards, 
  limited edishun . 
  ti2 couriers wo n't come back , and they were distributed when least amount played compared to the following tis = less couriers . 
  ( most likely ), 
  it also rose in price recently because ti2 couriers got a blue ef like effect , instead/in addition of those almost invisible old ones ^ ^ ^ ^ finally . 
  could be a macro . 
  she got a rework and is being tuned to be balanced, 
  it 's a move that has a fireball hitbox , nothing special , but it 's pretty random and rare to have . 
  please , dota is not even close to be remotely stale or '' optimized '' when all but several heroes were picked and noone played the same heroes over and over again in ti . 
  even though it is pretty stale in gw , it 's mostly due to anets retarded balancing team and the fact that most pro players want to use what has worked for them over a long period of time and is not risky so to speak . 
  i 'm sure interrupt mesmer will see the light when they nerf the incredibly long stability buffs from heavy classes and berserker stance giving a hidden stability that ca n't be dispelled . 
  since when is daze a condition ? 
  anon is no kill ? 
  b-but muh '' abuse '' !, 
  honestly this is becoming just like lol players say that pause can be abused , courier can be abused , movement manipulation on allies can be abused ... etc. 
  and should not be added to the game because it ruins the '' fun '' . 
  i think forcing it to not be permanent but a month will give you a chance to forget about that person and after that time , you may get him again and it wo n't be such a problem , but that depends on the person . 
  he is akuma if akuma would lose grasp of his `` humanity '' . 
  it really did n't happen , but just shows what could happen if he got really angry . 
  buffer jabs while in another move and then press forward , lk and hp at the same time . 
   also in league you are very depended on your team, 
  because most of the sports are played alone . 
  not if you are already used to it, 
  shine has media control with the newest drivers, 
  i think he was checking what would beat it . 
  yes , but that 's not a technical challenge . 
  river hero , hon got one . 
  * buffer, 
  yes but some people get bored or just want to play something different for once , sorry got ta pay first, 
  bad troll 2/10, 
  darude sandstorm of chinese cartoons, 
   so i guess my question is two-fold : when to press buttons at close range ( how to know when ) and how to get in while keeping an opportunity to press buttons . 
  you picked the wrong character in that case . 
  oni is limited to lk , f.lk and f.hp in addition to other normals that work in the mu which more often than not is just st.mp or st.mk . 
  you need to use lk for pretty much everything , cancelling it into hado , slash or tatsu is a pretty important part of his game of keeping the enemy scared of pressing buttons , walking forward or focusing . 
  you have to be very patient and do as few mistakes as you can . 
  when you get close you have a lot of options , b.mp is a normal that blockstrings into slash and is + on block aswell as his stepkick can net big counterhit combos . 
  basically once you are close you do frametraps , throws and play an offensive guessing game . 
  pick out their habits and adapt . 
  cr.hp is a great way to frametrap crouch tech mashing and confirming st.lk xx hado fadc can give you a lot of damage from a range . 
  his normals suck simply put , so you have to make up for it with a solid offense . 
  when it comes to being pressured , knowing the enemy frame data helps a lot , and you more often than not just have to wait it out while fishing with st.lk . 
  plinking cr.lp with cr.lk can give you a 3f crouch tech as his cr.lk is 4f startup if you are getting thrown a lot . 
  pressing buttons = frametrap them , if you still get hit do tighter frametraps or practice your timing . 
  once they just block , do kara throws . 
  dudley can do over 300 dmg from an ex duck upper aa with some bars . 
  he gains meter insanely fast when he 's in , so never be afraid to use ex duck for frametraps or getting closer . 
  learn the duck juggle timing in the corner for max damage . 
  this guy has a lot of tutorial vids of dud, 
  learn plinking , it 's essential for karaing and making links easier is just a + . 
  learn his frame data and go in training to see how to punish his specials , and when you can press buttons . 
  cody has very good buttons and pressure when close so you have to get familiar with the matchup and be patient . 
  yes you can , but the air super does less damage , so i do n't know why you would do that , not to mention you can do more damage with those bars in a combo . 
  improve your footsies by checking which normal beats what at what ranges vs characters that give you trouble and use it . 
  i hope that 's a good thing, 
  play good players and get punished for it,
