  pack is too op to not get it first now , but i will get a .50 unless i do n't have enough fuel for a lt. 
  ctr-g or ctr-h, 
  bro just l2p if we get solo queue , timers will be like 999 hours, 
  git gud you are just bad this is balanced do n't break the circlejerk, 
  please valve my anus is all lubed up for your party mmr, 
  he is a walking mana aura . 
  who cares if you hit hard when you ca n't hit anything . 
  ez win , top tier hero, 
  that is a lot of toxicity , good reason for a permaban with no parole, 
  yes, 
  firefly takes 10 seconds to reload, 
   luchs , flakht and flakhq changed into accuracy based attacks like centaur with less aoe than before . 
  ir 44s are significantly worse than mg34 on longer ranges , even more when out of cover . 
  they 're map specific, 
  pakwall is still as strong as it always was . 
  just do n't stack them on top of eachother , churchills are walking vet machines for paks . 
  i managed to hold off a croc with 3 paks and a halftrack right behind to reinforce them , spotting also helps . 
  once i got each of them to vet 1 i just saved ammo for the chainstun and it was gone next time it showed itself . 
  a panther could also help , but i saved for a tiger . 
  is bleed like pigs and are bad outside cover . 
  i 'm not sure if lmg grens will beat them in cover though . 
  they can take on a sturm squad if they started firing from cover , so you should n't just walk into them if they have the rof bonus . 
  you can check coh2.org , they should have some updated guides and discussions amidst the balance threads, 
  he has a phd !, 
  you dont so obviously he knows what he is talking about :\\ ^ ), 
  sounds like being outplayed [ ] ( / kappa ), 
  still better than kubel to counter snipers . 
  it barely even shoots on the move, 
  he told a fake account some mean words ( mildly suggesting suicide ) and then / r/lol started a crusade against him . 
  i 'm not quite versed in the topic , but that 's what i think happened, 
  most of the time it 's not even riot who makes this so it 's even worse . 
  we all know they are busy spending their budget on `` research '' . 
  you realise that lol mods are pretty much riot puppets, 
  not completely , they have 0.9 accuracy on green cover and buildings compared to the default 0.5 , but they still do 50 % damage, 
  revive + teleport strat, 
  now you know . 
  it 's cancer and most people know it , yet refuse to leave . 
  there was a mod free week there after mods got so butthurt that people complained about them , and people agreed that it was better without the mods , but after 1 skin everyone forgets about what happened . 
  no you see that does n't count because i said so, 
  you sound really defensive about those guys . 
  sounds like all you care is to not paint them in a bad light , like most of the community already did . 
  also saying that sib is badmouthing everyone behind his back is just incredible, 
  this is just such a one sided post that screams circlejerk . 
  1 nade can clear a whole field sometimes, 
  i think the strongest comes out to the question against who . 
  all of them are good , maybe brits less so than others but still doable . 
  i am currently on my samsung galaxy s 2 and am looking for upgrading it . 
  recently i 've been waiting for the nexus reveal , which i honestly know nothing about , like the nexus family , but as it is '' the new thing '' i am looking into it , namely the 6p, 
  i just want a phone that will last me years , has good overall specs , will have smooth performance , good storage capabilites and anything else is a bonus really . 
  i do n't really care how big it is or how much it costs , but i would like something that is updated and has all the '' new '' features . 
  are there any other phones i should look at ? 
  maybe the wrong sub to ask this but how are windows phones compared to those new android phones ? 
  both teams are so good they never make mistakes , which means noone can capitalize on mistakes !, 
  thanks for the response . 
  i really have no idea how handy wireless charging is as i 'm still several years behind on phones . 
  the thing that puts me off is the non detachable battery and no card slot , however i think 128 gb should be enough . 
  thanks for your response . 
  i 've checked on the moto x , and really liked it 's design feature , however i 'm an eurofag . 
  are the new nexus phones significantly ahead of those phones in terms of technical specifications ? 
  i see literally nothing special, 
  do they mean the zoom out ? 
  if so holy shit, 
  no , it is just the only one with heavy crush, 
  you ca n't start banning leavers until you have a game that does n't crash randomly and has a reconnect feature , which means you can start thinking about this in a few years . 
  supression should decay almost immediatly once the source of supression is not able to fire and hmgs should be way better at pinning advancing squads , it 's just stupid that a volk squad can crawl and nade anything considering the abysmal supression values all hmgs except mg42 have . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ born, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  anyone has any idea when they will be available in other countries ? 
  infantry was n't really a problem either, 
  i also forgot that i had one , it just stood there . 
  sick micro on my part, 
  centaur clears buildings as fast as a demo charge . 
  i think relic is working on a big patch , like pershing/goliath big . 
  i heard there is already a slot in med hq for the goliath . 
  well , it 's not so bad honestly now since every faction has something op . 
  it 's way more frustrating to play , but more balanced imo, 
  uc has very good dps and is able to kill models really fast and as long as you dont walk into a pfaust you should force the enemy out , atleast in the 1st engagement . 
  later it can be used to deal with garrisoned mgs with the wasp, 
  tell me about it , mind you they were after eachother, 
  random 2v2 as axis is just mental suicide in my experience, 
  yes downvote this guy while posting omg i am so sick of having electric mexican man in my games, 
  there are a few nitronic levels remade in distance already , but there are a lot of challenging levels already . 
  with the steam workshop you will always have something new to check out, 
  i have no idea when the next patch is going to be up , but i do n't think relic is in a hurry since all things considered the game does not have some critical issues . 
  get a reload reduction sherman bulletin, 
  2 . decrew and enter, 
  20 % max speed and turning speed, 
  50 % acceleration/deceleration, 
  that is the one made by astralfoxy, 
  bulletin too ? 
   mines ? 
  lol, 
   at infantry ? 
  lol, 
   at guns ? 
  good luck getting them close enough to hit a jt/ele, 
  pack has lower range but longer barrage range, 
  the moment you actually lure an elefant or a jt in a mine you can post it here and ill send you cookies, 
  bazookas are garbage and will always be as long as they do 80 damage and 130 pen vs a unit with 400 + armor . 
  good luck using any usf tank vs heavy tank destroyers except m10s,
