  i do n't like most of the sets honestly . 
  ) , spectre and tusk look way too off the standard style for me . 
  i kept the rubick one because it is hilariously weird with that tiny head . 
  the dk set is amazing though . 
  i 'm also not sure if limiting it to compendium owners is a good idea . 
  yeah , i think it 's connected to taking territory but i have no idea and ca n't find it out, 
  i like it because it does exactly that , it still makes necro look like necro and not someone that got lost while shopping clothes ( jugg set ) . 
  got ta stock up on them before they go immortal, 
  the skywrath looks better with the 2nd style of his weapon/head since it makes it smaller, 
  outplayed, 
  lol has paypoints and dota has hats, 
  removing keys was a pretty large hint, 
  and the new chests are n't random ? 
  there was no russia, 
  ti-nspire cx cas master race, 
  thanks a lot . 
  do you know what the 3 different penetration values mean ? 
  also , how does armor work vs damage ? 
  the bus driver then stood up and everyone started to clap, 
  yeah , everyone knows you get 0 ae with the reconquest casus belli for your cores, 
  got ta keep it anti toxic, 
  you should be able to just make 8 client states, 
  burden of knowledge, 
  they said they wo n't remove it because it 's an '' idea '' and not harassment, 
  since early dota 2 beta, 
  especially northern europe . 
  salted liquorice is a thing, 
  do n't dare to speak against the hivemind . 
  aghs on od is shit because i said so, 
  am asperger 's , can confirm, 
  that 's one nice pepe, 
  is this good ? 
  will relic plan on making the game have 6 factions ? 
  i tried it and it seemed pretty good , but sometimes i still get pretty outpushed in the early game either by kubel with sturms or an early mg with grenadiers . 
  i play mostly 2v2 , and if i get grenades i shit myself out of ammunition , maybe because i do n't use them well enough but it seems like besides delaying your lieutenant by getting grenades there is nothing i can do against that , and even then the us grenades seem like shit compared to the german ones . 
  because then you 're racist, 
  aegis did 500 damage , great clarity, 
  actually it 's big boobs with a champion, 
   skill shots, 
  more like spamshots, 
  [ ] ( / masterb8 ), 
   music is more subjective than games . 
  you think that because you do n't know much about music, 
  the mods woke up rip, 
  it 's adressing riot just as much as your paycheck is, 
  because you imply that beethoven just sat down , wrote music on a sheet and the notes appeared out of nowhere in perfect order with perfect spacing . 
  if music is just music , why does n't everyone make it as good, 
  music is not just '' music '' , it is build up of things just as much as games are not just '' games '' but are built of  storyline , graphics , characters, 
  i do n't know much about music theory so i ca n't tell you exactly what it consists of , but i know that it 's not just mashing every note that gets you a good song , not to mention singing is a part of many music pieces aswell, 
  yes i would like to move my tiger, 
  could be this ? 
  [ ] ( / notears ), 
  what 's worth getting if anything ? 
  do the mission packs give any camos ? 
  which are ultimates, 
  he asked about it and got a copy paste auto response so i guess, 
  you mean 10 in skill, 
  the point of enjoying dota is realising why you should play it , if a tiny change like this makes you wan na try dota , it wo n't last long . 
  you need to realise the big things of lol that you hate and repel you enough for you to stay with dota , which will be a pretty long and harsh experience that is easy to abandon . 
  what made it for me was the ability to play any hero that just sealed the deal . 
  i have played lol since kog release and after the eu split , it was infuriating to lose friends for no reason but shitty servers from riot . 
  after several hundred of euros of investment in skins i just could n't handle the p2w system and the server gating . 
  i loved the genre , but riot made a shitty product and after i got a beta key to dota , i switched completely, 
  there are many fun champions in lol but not having enough virtual currency was just annoying and really stupid . 
  if i see a hero that looks cool , i could play him , and that made my gameplay incredibly fun . 
  i played a different hero almost every game at the start and just realised how fun it was . 
  you should play dota if you are sick of lol . 
  do n't see much reason otherwise, 
  subsidies cap at +15, 
  is 16 hitler ? 
   maining, 
  except the fact that you need to pay ammo to do anything vs heavier tanks, 
  i never use it because captain tier is disappointing right now , and i think a lot of people would say it 's the same reason they do n't get it, 
  axis can just retreat after the us player activates the shells and make him waste ammo . 
  not to mention that riflemen are pretty bad in my experience late game without the infantry lmg . 
  usf spends a lot of ammuniton on grenades alone to counter the mgs of axis . 
  what do you expect from a sub that upboats le maymays constantly, 
  they dindu nuffin , they were good boys, 
  polan invented world, 
  german steel is expensive, 
  for you, 
  is the g43 better than the mg42 ? 
  in the steam game properties change the language to something random , after it 's done downloading change back to the one you want, 
  what does the % recieved accuracy modifier ? 
  how about every german tank is replaced with tiger, 
  2pm to 6pm pdt, 
  23:00 gmt +1 - 03:00 gmt +1 for me, 
  maybe he sexually identifies as a k\u00f6nigstiger ? 
  wonder if there is a chance for the super pershing just like tiger ace, 
  they intentionally made maxim the exception so i 'm sure relic is aware and is hopefully cooking something, 
  yeah , the main problem of usf is just that they have too few units or units that are viable . 
  makes the game really linear, 
  dae le korans leteral ultimate gaming race robots, 
  this patch or the next one ? 
  got 4 bugsplats today, 
  thank mr mazzetti, 
  that seems like a big deal, 
  m20 armor and mines are n't free + para lmgs/infantry lmg, 
  the suppression decays way too slowly when the source of suppression is not able to fire . 
  why are my men crawling when the god damn flak is destroyed or their mg is packing up ?
