  have you had contact with poles , if so what do you think about them ? 
  ( in the war ) thank you !, 
  hue hue hue hue hue hue, 
  wow , seriously ? 
  i bet valve wo n't do anything about it which is sad . 
  i 'd say ancient . 
  20 min is the limit imo . 
  if you want to skip it , a desolator is pretty devastating as your ultimate is physical . 
  hell no, 
  illusions can crit so it 's not useless . 
  10 second cd iceblast . 
  us doto in a nutshell , or worldwide doto in a nutshell . 
  so that you do n't mindlessly lose it and buy it billions of times or that the whole team can have truesight . 
  depends on the isp but russians definitely got me to play on us , too bad south americans are their cancer . 
  he shits fire on any comment that is n't his liking on his content so this is no surprise . 
  he got an item when the situation called for it . 
  it 's a core item !!!!!!!!, 
  it 's still shit on bounty and will be . 
  okay xxxscrubdestroyer420xxx, 
  less hate would make your comment less repulsive . 
  riot , thank riot for being horrible overall . 
  i started to mute my team totally in dota 2 because they would n't shut up . 
  i started to enjoy the game . 
  bet it works in lol too . 
  where is refresher ? 
  0/10 would not ball out of control, 
  more juggernaut masks !, 
  i think he 's bored of that . 
  i was referring to the dick sucking part . 
  have you had any experience with poles during the war ? 
  you can permacoldsnap him now with his increased casting animation pretty early . 
  you play sd to play variety of heroes , not to fucking play heroes you have no idea that they existed and instalocking them . 
  his blink animation is 0.4 . 
  see when the cd on cold snap is low enough and he ca n't do shit . 
  i guess because it triggers when sk dies and at that point doom has no longer a valid target so it runs out . 
  it 's hp removal , it is n't dmg . 
  alt + hotkey on default . 
  i once went bloodstone on pugna . 
  it was useless after 5 mins so i sold it and got a sheep . 
  finally i found intelligence . 
  faith in humanity restored . 
  she is in cm in dota 1 . 
  she is rarely banned . 
  all i 'm saying after 3 more stacks you have too much mana i 'll rather get euls or go sheep and be useful than having a full mana pool all the time . 
  that 's because you have to turn your hero to blink and you ca n't do it while hooking so i see no reason for this to be an issue . 
  do you even play dota 2 ? 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  penis , dick , dick , penis , rape , penis . 
  tutorial is coming next patch i believe . 
  do n't be afraid to try new and weird itembuilds . 
  omg riot so creative porting bottle from dota and shit . 
  lol master race, 
  next level item progression . 
  maybe because you call them moba games ? 
  start from stopping calling it moba . 
  playing with bots is really chill though . 
  arts or dota-games . 
  moba is a term that can be applied to any game . 
  so is cod or planetside . 
  if you have trouble with winning 5v2 for 30 minutes , it 's not the games fault, 
  why not both ? 
  make 1k accounts, 
  if you get russians/south-americans , pick a snowball hero and make the best out of it . 
  it 's assfaggots, 
  because he is full of bullshit already !, 
  now kiss, 
  typing = / = contribution, 
  i love satanic on sand king . 
  after my 2 rapiers ofc . 
  cockney , meat , i mean mate . 
  did that pro draw penises on the mini map ? 
  he is too nice . 
  it 's doombringer behind that face waiting for the moment to claim the mortal world . 
  tell me about how most cis players do n't fuck my mom twice a minute . 
  edit : i mean slavic countries and countries that use cyrillic . 
  i ~ ~ think white ~ ~ know that violet is is hottest because i do n't make retarded statements at all , but blue is warmer than red . 
  i think that 's because they do n't speak english . 
  it does n't help either . 
  he soloed offlane i think . 
  relevant . 
  i was referring to the fact that they wo n't spew shit if they ca n't speak the language . 
  griefing is something else, 
  majority american ? 
  daaamn you 're lucky . 
  at most i find max 2 people that can english on each team on us . 
  i would never , never do something like that . 
  if i get mad i get mad , mute people and play . 
  i have never intentionally afked or griefed in my 800 games and never would do so by only being mad . 
  trash talk while not nice , is somewhat acceptable , this is not . 
  that being said , it 's not yet able to educate new players without forcing them to put an effort to find information outside of the game . 
  he would put a dildo in his ass if dendi told him to do so . 
  a greevil egg . 
  got ta love how everyone talks down on the all chatter . 
  when you get a guy that runs into their fountain just because he did n't get mid and you as a teammate ask if the enemy would report him and explain why , it 's not fucking funny to get '' lololo ur the feeder stfu stop talking to us '' . 
  rather pathetic to see how acceptable is it to talk about people who use all chat compared to russian or brazilian player base discussion . 
  they say that you are the problem afterwards and not the 0/10 riki rushing dagon while insulting everyone . 
  aka eu or rus servers . 
  actually mm is n't even decent at high level , it 's a stomp most of the time one way or the other . 
  tell that to riot . 
  response : burden of knowledge and antifun bullshit .
