  debuff applies before the dmg . 
  the only items skeleton king needs is an armlet , refresher and maybe a rapier . 
  deso is for pussies, 
  while not new it is the most noticable of them all . 
  only sven, 
  nice try but ice wall already slows for over 100 % . 
  so many tears in these treads , mostly comments . 
  no offence to op . 
  people pick shit heroes against drow and cry when she kites them to death . 
  i think her aura needs a total new rework or maybe made into another active skill since it 's simply boring , maybe like a nuke that scales with agi or damage or something like that . 
  match id or it didnt happen, 
  if not underpowered . 
  i think last word lasts too long before activating to be useful in fights and whatnot . 
  actually they put him mid to deal with ta without taking severe harass . 
  best trolling skill in the game . 
  ca n't count how many ulties i baited on it . 
  why would you even skill it high early ? 
  sure it happens , in the lower brackets . 
  yea , i mean extra 8 damage is waaaaaay better than a 60 % slow orb , silly me . 
  i 've heard that changing the internet speed in steam solves this . 
  gambs obviously states that % based skills should be leveled to the max early for most support for your team !, 
  gon na max e venge next game !, 
  troll detected . 
  shhh ... 
  speak of the devil and he shall appear . 
  armlet and refresher before i 'm ballin ' out of control !, 
  please do n't call dota a moba . 
  they do n't even need to make money from dota 2 , they have shitloads of money from selling games on steam , if anything they are promoting steam by making dota 2 . 
  no they ca n't , however they can manually orbwalk through their own ghost form since it counts as a spell . 
  you need to get in higher brackets then . 
  your nickname suggests something to the op . 
  intended ? 
  because it 's cool to know everything about one hero from overbiased statements from the qq threads from the dota community . 
  baby do n't hurt me !, 
  pretty good idea , but what chests would they come from ? 
  whenever the enemy picks pudge i pick od and proceed to stomp the meatsack when he does n't even have enough max mana for a hook . 
  ward his jungle, 
  he is pretty shit in pubs . 
  no hp and armor makes him die in 2 hits + he needs farm . 
  which pubs obviously suck at . 
  i rank him as # 2 worst hardcarry in the game after spectre . 
  press the hack button on your keyboard . 
  emmm , it will just cancel it ? 
  just whenever i play him and get 600 gpm , does n't matter because they 'll kill me in 4 secs anyways in fights . 
  as void i can atleast kill 3 guys in the fight . 
  what is your steam ? 
  sennheiser master race reporting in . 
  i am not an audiophile , but i like have a pair of headphones that are able to show me the source of the sounds without being made of gold . 
  no thanks . 
  i got my bastion randomly by buying humble indie bundle v , was most interested in amnesia and then when i launched it boooooooooom omfg i came . 
  read somewhere that it 's the bfury for void . 
  no confirmation though . 
  echo slam is instant , fissure has a long cast time . 
  by your logic sniper should be imba too since he has huge range and a great amove skills and should require 0 skill . 
  not really because if you want to convert keys to money it goes 1.8-2 usd for a key . 
  most built-in mics suck donkey balls or/and are overbiased . 
  you do n't need '' pro gaming na'vi custom microphone ensures you will be heard by your team in full 7.1 when you call them retards '' mics . 
  silencer used his ult . 
  yea downvote the guy when he is right . 
  because you ca n't !, 
  science !, 
  purge fails at obvious stuff all the time in practice that it makes my head hurt when i yell at the screen . 
  he knows his shit but he is distracted all the time . 
  he is bad at multitasking . 
  get a good headset from a company that knows their shit like sennheiser . 
  if you are bothered by deskopt mics , get a mic that you strap on the cord from the headphones . 
  a zalman is a classic . 
  it should suffice . 
  * thee not three, 
  all bundles . 
  woot , did n't knew . 
  always wondered how to trigger active spell quotes . 
  i do n't know why people get frustrated so much . 
  i get a bit mad but then i remember that people may have just saved you a game where they would afk and you would lose because they had to do something . 
  i say 4 keys . 
  do n't forget sf or pudge . 
  lol , how does it feel to be in a pocket between worlds purple monkey ? 
  actually racism can be connected to nationality aswell , learned that in school a month ago . 
  he is way better in lane . 
  he has a slow , magic immunity and % based dmg steroid , why would you waste all that on jungle creeps ? 
  any hero can jungle safely with good warding . 
  who needs escapes when you are the one getting kills ? 
  yea because being melee = a bad laning carry . 
  in that case you throw a hero that can farm fast and is n't a 1 hero . 
  wikipedia supports my claim but what you said is probably more accurate and not wrong by any means . 
  but ... 
  but lifesteal !, 
  basic math should be known by everyone . 
  russian logic comrade !, 
  5 seconds actually . 
  that 's like saying a person from china is the same as one from japan . 
  fuck logic . 
  i would definitely skill spell shield to the max if i was against a hero that spams magic dmg . 
  it 's situational , like all skillbuilds . 
  agree . 
  after i started playing dota after years of lol i performed worse in lol due to different mechanics . 
  actually they prerecorded lines on missing heroes and game modes at the time of recording . 
  a brazilian talking about skill . 
  oxymoron my gents . 
  nice try s2 employee .
