  if the source of the suppression is n't able to fire at the supressed units , they should lose all suppression almost immediately, 
  no , they only shoot what 's inside the circle, 
  map painter simulator with custom names on colors, 
  when it 's reloading in still in a position that is '' able '' to fire at the squad , so that 's not what i 'm proposing, 
  several year old bug , but who cares about that stuff, 
  okw is a blast when all you do is try to get your tanks to vet 5, 
  all we need is an ingame mute option . 
  it 's funny that it has 0 scatter while having the longest range, 
  your aa halftrack has no excuse if it dies to infantry at , it has more range and suppresses , just at guns and tanks give it trouble, 
  does n't feel right that it 's always 70 % axis searching too, 
  ebin :d, 
  wonder what made him spam bars instead of upgraded paras, 
  this site only lists 1 value of penetration , while coh2-stats lists 3 , which one is right ? 
  i have mine . 
  did you get the gold medal ? 
  or just play on easy and save req points ? 
  any release date for pc ? 
  the units in the video are pretty likely to be what you will be getting with it , but i agree, 
  small maps often have terrain that will block a lot of shots, 
  any expansions also on sale ? 
  yes, 
  sir it 's him, 
  e8 are garbage vs infantry and cost more than a jackson , if anything they are good as a punching bag lategame, 
  just compare the gun data , they have too low accuracy compared to the splash damage fall off to be effective for their cost vs infantry . 
  they 're not horrible , but not something you should go for when you want ai not to mention their penetration is not that great when it comes to dealing with axis heavy armor . 
  after the change to it not being a call in , there is literally no reason to get e8 before a normal sherman unless they already have tanks out , in which case you are pretty fucked regardless and might aswell get a cheaper jackson, 
  '' do n't fight a battle if you do n't gain anything by winning . '', 
  the closest thing i got, 
  it has a turret, 
  and what about . 
  atleast not having 0 scatter, 
  thought it was isu , my bad, 
  dat cost reduction , still needs more to make the changed e8 practical, 
  how does it matter when everyone dies, 
  just make it not 100 % accurate and that 's a start, 
  no they are n't , i 'm pretty sure the pineapple nade has around 2 scatter and scatter angle , but i do n't remember other nades , except ofc orbital strike, 
  why would you ever take an e8 as your first tank after a major ? 
  too slow veterancy gain, 
  then what tank is it supposed to be , it is not good vs panthers and tigers nor is it good enough against infantry to get it early . 
  if you want something vs a stug or a p4 an at gun and a normal sherman will do for less fuel . 
  even zookas are decent enough for those, 
  fucking sven scripters always landing their stun, 
  but riflemen best infantry !!, 
  does extreme candy war count ? 
  [ yes !, 
  waited so long ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvdf5n-zi14 ), 
  not only that but it made searching for stars way easier as you moved faster, 
  lt is dead , no reason to get him, 
  captain -  pack howis/stuart is the new m20 . 
  how nice that now we get only 1 viable path just like before . 
  such variety, 
  anyone had a different experience ? 
  here 's the thread :, 
  might add that i watched his vods and he used the same commander and build every game , so even if it works , axis knows exactly what 's coming, 
  let 's not act like the jackson is the ultimate at , it will only kill tanks if it goes sudoku , because there 's always a pak wall behind enemy tanks and there 's the jp4 and stug for other factions that can be arguably stronger in some scenarios, 
  dont play usf, 
  dozer sucks because it comes in too late and does nothing vs armored vehicles unlike the brummbar . 
  if it hits, 
  upvote so he can get more karma to spend, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/kubelecer, 
  yes but you do n't always have time to spend 100 % of your micro on a tank, 
  i found airborne to be the worst as the only thing that i bothered to use were the paratroopers since the strafes were pretty slow . 
  2toxic pls stop with the burden of knowledge, 
  only viable as a cheese vs okw since no faust and volks ' dps will allow the jeep to just drive wherever it wants , just dont get close to sturms, 
  you would n't want to make your head explode from all this burden of knowledge would you, 
  looks like scout car main gun destroyed rampage and quad is a feature now, 
  what is going on , what 's the bug . 
  i ca n't really see anything special, 
  thanks , now i see it, 
  aa halftrack beats most if not all light vehicles , including puma, 
  it 's like a slower advancing stuka barrage, 
  yes, 
  7,2-8 ,2 seconds for 3 puma shots with 2 reloads to kill a halftrack vs 1 mag of aa 37mm fire . 
  i like how i get lel u so bad instead of actual data, 
  yeah it is n't a counter but saying it has no chance is stupid, 
  tell that to top players who say the same, 
  it does n't lose hard , it wo n't win a 1v1 every time but it can always stun the puma and run away , also okw has no fausts on volks so only mines can snare it, 
  this is so fucking stupid there is nothing to comment hahahahaaaaaaa, 
  mcdonalds   everything, 
  that 's racist, 
  savage, 
  that 's why axis has 100 % winrate right ? 
  airborne is meh this patch, 
  seems like a hots brigade because every hots is le best most fun m0b @ post is posted with a user with no flair, 
  inb4 crit items removed and bonus damage each xth attack, 
  sturms will destroy the jeep faster than you can say blob , any unit in front of the kubel will make sure the jeep cant just drive up to it , not to mention that the kubel itself can do a lot of damage to the wc51, 
  you use them for getting green cover , if you manually place them next to eachother you can make it so there is no space between so the whole squad gets cover . 
  if you are bored you can just block off paths that you wo n't use but the enemy can , but there is not very often you have the opportunity to be strategic with tank traps since usf needs all the firepower they can get , especially with the re bar meta, 
  i 've never seen more than one kt from a player , but my experience each time in bigger games is that the axis just drives in with 8 medium vehicles and kills everything after securing all important points with hmgs, 
  you get 3 m10s for the fuel price of a jackson + major . 
  the problem with usf is that they have no way to finish off damaged vehicles without any crits , and even with engine damage axis tanks can sometimes get out , so that 's why you just swarm the enemy with cheap m10s , not to mention they have solid ai capability by crushing . 
   they are m10s - fast and cheap , but brittle and with weak penetration . 
  m10s have more hp than a jackson , and armor is meaningless since no axis at has trouble penetrating usf tanks except maybe e8 and pen goes out the window when you have 3 m10s pounding the rear armor of a tiger . 
  they are not always a good choice though , they can be bad on small maps with chokepoints since they are not dangerous to the front armor of most if not all axis tanks, 
  i would n't say it is better , it 's just that everything else got worse . 
  at guns are now stock units since captain is always better and pack can deal with heavy blobbing , so airborne is no longer a must for an at gun . 
  since you now are more encouraged to buy bars and zookas , you have way less spare ammunition for paratrooper weapons and the p47s . 
  again , major benefits of the commander are not useful anymore . 
  e8 is not a call in so you now have the same '' problem '' of needing the expensive major first . 
  mech is garbage and recon is mostly team game commander , so we are left with infantry and armor , which i personally have seen to become more popular than before .
