  mage, 
  ( frost ) intellect has been reduced by 10 %, 
  monk, 
  ( windwalker ) agility has been reduced by 10 % . 
  ( windwalker ) serenity now increases damage by 25 % with the spiritual focus artifact trait ( was +30 % ) . 
  shaman, 
  lava burst now deals full damage in pvp ( was doing 80 % of normal damage ) . 
  ( elemental ) control of lava increases lava burst damage by 100 % ( was 150 % ) . 
  warrior, 
  hamstring damage has been increased considerably , and now lasts for 12 seconds in pvp . 
  ( arms ) strength and stamina increased by 10 % . 
  ( fury ) strength and stamina increased by 10 % . 
  ( destruction ) entrenched in flame duration reduced to 3 seconds ( was 4 seconds ) . 
  ( destruction ) focused chaos now increases chaos bolt damage by an additional 100 % ( was 150 % ) . 
  ( destruction ) shadowburn now deals 20 % less damage in pvp . 
  the pet pull is shit anyway . 
  the pet runs before casting it, 
  the changes as a whole are pants on head retarded . 
  it 's like they are limited to changing 2 int values per class in the template, 
  i 've heard the drop rate is very high if you have the rep, 
  give me my fucking scourgelord blue boots blizzard, 
  someone corpse exploded him boys . 
  there is nothing more we can do, 
  you 're gon na tell me pillar of frost and gargoyle is n't utility ??? 
  go play battlerite , its ' predecessor was made to be like wow arena , so i 'd assume the new clone is supposed to be aswell . 
  what 's also sad that it 's in norwegian middle school history books passed as a fact . 
  disappears when touching a wall, 
   beyond that , you can submit an application for manual approval by making a case that the game was defective or misleading . 
  not a chance if it 's not nms . 
  it 's insane how the root is longer that the spell block and the fact that it roots without spell blocking, 
  seeker 's abilities were pretty different , just because he has a bow does n't make them the same . 
  everyone 's did, 
  pitbull4 can be heavily customized, 
  only frost has it now, 
  you 'd think after a decade blizzard would be competent in balancing, 
  no , eat your shit sandwich and do n't complain , because you do n't know better . 
  all hail our blizzard overlords !, 
  what a cute snoop pupper, 
  this is a dank meme, 
  also it does n't give you anything when you use shield, 
  smash dat mfing m1 button fam, 
  you are right . 
  my bad, 
  to be honest i used the perspective from the games since this is hs , in which case the person who pressed the stop time button would get priority but i 'm not 100 % sure, 
  tfw u get the s u c c, 
  the goal started at 20k a while ago , it 's constantly getting raised . 
  i have no 100 % proof that it 's legit tho , but seems like it . 
  that passive is complete garbage and i would love to have something meaningful instead, 
  competetive integrity, 
  people fap furiously to mk being op , easily forgetting the cancer that earth spirit was for months when he got released . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to describe how stupid he was . 
  put rock -  pull -  dead, 
  i remember arc warden being in his own tier on release aswell , but i did n't play as much then, 
  yeah , the stun on his ult was quite the balance, 
  in cata you had generic buffs and a few classes having them . 
  the rarest one was 10 % spell power only provided by demo locks and ele shams , although 6 % spell power was otherwise common . 
  it was also fairly easy to get missing buffs via a hunter pet . 
  when i was in the trench i tried escaping russians , it was fine and actually fun hearing people using voice until i started meeting peruvians , then i accepted my fate and went back . 
  i 'd take ruskis any day . 
  frost dk gave physical haste and 4 % increased physical damage , both of which hunter can give . 
  i think raptor gave 4 % physical and survival tree haste . 
  in cata ele shaman gave 10 % spell power as long as he had a fire totem out . 
  are you saying he never put down a fire totem ? 
  it forced diversity , when even subpar dps classes were usable because of their buffs but from my experience it was nowhere `` fucking over 10m '' . 
  shaman had windfury totem for 10 % haste . 
  the wehrmacht was just following orders !, 
  i was being sarcastic in tone of a lot of comments here that would imply germany did nothing wrong , and if they did allies did worse things and everything bad about germany is `` victor '' propaganda , although i appreciate your detailed comment . 
  fucking mr tryhard over here , actually trying to win a game, 
  i would like to know as well . 
  played since kog release and took a long break recently and inting was never a word while i played, 
  you can cross the atlantic ocean by swimming . 
  it 's free !, 
  why would you pay for a flight lmao, 
   relatedly : heroes of the storm vs honest review scores . 
  this is so funny and sad at the same time . 
  it 's like you admit to being a deluded peasant because somehow bad reviews about the best game ever ( the one you play ) make you upset . 
  ign of all places , which by my small knowledge , has a bad opinion about their game reviews . 
  not free . 
  around 80 dollars per semester, 
  2 , w still works, 
  you can always flash yourself, 
  vault of archavon in wintergrasp , and baradin hold in tol barad in cata, 
  thanks, 
   furion can you tp top, 
  yes , fountain hook was literally the meta back then , so broken . 
  i was sarcastic, 
  i personally get a panic attack when there is no carrot in pvp . 
  how can people play for fun and not the waste of time that is grinding for equipment just to be at an even playing field, 
  they play on tablets, 
  yeah it was an imba game with his subs, 
  new update bug, 
   should of, 
  that 's why you go ap malphite so there 's nothing to waddle away from, 
  le entitled free to play meme xd, 
  because riot is an indie basement company that ca n't afford such things . 
  now let 's talk about the xth ryze rework, 
  you entitled pleb !, 
  the company knows what 's best, 
  razor renamed to corrupted disciple, 
  it hacks your ip address,
