  currently i got an i5 750 with a p7p55d le motherboard , 12 gb ram and from what i 've read , i am considering an asus strix 970 gtx , corsair cs550 psu and a cooler master 212 evo fan to overclock my i5 from bottlenecking this card , however i play mostly low demanding games like cs : go or dota 2 and wonder if this is overkill as the only game i 'm looking to be possibly bothered by is witcher 3 . 
  any opinions ? 
  i do n't have tons of money but i 'm willing to invest into parts that will stay relevant for a few years . 
  csgo is a '' moba '', 
  i know it was in bf2 , but that 's not really new, 
  thanks !, 
  so i am leaning towards the 970 , will the cs550 psu be enough if i 'm planning on overclocking my i5 750 ? 
  also is the performance drop from putting a pci-e 3 . card into a pci-e 2 . slot significant as my mobo has the latter ? 
  hey hey hey , shhhhh . 
  here , take these colorful knives, 
  funny cat videos and headshots with the scout, 
  it 's 1f so grind it , i would suggest doing cr.lp instead as you do n't lose so much damage while you learn that 1f . 
  everything you ca n't do from a mechanical standpoint can be grinded in training mode . 
  can you dash reliably ? 
  can you do fadc reliably ? 
  can you do your motions reliably ? 
  can you plink ? 
  can you do combos ? 
  do you know the distance of your/enemies ' attacks ? 
  you have a lot of things you can do in training mode then, 
  i am blue, 
  yeah fuck you poland and your death camps, 
  nice b8 m8, 
  b-but muh numbers ... 
  how is the riot dick tasting, 
  you make it sound like it 's some sjc shit, 
  do n't you know people in ~ ~ poland ~ ~ west ussr ride horses to work because they need to save their shoe soles since they make 1 money/hour ? 
  3k button, 
   5 impacks, 
   one implant pack contains 5 random implants allowing to improve characterstics of mech-agents . 
  impacks will be available on a release date . 
  uh-oh , had hopes for this game and now they 're gone if they plan on some stat boosting p2w shit . 
  it 's chi without i , easy, 
  height restrictions, 
  wish it was, 
  why does the space man never run out of ammo ? 
  i 'm waiting, 
  does n't those leagues use the `` official '' settings too ? 
  matchmaking has 45 seconds on the defuse and a longer game time i thought, 
  i 'm pretty sure the faggot who picks kebab or bbb will get coalitions instantly from others , atleast i hope so, 
  pulse ? 
  where do i remember this scenario from ... 
  you pick someone else , bison and chun shit on him incredibly hard . 
  i would try to spot the enemy habits and focus if you see something you can use against her , and once you get a kd you should always keep up the pressure at least in form of a safejump or a crossup . 
  if she has u1 stocked do n't even try to fireball , which is why this matchup sucks so hard . 
  you need to see when she loses charge and then try to push her to the corner or just add pressure . 
  i think the biggest deal is realizing when she has charge and ca n't fireball you so you can push her to the corner . 
  you are missing out, 
  this happens to everyone all the time , you people just dont realize it, 
  yeah , fuck them for choosing the inferior ethnicity, 
  too toxic and antifun, 
  thanks riot , now i can finally play the real game of no damage dealing tank with no mobility , just like the game should be played . 
  buying all the current heroes and the future ones for a reasonable 1 time payment . 
  well , just because something is super rare does n't mean you should keep it if you do n't like it . 
  lucky guys, 
  he is n't hacking because he is not banned !!, 
  can jet fuel melt one tree ? 
  so make other parts of his kit weaker ? 
  shit tier shitpost, 
  i thought it was the jungler box, 
  yea , because comparing the popularity of a game to its quality was so much better, 
  but how would they fight ? 
  where is the 7k-8k option ? 
  sf lacks any solid ingame tutorials , we would just watch destiny watch youtube 30 min long tutorials for everything . 
  sf is incredibly hard to get into , i would suggest atleast doing skullgirls ' tutorial if he wants to learn anything, 
  norway is n't tired of any immigrants yet , unless it 's oslo, 
  immigrant = / = muslim , i was more referring on eastern euros and other scandis , but i read big cities are plagued by asylum seekers, 
  '' shifting meta '' does n't excuse the horrible balancing, 
  this ^ xddd, 
  yeah , let 's make him into a generic mage with mobility . 
  wow , that is sick slardar fanart , i think it is from aeon of strife, 
  it 's not p2w because terran is all you need in that game . 
   norway, 
   \\ #romania group, 
  u 8 the b8, 
  yeah , it 's the fault of the '' surface manager '' . 
  after i turned it to default again , i 've never had that problem again . 
  logic is n't welcome here . 
  take your toxic antifun somewhere else, 
  any links ? 
  so that you can see what some retard wrote before he got banned when you missed it, 
  but muh anti fun and burden of knowledge, 
  rip blc, 
  25 * legitimacy, 
  high tradition does n't guarantee good generals but drastically improves the chances of getting one . 
  a 3 star general can win you so many wars even when you are at a disadvantage it 's not even funny . 
  also ships can be important dependant on your location . 
  blocking provinces steals their money and adds more monthly war exhaustion, 
  looks like it 's the axe kick though, 
  honestly , i would suggest oni because his range game is so garbage it just forces you to make a move . 
  they watch . 
  they will come when the time is right, 
  is grey and grey, 
  i wonder why, 
  they do n't have many different arguments, 
  yeah , it 's not like you get free stats worth of 1k gold at the start just for spending overinflated currency ingame, 
  le troled, 
  make a reddit post, 
  reap karma and knights for your cause, 
  defeat the evil capitalist beast,
