  b/o 10 keys, 
  as the title . 
  i am really bothered that if someone leaves and ca n't come back , the gold still sits on their account and i ** guess ** it gets shared after 5 minutes . 
  i have had moments where someone left and i would win with his gold , why is in in their pocket when they ca n't come back ? 
  any thoughts ? 
  i have recently gotten back to starcraft and got myself a hots expansion , now fellow protoss i need advice as i am lost . 
  i have no idea what new units are doing , if they are even good or what is the '' meta '' since singleplayer is n't covering that . 
  i would like to ask you what 's '' new '' , how the game is now played and some general build orders as i am quite rusty . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  what 's your favorite camo ? 
  i really like the retribution elite even though you ca n't get it anymore . 
  the lack of black/blue camos is kinda sad since the brown/blue combination is pretty bad . 
  i 'm sticking to ocean fury and i am kinda leaning towards getting zen and a camo, 
  i really want to get it , although the price is fine it 's odd that it 's the only tactical without a perm price . 
  personally i think with the right brain , this is the best tactical in the game . 
  i just spilled watermelon juice over my lovely filco majestouch 2 and luckily no big harm was done , however three keys have been effected and somehow a day later they were unbelievably slow to go down and up and no click noises were to be heard . 
  i am about to put some wd-40 into the switches to hopefully lubricate them , is it a good idea or do you have some suggestions ? 
  offtopic : after i got my keyboard a year before i was fiddling with it and got a keycap off , as i was putting it back on i accidentally used a lot of force and the key now feels quieter and softer than all the other keys , any ideas about what happened and if it can be fixed aswell ? 
  thanks in advance, 
  what you think and what themed hud would you maybe like ? 
  i like frozen touch , deepest depths and tempest wing, 
  i would really like an od hud though . 
  spikes and dcs all the time , console says :, 
  receiving uncompressed update from server, 
  i 'm fucking sick of playing 2 +2 +1 or 4 +1 vs 5man . 
  the solo ranked rating is just determined by how good 5man stacks you will play against . 
  hi , i 'm 17 years old and after i found out i could do something while i 'm at home since i do n't go out often , i bought a bench and a barbell and started to train with aims to atleast lift my own bodyweight in most excercises, 
  i 've read a bit before doing it and i decided to gain as much muscle as i feel comfortable having , and after that point cutting my fat percent to a reasonable level . 
  right now i am 70 kgs/155 lbs and 180 cm ( 5 ' 11 ? ), 
  and i 've recently readjusted my weights since i did 20 kgs for 5 weeks like a retard on everything and i realized i could bench and squat a more . 
  so right now i do this :, 
  3 days a week . 
  with some ab training between and i plan on cardio once i am able to . 
  i start with 2 work sets x 8 reps each cycle and increase reps by 1 each week, 
  with 10 % and 20 % reduced work weight after the first work out each week, 
  squats with 1 set 25 % warmup and another 50 % warmup, 
  bench with warmup as above 35kg/77lbs, 
  barbell bent over rows with warmup 35kg/77lbs, 
  stiff-legged deadlifts 40 kg/88lbs, 
  i feel like i can do more weight on some excercises but i want to wait to the end of the cycle to do anything . 
  once i hit over 62 kgs/132 lbs i think i will start going to the gym as this is how much weight i have maximum right now . 
  on other days i do like 3x12 + - leg lifts ,3 x24 bicycle crunches and 3x plank for as much as i can . 
  i want to add cardio as soon as it 's possible on these days, 
  i also am planning on buying creatine and possibly some protein shake powder . 
  i did gain muscle after those first 5 weeks , i do n't know if much but i got some lines now which i did n't have , but, 
  i am kind of ashamed of myself for not actually forcing myself to regulate what i eat , but i pretty much eat a lot of meat/fish with potatoes/groat and vegetables each day since i am not oficially lactose intolerant , but i get some supposed allergy reactions from milk and eggs , i try to stay away from it and if i really want something that requires it , i use coconut milk instead . 
  i wonder how can i measure how much protein/carb/fat i eat without weighing each thing i eat or if those internet calculators where you search after something and put it in portions is precise enough ? 
  i also wonder if this is a good routine as i aimed to do excercies that could be done with the help of a barbell and a bench , if there is something i 'm missing here that could be added or how can i see if i made good or bad progress . 
  i 've bought ssf4 about 3 months ago , and made me really enjoy it to such a degree , that i ordered a stick for it . 
  i 've watched all vesper 's tutorials and other basic guides . 
  i am afraid that i may damage my stick when i smash it against the gate while doing ultra/super motions , am i paranoid and it 's sturdy enough to withstand this ? 
  i own a qanba q4 raf, 
  right now i want to learn oni as he has the most badass ultra cinematic in the game ( u2 ) , electro fireballs and he is the only true blue character . 
  i wonder , when the enemy does an ultra , and the startup cinematic shows up , when am i supposed to buffer the counter move/ultra and execute it to counter his ultra ? 
  i 've not tried properly since i have no idea when to do it , but if i knew it would save my ass a couple of times . 
  since oni has just recently started to get more popular , i 've had mediocre success finding help/combos for him . 
  right now i try to learn from this :, 
  1 . http://forums.eventhubs.com/viewtopic.php?f=42&t=7073, 
  2 . http://dreamking23.tumblr.com/post/15251367646/onicomboguidept1, 
  i have not tried serious online play , i 've won 1 ranked so far , but i want to focus on what to do . 
  my play time consists mostly of training mode with mashing the same combos repeatedly . 
  i 've never hit confirmed so far and i wish i could . 
  i wonder if this is a good start :, 
  i want to pick a combo for crouching , standing and blocking opponent that i can do from 2 jabs or cr.lk , cr.lp to learn myself to hit confirm with a dummy set on random block . 
  i can p-link about 90 % of the time , i can do most moves when i want to , so i regularly practice those , but i just do n't know what to do right now . 
  i would appreciate some guidelines as to get a stable base of fundamentals and open myself for progression . 
  i just played an arena and the enemy shaman just attacked several times in a row and did over 25 damage turn 5 . 
  the game said your turn and he attacked me , after that it showed my turn again and he attacked me again , played more minions and did it over again 3 times , until i managed to get my turn with 3 life left . 
  i managed to get some screens , but i was shocked as fuck . 
  hello . 
  i have a filco as in my flair , which is fairly old and has survived its `` accidents '' , and now i stand between buying a pair of new switches ^ ^ ^ ( again ) for it or getting a completely new keyboard . 
  i need advice or answers to as why is it so costly compared to other keyboards ? 
  since it 's so expensive i have some thought of just keeping it and repairing it whenever possible , but i wonder if i 'm just biased by the maker , and the piece is past its glory days . 
  thanks in advance, 
  as in the title , right now there is a voice in me that tells me i want and need the ducky shine 3 with green switches , with my filco working but not in perfect shape i am wondering what to do , however it is no cheap thing and as a bonus i have to pay 25 % tax + fees on anything i buy from outside the country . 
  so i ask you , since i read a lot of people here own multiple keyboards . 
  what made you decide to get more keyboards ? 
  hello . 
  sorry in advance if this is a wrong subreddit . 
  as a school project i carved out a self designed knife handle and glued a knife blade into it . 
  i did n't get finished with it before my last year ended and i wish to finish it now . 
  the last thing i did with it was a lot of sanding then it was painted black , and the only problem is now that the paint transfers on everything the handle touches . 
  i vaguely remember that we were supposed to oil it after that , but i 'm not sure . 
  can anyone help ? 
  hey , am just wondering if you can still upgrade your account to titan, 
  title , i press the button , but my friends still tell me they ca n't board the ship when it 's on a water area , nor can they attach to it when it is docked . 
  it worked once , but never since . 
  is it just me or are there some other things i need to do ? 
   to be honest , when i started playing lol the system of free to play heroes + unlocking new ones was really exciting . 
  you would usually see free to play champions in your games and you would have a chance of knowing what they do because you would play versus them repeadeately and you could play them yourself . 
  and then you could spend your work on unlocking new champions . 
   when i started playing dota i got completely overwhelmed by the amount of heroes and since there were different heroes in every game i had almost no chance to learn what they can do . 
  quote from a recent lop thread about the 1 million ip you need to even have '' everything '' in the game . 
  how do these people function in real life, 
   i had the same problem with dota 2 . 
  i barely felt like i had time to choose between all the champions in the select screen , let alone read up on what was/wasn ' t strong about it !, 
  but of course , there are positive and negative sides to both setups . 
  i do n't even, 
  ever *, 
  this is taken from a streetfighter group chat .
