  a panther is handy for chasing the churchill and killing it , but alone it wo n't kill a churchill, 
  special has a croc at the and and broken railway you can call in fog . 
  sextons and valentine are worthless, 
  engineers got everything nerfed so it is non existant right now, 
  riflemen field defenses : riflemen are trained to build fighting positions , lay sandbags for cover and plan mines . 
  off map smoke barrage : saturate target area with smoke m89 shells to disrupt sight-lines . 
  rangers : ranger 's are highly trained elite unit that specializes in frontal assault . 
  highly durable and can be equipped with thompson machine guns . 
  combined arms : nearby infantry and vehicles coordinate to improve the effectiveness of one another . 
  m26 pershing heavy tank : the m26 pershing can be deployed to the battlefield . 
  this unit is effective against all targets . 
  nothing else interesting really , tomorrow this commander will be on relic stream with more detailed info, 
  what do you study ? 
  i 'm not going to say you bought the wrong thing , but i love my surface for robotics/nanoelectronics . 
  windows does n't make ssds slow down . 
  all i need to be ready to work is flip the cover and press a button , and i do n't see anyone struggle with their other laptops in my classes . 
  there are non mac options if you want light stuff . 
  i doubt they will have armor . 
  recieved accuracy most likely, 
  yeah those 3 models so scary, 
  if you click the building the sniper will attack the building not the units inside . 
  just amovehim or stop so he targets automatically, 
  again with angel and pak , it 's like they do it on purpose . 
  because different gamemodes do n't matter right . 
  that 's why okw is a top tier 1v1 faction, 
  combined arms seems broken . 
  i do n't know how much range it gives but a jackson with 70 range or even a sherman with extra range will make an usf force incredibly hard to stop midgame . 
  they move slower , get increased recieved accuracy , increased accuracy and longer burst when they stand still, 
  lmg paratroopers get a skill too , they slow and supress target squad while getting a dps boost . 
  running at high is not the same as getting 60 fps, 
  kubel can insta win you games vs usf on certain maps unless he gets jeeps, 
  yeah because the nade is global and kubel doesnt supress, 
  ask obama, 
  tards that do things, 
  90 octillion playurs best game even aliens play it, 
  i was quoting momo , so maybe you should tell him that he sucks, 
  im sure he has no experience as a top 10 1v1 player, 
  thanks obama, 
  you need to get the gold medal finish , best way is to play easy and save req points . 
  yes, 
   wehrmacht really needs a buff on their core infantry grens, 
  yes, 
  tell me how does wehr not stand a chance in late game, 
  is underperform until they get vet2/3 , then they get very good . 
  relic does n't ban bug abusers , why would they ban anyone for using celo, 
  build a sniper and if the m20 does n't kill him , most likely you will win the game due to manpower bleed he will cause . 
  you can also get 2 . 
  they have a top tier education system, 
  you have statistic about fanboys ? 
  i would sure like to see them before you make a claim like this, 
  mesmer will never be anything else than a walking portal it seems . 
  i 've taken a break for over a year and when i came back and try pvp i get permadazed by a guardian , or some other bullshit while all i can do is apply alacrity and block . 
  f5 and gravity well are pretty good , but i do n't feel it 's even remotely close to the benefits other classes get, 
  research aec if you dont want bofors, 
  you can use it as something to guard an important point that you ca n't always baby sit or just lock down some territory easier . 
  all tanks are good except valentine . 
  i would say firefly is the the tank that performs worst at its purpose for its cost for brits , but it 's good enough to be useful, 
  triple cap is worth more than you think . 
  thick but easy to penetrate [ ] ( / notears ), 
  i would also add some things do damage on deflection and maybe other effects such as stun . 
  tulips do 50 % damage on deflection afaik, 
  axis map . 
  almost no ways to effectively flank . 
  it 's too small for 2v2s, 
  rip, 
  yes, 
  did u kno dota ppl have top lvl earnings , yeee, 
  doesnt matter what you asked about, 
  but / u/ph3g0r has the right link, 
  tigers are balanced now , i ca n't see how they need anything, 
  the best ai mine is the s mine that wehr has and okw with fortifications commander . 
  best at mine is the m20 mine which will always immobilize , but i am pretty sure the elefant commander halftrack mine does that too . 
  tellers are the best at mine infantry can put down . 
  brit mines are tellers that do 50 % damage and i 'm pretty sure usf doctrinal mines are the same as brit ones , however they trigger on infantry, 
  these mines have 66 % chance of engine damage and 33 % of heavy engine damage . 
  some players use the m20 mine as the counter for the m20 counter , the 222 . 
  you can keep it around the mine and when the 222 starts to chase you can bait it to drive over the mine . 
  you 'd be seriously surprised how often mines will catch a vehicle even on a random place . 
  i 've put down maybe 4 m20 mines so far and each of them hit something . 
  2 of them were panthers and 1 was a 222 . 
  it 's a good habit to place some mines if you have spare ammunition that you have no use for right now . 
  ignore balance if you 're new . 
  the game is relatively ok and you can win as any faction . 
  personally i would avoid okw as they lack a hmg and in general are the weakest faction currently due to various factors . 
  in general you will rely heavily on team weapons and slowly securing territory as wehrmacht . 
  flanks can force everything you have to retreat , but if you are prepared you will force the enemy to retreat instead . 
  mg42 is the best hmg in the game and pak is the best at gun in the game , so do n't be afraid to get more than 1 . 
  2v2 is a mode i personally enjoy and am currently about rank 70 in random 2v2s as wehrmacht , so if you have any questions i 'd be happy to answer . 
  i would honestly suggest the bigger gamemodes for a start . 
  way less stressful and you can get a hang of the tech tree and the units more easily . 
  please tell me how many times will a squad survive when going across a soviet mine and an s minefield . 
  especially considering riflemen have no voiceline when they step into a mine ? 
  s mines are the best ai mines , period . 
  they can deny a whole point for a squad , or wipe for 15 munitions if you place them well . 
  they have the biggest practical aoe of all mines and can be customized to be more hidden or to deny large areas for infantry . 
  even top players lose squads to s mines . 
  do you check how much is a gift worth ? 
  so , you do ? 
  4 delivery, 
  yes,
