   let 's make a class that can be a ranged dps , melee dps , tank and a healer, 
   oh and also give them blink, 
  i agree . 
  rogue stopped making sense when they got recuperate in cata . 
  just salty dk has n't gotten anything so far, 
  what 's the gw 2 ui add on may i ask, 
  i love people circlejerking how sims are hitler but when the classes with shit dps in sims got buffed , everyone was fine with it, 
  you just spam what you can so frozen pulse is up, 
  stop being so entitled !, 
  what about being gated by class hall upgrades, 
  prolly just a hidden quest flag, 
  i started to get happy when it happened because it meant i got the achi, 
  more like by leaving racials broken for years so everyone serious about pvp swapped, 
  if frost is so bad in pvp , why was it almost in every team in the recent tourney ? 
  all frost gold traits are shit , hypothermia is weak , frozen soul is okay i guess on aoe , but weak on st , sindragosa on 5 min cd and the useless passive is a very valid thing to complain about, 
  there is fast travel to many hideouts across the city once you unlock it . 
  you can also do any dash without being even close, 
  and dps does n't scale with more units ? 
  cleave is a real thing, 
  do destro warlocks do 100k dps vs 1 target and 100k dps vs 2 targets ? 
  sorry i forgot literally every boss in the entire game is ursoc , and there are no adds , ever . 
  my bad, 
  from this thread , people who did n't even play the game , hate it the most . 
  i am really enjoying this game , trying to unlock all missions and collectibles now . 
  the game is very pretty and the running is fun, 
   your argument is that your damage scales with raid size . 
  link please , because it looks like you ca n't decipher what the word unit means, 
  so when one healer is better in aoe situations , that is literally in no way comparable to a dps class being better in aoe scenarios ? 
  i do n't know about the spirits , in the fdk artifact q you kill arthas ' soul, 
  yes , you go there when you start the shadowmourne chain to get the hammer, 
  he was a good boi, 
  time to corpse explode the ice cream, 
  holy shit there is something besides those loops, 
  i mean , when immunity lasts longer than the cd , it 's not good design, 
  i 'd like more a blue -  black transition . 
  edgy spooky magic, 
  yes , if a pole detects even a smidge of fear in your eyes , 10 `` patriots '' will jump out of a nearby bush and beat your ass . 
  does n't matter when or where . 
  they might have tested it , but could they even play the spec right is also a question i wonder about . 
  still fun to read the brewmaster blue post telling everyone how they `` play the spec right '', 
  yes , and they would have no excuse then, 
  that 's pretty obvious satire , come on, 
  that god damn nazi frog is at it again, 
  frost in pvp is trash because runeforges do n't work in instanced pvp, 
  did you get that from withered army chest after killing everything in it ? 
  you stacked mastery in cata, 
  literally spam pyroblast into combustion on alysrazor and pull 200k + dps, 
  look at dis dude , using sindragosa on 6 trash mobs and getting 1 + mill dps , dk is fine guys, 
  am i reading this right ? 
  so does frost , chill streak gets a big bounce and dmg reduction, 
  great , i hope it means now they can focus on balancing which they neglected all those years . 
  with rogues , they are the tankiest non-tank classes in the game . 
  that `` class fantasy '' does n't really apply, 
  i agree , those obli buffs seem significant , also the howling blast gets multiplied by rime which also only procs from obli . 
  if they changed mastery to do additional stuff like increase obliterate damage by x % or make obliterate do x % frost damage , frost dk would be in a way better place, 
  it 's a gigantic buff , you do n't have to take froscythe to keep runes down because you can just obli them away . 
  i do n't enjoy being made of paper, 
  since you obviously do n't play pvp , because you 'd actually notice that razorice never gets applied , feel free to follow this link http://lmgtfy.com/?q=razorice+in+pvp, 
  scythe has very little use on raid bosses and ra is a good talent, 
  wait as long as possible before using frost strike for the buff refresh . 
  get an addon that shows you how much is left so that you know if you can squeeze a gdc or not, 
  yes , who in their right mind would n't enjoy doing the same raid 50 times but looting different quest items each two weeks, 
  because if you farm something now , you have to roll the dice on the item to drop , and then on the item having better ilvl, 
  achievements !, 
   kommandant vi hav destroyed zhe enemi tank , and vi ar hidden . 
   hans , forward to glory . 
   but dey do n't know vhere vi ar , ant it 's hard to shut vhile moving, 
   hans , i ghav you order, 
  no u, 
  well , all casters use melee weapons :\\ ^ ), 
  pots sell for a fuck ton so i 'd say alchemy or herbalism or both, 
  just cc my shit up fam, 
  it does n't matter , dala portal and you got a mailbox next to you in 10 seconds, 
  is there any info if this is intended ? 
  we could n't handle more than 9 deck slots in hearthstone , blizzard obviously knows your intellectual limits, 
  except shit mobility everywhere you ca n't mount, 
  but words on the internet are very mean !, 
  and almost everyone has anti-anti-movement on short cd , except dks and locks, 
  bof/charger , monk roll , disengage , druids form change and blink , mage blink , heroic leap , cloak of shadows and more . 
  mind you dk only has a 45 sec cd 3 second slow immunity which is channeled , but all those classes have cc of their own . 
  please tell me what that `` high control '' is , when all i can do as a dk without a spec is, 
  a 70 % slow , and, 
  a pull that only guarantees the enemy to use his disengage ability , which most likely has equal or shorter cd ,, 
  and in frost , waste 2 runes on a 4 second immobilize , which makes me sacrifice a lot of potential damage , and have a 1 min cd 4 sec disorient that breaks on damage when my class relies on having a 30 sec dot that is being applied in aoe, 
  i among , pretty sure a lot of people asked if there were any bugs with the hidden appereances , and always got something `` we got no reported bugs so everything is working '', 
  scaling ? 
  you mean `` hotfixes '' every tier right, 
  yes , scaling is so shit versatility is frost 's best stat because it 's the only thing that improves obli damage . 
  since blizzard has gone full retard and does n't plan to stop , i 'm just waiting for `` hotfixes '' each tier that up the dmg on most skills, 
  did you just miscountry my continent ? 
  they 're not really trying , they 're just making the easiest changes to appear that they care . 
  they have had several years to show that they care , and still nothing . 
  death knight, 
  ( frost ) strength in pvp has been reduced by 10 % . 
  ( unholy ) apocalypse damage is no longer reduced in pvp ( was reduced by 75 % ) . 
  demon hunter, 
  ( havoc ) agility increased by 5 % . 
  ( havoc ) stamina increased by 10 % . 
  hunter, 
  ( survival ) stamina has been increased by 15 % .
