  that 's why i read news on 4chan, 
  let 's remove the option of seeing inventory , i feel like knowing where every item is without looking is a very important skill, 
  you talk about looking at your inventory as it is what defines good players from bad ones . 
  even your fucking god grimmz regularly does n't see he has an extended mag or that the enemy dropped a pan . 
  stop being delusional like this will literally obliterate all skill in this game, 
  i think making boosters a different shade of blue would be even better , but a good presentation otherwise, 
  the game should crash your graphic drivers because only good players that know all the afkdrop spots are and then can navigate themselves via sound only should be prioritised, 
  sure that 's a fact , but how many of them will not die if this tiny change will be implemented ? 
  do you believe this change will suddenly push people who die by looting , into the non dying category ? 
  because i personally do n't think so . 
  your comment as as constructive as his, 
  requires a lot of capacity, 
  yes , yes it does, 
  so what you 're saying , playing anything except solo without a microphone should be a bannable offense ? 
   if they 're unwilling to communicate in a squad , they should n't be in a squad . 
  i can read , can you ? 
  aug does 100 only at point blank range, 
  slightly is an understatement , they will become obsolete to most people . 
  dude shut up ur so entitled !!!!!, 
  i play 20 hours a day and manage to get ip just fine , so the system obviously works, 
  actually me_irl, 
  people on the pubg subreddit think he 's triggered and stuff , there is 0 point in arguing due to the massive dickriding of the popular pubg streamers , even though doc is an obvious character , people will still admit he did nothing wrong . 
  i personally felt like doc even regretted the tk , as it would fit his character way more to just leave the random there and just talk trash about him being useless , or that there 's no room for blonde banged chubby kids or w/e . 
  people feeling the need to defend doc after that pubg tweet are really insecure and probably will call anyone that does n't follow the circlejerk triggered, 
  yeah , he tried to salvage the situation in a bad way . 
  if he stopped at the breaking rules tweet it would 've been fine, 
  what about lethal instant circles ? 
  the blue will instantly move when the timer reaches 0 and instakill anyone outside . 
  you ca n't wait for the last second because you will instantly die , so there is a big incentive to get to the circle asap, 
  so edgy, 
  he was n't for a while, 
  you did it ? 
  i tried over 5 times and gave up , never touched the pile of shit again, 
  but it takes skill to memorize your teammates outfits !, 
  and you should communicate if he switches his pants , stop being so casual . 
  i bet you do n't even pick up your used magazines, 
  god you guys wo n't stop trying to make this game easier until the game will allow you to buy guns before you drop . 
  look at dota 2 , no duplicates until you get one of each, 
  bow down , bitch, 
  he has also deleted my clip of him saying , that you should `` be grateful for him even streaming , bitch '', 
  also got banned , what a bitch lmao, 
  good dig , thank you for that . 
  exactly that clip, 
  i bet you do n't even hotwire the cars and do n't pick up used magazines, 
  it 's takes literally no time to learn to drag and drop unless you 're a grandma , why are people upset at removing artificial difficulty, 
  i bet you 're slower than me when it comes to drag and dropping , i can drag over 200 ammo in less than a second . 
  you 're nothing to me . 
  i will beat you in any drag and drop competition you could think of . 
  which means i 'm obviously the better pubg player, 
  you can stroke grimmz 's shaft once per 3 mins, 
   definitely not bannable . 
  picking evelynn was a bannable offence once , do n't count on it, 
  i 've never had this bug until the last update , and it 's really frequent . 
  my pc is n't that bad , i5 6600k , gtx 970 and i play on mostly low, 
  there is possible potential with custom textures on all his stolen spells though, 
  stop with this autism , a tiny bar to show allies ' progress on using items will water the game too much for you ? 
  why do n't we remove the minimap , i feel like it 's useless clutter . 
  if you want to know where your teammates are , that 's where communication comes in . 
  where is your arbitrary line ? 
  oh no , we can see our backpack , helmet and armor without checking inventory thanks to the optional ui settings , might aswell uninstall this game since it is too casual, 
  this is an early access game , yet you people think its ' ui should n't be changed in any way, 
  because otherwise it 's not consistent ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  do you think being able to walk through glass is an intended s k i l l mechanic ? 
  muh skill nooooooo it just crouch jumped through glass in a window, 
  haha he said a word so he 's pretentious xd . 
  so you 're personally attacking him because `` he 's too emotional '' ? 
  because they do n't care , 
  not a bug , but being airborne is not really a mechanic that has many interactions considering only like 3 heroes can move with it . 
   it 's not a 100 % rate, 
  that 's a reason to use the bind not the opposite lmao, 
  weird you 'd say that considering devs themselves said it 's a bug . 
  you saying that editing the files is against the rules ( which it probably is n't but there is no direct official stance on it ) , is not relevant when the rules say you should n't abuse glitches/bugs , which crouch jumping is classified as . 
  if you 're abusing 1 bug already , why not making abusing it easier, 
  okay , so what you are saying is : it 's good to make it hard for the player to execute a crouch jump . 
  now that 's just an opinion and i ca n't say it 's wrong but :, 
  crouch jumping has been stated by a dev to be a bug that 's getting fixed . 
  crouch jumping requires you to input 2 commands at ( i think ) the same time , which is impossible for some keyboards , this is also an unreliable method . 
  personally with a good mech keyboard that has no problems with multiple keypresses , it 's still not 100 % consistent for me . 
  the argument is that it should n't be possible to bind inputs to the same button , atleast for crouch jumping . 
  why would you `` add skill '' to the game by removing the `` official '' way of assigning hotkeys , making crouch jumping use 1 button , which in itself is a bug that otherwise has its reliabilty gated by your keyboard out of all things ? 
  changing game files for whatever reason can trigger a permanent ban . 
  that 's not a stance on the issue , other than warning you that editing files might get you banned , from people that are known to contradict eachother a lot . 
  all i see is might/may . 
  when someone actually gets banned for it then we can say for sure . 
   i said nothing about using or abusing the crouch jump `` bug '' ... 
  i never said you did ? 
  why would you negatively call someone a positive name ? 
  are you seriously comparing bunny hopping in csgo to crouch jumping in pubg ? 
  are you actually retarded ? 
  most pubg players have never played a competetive game before so they think if you make anything easier you 're suddenly dumbing the game down . 
   removing the crouch jump bug, 
  yes i 'd trust a random redditor over people working on the company when it comes to what 's a bug . 
  you 're the one looking for an easy way out , let 's disable the ability to properly assign hot keys so we do n't have to fix the crouch jumping bug, 
  europe = england , and sometimes the whatever is the rest depending on how you feel today, 
  as in the title . 
  i can add sweets for britches, 
  new keys for now . 
  frostivus stumpy . 
  i 'm not interested in anything else besides maybe 2 golden greevils .
