  armor company makes you float muni which allows you to place the deadly mine + demo combo and spam bars and nades . 
  infantry is unchanged really , it 's incredibly potent on some maps since usf has no stock arty , but not that much in 1v1s . 
  i 'd say religion put us behind by 100 science, 
  divide the money on all the hours he spent and it wo n't look as impressive, 
  blizzard, 
  yes, 
  the toxic and antifun century, 
  you could n't be able to buy them again, 
  yeah i think it 's incredibly lazy to just swap the smoke, 
  fuck djwheat, 
  sometimes you want to cap in smoke, 
  the issue is that allies got something good, 
  vamos to the middle lane !, 
  braindead characters [ ] ( / kappa ), 
  all skillshot disabled due to a bug !, 
  can someone say it in euro time, 
  2 stuarts at 8 cp , so useful, 
  make tp a consumable item :\\ ^ ), 
  wonder if it even got 20 % vet, 
  yes, 
  it only brigades, 
  what if lyte is trying to move people to dota , maybe this is just like the ellen pao drama, 
  giving riflemen all possible weapon upgrades as non doctrinal would be nice , with adjusted costs, 
  should download some shit and let them work for a while so your mwb does n't get out of shape killing low lvl scrubs, 
  i recommend voice commands in finnish, 
  yeah , but as we see now the brits are supposed to be the lategame allied faction . 
  so why not make usf `` versatile '' by giving them loads of equipment , instead of just straight up better lategame, 
  sounds really toxic, 
  that 's cool as fuck, 
  lich is not weak, 
  so another 20 gbs ? 
  got ta get the toxic out of your system, 
  are n't inciendary rounds vet 4 ? 
  a hot streak makes it . 
  i quit personally after encountering 3 bots instalocking captain in cm rankeds and then autobuying wards , placing them in base and then feeding in 4 games, 
  but he is just a kid ! 11, 
  how do you check mutes with the new loading screen ? 
  yeah , that did n't work for me, 
  i enjoyed this thread, 
   balance, 
  hope you have a pocket frost mage, 
  so what , do they build the m20 mines or a completely new mine ? 
  become the paper to understand the paper, 
  axis players ' tears, 
   - lowering damage vs trucks only, 
  this is now even more possible with the introduction of the tables if i understand them correctly, 
  you know , if the ost did n't already have huge blob control , they would actually need the panzerwerfer . 
  not saying it 's deserves it 's state , but saying unit x is better than y is retarded because in that case buff t74s because p4 is better . 
  they ca n't find the veto value in the code , it 's somewhere close to the '' performance '' section, 
  you 'd think a memember of the elite balance squad would know that . 
  balance implies balance , but we get lelic, 
  toxic 5 second stuns, 
  100-0 in 25 nanoseconds ? 
  outplay, 
  yeah let 's not punish that guy for knowing how to play only two characters, 
  u do n't like rng stone ? 
  but the tension when you can do 1 dmg to a minion or not, 
   priest with a walking stuka strike , why the f *** doesnt that kill it in one hit ? 
  there 's no punishment there . 
  i am more concerned why a direct priest shell wo n't kill a stuka . 
  also , the m20 mines wo n't even kill a panther , just do around 50 % dmg, 
  maybe the hole that he used 120 fuel on an arty piece and had way less fuel for at , escpecially since op claims they dominated him early game , he would have literally no fuel for a jackson , maybe not even a major out, 
  if you steal memes atleast give source, 
  you do n't need a keyboard, 
  you also do n't need a keyboard, 
  big, 
  where does front armor end and rear armor start though , like in the middle of the sides ? 
  my brit snipers got killed by : raketen and pak and another pak took 2 models from my infantry section in one shot , this was against ai , so i do n't know if it ai cheating or some bullshit accuracy on the sniper/british units, 
  they got mines , do n't know their stats though, 
  that change went live and lasted a day or two . 
  even hard is retarded , jagdpanzers with 1 fuel point 8 minutes in, 
  there were some strings about another commander giving access to m1919s , so i am not so sure, 
  the calliope commander : forward assault company - coordinate your army with aerial support to help maneuver through the battlefield . 
  advanced weapons such as the m1919a6 and the m5 halftrack help infantry to hold the line while mobile artillery units move, 
  if the pershing is 200 + fuel , major is not really an option if you want to get it really fast, 
  turbo mortar no longer turbo , gut, 
  i still think stuka is a design flaw with vet 0 creeping barrage , it just encourages shitty play from okw rushing in with volks just to spot the defending armies and then drop the barrage that will either decrew team weapons and maybe wipe or just do absolutely nothing . 
  and to not get wiped you either need to sit in green cover and pray to rngesus or just have korean micro . 
  fuck that unit , atleast katyusha , werfer and priest do n't have perfect accuracy and allow you to retreat most of the time . 
  are you sure ocf is so close ? 
  are n't the first games on the 20th ? 
  do n't know but it 's a big upcoming tourney, 
  they have huge range, 
  also , fire outside los, 
  paper tanks for the paper faction , but do n't interrupt the brits op circlejerk , you do n't want a good non axis faction do you, 
  do you have any mods or steam workshop stuff ? 
  they are saved to your steam account , and are a part of '' your game '', 
  just smoke and flank, 
  every arty unit can fire in the fog, 
  good cuck go\u0c66\u0501 cuck thats \u2714 some good cuck right there right \u2714 there \u2714 \u2714 if i do cuck so my self i cuck so thats what im cucking about right there right there ( cuckus : \u02b3\u1da6\u1d4d\u02b0\u1d57 \u1d57\u02b0\u1d49\u02b3\u1d49 ) mmmmm\u13b7\u041c \u041do0\u041e\u0b20ooooo\u041e\u0b20\u0b20oooo\u1d52\u1d52\u1d52\u1d52\u1d52\u1d52\u1d52\u1d52\u1d52 good cuck, 
  1400 hp and half the flame dmg, 
  wow , then i have no idea but to contact relic, 
  churchills are op as fuck , royals engies improved repair helps a lot , and air burst is great against buildings . 
  comet is cool , but i feel hammer has more interesting perks . 
  also, 
   air burst is great against buildings . 
   do n't get infantry 's section artillery, 
  how are you calling in your airburst then ? 
  you dont deal with the sniper , you just accept that it will get 50 kills and the only way to kill him is to have your ally/yourself flank it or just pray for a lucky mortar hit . 
  the scot sniper will only be able to snipe him if he fired 3 shots within 10 seconds of eachother because then he will have decloak long enough for the brit sniper to take a shot,
