  it was just a prank bro, 
  well , it 's possible to get good without getting a loss at the moment [ ] ( / kappa ), 
  / ignore tbwolf, 
  chat safe space = created, 
  there you go, 
  i ca n't possibly think how this is a bad idea , everyone hates james !, 
  yes, 
  daily reminder : it 's currentday, 
  what the fuck valve, 
  had the exact problem after upgrading to windows 10 . 
  uninstall all c++ redistributables and then reinstall them . 
  easy way to do it is by going into the dirtybomb folder and running the exes in commonredist/vcredist, 
  i used revo uninstaller since the default uninstaller crashed at the end and did n't finish uninstalling , same for the repair option, 
  i hope the memes from this will be dank, 
  so i see people saying pdp is better and yet they pick grandeur, 
  i personally ca n't reach the impact with the grandeur that i have with the pdp . 
  i like a challenge and would practice with the g , but i ca n't see how not being able to 1 headshot 90 hp mercs and no scope make it better . 
  what makes people pick g over the pdp ? 
  if you are losing a lot, 
  try winning, 
  i asked this in another thread but go no response , why do people pick grandeur on redeye over pdp if they agree that pdp is better ? 
  is that alone worth it over 1shotting 90 hp mercs and a scope ? 
   must of, 
  kill yourself, 
   i do n't have a lot of sympathy for this poster as he did n't pull his weight k/d-wise in any of these games . 
  so basically you are saying this player is bad because he did n't manage to carry 4 worse players ? 
  i 'd also think that seeing the enemy name when you are flashed but targeting them should n't exist . 
  i traded in a d52 and got d41 ; _ ;, 
  sure , better weapons with looter , tryhard and chopper . 
  i prefer perks that do n't suck , that 's why i hoped for almost any other loadout besides those two . 
  did you spend any money on this ? 
   so is this game ever going to get decent pub team assignment code ? 
  maybe in 2018, 
  1 equipment chest, 
  love going into a game where 1 team does n't have a single player over lvl 10 while the other team has 3 lvl 30 players and like 2 or 3 < 10 lvls, 
  why would you say no to free stuff, 
  yeah , but this carries over to ranked , i just played where one team did n't have a single person over 100 hours and had 2 thunder players who went on a dying spree while the other team had 1 or 2 , it 's completely fucking retarded . 
  this is the worst game when it comes to matchmaking i 've seen in my whole life . 
  how is the initial balancing algorithm not a part of the problem ? 
  you can find the exes in the vcredist folder in the dirtybomb directory, 
  could someone tell me how to get those healthbars on the side ? 
  i think i had to disable adblock to do it . 
  try disabling your extensions, 
  steam cloud, 
  that 's impossible . 
  reddit told me that refugees are all women rocket surgeons and children, 
  when i log in , all blr items disappear and i ca n't buy them . 
  anyone know why ? 
  paid or getting a loan ? 
  norwegian here , i get a loan 3.2 k usd for the first month of a semester and then 800 usd/month . 
  i also do n't have to pay 25 % of it back if i pass the semester . 
  they were just following orders !, 
  it 's a promise, 
  yeah , i mean a guy who has 100 hours in the game is obviously as good as someone who has 1000 hours in the game, 
  he got triggered , but it 's okay , i 'm sure he has a safe space zone in his riot office to calm down, 
  white guilt, 
  it 's the extra life charity camo . 
  you got it for donating 50 dolaroos, 
  same thing to me , i contacted customer support . 
  it lacks any active counters , you cant jump away from it or hear it coming . 
  a good fragger has the ability to kill you before you even see him . 
  not saying it warrants a nerf , but from my experience when i played against a lvl 70 or something fragger that is literally unkillable , it 's incredibly frustrating to play against . 
  that 's quite a drastic nerf, 
  what does it do ? 
  i want the 2012 camo so badly ; _ ;, 
  are you saying that only giving a cat food and cleaning his shitbox wo n't make him like me ? 
  thanks for making me losing hope in the game by reading just 1 comment, 
  what is so controversial about allowing the customer to get what he wants ? 
  2013 looks like puke, 
  controlling the world is n't easy, 
  pedo anime, 
   15 dolaroos for a ( most likely complete shit ) loadout and a merc, 
  gee wow thanks, 
  they are thinking about fletcher buffs, 
  you did a thing !, 
  i just made one shitty comment, 
  #match me, 
  why are you forced to play a shitty rng game with crates when you want to support the game by buying cosmetics ? 
  also :, 
  expensive items being more stat/gold efficient than cheaper items, 
   why would it be an issue now that the playerbase is way bigger ? 
  because some random people on reddit say so, 
  if ( confirmedkills  = 300 ) {, 
  return threat ;, 
  it 's a feature !, 
  omg u hate trump ur such a cuck xddddddd, 
  i do n't know , i also do n't know why everyone who says anything negative about trump is automatically a bern cuck, 
  literally textbook phantom player, 
  say, 
  once overwatch comes this game may be too dead to rise back again ever, 
  sniper servers headshot only yes please, 
  i thought that playing as deprived was the meme, 
  it 's arguable if it 's harder to hide . 
  if you do n't have bomb squad you most likely have no idea where it is since it does n't make any sound and can be latched in high places, 
  penis controls, 
  bazoople !, 
  there are also npc invasions, 
  quite the mem, 
  i love it and i believe it 's his best loadout, 
  pdp for pdping,
