  should 've gebak 'd, 
  the duel is agh 'd up tho, 
  they do n't even look like the same hero , i thought it was midas . 
  hon skins are on their own level, 
  muh click r mechanics, 
  also yasuo 95 % crit with no runes, 
  i personally could n't be bothered to even try to move with plague knight . 
  i greatly enjoyed shovel knight but plague knight is so slow and jumping is so stupid that i just quit . 
  i do n't think i 've ever quit a game because of its dlc before, 
  oh no i expressed my opinion : ^ (, 
  are you mashing your buttons ? 
  tfw a signal hacks your ip adress and then flushes your dns, 
  ** new ** running out of breath attack damage decreases over the first five attacks to 50, 
  i think they try harder to make some random shit puns about changes than actually trying to balance the game, 
  i hope he got a receipt for the attempted theft, 
   game is balanced around the fact that people will take flash . 
  that 's not a good thing, 
  le smart asians, 
  why would you rebalance the whole game ? 
  i know mobility creep is a thing and no flash would kill champions with no mobility , but that 's a concern even with flash , because you still are always at a disadvantage . 
  the only hero i see right now really needing flash or something like that to be effective is really fiddle , but he has his own problems . 
  if you have flash up and get caught out of position you flash and get away or force their flash . 
  it 's really stupid . 
  would rather see them implement something similar to dotas blink dagger or just make flash a baseline spell so you actually have freedom to choose 2 summoners instead of 1 . 
  why is it good ? 
  having only 1 real slot for a summoner limits diversity, 
  there were rumors years ago that it would maybe be removed . 
  i believe the game would be in a way better state if it happened , but when i see that they nerf darius instead of 100 % banrate champs , i do n't think it even matters . 
  one can dream, 
  you 're right , more champions have very important synergy than i thought , and kinda `` need them '' but what bothers me is that champions who do n't have that , still pick it 99 % of the time because of how easy it is to save yourself from certain death, 
  time to nerf darius, 
  i wonder what random champion will get nerfed next , maybe taric, 
  had it happen to a lee sin yesterday . 
  went completely invisible but appeared back 50 seconds later, 
  it does almost nothing, 
  they struggle because fighting games are incredibly unforgiving which appeals to a minority, 
  tfw your game has a gameplay tab in the store yet you still believe money ca n't buy anything, 
  s/f s/sh for general pve and condi build for champions ? 
  played it in beta or alpha and the `` card '' item system turned me off forever, 
  my feels  my team winning, 
  just wait for xd my girlfriend made me a birthday cake/gift/painting / turd/sex and i wanted to share with you guys, 
  you know what uranium is right ? 
  yes but does this make money : thinking :, 
  you have done well , and this surely proves that with the resources valve has access to , would be a non issue , however , if valve gave a shit about customer satisfaction maybe they 'd hire more than 2 people for customer support is all i 'm saying, 
  do not interrupt the circlejerk , obviously when you talk about usa , you can just pull some completely unrelated fact from another country across the globe as an argument, 
  as a new player , how important is primed pressure point and flow ? 
  is anything else he is selling right now worth getting ? 
  can someone tell me how does rift surge death effect works . 
  in the patchnotes it specifically says that a unit only does damage to other surged enemies if it dies while outside the rift and the units have to be outside the rift aswell , but ingame it just says other surged units . 
  i do n't have access to the training mode right now , so i ca n't test it . 
  does anyone know the answer ? 
  it 's a free game, 
  make blink dagger have 5 minute cd and make it available for everyone from the start, 
  i 'm mc do n't know what irony is, 
  then nothing happens obviously, 
  really makes you think, 
  why would anyone give away their password when logging in smhaftbqhwyf, 
  most of reddit is american who has never met a gypsy so they think europeans just hate brown people for no reason, 
  no ron, 
  the probability of it dropping 0 times in x runs , is the probability of it not dropping 1 time , multiplied by itself x times you run . 
  so 0.99 ^ x is the chance of not getting it in x runs . 
  this result only has 1 possible combination , which is all fails in a row . 
  1-0 .99 ^ x is the rest of the `` chance '' meaning that it is the percentage of it dropping at least once . 
  if you have a chance of not getting it at all , and you do n't roll it , it means you rolled the chance of getting it atleast once . 
  it 's awesome because the matchmaking system is garbage ? 
  what ? 
  take a break, 
  high quality response, 
  to add why some people wo n't switch to other games . 
  i have a few lol friends that complain constantly about the game but wo n't switch because they invested so much, 
  pretty sure f2p heroes ca n't be used in ranked anyway if you do n't own them, 
  where can i find such info, 
  is there any sauce to them not being permanent ? 
  he works out at the library, 
  10 questions scientists ca n't answer 13 years later, 
  no complaints allowed, 
  let me explain , basically , grimmz is a superhuman and if you disagree you 're stupid because anecdotal evidence \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u0360 \u00b0 \u035f\u0296 \u0360 \u00b0 ) _ / \u00af, 
  vss is a silenced sniper weapon that comes with a scope , silencer and uses 9mm ammo . 
  it 's very quiet but does very low damage , arguably too little . 
  remember when playing eve was a valid reason to get reported ? 
  that lasted a long time, 
  i agree , i had to fight in an open field with a shotgun , and when i killed the other duo , one of them had an uzi and some ammo with lvl 1 armor and the other guy had an ar with 4x , but no secondary, 
  i also dropped in georgopol once , to find literally 0 weapons on top of the containers in one of the sections , god forbid if you find anything but pants in the hangar buildings aswell . 
  my personal experience has been bad . 
  if ( hack = = true ) {, 
  player.vacban ( ) ;, 
  you ca n't attack anymore ? 
  is this the case ? 
  i do n't have amazon prime and made sure i am not , but managed to get twitch prime just fine , still on trial though, 
  i 'm in europe in a country without amazon prime i guess ? 
  so it says, 
   `` you are signing up for prime video worldwide plan '', 
  for me . 
  my amazon account has prime disabled too . 
  m a n i f e s t d e s t i n y, 
  well it was a given since ubisoft, 
  got a surface pro 3 i5 myself and i get 1-2 fps, 
  they had cool uniforms, 
  as someone who played a lot of blc which was the prequel , the future for this game looks unsure imo due to devs focusing more on pumping out skins right now than making sure the core game play is good enough, 
  everything on the internet is 100 % serious,
