  also a 1k dmg physical ult :\\ ^ ), 
  so what , just because people abuse the system we should just accept it as the norm and not force it to be fixed ? 
  word emote word emote word emote word emote word emote word emote, 
  you do n't have to be a bernie cuck to see that trump is going full retard recently, 
  watch out or you 'll get the trump shills to brigade the sub [ ] ( / opieop ), 
  blizzard promised all cosmetics would be purchaseable with ingame currency, 
  once pressed , you hold it and drag it , release for cast right click for cancel . 
  alarak can push himself if that 's what you mean, 
  it 's either peru or brazil, 
  that 's a big post, 
  no it would n't . 
  the mtg games are pretty ok, 
  a lot of products have a visible indicator that there is no palm oil used , but yes it 's not something 100 % regulated, 
  i think it 's over the top , i 'd suggest death squads being deployed all over the world , being ready to be summoned any time something suspicious happens . 
  pls no this is fun to watch, 
  why would you take anything else at lvl 1, 
  that 's the problem , other options are still bad , it 's better to have 3 good talents to choose from than 3 shit ones . 
   not related to lol, 
  i was lucky and witnessed the start of the fire, 
  working as intended, 
  getting what you want is a very bad thing after all, 
  some can have different colors !, 
  yes , because gw2 is literally the pinnacle of mmorpg , and is perfect in literally every way , anyone who disagrees with me is wrong !, 
  so many years , and still no build manager that they promised years ago and said `` it is on the table '' . 
  thanks for being on the opposite side and invalidating any criticism , because you can split people who do n't like x in literally 2 groups, 
  i would love to see how the game would work if you drafted the heroes , and you ca n't pick the same hero on both teams , since they push on lore so much , it would make sense to not have 10 soldier clones fighting . 
  thanks , but now i wonder , the azelaic acid i am looking at has bha included from what i see , should i still use a bha with it ? 
  i ca n't find anything about the concetration in it , based on this link http://www.paulaschoice-eu.com/clear-daily-skin-clearing-treatment-azelaic-acid-bha.html, 
  why is skelly shooty bad, 
  they also love to lock you in combat for no reason, 
  change things with classes and it still fits, 
  you do n't know because you 're retarded, 
  it stacks, 
   death knights, 
  what ? 
  dks are again the least mobile melee class that do n't even have a cd to heal anymore . 
  if you have problems with a class that has a 45 sec cd 3 sec hof and literally nothing else against being kited that is running away , i hope you have n't met a demon hunter, 
  dks still have chains , and it 's arguably at the best it has been , but when so many classes have a dash , slow immunity or cleanse it just does n't cut it to reliably stick to someone from my experience, 
  i have i5 6600k and 970 and barely get above 40 fps in most areas on a mix of medium and high settings, 
  i would say clawing shadows is mandatory in pvp , and if you take blighted weapon festering wounds stacks are not a problem , the problem is mostly how almost all other damage sources you have require you to be close to the enemy : shambler , zombies from apo , festering strike , death strike . 
  from range all you can do is throw deathcoils , clawing shadows and chains . 
  i 've also heard people say that the gargoyle is the most pathetic 3 min cooldown in the game , but i 've never had the time to see how much it really does, 
  pointy elbows 2/10, 
  i know carbonite has a `` punk '' detector that will warn you about nearby enemy players , but it 's only a name list, 
  sick reasoning . 
  someone has to be the worst so let 's give him literally fuck all . 
  demon hunters have good mobility , so let 's make them do 50k dps , someone has to be the worst , right ? 
  vacuum cooldown increased, 
  they are just an indie company !, 
  stop being so entitled , they need to make money somehow , like forcing you to play for 3months to get a core item, 
  honestly bring the class was better than this bullshit, 
  arthas was n't blood though, 
  it is 70 , unless the tool tip is wrong . 
  unholy can boost it to 100 %, 
  how big would you say ? 
  i just started playing a few weeks ago and i 'm hoping to learn some moneymaking so i can get enough for a token for next month, 
  bmi is useless for fit people, 
  i like riot so everyone must like riot, 
  the guy in the context said he was fit . 
  i think you are projecting too much buddy, 
  it got changed from blc pretty significantly but the concept stays the same . 
  there are heal and energy pickups on the ground for example, 
  are you telling me that reading the headline is n't enough ? 
  yes , if not even more, 
  pretty sure that 's the point, 
  literally best pvp game i 've played , + reckful memes, 
  sort of , they also eventually implemented lol like p2w stat boosts, 
  spending money gives you an advantage in pure numbers , be it more runes or champions over someone who does n't considering the same time played ingame . 
  maybe not p2w literally , but money definitely can buy you power faster, 
  the shield also exploded each time it took damage, 
  if you use the word moba literally , it 's the closest game there is to being a moba , but by the current use of the word , it 's not very close . 
  it 's not even blizzard , a lot of people think dk should have literally 0 mobility , cuz le death grip, 
  there is none because that would imply blizzard can balance their games, 
  the technology is n't there yet, 
  because they are n't a mage, 
  try being in dalaran , insta aggro from all guards, 
  league of legends results on the page you linked ? 
  closed beta and ea are two different clients, 
  the game has a lot of depth imo , skillshots with energy managment and ex skills and baiting trances . 
  it 's just hard to see . 
  imo the only thing that may make the game stale is a too small pool of champions , or lack of some kind of carrot for people who want progression, 
  blc had an ingame tournament system that was pretty good that earned you tournament only currency that you used on special skins , portraits and titles, 
  steam id : kubelecer, 
  i have not even 1 hour played , but did n't bother refunding in those 2 weeks because maybe there was hope and i still could n't get a refund after the lies they 've said on launch . 
  took a few months for single player to even work , but i guess the game was n't named no mans sky so valve does n't give a shit . 
  i 'll try again now, 
  0,5 mill on a 5 min cd , worth, 
  i 'm not the one to get triggered by shit talking as i 've played lol and dota for many years , but i 've had more bad experiences than good ones so far with chat, 
  is that how people fly in broken isles ? 
  yes . 
  it 's a pretty stupid idea to obtain an arbitrary amount of coins just to enter a tournament . 
  do people think everyone wins something ? 
  e d g y, 
  men stronk, 
  ca n't kill what 's already dead, 
  the npc is random and he ca n't outheal the hc dot , do n't know about normal . 
  because it 's only usable once per 5 minutes , most of our talents have only 1 viable choice per tier and the golden artifact talents and the passive might aswell not even do damage and you still would n't see a big difference, 
  we got 1 min hs to dala , that 's our mobility . 
  that 's neat , but slapping root on almost everything wo n't help when it does jack shit vs hof and stuff like that, 
  inb4 ak 20 , random drop from when your frost wyrm does a world q :\\ ^ ),
