  * everything is going as planned . 
  nothing is ever confirmed by valve , they are just watching us and laughing at our pathetic tries to understand the mysteries . 
  if we talk bloodline champions , they added some pay2win talismans and one use gems you attach to them . 
  it was awesome when it was pure skill without any modifications . 
  dreamz stay dreamz, 
  it is almost melee , it 's a purge , it slows and purges , there 's no difference . 
  i like to throw shurikens at it and run into it 's weakpoint and blast it with my shotty . 
  dunno about shotty but with a sark i took it down in like 2 secs from full hp . 
  please do n't stop working on it , it is a really awesome courier . 
  also known as limbo . 
  gay fishsticks, 
  until someone picks skywrath . 
  do n't complain about free points , what 's wrong with you people, 
  yea , why are n't we allowed to use someones product which took a lot of money and work by ourselves for free ? 
  read again . 
  using and listening to is not the same thing . 
  only one person called gg though . 
  \\ #mith . throws, 
  lose all your money . 
  cry in a corner . 
  megakills are meh tbh . 
  both, 
  you had to deposit coins which you used to buy heroes and skins . 
  if the report was successful you got them back . 
  almost all my reports were refunded and i really did n't even consider reporting bad players since it was a bit of money . 
  people ride valve 's dick . 
  that is a great system . 
  the reports were actually checked due to the money being bet . 
  also i forgot to add that if the report was n't checked and decided within a week you got your money back . 
  so close , yet so far . 
  own opinions are not allowed . 
  and there would be no '' pride '' and '' independency '' on the line . 
  probably yes , if bane is still some horrible pony with no eyes , i do n't see anything wrong with a vagina-face blue alien . 
  sand king attacks is the most gentle '' violence '' i 've seen . 
  * tap *, 
  hey , stop poking !, 
  * tap *, 
  they check reddit more than the official forum . 
  next level . 
  not if od is dead !, 
  native english speakers are the worst english writers . 
  bm singehandely counters na'ix . 
  outplayed, 
  outsmarted, 
  `` omg tryhard pugna picker '', 
  - skywrath, 
  that 's why you get radi on tree . 
  because it 's bugged . 
  it is not supposed to trigger last word . 
  last time i checked if you phaseshifted , you would get silenced and dmgd before the spell would take effect . 
  maybe it 's fixed now . 
  tell usa that there is loads of ** oil ** in china . 
  freedom process engaged in no time . 
  every 5th minute a rune spawns in the midlane , in the river . 
  the hero who picks it up gets - wtf for 5 minutes . 
  just because he is mid in pubs does n't mean he is a good mid hero . 
  any ranged will shit on him so hard because he will either get a stout and be 250 more gold away from bottle or just kill himself with rot . . 
  le very high, 
  = na'vi , ig , lgd level, 
  keep using brackets as skill definition and you 'll learn so much . 
  reddit2stoopid to read valve 's post . 
  he needs a new skill instead of pulse . 
  it 's fucking great on paper but you wo n't even get 2 ticks on a hero . 
  chinese = best . 
  if u disagree ur bad m8 . 
  you do n't see people from the west saying '' we just realised how bad china is when we played against them in their own country . 
  trash . '', 
  i treat it like a midas on a 40 sec cd . 
  snowball hero , like every other mid hero . 
  brings nothing to the table if carry has bkb in 10 minutes . 
  supports hate that bitch . 
  magnus 's rp is only relevant if the enemy ca n't position themselves , or he has his blink , a good rp will pretty much throw the game balance in his favor . 
  rexxar snowballs really hard for his team because he allows for really fast pushes after a gank which most likely will result in a kill , which pushes the team even further . 
  puck is a finesse hero , i agree that it brings a lot of utility . 
  should 've said most . 
  since noone plays him . 
  it 's not like bat has severe bugs that make him way stronger than he should be . 
  after all , changing some values is really hard work which takes months . 
  the bug is identified . 
  they just need to change numbers and if that 's so fucking hard for valve then there is no wonder who is milking their players . 
  buy new one . 
  lucky you , i only get to play dota on my toaster . 
  7 hits in a row after the 1 nonbash . 
  i do n't know the values for prng but if we take 40 % and do it easy, 
  thanks / u/srcrackbaby, 
  wong , dis tim rite gracias / u/wicked _ sweet copypasted, 
  pure skill, 
  someone else below me posted a dotabuff and it was clean . 
  ya , i 'll fix it when i get home , ty . 
  my math teacher always said i miss the obvious . 
  lolno, 
  if a godlike pudge is a pudge farming in his lane for 20 minutes , spamming cyka , i afk noob team , and report x ,, 
  i played with the top pudges in the world . 
  my eyes , it burns !, 
  wow , you do n't like something ? 
  you must be alone in the world !, 
  i think he meant you bought an expensive headset just for the small pixel gift that comes with it . 
  what a great argument , so you say i am the fault of my pudge not hitting his hooks when i 'm not even in his lane ? 
  or maybe you 're implying the matchmaking is perfect and it 's my fault aswell ? 
  it 's not like people with 500 wins got people who just started the game in their team .
