  resource management is toxic and antifun, 
  \\ #notallwalls, 
  not safe for castille, 
  now , this is an old meme . 
  use the ambush bonus, 
  ost mortar halftrack is pretty good, 
  yes , they are completely viable . 
  their nade is a mini nuke and they can sneak through the whole map after a while since there are craters everywhere, 
  my game likes to crash whenever someone types in map chat `` map is finally full '', 
  i am looking for a phone that fits in a pocket and will last me a few years . 
  the bending issues and realization of the size of the 6p turned me away from it and i 've looked a bit on the moto phones and the z5/c . 
  good storage and camera is a plus . 
  anyone have had any experience with those ? 
  i 'm in eu and have seen that there is a limited availability on some phones for me sadly . 
  lucky you were n't banned, 
  z5 has a glass back ? 
  i was fiddling with z5 and z5c 2 hours ago in a store and did n't see any glass on both , looked and felt like some plastic, 
  thanks , i would 've never thought it was glass, 
  that got reverted, 
   could of, 
  that 's why poland was one of the only countries to not be invited to celebrate ww2 victory ? 
  i do n't understand what i 'm looking at, 
  [ ] ( / notears ) only scars now, 
  there 's a black friday deal on the z5c , and i really like the phone due to size , but how are the overheating issues and the back glass ? 
  is the performance smooth ? 
  for mg42s , you should get nades , but not before you tech up imo . 
  an early m20 will give you way more presence on the map . 
  i usually get nades after an m20 , unless the map is really small and 1 hmg can lock down a lot . 
  for mortar spam , you need to realise that if he made a lot of mortars , he does n't have manpower for anything else , you need to push very hard with your superior infantry army and your light vehicles and push him off if you can , because that 's when he is most vulnerable, 
  i got a warning about high volume on my new z5 c , but after i dismissed it , it has n't come back so far . 
  spearhead , jaeger armor , lightning war . 
  spearhead for mortar hf for brit emplacements, 
  jaeger if i get to lategame without the need of other commanders , or to counter artillery, 
  lightning war for skillplanes and g43s, 
  at guns can still snare , but it 's like a 2 % chance only on a rear armor hit below 50 % hp . 
  his gf made this, 
  trigger warning : battery charge, 
  with broken effects , again . 
  heavy cavalry . 
  pershing can be a pain to ass to deal with for axis if you just wipe infantry with it . 
  i remember it dying in 1 faust + small arms finish, 
  the same reason you 'd need 11 trillion dpi, 
  lt vs okw is suicide . 
  they still lack a hmg and kubel does n't supress so you need to overwhelm him with a major infantry force and prepare for the luchs . 
  blur and distortion are 2 different things , distortion is invulnerability while blur is `` evade '' as in dodging . 
  you can blur things you can normally dodge, 
  he shell has higher aoe than other tanks ' shells while having lower penetration . 
  you can still pen a tank sometimes with it , but it should always penetrate light vehicles, 
  losing is toxic and anti fun, 
  is there a spotify playlist of desties ' songs ? 
  i do n't think resistance is the problem , it 's the 50 other boons that get applied every second that makes removing resistance just pure luck, 
  obers too , for good measure, 
  intended but not on the patch notes because lelic, 
  the rifle nade warning sound was so delayed , it played when it already hit . 
  this is a fix for it . 
  they are not . 
  okw panther is more accurate and has better moving accuracy while having a smaller reload time spread, 
  fix all the bugs, 
  rng, 
  indirect fire/sight disruption/flanks, 
  you had nothing to repair your tanks btw , always have a sturm squad . 
  you should also try to place some sandbags to help your volks holding points . 
  instead of those light tanks you could 've also made obers and have room for a kt . 
  you do n't always need a vehicle to counter infantry , better infantry gets the job done most of the time , especially when you picked spec ops for the ir stgs which are close range weapons which would give you a better ranger squad after it would vet up . 
  after you get panthers/tanks as okw , you basically resort to spamming obers since you will have superior at vehicles to the allied counterparts , so you only have infantry to worry about . 
  more like kunkkas new tidebringer, 
  from what i 've seen sprice is recently using it by going 2 rifles into a second re . 
  then getting a barfinder squad -  captain and then go for 1 or 2 para squads when you can . 
  he goes for the thompsons and plays really aggresively and tries to wipe units with the assault ability . 
  after you get para upgrades you equip all your res with bazookas and just hang around your captain and use his on me ability when you need it . 
  tanks are optional . 
  maxim spam vs okw can be incredibly hard to deal with until the okw player gets a stuka/luchs/isg . 
  do n't walk into them , and if you do , press t, 
  50 % extra accuracy , 150 % longer burst if standing still , +50 % received accuracy, 
  modding updates, 
  introducing the curated pathway for skins in the steam workshop, 
  updating company of heroes 2 tools data with ukf substance designer source files, 
  updating company of heroes 2 tools data with usf/okw dlc unit psd source files, 
  updating modding wiki with info on curated mod types . 
  balance updates, 
  uk forces, 
  infantry section, 
  we are reverting a change from the previous update which reduced the durability of infantry sections . 
  this will bring infantry sections in line with their cost . 
  target size reduced from 0.9 to 0.8, 
  bug fixes, 
  general, 
  fixed an issue with lobby chat not working, 
  oberkommando west, 
  the tiger b `` k\u00f6nigstiger '' and the `` jagdtiger '' panzer j\u00e4ger tiger ausf . 
  b can no longer be called in at the same time, 
  the tiger b `` k\u00f6nigstiger '' can no longer purchase both the pintle-mountaed mg42 machine gun and the panzer commander, 
  uk forces, 
  fixed an issue with the assault ability 's recon planes not revealing fog of war, 
  universal carrier 's suppressing fire ability is now a timed ability, 
  projectiles added to the qf 17-pounder at gun, 
  projectiles added to the sherman firefly, 
  brits - snipers, 
  usf - calliope/upgraded riflemen, 
  sturm spam should never give you trouble .
