  you can dispel it with bkb . 
  yea , it 's not like the entangle has a 3 second cooldown or something . 
   ~ ~ 0 % / 0 % / 12.5 % ~ ~ 0 skill/0 skill/12 .5 skill, 
  prepare for downvotes and people telling a man who knows his thing that he is wrong . 
  i would say 10/10 . 
  this item is utter shit . 
  i love 7, 
  really smart way of saying fuck you to griefers when most of the time it 's only 1 person who is unpausing . 
   shut up you are bad, 
  typical response to a person asking to report the mad russian who did n't get his mid lane as the last pick . 
  yea , it 's not like you ca n't win with weird heroes against greedy players no matter how good you are . 
  thanks for insight the one who knows everything . 
  fuck you omniscience !, 
   so good you will come back ^ ^ ^ ^ x ^ ^ ^ ^ marks ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ spot, 
  people are just having the mindset carry = badass , ignoring the fact that they have 10 cs in 20 minutes and blame supports for everything . 
  carry is responsibility , responsibility is not for immature kids . 
  i believe peoples ' '' main '' roles are evenly distributed across the whole board . 
  i once got pyrion against me with my 5stack , he was with 2 friends . 
  he was n't happy . 
  jesus i even feel bad for playing the fucking game if i know i am not on even ground against my enemies . 
  bad trolling, 
  it should return both . 
  i would say it 's core . 
  russian pro team is reinforcing stereotypes . 
  yea , hate against russians is sooooooooooooo unjustified , keep whiteknighting , whiteknights . 
  shut up faggot, 
  le trolled xdxdxdxdxd, 
  ignorance is bliss , if you hear a word over and over again describing something wrong , you will just get used to using that word on things it is n't describing . 
  but what ns and most of the russian community does is n't rude ? 
  wake up whiteknight, 
  you barely see it . 
  i had no idea until i previewed it . 
  what do you think is the most important function community-wise that has to be implemented ? 
  vote kick ? 
  permanent bans ? 
  he does n't exist . 
  ` murica, 
  yea , it 's ok . 
  it 's not like they get paid for working or anything . 
  that 's racist !, 
  branches !, 
  it 's crashing because the heroes are desperate for more cosmetics , do n't worry , valve is on it . 
  i would buy the shit out of that if it was ingame . 
  lol, 
  500 feet ? 
  that 's like 2 kilograms and 1 meter ? 
  thanks , but i am still against american unit system . 
  i would n't be against it if the valued were n't so unintuitive . 
  10s are easier to count with . 
  when i was young i wished i was esti because they have the most awesome flag in the world , i still do ... 
  or any ~ ~ mid ~ ~ hero . 
  edit : i forgot, 
  he chews on your limbs . 
  crystal 5 : moves like glacier, 
  is n't this what we try to avoid here ? 
  2 results ... 
  a good tinker will snowball so hard with a fast blink and dagon that you can just call gg and leave , it is micro intensive but incredibly rewarding if pulled out right . 
  how do i make sure i am subscribed for those newsletters ? 
  i had a pw account already and i had no opportunity to check the box for the newsletter specifically for blacklight . 
  got 2 perm shotguns , in a row ... 
  points you sum up on your cv, 
  buy starcraft and play micro wars . 
  who cares , here , you get new axe axes and it 's fixed , right ? 
  - valve logic, 
  i won a tournament 2 months ago , still waiting for my premium account for 30 days . 
  midas -  phase and decide if you need enough farm to 1v5 the enemy or your team can support you in fights . 
  if the first , go radi and then a big item of your choice , if you know that you will be supported go fast mjollnir after phase followed by a basher . 
  cyka, 
  now yes, 
  cyka i report you gamburger mid or feed axaxaxaxa, 
  le trolled xdxd, 
  you do the internet a great service !, 
  gibe or i repot u, 
  buy a cosmetic set . 
  play the game and remember you do n't spellsteal just because it 's off cooldown . 
  if you waited 2 seconds before stealing that warcry you would 've gotten the ravage tide used . 
  14 seconds is huge when it can turn fights around in few seconds, 
  there is a third one , the words are pronounced from behind but in the same order, 
  like : '' i ekil srac '', 
  you ca n't do such things to bigger teams , they got tha '' na'vi '' status . 
  although she is not really good as 4 or 5, 
  windrun is windrun but you will hit a point where you will die before you even shackle . 
  how is od a carry but not mid ? 
  ofc he is support he has a heal you stupid noob, 
  go pull i carry, 
  engrish hard . 
  bet it was her only death , you monster !, 
  what issue are you talking abut ? 
  od is really bad in a safelane and he is a carry that goes mid , i woud classify him as a mid hero anytime . 
  sure he gets manaburns for over 300 but does it matter when nyx has 13 max mana ? 
   ~ ~ od ~ ~ nyx wo n't be able to cast ~ ~ astral ~ ~ mana burn more th ** a ** n once if nyx takes mana burn at lvl one . 
  ftfy, 
  more excuses, 
  true , but being just left with a '' warning '' every time you do something really questionable just because you are the most known team is really stupid . 
  i have nothing against the team , it was just an example of hypocritical thinking in e-sports . 
  only the less known teams are being rightfully judged while the top ones are let free to do w/e they want . 
  you can always go bottle if you are unlucky . 
  actually orb is more 1/3 -2 / 3 of his damage , he hits really hard due to his int . 
  for peace and freedom !, 
  good for jugg spin and sometimes pudge rot .
