  operations are basically chest openings, 
  230 euro package discounted to 60 euro gets you like 8 heroes 5 skins and maybe 2 mounts, 
  atleast the price of the games are adjusted to a certain level based on income, 
  tec-9 has random recoil , 5-7 has mostly vertical recoil, 
  because they are brainwashed by riot and willingly accept being buttfucked by them, 
  because that means we get uneducated masses spewing wrong bullshit about other games , namely dota , hots and csgo . 
  they are being charged for literally everything within the game with absurd prices , just looking at the time to unlock everything says a lot when people continue to support that model . 
  / r/shittysteamreviews, 
  oni 's can be fadc 'd on block on 2nd hit , only ex though, 
  i do n't know , but i hear he will stream in 5 minutes all the time, 
  not if the product does n't exist locally, 
  science is science . 
  yes, 
  i mean , if you only wanted to go to those places , then yes . 
  i do n't know how you can be offended by the slav squat , it 's not derogatory, 
  i do n't get it, 
  does this apply to steam sales ? 
  guess all those sellouts from sc2 got contacts in twitch and now use it against the prophet . 
  russia was the first one to max out espionage and realise that it makes claims into cores . 
  these child comments , the bamboozle is real , was worth a read for me, 
  y u so toxic man, 
  not stopping a spray after you missed a lot . 
  in the wallet, 
  du/u ', 
  is there a part two ? 
  or is it over then, 
  do you test that with trial/error ? 
  how can you use benchmarks for that , since most of them just use a set configuration setting on each different hardware part ? 
  not even a single fadc combo except the tatsu, 
  i agree , i remember for most of the time there was 1 thread of '' wtf riot '' per week , and it has increased recently, 
  where is the step where you get their copypasta that is not even remotely close to the query ? 
  it 's more of a sticker than a skin, 
  but if you are , it comes with a free / r/atheism subscription, 
  just a few examples , judge for yourself but it does n't seem that bad, 
  i 'm polish , but i have n't lived there in some years , and from what i 've recall we were always told how unsafe it is at night , and how the skinheads would come up to you asking '' you got a problem ? '', 
  but when i think about it , and my recent trips there , you have to stroll into a horrible neighborhood at night to be in any danger . 
  i 've waddled around half-drunk a few times in a medium sized city , and it was insanely quiet and empty and never really had to think about my safety . 
  it was pretty clear with the note , if you are talking about the sphinx , i knew there was a laser on the pyramid , but it took me quite a while to even get out a prism and after that it was just scanning , but in retrospect it made sense, 
  i think the achievements are quite buggy , or some achievements require you to do a specific task at a set point in game with no way to go back and do it , so you are forced to play the whole game again , just to get to that point and do x. 
  you could argue there are '' paths '' that will give you an achievement each , but there is a segment that happens once per playthrough and you can get a few achievements only then . 
  this is of course only relevant if you are an achievement whore . 
  i also did n't get why i had to use my phone qr app to read some codes , nor did i understand any of the numbers present in the game lore files , and i do n't think the game ever explains that to you . 
  i really ca n't find any other compaints right now that are n't a bit objective , puzzles are pretty original i would say so it depends if you like them or not , they can be pretty hard until you realize that you could do this or that . 
  ward the hero selection, 
  i think the reset was too much maybe , i 'm not sure . 
  i think maybe icefrog should consider it being a reset for x amount of seconds , so he ca n't just have it up 30 seconds later for no reason, 
  well , then you come to the problem :, 
  should a hero be weak just because he is basic/not hard to play ? 
   counterplay, 
  what 's good with the current one ? 
  rewarding skill and making inherintly weaker heroes are two different things . 
  how can you have a hero viable if he is just bad ? 
  i 'm not commenting about current balance but about your balance philosphy . 
  obviously there will always be easier heroes , but the game should be diverse , so why would you limit it 's viable hero pool just because they are n't complex in nature ? 
  is there nothing else that can be done ? 
  i do n't even know , every word peasants start to use becomes really hard for me to respect, 
  i thought uk was being kinda fucked on internet aswell ? 
  the hatless ulti looks way better when i compare them, 
  and if he switches now he may get into the inner circles of youtube streaming without problems !, 
  mountains are -2 , hills/marshes are -1 . 
  drag them into wars against their neighbors to weaken them is my idea, 
  it 's a slow game and you have to push them to the corner . 
  once you do you really have to make it count , oni has good tools to keep them guesssing , but if they get out you most likely lost unless you already have a huge health lead . 
  you should just slowly get a hp lead and once you do play extremely safe, 
  because c is constant, 
  it 's a 1f link . 
  after lk.axe fadc you are +3 on hit, 
  medium should be way easier , but it 's slower so you ca n't combo into it from f.ex . 
  firefighters ? 
  good thing smoke is n't in that game , but this guy is, 
  from what i 've read smoke said '' smoke is dead . 
  i 'm an enenra '' or something like that in the story . 
  i wish , but i do n't see it happening . 
  i just wanted rain and smoke, 
  surprise anschlu ~ ~ \u00df ~ ~ ss, 
  that 's my issue , every game is just too fucking long . 
   also , if you 're only going for the exp farming make sure to terminate the contract when you 're in the payout screen to skip it . 
  could you explain this please ? 
  so it 's not for avoiding the xp penalty ? 
  really ignorant . 
  it depends on the country . 
  polan is central europe !, 
  kara throws and frametraps . 
  oni has a lot of ways to combo from a counterhit , so you need to check how and when they tech . 
  slash and stepkick can start a really nasty combo . 
  it 's hard to say do x , because it depends on a lot of things , but whenever they tech your throw , you make a mental note : i 'm going to do a frametrap in the same scenario if it happens again, 
  does every single gun in the game kill in 1 hit to the chest ? 
  sorry , i thought the text below the post would explain it more, 
  yeah , the group is made of mostly nordic players , i tried to remove all non peasant stuff , but i became too lazy in the end, 
  commonwealth without rebels is not commonwealth, 
  today ? 
  so did jax if i 'm not mistaken, 
  never give up, 
  inb4 cyborg pack with cyber smoke and hydro, 
  it will be a character with moves from all of the characters that did n't make it !, 
  the peasant in question was from finland, 
  noone confirmed that it is only one , there could be more, 
  for getting that juicy karma, 
  yes , because it was n't +40 when i posted :\\ ^ ), 
  dat -33 % merc maintenance,
