  there is one , yellow too, 
  oni has armor on active frames of his b.hp , and the qcf + lp + hp fireball seems to have armor aswell . 
  i think you are right , i thought i absorbed some hits when i used it . 
  seems garbage then, 
  that wo n't work ingame though, 
  yes , charged hado is +6 on hit, 
  they are coming out on the 16th , from what i 've read on srk, 
  just add jabs to his tight fadc combos . 
  you do n't lose that much damage and it is way easier . 
  serbia does n't, 
  found something :, 
  st.mk forces stand on first hit, 
  b.mp is +5 instead of +6 on crouchers , which means it wo n't combo into st.mk , cr.mk and st.mp, 
  lp dp , mu is character specific midscreen , it does n't work on chun atleast . 
  b.hp is +5 on hit up close . 
  the funny ex fireball can juggle midscreen into dp and mk tatsu , seems like a good combo ender on far crouchers, 
  ex up airdash gives him his neutral jump normals , so you can try and be fancy and cross them up with the 2nd back hit of nj.hk, 
  all air ex airdashes get the regular hovering ex air tatsu , while the non ex aridashes get his diving one, 
  ex airdash has lower height restriction than the normal ones , so it 's possible to go for a surprise crossup from a small distance really easily, 
  f.hp is the better kara throw now, 
  i did . 
  i just picked him because he looked cool and i had no idea about sf before so i had no favorites . 
  since his playstyle was the one i got most familiar with , i do n't really have anything to relate to , but i do n't like being a pussy and throw projectiles all day , so i guess it 's one of the things keeping me playing him . 
  i think it 's just what you get used to , if you play a lot of characters a lot , you will have an easier time understanding what you really like the most , for me it is long combos and not having slow walkspeed . 
  yea they do , people just assume you are stupid because they lower their intelligence standard on the internet so everything is literal, 
  poison too, 
  i think comcast is a bad company, 
  neutral , cancelling oni s st. lk can be hard since it 's fast . 
  keep training, 
  burden of knowledge, 
  clarity, 
  he and diana both have a skillshot , instead of dial up qre combo, 
  in skins that have bigger boobs, 
  notears, 
  do it slowly until you train enough . 
  might take a while , but it will happen if you practice . 
  the human eye can not see beyond 30 clarities at the same time, 
  i play a sagat regularly and i think you try to approach him way too '' gimmicky '' . 
  most of the time you are tatsuing to get close , which is free damage if the sagat starts to dp it or just presses hk . 
  ex slash is a waste of meter unless its a read that has the risk/reward in your favor and will win you the game , and even then it 's not something you should depend on when you fight fireball characters . 
  sagat loses the game if oni gets him in the corner and keeps him there . 
  you need to be patient , and not focus a a lot since tiger knee is safe and breaks armor at a distance . 
  play patiently , throw out normals to whiffpunish or to catch tiger knees if the sagat likes to do that . 
  this matchup is hard until you get him in the corner . 
  you get him to the corner using your superior walkspeed . 
  i think you should also work on your frametraps and combos , i saw most of the time you could get a bit more damage . 
  he teched so many times , most of the time you did n't even try to mix in throws to see if he does it , nor frametrap to see if he got hit . 
  a ch on oni is easy 400 + damage and a big corner carry . 
  u1 is objectively better , gives you 400 + damage from a reversal , has the ability to punish jumps for 375 damage from an airdash cancel and does better damage in combos . 
  u2 has just a retarded motion to start with , and not to mention it will fail to get into the animation if you do it too early , and if you do it too late they will teleport behind you or just block it . 
  the only thing it has for it is the f.hp xx rfc , ultra as a punish/poke and the ability to combo meterless from more things , but you could combo on the same things with ex dp fadc now . 
  check recent omh videos, 
  no , i mean if it does the bfly always look so dark compared to every other blue steel variant . 
  just look at this , there is barely any blue visible , it 's just dark as hell, 
  it 's not black , but it is dark compared to [ this ] ( http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/577891477814433759/7b58caa5fba4334ebc720a6415002fe5a4ec5606/ ), 
  never seen swedes who do this , i only see russians with this, 
  thanb u spubo : ddddddd, 
  but he dindu nuffin, 
  link please . 
  i 'm new to this , is there an article or something i can read about cancelling reloads and resetting recoil like this ? 
  like in what 's faster, 
  zed can use them vs ad, 
  also viable on azir, 
  not really , have you seen the bug list sticky in dev forums ? 
  it 's fucking gigantic, 
  why ? 
  i saw most people playing on lower resolution than 1080 too , why ? 
  is it just lower resolution or a specific aspect ratio that 's best ? 
  [ turn down you say ? 
  never heard about this but i 'll give it a try , thanks a lot !, 
  not only you , i just stopped playing the game after i invested over 2k hours and a lot of money because it is just flat out boring . 
  pick carries and the game will drag out regardless of how much you push , because it 's insanely hard to push highground . 
  every game i played after that patch was at least 40 minutes . 
  to add to this , is there a difference between releasing a and then pressing d , than holding a , pressing d , releasing a in terms of the point of perfect accuracy while strafing ? 
  thanks for the answer, 
  it 's quite possible that it is stained , i honestly have no idea , but my teacher was very good when it came to this stuff so i may be wrong when i said painted , is there a way i can check if it 's paint or stain ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  looks like it 's stained already so i 'll just do what you wrote, 
  can something happen if i apply oil when there are still spots with excess stain ? 
  to do this , you would need to make the cs : go community do '' the diretide '', 
  nice !, 
  although i think the orange stattrak ruins the blue so i just prefer skins without it, 
  still jelly , those must be worth a bit , when i was shopping for blue skins even the non statrak were not cheap except a few . 
  shame there are no true blue knives, 
  it does n't matter , it 's le your mom joke xddd, 
  you most likely do n't press all 3 buttons at the same time , you plink 2 into 3 and the game thinks you did an ex dp first . 
  in that case , you are right , you most likely do n't have a shortcut on the teleport , so that 's why you get a dp, 
  i just want a blue butterfly knife :(, 
  can happen , the thunder awp has garbage texture regardless of your quality, 
  is there a compilation of all knowns grenade spots somewhere ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  pretty sure that was the point of the guilds, 
  her defence scales with offensive stats ... 
  get a plugin/extension that blocks youtube comments like herp derp youtube , and i personally use in addition to that alientube , shows all reddit threads that link to that video and allows you to read reddit instead . 
  i think it 's just thick, 
  most awp skins would be 10x better if they actually did anything with the scope or the upper parts like asiimov or this one does, 
  you have something against the best awp skin ? 
  is this game even alive at this point ? 
  the pvp had so much potential, 
  so my psu and gpu just died and i 'm out of the loop .
