  just because you picked bat does n't mean that mid is won . 
  he is the best pusher . 
  best . 
   it costs $ 400,000 to ~ ~ fire this hook ... ~ ~ buy this arcana item for twelve seconds . 
  his ward allows his whole team to go highground and siege early due to its insane damage and mana reg penalty , not to mention he can safely come every few seconds close to the tower blast it and go back and bam , he did 100 dmg to any building it hit and possibly cleared a whole freaking wave with 1 spell , repeat until ancient is down . 
  ixdl ? 
  if that 's the case , you should already have it, 
  i do n't blame him . 
  the only heroes that can get it are timber , storm and leshrac . 
  please do n't ever build it on pugna , dp or necro . 
  why would you get a static mana regeneration item on the hero with biggest int growth in the game . 
  please for the love of god do n't max orb every game , maxing silence killed the enemy qop or mid heroes so many times , if you play against spell heavy enemies , get more points in silence . 
  just because pros do n't do that is n't an excuse to not think for yourself . 
  after 600 intercourses, 
  just found out about hs camos , were it long until you got yours ? 
  the blue one looks sick, 
  after 4 boxes i got an orange one but i do n't like orange . 
  you mean reports , right ? 
  if he said that i did n't call ss it 's obvious that he is abusing the chat function and the next thing he will say is that he fucked my mom so i should definitely report this guy . 
  enemy bought sentries when your ally plays gondar, 
  '' fucking tryhards go play tmm '', 
  playguuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  kinda hard when mana burn has insane cooldown and you ca n't even cast it twice at lvl 1 . 
  i know disruption only works when wisp is relocating and not coming back . 
  max sticky and i like to get 1 in flamebreak and firefly and decide what do i need , you should get 2 points in them though , their damage doubles from lvl 1 to lvl 2 so it 's just preference , after that i generally max flamebreak . 
  thank god people like you have no effect on balance , unlike lol . 
  - abraham lincoln, 
  kill secured . 
  this, 
  working as intended . 
  dying to neutrals gives money to nearby enemy heroes, 
  edit : looks like reddit is n't familiar with the reddiquette :, 
  ** use an `` innocent until proven guilty '' mentality . 
  and thanks to / u/ggpgg for providing proof , was on my phone . 
  good written but bottle is amazing on gondar . 
  he needs burst mana regeneration and soul ring will kill him . 
  even though you wo n't get many runes , it 's great for roaming . 
  bh @ lvl 6 has insane manacosts for track and shuriken , if you drop a combo , you have to go back to base unless you have some regen ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ bottle, 
  338 base mana , shuriken costs 135 and track 70 @ lvl 6 , you can shadow walk twice and drop your combo with being 38 mana left , that 's not much, 
  5mandoto only doto, 
  i was talking about armor camo , no combination of black armor and blue fabric , or vice versa . 
  hs blue is purple . 
  funny as it is , it 's illegal and he can sue you for it . 
  even they hate russians though, 
  sven swords  bugs, 
  you stirred the hivemind , noone shall insult the glorious hard working valve !, 
  most companies would focus on bugs and porting , not some cash grabing cosmetics . 
  i see more additions to the workshop each patch than serious bugs being fixed . 
  skywrath was 1st pick back then , with gambler . 
  nyx on a nyx . 
  i did check it , although it said that wd-40 is n't recommended but the people who sold me the keyboard said that i should use it , so i would like to hear some opinions . 
  well , there went it . 
  i thought noone would reply so i did apply it anyways . 
  thanks . 
  sorry for bothering but would you mind linking me one guide ? 
  i ca n't find anything except guides on taking the whole keyboard apart or cleaning it . 
  my deepest thanks !, 
  works as intended, 
  then you are not in the higher brackets . 
  just found out i got a plate mounted cherry mx switches , is the only way to open them to desolder them from the plate after opening it ? 
  i am really wondering if i should send it back and get a new one instead since opening it will make hole in the '' do not remove o.k. '', 
  sticker . 
  it 's impossible to open the switch as the plate makes the little '' teeth '' that connect both parts unable to be bent , http://imgur.com/a/yhahf#16, 
  the plate gives no space to give to let those things to be bent ( i may be wrong i did n't try full force due to being afraid of breaking things ) , so i wondered if there is something i could pour into the switches and thereafter let it dry to '' unsticky '' them . 
  it 's an excuse , however it 's not a valid one . 
  he still has shit stat gain though , and pounce is still bugged in a lot of ways , it almost never keeps a guy in the leash . 
  look at od , people take orb lvl one and max it with aura taking imprisonment at level 10 , as the most common build . 
  statistics are not accurate . 
  bad players are the biggest part of the statistic sample , it 's really not a good way to measure hero 's capabilities . 
  very high is really ... a skillwise * diverse * part of the players , i would refrain from using it until valve releases a more precise player and/or game tagging system . 
  in vh people know their stuff , but they vary from not knowing most of the stuff to knowing all of the stuff . 
  as for the winrate , i guess it 's just underestmation and stigma that he is a shit hero . 
  he is fine in his current state , people still bitch about him because they are still in the time frame when teams did n't knew how to play against a pl . 
  and forgets about giving it back . 
  if he is so farmed that he can push 2 lanes at once , and you ca n't stop it , you fucked up waaaay before that . 
   and if you manage to catch him , it takes 2-3 of your team to kill him . 
  do you really expect one support to just go head first against and kill a freaking carry that kills anyone without cleave and aoe by pressing two buttons ? 
  unless you are the mid hero and really farmed there is no real point of using 1v1s as argument . 
  dat extra coil duration , got ta rush it . 
  puck has one of the worst aghs upgrades in the game , i really wonder if icefrog plans to make all agh upgrades actually viable . 
  edit : plans, 
  that 0-8 would be really interesting to see . 
  boots and diffusal , pl has a really bad str growth and i ca n't imagine him being a monstriosity with 900 hp . 
  ( he has 912 base hp @ lvl 14 without stats or items ), 
  however pl is actually an antimage on steroids , he gets 6slotted with all the top items really fast in the lategame , but he is actually really bad in teamfights if the game goes beyond that unless he gets a sheep or a bkb . 
  super lategame , is when supports have sheepsticks and one milimeter too close you will get chainstunned to oblivion and make you lose the game . 
  he has an aggressive defence mechanism though , when he attacked enough times you wo n't know which one is real , that 's why you need to get him without his army . 
  a faceless void gives no fucks with 6 items as he can kill anyone , literally any carry in the game except possibly spectre with his chrono , but i still think he can do it with 6 top tier items/5 + bkb . 
  he is good at splitpushing super-lategame because it 's the only way he can win the game by then . 
  he peaks off really fast . 
  he is a tricky hero to balance as he is really unique and you need to think not from the outside but from the inside , what makes this hero bad and make it be good enough to let him be counterable . 
  why not both ? 
  kotl + axe lane . 
  would like to see linkens getting shuffled back in the deck as it is a recharging ability . 
  if it was wow related it would turn into a sheep , polymorph turns enemies into a sheep . 
  and make it be shuffled back after cast . 
  yea , i know sorceress had polymorph too but he was referencing to wow so i did aswell . 
  they want the d, 
  f ' ( art ) = art, 
  edit : art = e ^ x confirmed .
