  track people and kill them , ez money . 
  some day , the allknowing icefrog will punish him with rightful judgment and we will all see his suffering . 
  you have to hook him , it 's not '' just press q and he will magically appear even though you have no skill '', 
  you pick brood if you know you will lose so that the enemy team gets +200 gpm and end the game faster . 
  that wo n't take much time . 
  did n't read lol, 
  easiest game of my life, 
  at first i thought he said '' sucks ass '', 
  tbh if you ca n't contest him and have enough exp to roam you should roam other lanes , if anyone is in his lane by himself the person just feeds int to him . 
  also viable on slamshaker to make sure his ench tot drops slams hard . 
  but dat precious w/l ratio, 
  came for the lol vs dota comments, 
  was not disappointed, 
  tiny + troll is the dota recreation of the end of the universe . 
  with a spoon . 
  1 ) do n't do stupid shit that have more than 10 % chance to get you dead . 
  3 ) if the enemy is bad ( pubs ) and you can farm , carry tps to support other lanes . 
  4 ) if you ca n't leave your lane or do n't have to and it 's empty , push it . 
  5 ) get items that your team needs against your enemy . 
  dota_range_display 1200 is really good, 
  dota_disable_range_finder 0 is also really good, 
  you have to understand that you are not a killing machine or have any chance on a kill until you have entangle , before that you should be playing really carefully and focus only on lasthits . 
  you generally want to attack with the bear at the same time as the hero or if you are good you can stand far away and lasthit only with the bear . 
  this gives 0 information about your actual skill level though , even valve said that . 
  i would n't bother about the entire topic until valve oficially realeases some kind of skill evaluation, 
  i can find you loads of bfury bhs , solo offlane slardars and people fighting over mid lane in the ultimate skill level '' very high '' . 
  valve said on dev forums that the replay brackets do n't say anything about individual skill . 
  lol , talk about judging people , yea i 'm totally '' normal '' . 
  people who thinks those brackets tell anything are the ones who are bad . 
  storms mana is untouched , he is invurneable . 
  who cares about bugs , it 's the money that 's important, 
  i play carry , i am automatically cooler than everyone else because carries kill people even though i fucked my team because i ca n't las hit , it 's their fault . 
  no offense nice work but i would like for creators to actually make sets for heroes that are useful/popular , we already have like 2 mythical mirana sets already . 
  it 's ** g ** amburgers, 
  raep by a spoon by the dota community , one by one . 
  this person is a woman , noone else can name such colors . 
  challenge accepted !, 
  if it 's an enemy , 360 degrees, 
  if it 's you , 0,0001 degrees . 
  still better than work at mc, 
  inb4 people downvoting this comment to make them feel better after someone told the truth . 
  from what i see , people on reddit talk a lot , do little . 
  exceptions exist . 
  tbh , they are horrible casters , they have some nice things like interviews though . 
  sorry , but is this some kind of reference ? 
  or purely non-connected to anything ? 
  im sure valve can just publish replays after the games are done without streaming it live . 
  ` murica, 
  watching the game live only makes you eliglible for drops , they can make a '' live '' delayed stream ingame which will make drops available in this cast and replay would be available after that . 
  a simple delay on everything should suffice . 
  yes a replay with spectators , chat and loot being distributed as you watch . 
  you forgot to add that evelynn was shit , literally shit for a year or so , after massive qq posting because '' how do you counter invi wtf riot so broken '' they balance the game from the noob stage , drow and riki would be removed if it was the case here . 
  dota , the game of exceptions, 
  i just quit the game . 
  really , i was mixing my bar with some attachments , 1day rentals , trying something new every day , logged and saw 800 prices . 
  i was like wtf , my gp was 0 so i thought my game glitched , restarted and never turned that shit on again . 
  how is wall against a high attribute hero bad ? 
  i get od but not sile, 
  i still do n't see an illusion of silencer with a lot of int as something totally awful . 
  happened to me , restart and it is fixed, 
  this was very helpful !, 
  thanks !, 
  so the glory days of 4gate are over i guess . 
  are mutas still an issue ? 
  i recall i quit because mutas won pvz without any sort of '' skill '', 
  i played single so i am familiar with viper and swarmhosts . 
  thanks again, 
  since you are obviously better what would you recommend to be better again , pure mechanics and ignore builds or pick out one build for each matchup , remember it and execute it while trying to keep up my mechanics ? 
  true , its real name is bullshit . 
  nope , but an enemy void with 100 hp once backtracked sniper and zeus ulti with mom on , i was mad . 
  that 's the only thing , 60 dmg and regen is still nice , i kinda can see it on weaver , but definitely not mirana . 
  same , we were 1 down , our cap had a dc . 
  we got nyx . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ won, 
  send an inspection crew to his house of course , paid by valve . 
  how stupid do you have to be to not do such things ? 
  and that 's why icefrog is balancing the game and not people like you . 
  i think rewards for successfull reports are something that valve can do in the future , like titles or something like that . 
  could encourage the community to sort out the filth . 
  the magic unicorn of justice appears and tells you that it does n't care . 
  nothing you can do then . 
  yea , it 's not like i tried to be a refugee in the us servers to hide from russians and got this instead , nope , not at all . 
  ahhh , guild wars , the nostalgia . 
  there are almost none good looking towns in poland . 
  tbh , there are loads of things we would actually hear from valve regarding things ingame , like possible unintentional bugs , i doubt they are afraid of retards . 
  cykas do n't help you either way . 
  i learn new words every day, 
  how retarded are you ? 
  [ get over here ] ( http://www.dota2wiki.com/images/3/38/pud_ability_hook_04.mp3 ), 
  because everyone who does n't have 55 % winrate in pubs is trash , thanks for your insight . 
  edit : forgot people have no idea what sarcasm is . 
  just because he can do damage while being ganked does n't mean he ca n't die . 
  in that case sf is ungankable as he can duo-tripleraze anyone coming to him . 
  first world dota problems, 
  od+n ecro + sd+s kywrath + pugna is the pain . 
  if you 're stupid , yes . 
  jungle creeps not sleeping @ night . 
  checkmate atheists . 
  gg no re, 
  picking imba heroes does not guarantee a win .
