  to be honest , i personally indirectly caused damage to the board , so i ca n't really blame the item itself . 
  however since it is my first and only mech keyboard , i have nothing to compare to . 
  i did n't quit lol to see `` gg surrender 15 '' after a first blood again . 
  thanks for sharing your experience . 
  i always sell my bf for a hex on am lategame , especially vs a pl, 
  yes, 
  to be honest , i 've got money for it , and the only thing i planned to do with the money is to buy myself a telescope , my pc is good enough to play the games i like now , but still it 's a lot of money . 
  so i really want to hear what people can say here . 
  oni can apparently do it too off fadc m.tatsu, 
  i would suggest 2 skills , one that only targets units , and the other only stones with shared cd, 
  the keycap coloring is amazing , you got my jelly . 
  i am typing on blues and to be honest , as long as you do n't have roommates/need to be quiet , you ca n't go wrong with those . 
  each click makes you enjoy typing . 
  sadly none . 
  i have only touched blues in my whole life , no regrets yet . 
  was the tea sweetened by sugar or honey ? 
  my filco got tea over it too , but the only damage it received is some sticky keys , so i wonder if this bath may help me . 
  you can hear those spells only when you play invoker yourself , and only when you cast the mentioned spell . 
  did he died ? 
  maybe he should n't throw a fit whenever someone disagrees with him then . 
  how is that in any point relevant to what i said, 
  yes , that 's what he exactly blows on . 
  he gets really rustled when he reads that there is a normal human being disagreeing about something he does in his video so he starts ranting how it 's my show i can do what i want you are wrong stop watching oh god why is my fanbase so stupid that 's why i do n't talk to you guys . 
   he just has far less tolerance ( which is why i like him ) of the average idiot . 
  aka anyone who does n't share his opinion . 
  maybe if he tried to understand the `` idiot 's '' point instead of making 5 arguments to prove why the person is an `` idiot '' , he would be a less of a pompous idiot himself, 
  kill everyone, 
   so it 's impossible to deincentivize or stop those commenters from commenting ? 
  sorry to tell you , but we do n't live in a world where every single dream comes true . 
  to not get bad apples , you need to not have an apple orchard . 
  even then , washing a rotting apple wo n't help much . 
  you ca n't force people to act rational because we live in a modern society where your bad traits wo n't get you killed due to laws and other things . 
  i do n't see any other way than growing a thick skin then . 
  you ca n't make those people disappear . 
  steam id : http://steamcommunity.com/id/kubelecer, 
  server : eu/use, 
  availability : 1-2 hours from now, 
  other information i 'm farily new to this , would like some guidelines if anyone decides do party . 
  soundtrack is amazing doe, 
  spotify has most if not all of his works aswell, 
  i feel the skill needed to be at the same level as the charge player with a non-charge character is a lot higher , which in turn makes this a really frustrating matchup where you can lose to a few buttons in the whole game . 
  imo charge characters have lower skill cap and lower skill floor due to their balancing, 
  that 's why i always take u1 vs this fat bastard . 
  the cyrillic speaks for itself, 
  how can you have 3 trajectories ? 
  wo n't the heavier move take priority ? 
  lp + mp , mp + hp and lp + hp . 
  lycan and morph are fine atm . 
  they are not as good as they were , yes , but they are still viable . 
  skillshot no antifun allowed, 
  i 've recently discovered my hd598s are sounding bland compared to my samsung galaxy s2s stock headphones . 
  i am right now considering getting something that will improve my current sound and if i decide to get new headphones , those too . 
  the only thing i 've considering were fiio e10/e17 , but i really dont know any better . 
  i would prefer an external `` thing '' and i would like it to be less than $ 200 . 
  i am connecting them to my intergrated sound card . 
  i will try to test them with my phone . 
  so you are suggesting a new pair of headphones instead of an external amp ? 
  i am mostly listening to electro , house , d & b and anything that is n't metal if i am sick of listening to the same thing . 
  most likely a bot , i 've stopped playing ranked because of those . 
  having to wait 15 mins for the picking stage to end just to realize our captain is a bot and runs to their towers constantly does n't encourage me to play anymore especially when i see a lot of network problems anyways . 
  babyyy, 
  i do n't know about that . 
  oops , did n't catch that, 
  what do you do when you play against a lame character say guile , bison or chun ? 
  i 'm considering learning sim just to play those mus, 
  and make something about targeting stones/units when they 're close like f.ex a separate spell with shared cooldown that only targets rock in an aoe around the cursor while the other one targets units only , it 's so fucking hard to click on a stone when it 's on top of someone, 
  there are almost always eu people to find in the chat . 
  kens hadoukens that do n't even go fullscreen , the worst shakunetsu and lack of autopilot/tricky frametraps . 
  i would suggesting reading the title of the post again in that case . 
  how is actually being forced to think about throwing a fireball unlike some other chars non comprehensible ? 
  he has an uphill battle most of the time and any decent player will punish his gimmicks . 
  i too would love to spam cr.mk hado all day , but i guess capcom knows best, 
  what 's the typo ? 
  oni has exactly same hadoken frame data as ken , which was meant to show how bad they are, 
  that 's why i said they are like kens , but do n't go fullscreen . 
  his super , the thunder ending is really sweet , you can kara it from really far and when you combo into the air demon you get many swag points . 
  tatsu does n't do hard kd , stomp does . 
  oni has no real options on wakeup because he ca n't fadc his dp on block , he relies on the player being better in a lot of things than the opponent . 
  the air demon was more a read than reaction , you saw him buffer it before adon did anything . 
  still amazing, 
  eryu because damage, 
  * tips fedora to my fellow euphoric atheist, 
  i think since eryu flew a bit before going into the animation that he could 've avoided it . 
  not sure though . 
  it would be way better to just check his inputs as the demon was coming out to see what he did . 
  what 's the sp00ky music ? 
  you ca n't dispel buffs, 
  did you died ? 
  the fedora, 
  thanks, 
  sweep for both kicks and cr.hp for st.hk work for me as oni . 
  i do it with favorite but without cripple gambit . 
  berserker , swordsman x 2 and just run around for 40 seconds, 
  justice, 
  i do n't get your point . 
  if they randomly do air u1 , you can go make coffee , come back and he will still be recovering if it does n't hit . 
  it got some frames faster , so i guess people now think you can punish sonic booms with it . 
  onis best mus are against grapplers in my opinion , use your f.hk and f.hp if they are too close to fireball them . 
  the general gameplan is to run away and throw fireballs . 
  if you want to pressure them you need to know their habits and adapt to it .
