  i do n't know if it 's a perspective issue , but it 's really hard to aim those . 
  also soldiers seem to ignore my auto attack disable option and attack anything in range after summoning , causing me to miss cs because of his attack speed . 
  brain is kill, 
  seriously though , is this shit restricted to usa ? 
  i 've never heard or met so braindead people in the 3 countries i 've been for several years in each time . 
  i speak 3 and still cringe at that, 
  hetero i think, 
  poland ? 
  if it acts like a stone , noone besides es can target it , but i do n't know how it 's implemented, 
  quality comment , have an up vote . 
  if you have an advantage and you still fucked up , i see no reason for a bigger reward . 
  good , but it does n't seem like it matters when shitposting gets upvoted regardless, 
  do n't get nashors on him , you need good ap fast , the as is nice , but it 's better to hit for 500 and slow them than have 60 ap instead of infinite mana and mr, 
  i go 5 % masteries + cdr boots into athenes for a fast 40 % cdr cap , since he really needs his q to have a chance of keeping his dps up . 
  rylai is pretty much core for me , health and more kiting potential . 
  he should be built like an ap mage imo instead of some hybrid , he 'll attack fast enough with his passive so it 's better to make sure you hit hard , you do n't finish people up , you make them eat so much damage asap that your team does it for you . 
  his passive needs a buff , 1.5 or 1.75 as exchange ratio , i do n't know why they just do n't give him better as and remove that thing entirely , it 's just a lazy way to make a passive . 
  if it 's your cake why ca n't you eat it ? 
  illusions can only use feedback ,, 
  if by character specific you mean it does n't work on a few characters then yea . 
  it 's tc2 , oni has no far normals, 
  yea , i had huge problems to target the rock when putting a rock just on top of someone to get a quick stun off , current system is great in my opinion . 
  i think the only thing they should change right now is to make him walk when targeting a unit , but leave the ground click alone as it is, 
  but muh mom shadowblade sniper should 1v5 them with the gold advantage !, 
  he would lose a lot in that case , i tested him out vs bots and got obliterated because they know which one is you . 
  but you need to buy the champions first, 
  i agree , but in the end they have debatable model quality and way more things to make you spend money on . 
  you 're too slow in that case . 
  have you checked with your isp ? 
  i have the same problem and i wonder if it 's my isp or dota servers, 
  digging up the thread , i 'm in the same situation and i wonder if the two mods work together now, 
  capcom is on it, 
  report lycan no ganks, 
  do you use quickcast for literally everything like items and other heroes ' skills or just for earth spirit ? 
  ebola, 
  bloodseekers rupture afaik, 
  if the game would be in a good spot , you would n't need to redesign the map and items so often, 
  killed everything in sight with no remorse, 
  his as steroid was the one giving him 1 sec cd on each attack , so he would have his skills way ready way more often, 
  finally i can see how the matchup looks between very good players . 
  i still do n't think it 's fair that you get punished for jumping to avoid that stupid grab because he recovers so fast that he can just leg throw you immediately . 
  you should be able to punish mistakes regardless of skill , yasuo ca n't make such mistakes , because he can either kill you since you are close to him , or windwall and walk away, 
  no , it 's the nonexistent recovery on his `` risky '' specials . 
  he can tortilla you and while you jumped to avoid it he recovers for a guaranteed leg throw , not to mention ex leg throws recovery as a reversal, 
  where ? 
  would you mind telling me where you live ? 
  i live in an outskirt of civilisation and the people here are pretty much always happy to help and are n't afraid of talking , but that may be because that a lot of people here know eachother . 
  rock solid, 
  d , db , b and then one of the up directions depending on where you want to go . 
  he has a height restriction though so you have to wait a tiny bit before pressing punch . 
  brb , jumping from a bridge, 
  juggernaut attacks while ulting and will proc everything related to autoattacks . 
  amount of attacks depends on attackspeed , but it 's around 5 i think with decent agility and as . 
  someone made a graph with thresholds for x attacks . 
  source : http://www.playdota.com/forums/showthread.php?t=20966, 
  dae if one person pauses , the game will never start again ?? 
  you have a 30 second forced pause if the team that paused has a player that 's dc , so you get 5 pauses back to back if you get dicks on the enemy team that unpause , two and a half minute practical pause which does n't tick from the 5 minute timer . 
  also , you get the afkers gold and can sell his items for even more gold . 
  i 'm not going outside because i can get hit by a car , get aids or experience discomfort . 
  because their fixes have literally never had negative effects . 
  maybe if they did n't treat their playerbase like retarded children who need everything on a golden plate they would act different . 
  dota has a fair share of shitty server stories aswell , i for one stopped playing dota and came back to lol a month ago because i suddenly had unstable ping that would hold itself in the 100-130 range to the european servers located in stockholm , austria and germany . 
  i live in norway and had a decent 60-90 ping there before . 
  what is mute, 
  - riot, 
  changing the stance of the majority of the playerbase would be a good start . 
  seems a lot of people just quote riot mindlessly because they ca n't be wrong . 
  no miss, 
  i for one remember kassadins w to be completely shit because it had no synergy with his kit of ap nuker, 
  found it :, 
  active : kassadin gains 7/15/25 / 38/50 armor penetration for 5 seconds . 
  15 second cooldown . 
  activating this ability counts as a spell cast for the purposes of force pulse . 
  it 's triggering for him, 
  snails are fish , carrots are fruit, 
  he can cancel airdash into the ultra aswell , but that 's it i think, 
  wicked smaht, 
  definitely not , i mean if they did we would have the same lanes each game . 
  he can combo into it from 1 hit aa dps , air tatsus , nj.mp , airdash cancel , airhit on lk slash , airhit on grounded lk tatsu and electro fireballs . 
  it forces stand so it should and does hit crouching characters . 
  but le counterplay . 
  i really do n't see what 's wrong . 
  the site is very good in my opinion , you just look at the videos and see which one has the character you want . 
  the model to the right is idle and the same, 
  you want a kd into a meaty os for his back flip , he really ca n't do much after that , the ground game is hard but you can lock him down from 1 sweep . 
  to be honest , you can argue zed needs it . 
  agree on the rest though, 
  do n't work on kills ? 
  please tell me about the nonexistent reset skills/passives in lol, 
  you make frame traps while playing , so it depends where you see your opponent tech , but anything after b.mp and cr.mp is a frame trap . 
  the classic one is cr.lp wait a bit and then cr.hp into special, 
  hey , was digging a lot and could n't find an answer , the third option does n't work for me in multiplayer for some reason , i can press it but nothing happens . 
  it worked in singleplayer , but when i join my friends game it does n't work , but he says it works for him . 
  anyone else get this too ? 
  aliktea, 
  it 's on a crouching honda , really weird, 
  i only know orb walking as a dota term where you use your attack modifier skill to avoid aggro by using it as a spell . 
  most often , always really if you have a mouse , you cancel the afterswing of your aa by moving , so i guess it 's why aa cancelling in lol seems to be called orb walking, 
  we din do nuffin, 
  they were worse we do n't count,
