  sounds better . 
  because valve, 
  christmas ended yesterday in valve time . 
  they are tired, 
  if the enemy has an enigma and/or tidehunter and you have a versatile team , you need to send this guy mid . 
  without blink or forcestaff his ult wo n't steal ravage or bh , he really needs them . 
  prophet tip about wards ? 
  i agree its easy to steal bh before enigma gets blink but i doubt he will actually try to hit a bh without getting rubick in it later in the game . 
  true he does n't really need mid but he benefits from it greatly , that 's why i said if you have versatile team you could , but it really depends on the matchup . 
  why not both ? 
  yea but you play without rubick as well since he is not in range for anything . 
  i knew that , i just pointed out the typo . 
  a lot of factors come in , but in general if a fight is happening you are either contributing and putting yourself in danger or waiting for blackhole while you \u00b4 re hiding . 
  sounds like / r/comeonandslam material . 
  and pudge and clockwerk ones . 
  the same argument goes for nyx and yet he sees play . 
  aa , alch and od . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i 've lost only once with that trilane , soon it will be the imba strategy of the month . 
  it will always be viable on morphling until he gets a rework , he has insane synergy with this . 
   obsidian ~ ~ destroyer ~ ~ devourer, 
  ftfy, 
  blizzard wants the m. 
  in general if a hero is ethereal , you will do a bit more damage than what the tooltip says including normal resist . 
  drodo , a blue chicken on meth . 
  depends . 
  why are most russians assholes on the internet , mainly games ? 
  i 've already learned '' idi nahui , cyka , blyat '' and hear about how they fucked my mother 5 times a day . 
  shadow fiend is his secretary, 
  reddit balances dota 2 :, 
  phantom lancer is now removed from cm because he was imba . 
  magnus is removed from cm because imba, 
  am ca n't buy bfury because imba . 
  ta refraction charges will get depleted if they contact an oxygen atom and it gives her - damage . 
  bloodseeker ulti ministuns every 0.2 seconds if the target is n't moving and it damages through bkb . 
  for the love of god if i see your noob ass getting this on necro , lion or puck i will find where you live , make you eat shit since aghs is shit on those heroes and make you do calculus until you find the meaning of life . 
  you 're better off with a refresher . 
  source ? 
  is n't my opinion enough ? 
  heretic !, 
  everyone facepalms when they realize that smeevils were 50 % cheaper weeks ago and did n't get one . 
  i treat is as a midas on a 40 sec cd since it 1shots creepwaves . 
  no matter what the enemy is , an aghs at the 2nd night is devastating , noone is safe and no carry is even remotely useful by then so you can just rape towers and get rosh and kill everybody if they leave the base . 
  tell me how stupid do you have to be to actually think that 4200 gold is worth the bonus 175 damage and 25 mana reduction on lion . 
  same , i had an ef dog and could get all of them for it , now the dog isnt even worth the lockjaw . 
  fml, 
  by getting the balls to try a completely new hero , stomping with him and realizing his playstyle fits mine . 
  edit : also because i love teal and ods design , he was just waiting for me . 
  the answer is in permil . 
  i was referring to how ef couriers dropped to oblivion for no reason and ti2 couriers skyrocketed . 
  yes it gets amplified . 
  you wrote . '', 
  most of this subreddit '' wrong, 
  it is, 
  razor is so bad that any item is good on him . 
  to fix the lag after buying the items , go into the game options -  network and then turn off network quality , i had this myself . 
  generally you want to use your both spells before ulting so that you get most of the cooldowns and static field damage and maybe refreshing it if you have so much farm , his ult is devastating no matter when you use it but if you want to clean up with it you need to realize that some damage may go wasted which would maybe otherwise swung the battle to your favor . 
  love it , would prefer if the teal was more blueish but otherwise nice work . 
  i also hate it when you have a group of units selected and you press on another unit , you wo n't see the stats but the units you have selected , wtf . 
  i want to know if i can 1shot the guy with my ult and not to see that i have 2 illusions next to me . 
  just give it to lina, 
  most common is to actually ignore his heal and go stats instead . 
  i think he is just experienced with the mm since it is very weird when making '' even teams '', 
  i rush aghs after my bottle , urn and phase every game and it never failed . 
  maybe because i use it for ganking and forcing the enemy to stay inside their base and in that case careful positioning wo n't require bkb to stay alive . 
  this is n't lol where if you pick 1 '' champion '' you will win because he does x. 
  a carry will autowin the longer the game goes on against a team full of pushers , pushers will autowin against a weak earlygame team , etc. 
  i 'd say a fed mid ganker hero will autowin most pubs . 
  trademark of a russian . 
  bottle first #yolo . 
  i 'd say timbersaw is way more fun . 
  '' lol owned gb2lol scrub pro 360 noscope ss '', 
  you know too much . 
  you still have 0 armor . 
  moar hounds pls, 
  i would take a good morph over a good bloodseeker anyday . 
  you just wrote the feels of every broodmother player . 
  i have foreseen this . 
  * cough ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ naga ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ set ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ polycount, 
   ~ ~ you ~ ~ i sound like a little fat kid who did n't get a candy, 
  ftfy, 
  her ult still fucks him up . 
  guys we got ta gank weaver he has a midas !, 
  nah he is invisibre , dust useless we farm so we karry wit sk, 
  he has 24/0 !, 
  do n't question his skill level !, 
  in lategame with items his attacks deal significant damage even without orb , so it 's a bonus . 
  kill them . 
  ( obligatory slark and naga response ), 
   bow to your ~ ~ liege ~ ~ cactus !, 
  defeating a sandwich only makes it tastier . 
  do n't forget to do this while standing in the enemy fountain !, 
  you need the enemies ancients energy to make it work . 
  bet he gave him the magic words ... 
  oh , a perfect example of what nigma just said . 
  dendi theorycrafters saying how atos is an amazing item which should be nerfed because it makes you a better player no matter whom you get it on and it always works . 
  +40 gold, 
  * dammit *, 
  i have dignity and no matter how hard i would have it i would never act like a monkey which got it 's banana stolen just because of some pixels . 
  do n't forget evasion and mkb,
