  it depends on the weapon , as a sniper i like containment and evac the most as it is not a simple camping map due to many open paths for flanking and sniping . 
  i fell in love with the click sounds of blues when i bought my first keyboard and i never got tired of it . 
  pure satisfaction on each keypress . 
  i do n't think lighting is necessary unless you really need it , looks cool and all but you are n't supposed to stare at it anyway . 
  i do n't think we play the same dota . 
  america has freedom , europe does n't . 
  oh god , i ca n't believe people took this serious , i 'm not from america and this was just a '' funny '' joke how america is associated with '' freedom '', 
  there is a reason why that one is called '' immortal '', 
   i wish they did n't pick the coolest looking courier to be that limited . 
  i do n't like it so much, 
  where is your god now ? 
  nah , bro u r in trench l2p 5v1 +1 +1 +1 +1 is totally fair if u ca n't carry u r bad m8, 
  / s inb4 responses about how wrong i am, 
  it says that they will target the last attacked target ... 
  i came, 
  70 % that all of them will be in the new chest , 20 % that most and 10 % that none . 
  my guess, 
  necro has heal u dum fuk he support , go pull, 
  omg sylla wtf u cant lane gtfo to jungle noob, 
  naix u stupd fak l2p and go woods, 
  or they are masochistic and enjoy frustration and anger for 40 minutes while getting roflstomped in a videogame . 
  knowing me i would have fucked up to get ghostwalk there and i would get tornado anyways . 
  i see no practical benefit of having it on , at all . 
  the only build for zeus is chain -  static -  max bolt -  max static -  max chain . 
  puck shits on qop so hard @ equal skill that it 's not even interesting . 
  if skywrath wo n't take screams to the face its a really easy lane for him . 
  he needs full hp all the time or else he dies to bombo combo @ 6 without even a chance to silence, 
  i do n't know if pounce is finally fixed though , i heard it is supposed to disable blinks but it does n't last time i checked . 
  kyle !, 
  shit happens . 
  his ult was enigmas midnight pulse , damaged buildings and it was channeled , so nope . 
  people will say the opposite , but he is litterally the counter to na'ix . 
  he gives his whole team +16 armor , does massive physical burst and has a stun . 
  the reason this often fails is just because na'ix has way more farm and therefore people just think na'ix counters him . 
  because you die if you turn it on . 
  this item is really underpowered and has no place . 
  the only hero i would consider it core is sw , but even then a faster sheep is sometimes better . 
  this item sets you back 3.1 k gold , gives solid stats and a nice active , that 's it . 
  while the range is huge , it is n't a gamebreaker and gold spent on this item could either go into mystic staff or ulti orb and saving for other items . 
  it is simply in a place where it is n't viable . 
  if you get it early , your lategame items are delayed as hell . 
  if you get it late , it 's not effective for its price . 
  upvote then and do n't shitpost . 
  this contributes in no way , just as this comment explaining it . 
  there are better ones , i just pointed out a misunderstanding about sven vs na'ix, 
  so what you say is that if the game goes to late game and there is an od in the game , the game crashes ? 
  first game was awesome , even game with both teams cooperating . 
  proceeding 5 games were the worst games i 've played in 6 months . 
  now kiss . 
  depends if you want early vlads or not . 
  * professionals have standards . 
  purple ti4 . 
  i call it . 
  plot twist : the gap will be 1 million bigger . 
  enemies get full xp if you deny while they are imprisoned . 
  it was patched ages ago . 
  * cough * ^ ^ ^ ti2, 
  he 's a hypocrite , what can you do ? 
  if this was the thinking of every human in history , i would write this comment on an istone 200 . 
  if you want to manfight huskar without necessarry resources you deserve to choke on his massive dick . 
  a diffussal counters omni hard and people throwing nukes at max hp huskar make the funniest big plays . 
  visage 's micro is laughable , you just hide the familiars until it 's safe to attack with them , hell you can play visage without his ult at low levels . 
  i can banish it !, 
  maybe he would be picked if that was the case . 
  people build omlette because it 's bugged and gives stats it should n't give . 
  and splitpush , people saying radi is bad on pl never saw a radi/midas/heart / diffu pl in 25 minutes . 
  playguuuuu, 
  is n't it what lol already is ? 
  yea , the scene with na'vi as their top team . 
  actually it should be ( 0.25 ) ( 1.4 ) since it increases damage by 140 % from 100 %, 
  yea if you plan on working in mc . 
  oh wait , you actually use it there too . 
  even better : instantly kills the target . 
  goes through magic immunity . 
  edit : branch upgrade : resets cooldown on a kill . 
  not on reddit . 
  still isnt working for me . 
  have 4 total drops when i spent loads of money . 
  50 % of total is standard per game, 
  step 2 : convice those retarded nuggets to play with you again so that you can teach those fucking noobs how to play . 
  i 'm friendly after all . 
  will we ever know ? 
  is the black camo for armor or weapons ? 
  op in lol is fucking lightyears ahead of op in dota , and they only nerf heroes if the community qqs enough . 
  eve was a hero with an invi . 
  she was literally 10x worse than bloodseeker when enough crying posts about invi op no detection immortal hero wtf riot were made . 
  they fixed her though , 2 years later after 5 rounds of promises . 
  \\ #curefortinker 2013, 
  there is no hero that can stun an area larger than the screen . 
  if only there were spells that go through bkb , hmmmmm . 
  manta imba illusions take 300 % dmg and do low dmg wtf icefraud . 
  i played before all the s-shit . 
  she was shit and if you never played back then , too bad . 
  omg a hero is op with items , better nerf the hero . 
  not to mention that literally every hero in lol can go tank and still kill people . 
  well , i understand but i just ca n't make myself believe that we will know what happened in planck era or things about black holes . 
  but then , our ancestors probably thought the same about what we have today . 
  press 3 for kappa, 
  but it 's pizza !, 
  better that than no pizza .
