  that 's what you get for playing the stupid fagget . 
  my intellect ca n't comprehend russian logic and grammar . 
  gilette ? 
  he tries too hard to not use common sense . 
  not really . 
  the hardest ones are the ones with the abysmal damage and not the longest backswing . 
  i think you mean 5 aps, 
  every one of them will die one day . 
  his fanbase share the same trait as tb does , they ca n't handle criticism or being wrong . 
  your mom sucks you poo, 
  items have no cast time, 
  and then the whole reddit community says how wonderful this item is and how it should be core on every hero because they obviously tested it on them and know that you ca n't go wrong with it . 
  ip-block all russians and brazilians and make them play only amongst or against eachother . 
  does lich have a dubstep song dedicated to him ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  horribly retarded matchmaking system . 
  what is slower ? 
  prepare for the whiteknights , brave man !, 
  they will purify your dark and sinister thoughts with fake reality !, 
  you ca n't go wrong with armlet , bkb and treads . 
  anything else is just situational . 
  oh look , you did n't get downvoted even though if anyone else wrote that they would be hung and be replied with : '' they are at your skill level l2p . '', 
  i have never experienced a game where armlet as my first item after boots was the wrong choice , it is just great . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
  32 int . 
  hold on brave hero !, 
  you forgot your cape !, 
  logic is frowned upon , mate . 
  i am just showing the effects of being '' more than average '' in this sub . 
  a lot of comments like yours get downvoted for being true and not being posted by someone '' important '' . 
  i myself hate the matchmaking and how it forces random stacks to play against a 5-man . 
  i have foreseen that your ancient would die , but i could n't tell you beforehand . 
  yea , i also was kinda sad when dr. kleiner came out because that would mean that they would n't do a tinker one which i would prefer since i did n't play hl . 
  the ultimate counter to cis players !, 
  you wo n't last long with a true statement here , you will be outnumbered . 
  console pings are generally way higher than what the - ping tells you which i feel is more precise . 
  '' the pros do that '' is not a valid argument for anything , it makes you look stupid and unable to make your own decisions . 
  this is purely a subjective matter as having it on the setting you are n't familiar with will most likely make you fail on lasthits , juking etc. 
  oh tell me how great of a player you are chrimewave !, 
  oh right , because when i turn the auto attack off the attack command suddenly disappears from the game and i ca n't press a and then left click to amove , : / thanks for clarifiaction . 
  i do n't care , i dont like when my hero has adhd and ca n't stand still without spamming s. 
  it worked for me when i turned the internet quality setting off . 
  gold is a great conductor !, 
  a pubstomp hero , can do a lot on his own but he is terrifying if he has teamplay behind him . 
  also , jugg ward , mostly you pop it in trouble and then you have to set bindings for it . 
  tell him that he embarasses russians in terms of behaviour , that will shut him up . 
  i love her personality . 
  settings -  game -  network, 
  i want you to give more constructive feedback , oh wait . 
  or make desolate only count heroes as valid targets to not proc the extra pure dmg . 
  mom basher shadowblade new meta . 
  what ??? 
  the dota balance is obviously made from 1v1 only scenario . 
  bkb will dispel it though . 
  also morbid mask, 
  treant mjollnir mom basher ? 
  so brave and true . 
  too humanlike , dat neck and his horns are too small . 
  make disable help also disable courier for that person if you placed it . 
  jesus i have seen so many retards pulling the courier @ 2 minutes for a magic wand or wraithband recipe . 
  he is still destroyer wtf icefraud omg valve gon na get sued play while you can !, 
  the omen is the blizzard suing valve for using the word destroyer !, 
  good at a lot of things , excels as none . 
  i find him a great offlaner though , i managed to get doubles at lvl 3 if they went on me , but that is pub experience , he is like weaver : if played smart he can kill and escape 1v2, 
  i doubt clock would survive that . 
  it 's good for like 1 minute , then it 's shit tier item . 
  starcraft timing push = dota hero power peak, 
  idra anyone ? 
  obviously you never had a glaring picture of ams glorious chest in the portait , he lifts . 
  another post ? 
  really ? 
  if you want to learn just read guides , watch purges ' videos and play . 
  euls : how to troll void . 
  weaver hardly survives 1 stun and you talk about a scenario when he is frozen for 5 seconds and is still alive ? 
  yes . 
  i think it 's decided how they stack , multivilityili or addititvtitli . 
  english hard . 
  i 'm still afraid to preview my greevil as it crashed the game all the times i tried , even after frostivus . 
  do n't forget tits , kids love tits . 
  says the am, 
  what is the best color ?!, 
  what is the best food ?!, 
  decisions , decisions . 
  try to go to a pc store and see if they can let you touch and get a grip of their mice and choose what fits you . 
  he is a protoss . 
  neural parasite , gg no re . 
  global march and tinkers rearm should make him able to make his own items so all items would cost 0 gold . 
  guys he has diamond dbr , your arguments are invalid !, 
  he knows his shit . 
  huskar next level mid hero, 
  does he mean nyx ? 
  also known as the ru method . 
  keep telling me russians are civilized . 
  thor *, 
  you get linkens to counter single target shit that will kill you , if they got aoe cc instead , do n't get it . 
  bet he is the same guy who complains about vacuum and telekinesis putting people on cliffs . 
  i just see one meepo in base and a korean player swapping all meepos when they get low like an elevator . 
  another od set ? 
  why do they put two in the game files if the one which has been there for some weeks is n't even heard of ? 
  rip , used to be my favorite hero until he became shit , he is decent at max now .
