  also, 
   being proud of mass rape and death, 
  \\ #justcykathings, 
  put him on a pizza first, 
  you can always test yourself, 
  good job on circlejerking the skins , who cares about low priority queue , best art ever xddddddd, 
  unidan ? 
  riot is an indie company !, 
  they barely launched the game . 
  stop being so entitled, 
  anything with the wizards was hilarious, 
  i also liked the books about death, 
  what you need to do is open it up . 
  you most likely spilled something in it and there 's some sticky shit around it . 
  i had exactly the same thing . 
  open it , clean it . 
  i press the buttons at the right time . 
  i personally always use my middle finger for medium buttons and point for light ones , so i have my middle finger just below my point finger , tap it and then tatsu with my thumb . 
  you should try what fits you though . 
  no problem , just try to keep your inputs clean . 
  if you want to have solid execution you will need to grind the training room . 
  just dedicate yourself to getting better execution and if that 's too boring , switch to ryu or someone who does n't need hard combos . 
  you can make some sets for yourself to do each day , like 10 hadokens in a row on each side , then 10 dps , then slash fadc , etc. 
  before you leave training mode, 
  yeah , the game thinks you can combo cr.hp from cr.lp on e.ryu with smooth framerate on . 
  draven is without a doubt more difficult , since you lose a huge amount of damage if you move in the wrong direction just for a split second, 
  it works , but wo n't win you the fight . 
  not worth it imo , he does n't really benefit from mashing w until oom , he has more than enough mana to sustain himself for a fight or two . 
  he can survive a lot with morph, 
  otherwise yeah , mirana , weaver , luna and drow are pretty paper without items, 
  the 30 sec timer only exists if there is a disconnected player in the game , otherwise it 's like 2 seconds . 
  also 1 pause per player per something like 10 minutes i think, 
  like voice chat ... 
  to be honest , that argument is really specific . 
  if you got a late game beast , you can literally 1v5 the game with the extra gold from your dc 'd allies and if you do n't have one , then you pretty much lost . 
  it 's a bug , it worked, 
  the only reason to smurf is to play with your worse friends , most of the time it 's just people who are in low prio on their main account . 
  how do you get that small log at the bottom ? 
  i always see it when i 'm starting but it disappears immediately . 
  know when he is + and try to find some patterns . 
  if you see him making a long enough gap for you to press something , try it and see what he does . 
  i think it 's just the fact that he can either play the good ground game , or completely avoid it with his specials, 
  just like in real life, 
  yeah , just check the street fighter 4 character sheets . 
  this monster is supposedly 2,24 m and weighs only 78 kg, 
  info :, 
  zangief : http://i83.photobucket.com/albums/j304/arsenalmgf/zangief-sagat.jpg, 
  info :, 
  yes , the button that is supposed to come out twice is hit first , and then followed up with a button of lower priority , which goes lp  lk  mp  mk  hp  hk i think , which explains why you do the right button first , as they have higher priority , so they have to be followed up with a button from the left side, 
  urge is indeed yellow, 
  maybe , it depends how much you kill them, 
  yes , it requires 1 stability and costs 200 diplo points for polan, 
  both are words , skurwysyn is basically son of a bitch and i have no idea how to translate skurwiel . 
  maybe fucker ? 
  because he does n't have mobility, 
  evo was won with a ps1 or 2 pad, 
  airdash ultra to finish the round , people get so desperate . 
  gibe lw\u00f3w polish clay, 
  makoto if you want to press buttons , i think most of her combos are cancels too, 
  technology is n't there yet, 
  it had a closed beta , now it 's open, 
   back throw , forward hp , jump in hk, 
  3 frame safe jump , however has strict timing . 
  you have to do j.hk very late , if you do it too early they 'll anti air you . 
  can someon tell me the technical reason behind this ? 
  like how does the moment of the air normal affect your setup ? 
  you do n't change your arc nor the landing frames, 
  i would also say that this game has incredible atmosphere and just looks amazing , makes you feel like great just by playing . 
  nevermind , my question was stupid, 
  that should ' t work , you would get hp if you hit it too early , and you did get hp sometimes . 
  you were just lucky . 
  when it '' did work '' it still did n't work , you just got that link right . 
  i see no way that the 3p button overrides button priority, 
  are you the one to decide that ? 
  sometimes you have to use cr.hp though , it 's for when he is right above you and your dp will whiff . 
  what ? 
  guess kens kara dp and sagats kara everything are glitches too, 
  nor from grapplers ground ultras , what 's your point ? 
  it 's a 0 frame grab that can be kara 'd, 
  yeah , he should 've gone to the suicide store for the suicide pills, 
  yeah , but what about the 20 % cdr you lose ? 
  i do n't think its possible for azir to play with 20 % cdr lategame . 
  i really want this to work since azir has mana problems , but how are you supposed to deal with the lost cdr ? 
  if you use runes , you will have 60 % until you sell it , it is pretty overkill, 
  he has good earlygame if you get crits on the enemy, 
  i transferred to eune from euw about a week ago , and it 's fucking horrible , i 'm gold and if it was n't for my friend who is playing here , i would buy rp and transfer back . 
  the server is full of mid mid mid mid players , who chat to swear , it 's the first and not the only one time i have seen a troll after 6 months . 
  i really hope it gets better if i get higher mmr , but as of right now , even normals are cancer , forget about playing mid or top , because atleast 3 other players want those roles too . 
  you forgot '' toxic '' '' anti-fun '' and '' burden of knowledge '' in your retarded statement, 
  learn to blink poof , get tanky , play like a total pussy if they have tiny/nyx or other aoe stuns/magic damage . 
  how 's the math on damage loss from the -15 mpen , do you know ? 
  yeah , it does n't help that riot pretty much ignores scripters and other things in general from what i 've read here on eune . 
  i have n't experienced much of non-english stuff though . 
  i see a lot of polish nicks , but they speak english . 
  damn , thanks a lot for your time , but i got a question regarding the first graph , is the y axis right ? 
  i have a problem understanding the functions and their correlation with the y axis, 
  is the blue one how 15 mpen affects your damage output when you sell your sorcs or when you have them ? 
  expected quite more on some characters to be honest . 
  servers wo n't handle it , maybe when technology is there, 
  no because riot is an indie company with 10 developers living on ramen that depend on welfare,
