  would n't that mean it will hit first as long as the opponent is in range ? 
  i 've got a friend i play with and i wonder if i could counterultra his rose u1 as it has a semi-projectile effect to it . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  should i skip the last jab if i did n't start the combo directly next to the enemy to make sure tc2 hits or will it always hit with 3 lights ? 
  / r/askscience, 
  we are all stardust, 
  are we balancing the game around trash players now ? 
  its okay , it 's a beta . 
  bugs are expected and since this one got through , i 'm very certain that they have bigger problems at this moment . 
  it seems like the group is invite only . 
  shit , i 'm retarded , i do n't see the button because i 'm already in it . 
  i am wrong, 
  this guy just added me lol, 
  do n't buy '' gamer '' stuff . 
  the best mice are the ones that have simple design because they do n't fuck your hand posture with 10 macro buttons , and who the fuck uses 4 + k dpi ? 
  mech keyboard is the ultimate thing you need if you are willing to spend that much , everything is really preference , but common sense tells to avoid overpriced stuff . 
  bonk, 
  rainbow warrior, 
  perminent nerf, 
  the problem is , i never lag out . 
  i have an incredibly stable and good internet connection , and everything was working fine when i saw him doing nothing . 
  are you sure ? 
  not if they are the ones to dive 2v3, 
  rip, 
  his boat is op but he sucks lategame without snowballing and getting a lot of kills . 
  natural selection is an outdated system . 
  as far as i remember , you always had to load assets as you queued , and the time between finished picks and the game start was very small . 
  so buy your own courier , i 'd take 370 gold `` lost '' from a courier over a bkb hidden somewhere on the map, 
  what am i supposed to do vs charge characters that just sit there and wo n't let me get close like honda or balrog ? 
  i am playing oni, 
  honda can just sit there and spam headbutt so i really dont think he even needs to get close , so its hard for me to get any lead on unpunishable moves . 
  balrog has huge range on his normals so each time i get close , he will just mash me out of there with the knockback from blocking . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  icefrog is an employee of valve afaik . 
  not really , he never gets survi unless its an even game , so once he is stunned , he is pretty dead . 
  denies now give gold and experience in a radius , although way less than from a kill afaik, 
  360 pure damage most likely, 
  the fact that i could play whoever the fuck i wanted because i was n't limited to grinding a month for a champ . 
  to make a comeback you need to use your enemies mistakes as an opener , which you ca n't in lol because of outplayed-outsmarted-outbaited flash, 
  it dies to 3 ( 5 ) * hero powers without doing a single thing , it is bad . 
  * pala token and searing totem may kill it aswell , but not guaranteed . 
  soon, 
  you have to be asian to have any chance, 
  no , unless others chose portuguese, 
  the technology is n't there yet . 
  what 's your gfwl ? 
  well , riot is pretty much an indie company with a low budget , so what do you expect ? 
  w3 is a game by a huge developer with a big budget . 
  lol is a new game and has n't established itself yet . 
  the eblade mana cost increase doe, 
  your ulti is basically to refill your mana after a shotgun combo, 
  accept that the game is definitely not p2w and you got outplayed . 
  it was / s. 
  i feel you , legendaries are supposed to be niche and situational , not fucking staples in each deck . 
  because rag and sylv do n't see much play at all . 
  the diversity is already here : sylv , rag , leeroy and ysera . 
  a shame that blizzard wants to make legendaries staples just so they may force people to buy packs to get a card that will increase their '' skill '', 
  your arrogance will be your undoing !, 
  that 's like saying walking 200km and maybe finding a bicycle on the way is the same as buying a car at the start and driving those 200 km . 
  not if you are forced to experience epileptic seizures from walking . 
  it will always be viable , the difference is now that you have to use your ult as a free tp to fountain after a combo to refill your mana , or clone \u25ba tp and get back . 
  you say a carry should n't do what he is supposed to when he gets farmed just because it is '' anti-fun '' for the other team ? 
  yea it is , so maybe dont fucking feed him next time . 
  fizz is not comparable to a hypercarry in dota . 
  okay , you do n't like the aesthetics , but calling it depressing and emo is retarded . 
  sight , another, 
  im so bad at the game which means x, 
  pls fix it game trash, 
  le xdddddddddd, 
  try to not state subjective facts next time . 
   and this is just a personal opinion , dota may be more new player friendly , but it definitely is n't veteran friendly . 
  last thing a veteran player wants to do , is do that weird half story mode then test 3 characters , then play 10 mid lane match ups as different characters followed up by 5 bot games , and maybe some more stuff after that . 
  this type of thing is essential for a new player , but for a veteran ? 
  no , but do they still make it required ? 
  yes it sucks , but it makes people not smurf as much , and if you really are a veteran of dota and just made the switch , you could use some training in navigating the ui and whatnot , you only need 1 game of each afaik anyways , unless you want hats . 
  gut post until, 
   keep in mind dota is fairly static . 
  hon choked on itself , it had great potential , until the p2w system . 
  if you think that the carry himself wins games , you really should n't talk for the game . 
  the supports decide who wins what in the first 15-20 minutes . 
  with mids coming and going depending on runes for the whole game . 
  the carry is nothing else than an investment of the whole team , if the supports make him fed , he will become a killing machine , if they do n't he will sit there and do `` stuff '' . 
   i can not control what the other people on my team do in a random game . 
  however i prefer the team aspect of league over one person destroying the opposition . 
  yea , it 's not like leblanc can instagib you with 2 spells , just because she is 5/0 , has bought ap items and you ca n't do anything about it . 
  the amount of farm a mid has to get to stay snowbally against competent players is insanely high . 
  depending on the hero , after he hits 13-14 he will invest a lot to be able to solo anyone , without a crucial item . 
  which will most likely put him very vulnerable after the kill , which allows anyone to finish him . 
  storm spirit with an orchid is my example , the buildup gives you no survi , nada . 
  it costs over 4k gold , and you will be working towards it for about 18 minutes if you do n't kill a lot . 
  in that window , a gank on you and you have no items that make you more snowbally , you are n't harder to kill , your killing potential is somewhat increased , but not drastically and your spells still do the same amout of damage . 
  it 's okay that you did n't like the game , but trying to even explain its mechanics without playing atleast 100 games is ignorant . 
   in dota you get a hyper carry with a few kills and he can win the game by himself . 
  does n't look like an opinion . 
  i do n't go around commenting why this and that sucks in the move a pro chess player did when i 've played a handful of games . 
  i may like it or not , but i do n't discuss reasons for decisions within the game . 
  and i ca n't argue with someone who does n't understand the importance of words , nitpicks and makes everything try to look like he was always right . 
  i remember when i accidentally muted a friend , and i could n't remove him from the ignore list so we could chat or easily party , i stopped playing from then . 
  i 've thought about that , and i wonder if the build quality even matters . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i think every well known mech keyboard manufacturer makes their keyboard last as long as it is n't damaged by liquids anyways .
