   just admitting that is was not a nice thing to do would suffice . 
  it was n't nice thing to do , sorry . 
  here , we did it !, 
  although khrushev did it half a century before me as well . 
  ok , ok , sure tough guy , you 're not the first and you wo n't be the last . 
  hahaha , / r/europe in a nutshell !, 
  `` stupid russians are always paranoid about us , do n't they understand that we just want to dismember them completely ! '', 
  oh man , i 'll laugh my ass off ! . . 
  of course russians in estonia do n't want to join russia , because it 's mostly not about nationality but about standarts of living . 
  sure nationality plays it 's role there , but pragmatically speaking not a lot of normal people will be happy to join the less economically prosperous country . 
  but ukraine is an economical disaster , so if ukraine would 've been more prosperous than russia the whole crimean referrendum could 've been very different , even with the whole overwhelming support of the majority of population who are russians there . 
  those are berkut , special police force which were firing who knows at what , based on how they 're moving/covering at some combatants , they also talk about targeting open windows somewhere . 
  but i wo n't be surprised if they were firing at protesters too . 
  `` false flag '' here obviously means different snipers from the other side who were firing at police/protesters as well , i appreciate your sarcasm but you 're not being honest here . 
  also for the third time i 'm trying to ask where exactly russia mssacres civilians ? 
  about the media - western media also generally does n't call for revolutions every other day because they do n't agree with something government does . 
  that being said shutting them down is extremely wrong and dumb , no arguing here . 
  but it seems you 're just trying to pile everything together to avoid answering the main question - what civilian massacres russia did ? 
  i just asked you where exactly russia massacres civilians ? 
   false flags fail more often than they dont . 
  right , right , because you know them when you see them !, 
  labelling valid version of events which is backed up by some evidence ( although not irrefutable , but it does n't seem like they want to investigate it properly for some reason , not that they can do it ) as `` conspiracy theory '' because it 's not popular in the western media , just to move the whole discussion about it into the `` conspiracy theory '' domain is very cute also . 
  let 's just say it straight - even if there is some kind of irrefutable evidence at this point and it 's presented to the world you still wo n't believe it . 
  russian society is divided , again - despite everyone here thinking it 's full of mindless zombies , each group has their own reasons and logic behind their actions . 
  the biggest divide is the one which existed since forever , since peter the great or even earlier , it 's between the west-oriented people and russophiles . 
  now that confrontation is absolutely fierce and absolutely polarizing . 
  west-oriented people , or `` liberals '' are generally young , urbanized middle class . 
  they want to live in european country and so on . 
  politically they can be left or libertatian , it does n't matter much . 
  second group , `` russophiles '' , despite being usually labelled ( by liberals ) as dumb uneducated bunch from the lower class is n't exactly that . 
  sure proletariat generally supports this group , as well as a lot of older people , but it also has huge amount of middle classed urbanized young russians as well . 
  ideologies can be different there , but generally it 's conservatism and dislike of liberals . 
  they have some points there because of 90s , the time when russia was ruled by ~ ~ full retard ~ ~ liberals ( which is arguable , but generally correct ) which were showing themselves as irresponsible , corrupt and horribly incompetent and 90s is generally considered as a time of total disaster . 
  then putin , from the `` russophile '' group , came and things were improving a lot compared to 90s . 
  but being conservative he 's much more authoritarian than liberals can tolerate so he 's hated by them with a passion . 
  not without a reason of course , together with bringing order to the economy and general life of most people he still could n't really tackle corruption , reduced the political freedoms and brought media under the government control . 
  so he 's lambasted a lot by liberals and it 's totally reasonable . 
  in the eyes of an average russian it 's still much lesser evil , comparing to 90s . 
  and it 's totally reasonable as well , liberals could n't really give any fresh ideas or plans or even leaders which are worth supporting . 
  the lack of free press is n't helping them as well . 
  navalny could 've been the leader as he started with the right thing - fight the corruption , but now his popularity decreased a lot . 
  so that 's `` brief introduction to the modern russian society '' for you . 
  obviously liberals are marching there in support of ukraine and `` russophiles '' support putin . 
  everyone is kind of right in a way . 
  the sad part with russia is that it always boils down to choosing the lesser evil for some reason . 
  russia `` massacres civilians '' , really ? 
  like shoots them with sniper rifles and blames it on the police to instigate further violence ? 
  rt 's editor-in-chief margarita simonyan wrote some quite obvious things about it in her [ blog ] ( http://m-simonyan.livejournal.com/63637.html ) ( in english as well ) . 
  sure , misha saakashvili has dozens more interpretations , obviously . 
  and it was amusing to watch how he changed one with another every day . 
  but while very sceptical at first later even the west agreed with that version of events , sorry . 
  i 'm sorry for [ quoting wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia%e2%80%93georgia_war ) again , but : `` however , no conclusive evidence was presented by georgia or its western supporters that russia was invading the country before the georgian attack , according to the new york times . 
  [ 139 ] instead , `` the accounts suggest that georgia 's inexperienced military attacked the isolated separatist capital of tskhinvali on 7 august with indiscriminate artillery and rocket fire , exposing civilians , russian peacekeepers and unarmed monitors to harm '' . 
  [ 128 ] [ 139 ] georgia 's claim to be responding to a premeditated russian assault received little support from the us and nato . 
  [ 157 ] '' `` hrw concluded that while south ossetian forces were responsible for endangering civilians by setting up defensive positions in close vicinity of civilian structures , georgia was responsible for the use of indiscriminate weapons such as grad mrl in densely populated areas , making the attack `` unlawful '' . 
  [ 160 ] '' `` the majority of experts , monitors and ambassadors agreed that the war was started by georgia shelling tskhinvali , but that russia responded with disproportionate measures . 
  the tagliavini commission concluded that while georgia could have responded to the separatist attacks , it could not justify the full scale attack on tskhinvali . '', 
  and so on . 
  sorry , replying to some commentary which was deleted for some reason . 
  how is it related to the ukrainian parliament at all ? 
  ukrainian parliament is a joke right now , they 're hysterically creating those laws with the speed of a machine gun doing everything the new power wants them to . 
  just because half of them are afraid for losing their precious position or simply threatened . 
  it 's not about them at all , they 're irrelevant . 
  it 's about the real power with real muscles - right sector/svoboda and their fighters who are organized , extremely loyal , trained and ready to do whatever it takes to achieve their goals . 
  sure they do n't have a lot of chances on the elections ( not significantly more than before at least ) and that makes them more dangerous now as they know it 's their chance . 
  is parliament or official `` government '' control them ? 
  i do n't know , i would bet everything on no , the control there is very very limited . 
  who can control [ this guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=xpvxi3kpbas ) ? 
  [ it 's him as well ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymoon8ujwne ) ? 
  can he control anyone he cares in the current ukrainian political scene , together with his professional goons ? 
  no doubt . 
  i 'm sure officially they 'll say about protection of any civilian , russian , tatar or whatever . 
  the problem is that in practice the threat of terror is mostly pointed at ethnically russians . 
  so of course ukrainian civilians , but ethnically russians . 
  right sector/svoboda are fine with tatars , more - they 're best buddies as both of them hate russians . 
  russians on the other hand , are under threat . 
  and not only russians honestly but everyone who opposes current government , for example everyone who took part in anti-maidan rallies who take part even now , former berkut guys , small political figures or activists who are n't nationalistic and so on . 
  basically everyone who are opposing right sector/svoboda . 
  they do have trained fighters , organization , financial support and firearms . 
  and they 're extremists . 
  so it 's pretty reasonable to expect them doing terror , especially if they were doing that before . 
  because they basically ment `` if you have n't noticed we have our troops here , so please do n't try to do something stupid , like shell civilians and peacekeepers with the artillery , thanks ! '' . 
  it means the same now , please do n't do anything stupid like unleash your nazis from right sector/svoboda killing russian civilians or terrorize them into forcing doing what you want , thanks !, 
   just do n't try to convince us of the goodwill of the soviet union in `` releasing '' all her captured states , and then play it off as if `` well ... not all were militarily annexed '' . 
  this is borderline historical revisionism , as i have pointed out . 
  admit you were being purposefully misleading . 
  i 'm sorry but you just do n't make any sense . 
  i 'm trying to convince you of the goodwill of ussr in releasing it 's states ? 
  huh ? 
  what else was it then , if not goodwill ? 
  they did because they hated them ? 
  they did it because those regions were the biggest administrative states ussr had , with they 're own administration and political will which was backed by the people who really did n't wanted to remain in ussr . 
  i 'm repeating myself - what difference does it make were they annexed or not ? 
  because as i pointed out not all of them were annexed , and second - most of what rsfsr had was annexed at some point in the past , why have n't they give independence to 90 % of rsfsr ( future russia ) regions ? 
  sorry , you do n't make any sense whatsoever and based on the second half of your message with some irrelevant points , straw mans and so on , i think i 'll let you rumble here alone for a while . 
  revisionism my ass , we never agreed that your version of history is the only one right , so i do n't give a damn if you think it 's revisionism or whatever you want to call it really , everything i said it 's not really even a discussion point and far from being something new . 
  and i 'm not convincing you of anything , i 've just tried to answer your question , if you 're not happy with it that 's your personal right . 
  i 'm not obliged trying to make sense of your nonsense for 3 messages already . 
  let me repeat myself - do you realize that almost every piece of territory was annexed by force at one point or another ? 
  do you realize that crimea was annexed as well ?
