  and you 're saying that if state a annexes state b using force , state a has every etc. 
  so how is it different between crimea and latvia for example ? 
  the point is - it 's irrelevant how that territory was obtained , it 's important what people who live there want . 
   you took over independent countries , undermined their governments , and annexed them . 
  did i do thaaaat ? 
  sorry , i have n't done anything like that , i once annexed the toy bear from my friend in the kindergarten and was slapped for that . 
  let 's not personify me with the whole country , alright ? 
   um , you ca n't just hand-wave away invading poland , estonia , lithuania , and latvia by calling it `` adding some buffer states . '', 
  you took over independent countries , undermined their governments , and annexed them . 
  that 's not `` adding buffer states . '', 
  that 's `` invading and aggressively adding territory to provide strategic depth . '', 
  all you did was move the frontline of wwii a couple hundred miles west , making the main victims wwii the poles , belarusians , ukrainians and jews instead of russians . 
  and not only did russia invade and take over those countries , but the russians systematically murdered or exiled the leadership of those countries , to render them into pliable , servant nations . 
  sure , yes , but it 's only for the sake of not being eliminated ( like literally , all dead ) in only the most brutal war in the human history . 
  i guess stalin could 've been more gentle , more of a gentlemen - oh i 'm sorry hitler wants to kill half of us now , half of us make into slaves and gradually kill later anyway , wo n't you mind not aligning with that unpleasant person while he 's doing that and if you do n't mind can you also avoid letting his troops on your territory because he 'll be closer to our border , please dear baltic states & poland ? 
  it 's important you know , thanks !, 
  splendid !, 
  so yea , it means add buffer states , it also means making them not a liability if they 're support hitler , it means a lot of unpleasant things . 
  how is it different from us , let 's say , when they killed tons of civilians dropping atomic bombs with an excuse `` we wanted to preserve american lives by avoiding occupations of japan '' ? 
  ussr did the same really , a lot of people died to let it save some time in case of invasions . 
  innocent people ? 
  yes , sure . 
  but ussr at least did it as a desperate measure to give our better chance of survival , and us did it when there was the war was already decided and they have n't faced any problems with survival . 
   all you did was move the frontline of wwii a couple hundred miles west , making the main victims wwii the poles , belarusians , ukrainians and jews instead of russians . 
  huh ? 
  we made those people victims instead of us , really ? 
  what does it even mean ? 
  first of all belorussia & ukraine were in ussr . 
  second if ussr would n't occupy baltic states & polan then nazis would 've done it anyway . 
  and jews ... what ? 
  you mean ussr moved the border to the west and all `` russians '' retreat back to rsfsr so nazis will kill all poles & belorussians & ukrainians & jews first ? 
  i 'm not sure it makes any sense in any form . 
  do you know how many russians died ? 
  also check [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buffer_state ) , weirdly ussr is n't the sole inventor of such a difficult concept . 
   i ca n't believe you 're making the soviets out to be the victims here . 
  cry me a river . 
  oh how sensible - you want to live and you did n't had much choice but to ensure your own survival by doing horrible stuff ? 
  oh cry me a river !, 
  you could 've just simply died you know !, 
  but honestly i do n't give a flying fuck of your beliefs , mate . 
  but it 's not a secret in the slightest , check munich conference , neville chamberlain and what stalin tried to do there . 
  if everyone in europe were happy giving hitler what he wanted without even trying to oppose him , then it 's a bit silly to stand still , do nothing and hope that he wo n't notice you . 
   yeah , like how the nazis wo n't win germany any popularity contests . 
  well , you guys liked hitler in the beginning . 
  he wanted to get rid europe of communists and you thought it 's a magnificent idea , as you basically had the same one for a long time !, 
  chamberlain was stunned with possibilities !, 
  so i think nazi 's would win any popularity contests from the soviets in your eyes , any day !, 
   you singled out / r/europe for exactly the reasons i wrote - `` butthurted by russia '' . 
  the rest of reddit is russophobic , sure , but the reasons are mixed - sometimes cold war mentality still , sometimes different views on some hot issue , sometimes putin-putin-putin-putin etc. 
  on the rest of reddit reasons are different , but here it 's mostly butthurted by russia , which is fair enough . 
   it takes two to tango , and in this situation i think it is not unreasonable ( what a buzzword , eh ? ), 
  to assume that russia should take the first step to mend relations . 
  two , i agree and again that was my point . 
  but what do you mean by `` first step to mend relations '' ? 
  i sense that from your perspective we need to stop whatever we 're doing , fall on the knees and start crying and ask for forgiveness and give anything you like to you . 
  anything less than that is clearly not enough , they will remember everything which is russia 's fault , everything which is n't russia 's fault and blame it on russia and it still wo n't be enough . 
  casually mixing governments with people , as if we 're responsible for everything russia did in it 's 1000 year history . 
  it 's really not about understanding . 
  so which first steps do we really need to take here ? 
   why ca n't russia try and be like that ? 
  we totally can be like that , if you know any russians in real life you probably know that we 're normal people and there is no barriers between us really . 
  sure , maybe to someone weird or quirky or with a weird sense of humour or something else , but it 's still mostly normal people . 
  but again , returning to / r/europe - people here are enjoying associating people with their corresponding countries . 
  it 's as if those country flags near the name are really doing you a disservice in some cases . 
  people really start to pay attention to those more than they 're worth , sometimes it leads to overly stereotyping something , sometimes personification effect appears when people are talking to others as if they 're talking to the personification of the whole countries and so on . 
  but the main reason is sorry - blatant russophobia , we have a certain image in the west , which you 're totally happy with . 
  it 's constantly reinforced by the media and there is no reasons for you to abandon it . 
  and even if we want to change it for example , there is a just too goddamn many people in the world to do it with everyone one by one . 
  after explaining something 10 times to 10 people , the eleventh one with that classical association chain of `` russians - vodka , putin , bears , matryoshkas , putin , bashing gays , putin , putin , putin , dictatorship , putin , drunkard , putin , stalin , gulags , putin '' is really starting to annoy you . 
  and after some time you just do n't care anymore , there is a huge amount of russophobes on this planet who have n't even seen any single russian , paradoxically , or just do n't know anything about us but thinks he 's an expert . 
  thanks , ~ ~ obama ~ ~ ~ ~ putin ~ ~ mass media !, 
   it 's not about crapping on russians . 
  it is , again , about the fact that russia does n't want to establish a common ground with anyone . 
  it 's their way , or the highway . 
  i think i 've just answered why . 
  it 's not our way or the highway , it 's just it 's impossible to do anything with millions of people which have an idiotic image about you in their head , it 's just impossible . 
  i 'm personally fine with it , i do n't really care about it . 
  i was living too much abroad to know what 's worth paying attention to and what 's not . 
  from the soviet perspective it 's trying to buy some time before the inevitable war , after czechoslovakia `` allies '' uk&f rance surrendered it to hitler for a `` piece in our life time '' and refused to make any alliance with ussr in [ munich conference ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) . 
  after that point the ussr government realized that without western allies they 're on their own and started delaying the war , they signed [ molotov-ribbentrop pact ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) which added some buffer states between ussr and germany and they obviously thought that it 'll help with delaying the war . 
  `` mein kampf '' was written 15 years before that and it was quite clearly stating what his plans were for ussr , it was n't a secret . 
  so it 's definitely collaboration with nazis from the pespective of other allies , but they can blame themselves really and their great diplomacy in munich . 
  ussr was n't happy with it 's role of a sacrificial lamb , which `` allies '' prepared for them , so it tried to use the situation to ensure it 's own survival . 
  it is sad and tragic and obviously wo n't win ussr any popularity contests , but it 's how it is - survival first . 
  and sorry , i ca n't blame stalin for that . 
  maybe it could 've been done better , but if it 's hard to see what can be done differently even in the hindsight , then what exactly can be expected from them ? 
  that 's pretty much what i said . 
  they can hold those grudges if they like of course , especially if they 're `` not unreasonable '' . 
  but that wo n't do them much good in the long run , neighbours which hold grudges against each other and who can track history of those grudges `` we did that to you because you did it to us earlier , which you did because we did something else even earlier and so on '' to pre-historical times are just forced to continue that chain of violence in the future . 
  i hope it does n't sound menacing or something , i really do n't want to fight with anyone , i hope it 's clear . 
  but that chain will go on unless we 'll start trying to understand each other , but it 's not the case with / r/europe , it 's not about understanding . 
  it 's something like this - `` oh , we 're all great people who live in peace and trying to be sensible and understanding to others , we really like everyone in europe , everyone are great and lovely , and now when we finally established some common grounds between our wonderful nations ... let 's crap on some russians together ! '', 
  not all states were annexed military really . 
  actually if you think about it at some point in the past most of things were annexed military , even if it 's one tribe vs another one . 
  crimea was annexed military from khans and ottomans in 18th century . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  honest question , as it seems you maybe have something there but i ca n't really understand your wording . 
  i 'm not justifying it , far from it , i 'm just saying that there was some truth in the reasons of why those people were deported . 
  do they justify the deportation and killing huge amount of people ? 
  no , obviously not .
