  yes , seriously . 
  let me remind you again : `` just a few words in response to your peculiar outburst : please , do n't try to glorify ussr . 
  it 's pointless and simply preposterous '' which is ad-hominem . 
  if you do n't have anything factual to say , then you should 've stopped there , without sliding to your impressions about my motivations . 
  yea , it 's a fucked up thing . 
  how much was phd costing him btw ? 
   misguided nationalist / facepalm all you need to do to be labeled nationalist it seems , is to not automatically agree on some standard western talking points about russia . 
  `` everyone knows '' that ussr was a hell on earth with stalin eating children while nkvd troops were shooting soldiers in the back and boiling dissidents in molten iron in gulags . 
  oh , you not agree ? 
  what kind of misguided nationalist are you ? 
   know how to make an impression on people who are sympathetic to your country and admire your culture yes , because the only purpose in life should be getting some sympathy from random people on internet , that 's a noble goal . 
  although i 'm not really sure why are you so upset ? 
  i repelled your points and you started pointless ad-hominem attacks , and now you 're crying that i 'm not a nice person ? 
  well , here 's a thing - if you want to argue without facts about the subject you know very little about - you 'll have a bad time , \u0441\u044b\u043d\u043e\u043a . 
   so , in a nuthsell , there was no freedom of movement . 
  if that 's the main point you took from all the facts i just described there , then so be it . 
  no point in educating a person who do n't want it . 
   please , do n't try to glorify ussr i 'm not . 
  i 'm just telling things which are going against your brainwashed mainstream opinion about it , which is mostly propaganda bullshit . 
   and they were n't smitten by the standard of living i thought it 's kind of common fact that `` standards of living '' were much worse in ussr , so what 's your point again ? 
  on a side note - why do you think i 'm interested in listening to your opinions about ussr ? 
  it 's not the point of this thread and quite frankly i could n't give any less fucks about it , you 're brainwashed nobody . 
  are you still talking about crimea ? 
  russian immigrants which were living there since the russian empire arrived and demanded everyone around them to speak russian , eh ? 
  or about what exactly ? 
  if there is a free ( mostly ) movement inside a country then naturally people are moving around , what a horrible thing for them to do . 
  imagine that us fell apart on individual states and someone there from texas started complaining - oh you know , those filthy immigrants from michigan and alabama just took our land here , it was our land and stupid us government was inviting those stupid beggars before the war so they can settle on our land here !, 
  for the love of god , what do you know about those things exactly , apart of the things they existed ? 
  what kind of restrictions were there , do you know ? 
  were those documents hard to get ? 
  sure , relocating was never as easy as now when you can just move without notifying or asking anyone , then it was more complicated , but it was easy nevertheless . 
  everyone had an internal passport , absolutely everyone , now in some regions there was a `` propiska '' when you need to notify some government agency where are you living - but it 's not preventing anyone from relocating , you 'll just get a new `` propiska '' , that 's it . 
  now getting work was a bit more complicated because of '' \u0441\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0435\u043c\u0430 \u0440\u0430\u0441\u043f\u0440\u0435\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f '' ( not sure what 's the correct way to translate it , it 's a system when the person is assigned to the workplace after finishing education , with some rules applied ) . 
  my father had a work 2 thousand miles away of his home , because they required specialists there and as he was a specialist in that domain he just applied , relocated and was living in the temporary government flat for 2 years , then he received a personal flat ( not exactly personal , but as personal as you can get in ussr ) absolutely free . 
  my mother moved with him and got work 1 month after relocating without any problems . 
  now my grandparents moved from ukraine to latvia and then many years later back to ukraine , no problems and so on and on and on , you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm informed about latvia and estonia as well a bit , so i 'm trying to understand your point concerning russian population there . 
  what `` disrespect '' you 're talking about ? 
  stalin 's deportations happened . 
  that does n't change the point , is n't it ? 
   many big industrial projects were also combined with ideas to bring russian `` settlers '' . 
  they were not forced , but definitely encouraged . 
  i guess they could hire 10k experienced lithuanian nuclear energy experts , converted from potato growers in just couple of weeks . 
   on the other hand , look at latvia or estonia . 
  what 's with latvia or estonia ? 
  yes , yes i already figured that the only sensible words which could come from your mouth are my own words , thanks . 
  sure , they always did : [ ethnic groups ( 2001 ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimea ) * 58.32 % russians * 24.32 % ukrainians * 12.10 % crimean tatars, 
  yup , it was practiced inside the ussr , what an insightful point !, 
  yes , of course !, 
  it all totally makes sense to me now !, 
  so for 70 + years ussr had no internal borders so people could mix together freely , created new industries , towns , factories , power plants everywhere so people were gathered from the whole country to live and work there , and finally it just gifted the whole crimea to ukraine when previously it never belonged to them - and all that for the purpose of `` protecting interests of russians with an army '' in the case when ussr was dissolved . 
  what a magnificent master plan !, 
  what would the world do without those brilliant romanian intellectuals ? 
  we would like our navy to sit in russian sevastopol , thanks . 
  i did n't quite get the other things you 're babbling about though , sorry . 
   like , i do n't know , including other culture 's literature as soviet own , valuing and sponsoring their art , this kind of thing . 
  yes , it was sponsored and preserved . 
  children were learning history of their republic as well . 
   if all what this `` melting pot '' policies was , was to discard all national cultures except russian , what differentiates it from your normal cultural genocide ? 
  russia system was very much like the modern us - you sure can be italian , english , french or whatever , as long as you 're american . 
  they did exactly that - they were n't trying to destroy nationalities , but create some kind of entity above nationalities - soviet person . 
  with a common language , yes . 
  which is failed , yes . 
  you need to research a bit the difference between national states ( which most of the european states are ) and a federation ( or empire ) and their model of nationality . 
   now that 's interesting , an advice to follow russian socioeconomic model . 
  an advice ? 
  i do n't care . 
  especially taken that our current `` socioeconomic model '' is worse than yours for that matter . 
   why would anyone on earth want to make his home more like russia ? 
  i do n't know , but [ russia is on a second place after us as a world migration destination ] ( http://www.oecd.org/els/mig/imo2013.htm ) . 
  so you do n't get something , apparently . 
  sure , so you 're lithuanian , right ? 
  let 's see - [ visaginas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visaginas ) , a modern city which was built by ussr in 80s as a town-satellite for [ ignalina nuclear power plant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ignalina_nuclear_power_plant ) . 
  a lot of people from the whole ussr settled there - russians , ukrainians , belorussians , etc. 
  they were n't forced there , and noone prevented lithuanians settle there of course , is that what you call `` settling people from russia in areas were other nationalities lives '' ? 
  tiny beautiful city , very green , no crime , no problems , no ethnical conflicts . 
  now after joining eu , lithuania was forced to close the nuclear power plant . 
  and yes , you can remember it - it was forced , as one of the conditions of joining eu . 
  now you 're buying electricity from eu and belorussia , and desperately talking about building another nuclear power plant , which will never happen . 
  the city is dying btw , a lot of russians/ukrainians/etc left it already and in 20 years it 'll be another ghost-town , i guess you 're very happy about that . 
  good guy eu saved small lithuania from the evil empire and it 's filthy energy !, 
  no , the idea of `` no nationalities '' means an old fashion `` no nationalities '' , not new european idea of `` we will nurture all nationalities and they 'll enrich each other '' ( not that i care too much , but it 's not like it 's working very well for you ) . 
  no nationalities , just soviet people - everyone speak russian . 
  national languages were taught as well in their correspondent republics , but the main language was russian . 
  it is , i do n't really understand his point either and that 's the main problem here - they ca n't explain their reasons clearly . 
  but unlike you i would n't automatically discard what he 's saying and assume it 's a political decision . 
  it can very well be financial interests and he is just horrible at explaining things ( as usually happens ) . 
  not sure i care about enlightening you , taken that you 've started with intentionally derailing the topic by raising some irrelevant , but very heated `` raging talking point '' . 
   and confirmed by yourself so why did you see it as a huge attack on the ussr ? 
  because it was presented as if it 's an attack on ussr , and not just a regular practice . 
  for the person who knows `` all too well '' about russification , you 're asking a lot of ignorant questions which just expose you how lacking your understanding of ussr is . 
  just to be brief , that topic is kind of huge - ussr was formed with an idea of internationalism , no boundaries , no nationalities and all that stuff . 
  and culturally it remained very firm principle through the whole existence of ussr , so while there were russians and ukrainians ( it 's not like they were eliminated ) , the whole nation was soviet people . 
  if you feel that by mixing different things in your head into one will give you some kind of insight in the history - go for it , whatever . 
  ussr quite explicitly did n't do cultural annihilation as well , and was much successful at not doing that than your uk who was n't doing that as well . 
  ironic , is n't it ? 
   why should we ? 
  the history is never the right justification of the decisions , only the future is . 
  no , i fully agree . 
  if the fact that crimea never before was a part of ukraine and it 's not populated by ukrainians does n't convince you in anything , then you kind of lose all moral arguments in having it , if russia decides to take it let 's say .
