  just keep waiting . 
  alright , fair enough , i 'm pretty sure i 've heard anything you could possibly say before anyway . 
  yea , yea , sure , let 's just wait until freedom-loving crimeans will say firm `` enough ! '', 
  to their oppressors who were forcibly annexing them without firing single shot and which they supported by the vast majority of population . 
  and no , you ca n't buy those freedom loving people by twice + the size of gdp !, 
  the question is only when ... right !, 
  right , right , i wonder how many crimeans have changed their minds about your glorious nation looking at the recent odessa massacre . 
  they 're almost ready to ask to get them back !, 
  any time now !, 
  they will crawl in tears and beg you for forgiveness guys , just keep waiting !, 
  how long do you think would presenting your opponents as those classical brainwashed by propaganda zombies will serve you ? 
  because it quickly became your only argument , guys . 
  pro-kiev are enlightened europeans free of propaganda who can think clearly , pro-russian - ignorant brainwashed zombies . 
  stereotypes are defined , they 're simple and clear , regular folks are buying it well . 
  well , with the `` convenient wisdom '' in the west being that pro-kiev intentions are full of freedom and europe and flowers and pro-russian thoughts are just brainwashed zombies - suuure . 
  oh well , we 'll wait for another maidan or two then . . 
  i heard you appointed your oligarchs and mostly the same people to power again , so you 'll have a good time protesting at maidan again . 
  it 's a great tradition to have really , it guarantees the stability of standards of living . 
  right , right , never burned anyone and then cheered about the death of 40 + of your own countryman , never occupied government buildings before , never beated anyone on the streets , never used firearms , never threw molotovs at the police , never extorted business or flats from anyone and so on . 
  nope , peaceful . 
  and do n't even mention propaganda , when your glorious sbu constantly finds traces/passports of thousands of russian spetsnaz , fsb and what have you , every time turning out to be a total / facepalm . 
  and of course a lot of people just killing themselves , burning themselves , beating themselves suddenly , even sahsko bilyi shot himself !, 
  twice . 
  and what exactly pro-russia thugs are doing ? 
  oh cool stuff , good riddance indeed then , splendid !, 
  such a relief !, 
  that 's probably why you 've ignored their vote for independence in the early 90s and were very angry every time they were thinking about it . 
  and obviously you did n't wanted money and gas subsidies for sevastopol and russian fleet there , but now you can sleep happily without them . 
  you also did n't bothered to create or even maintain any of crimea infrastructure for 20 + years , why bother really ? 
  it 's problematic region which wo n't be yours anyway , one way or another , right ? 
  btw , was it the only problematic region in your otherwise thriving nation , or [ you have some more maybe ] ( http://www.stratfor.com/sites/default/files/styles/640_scale_width/public/main/images/ukraine_provinces_grp.jpg?itok=8f-3yohb ) ? 
  are you sure you do n't want to give them to poland or romania or something ? 
  you will be closer to your historical size then too , right ? 
  `` apparent u-turn '' - right , as europeans almost convinced themselves that putin is literally hitler , he is behind every bad thing in the current ukraine , stirring unrest , sending special forces , poisoning everyone and about to invade any minute now , just after eating a baby for breakfast . 
  it turned out that the only thing which you can attribute to him is bloodless occupation of crimea which was supported by the local population and ... that 's pretty much it . 
  therefore he made a `` u-turn '' in your eyes , amazing !, 
   the message they receive is that europeans do n't only hate russian government and its actions , but even the russian people themselves . 
  do n't worry , it was pretty clear for quite some time . 
  sorry , i 'm not sure which duality are you talking about here . 
  why people support putin when he 's clearly a horrible human being ? 
  if people are self-aware and not blind with propagada as it 's clear from the produced literature , why do they support him ? 
  how 's it possible to create art under oppressive regime ? 
  you do n't really need to resort to any `` spiritual duality '' of russians to explain those things , it 's not paradoxical in any form , it has it 's direct logical reasons . 
  so , what 's the joke ? 
  look , i do n't have any problems answering to anything and anyone can check my message history which proves it . 
  but in this case i do n't even have anything to deflect as you have n't expressed any points really . 
  some emotions and personal opinions - sure , but they are not requiring any comments . 
  i really hope it as well and you 're totally right there . 
  but my point there was that of course the working class is largely progovernment , it always was . 
  but with crimea even a huge chunk of the middle class support government as well , probably partially and with a lot of conditions , but putin has the support of the middle class . 
  and it 's just partially because of propaganda , it 's aimed at the working class exclusively . 
  that 's a fair assessment , russia certainly lacks some reasonable and professional media which provides alternative points of view . 
  the problem is that it will most likely be heavily pro-western and in that case it 'll be shot down . 
  and there is generally a lot of problems with pro-western views in russia , to put it briefly - they 're heavily discredited and rarely fully supported even by russian `` liberals '' . 
  pro-western views are really on the line of being acceptable , sadly . 
  but generally a lot of russians do support their government these days for many reasons - some always do , some buy the propaganda but those are people who are always pro-government . 
  people who generally do n't support putin or somewhere in the middle do support him on this particular issue because they genuinely agree with taking crimea in this case , some support it because `` right or wrong - it 's my country '' , some do it because west in this case is highly hypocritical and very few consider a critique from the west as being something worth listening . 
  surely i think that democracy and being good is not acceptable as well then . 
  `` known world wide for its humar rights violations against innocent gay people '' - wow !, 
  so you just basically said `` no , you ! '', 
  with that teenager high-pitched voice , only with more words . 
  oh man , only [ yesterday ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/21brh1/75_years_ago_on_march_25_1949_tens_of_thousands/cgbz6rz ) i wrote about exactly the same thing here !, 
  europeans are currently on the high horse of moral superiority , holier that pope and so morally pure they 're glowing at nights . 
  their countries did nothing wrong , never ever , and if they accidentally did then they 're really sorry and dedicated not to repeat any even remotely morally dubious actions in the future . 
  no , not again , they now see what 's important in life and what 's not . 
  they 're ready to die for their ideals of goodness and morality !, 
  there is no excuses like circumstances and choosing lesser evil or inability to change something or just simply being a human being - fuck no , excuses are for morally weak people . 
  now you know what it 's like to be real european !, 
  oh yea , anyone who 's not sharing their opinions are literally hitlers , obviously . 
  but you really should n't apologise for anything which is not your fault , that 's destructive for you and it wo n't achieve anything anyway . 
  but that 's purely your choice . 
  well i apparently am homophobic , yea . 
  the guy red my whole sarcastic rant and agreed until he saw the word `` gay '' at the end of it , so he decided that i am homophobic . 
  how could he know you ask ? 
  well , thou shall not say `` gay '' without swearing to god that you 're not homophobic first , double it if you 're russian . 
  ok , ok , i wo n't have your upvote then after all . 
  now i 'll need to go get drunk and beat some random gays in the park !, 
  and that 'll be your fault man !, 
  still worth it though , the joke was actually funny and you 're just instinctively react to the keyword `` gay '' without applying any common sense . 
  i actually was living in the west ( uk/california ) for quire a while and still have some property there and visit it often , so sorry but i think i know much more about the differences between us than you , no offence . 
  but yea , good stuff !, 
  yup , using gay in a sarcastic context to indicate that `` gay '' for europeans is as sacred as `` good '' and `` democratic '' makes me \u0432\u0430\u0442\u043d\u0438\u043a and just generally low-life piece of shit . 
  there ca n't be two opinions about gays , obviously !, 
  you got me there comrade !, 
  god-damn and i almost made it !, 
  i almost got your upvote !, 
  oh man , it must hurt !, 
  that level of negative karma hurts you in real life , you ca n't fucking sleep at night !, 
  you may want to reconsider and join us - europhiles !, 
  after that whole apologizing of course . 
  they 're really good people and they really care about us too !, 
  they say that if we 'll listen to them and create a small revolution in russia in the name of freedom and all that 's good and democratic and gay - we can live like in 90s again !, 
  can you believe it !, 
  must be fantastic !, 
  it 's / r/europe man , relax . 
  you ca n't just come here and write something , first you 'll need to apologize * that you 're russian * second you 'll need to apologize for stalin * then you 'll need to apologize for all your ancestors starting from times of peter the great * then you 'll need to apologize for all your fellow countryman being ignorant jerks * then you 'll need to acknowledge everything bad russia did in it 's history , one issue at a time , apologizing directly to all involved parties ( which are usually poland and baltic states so you 'll better learn all of those with their corresponding capitals and names of all presidents , but sometimes really weird and exotic countries appear ) * then you 'll need to apologize for random shit they 'll throw at you in totally unpredictable manner , which is actually the most difficult part . 
  if you 'll be asked to apologize for russians inventing cancer , bombing hiroshima and killing kennedy - do n't hesitate , apologize straight away , do n't start questioning anything , fuck it , they must be right , do n't forget that we 're all totally brainwashed so we ca n't distinguish black from white . 
  * if at any of those stages you 'll develop a sudden urge to apologize that all of us are not dead yet , including yourself - battle that urge , they 're civilized europeans after all , you do n't really need to be that harsh on yourself . 
  but you may as well do that , it 'll definitely help the process . 
  only then you 'll be gently backslapped which signals that you 're accepted in their friendly society so you can participate in all those exciting circlejerks about villainous russians !,
