  not sure about your role in this and what your point is . 
  you look very interested in my life , mate . 
  in which case i can answer all your questions [ with one link ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/32kl6n/would_you_leave_russia_if_you_could_and_where/cqczbgk?context=3 ) . 
  tldr : i performed very well . 
  sure , one lithuanian guy was horrible at that , but another polish one cleaned it very well . 
  then you should 've noticed that literally 80 % of the country is `` forest-forest-forest-lake-wooden house with pigs outside-river-lake-village of wooden houses-forest-forest-forest ... '' . 
  the nature is beautiful though . 
  basically the same as rural russia , including the wooden houses . 
  the difference is that russia has a modern cities with public transport , universities , scyscrapers , banks and so on . 
  and lithuanias ... well , they have vilnius . 
  about london - well maybe you have a brother there which you wanted to visit . 
  or mom , working as a nanny or something , no ? 
  in lithuania , mate , you need to visit it at some point , it 's your neighbour !, 
  london - vilnius tickets are cheap . 
  you know , i 'm pretty sure i 'm the only one here who were living in all 3 countries for a long time - in lithuania , in uk and in russia . 
  so i 'm not sure i 'm buying your valuable opinion about that , mate , 
  that 's arguable , unless living in a wooden house waking early in the morning to milk your cow is really your thing . 
  but in this case you can put a stronger argument - it 's maybe better to live in london than russia !, 
  it 's lithuania , remember ? 
  but even that is arguable , case in point - me . 
  ... said that fat polish dude in between of cleaning toilets for russians in london . 
  fuck the immigration indeed !, 
  i 'm sure they 'll be fine nailing your asshole to them if you volunteer !, 
  it 's amazing how far cleaning london toilets can get you !, 
  we wo n't see anything , the discussion with you ended without even really starting , mate . 
  is there any reason for me to have any serious discussions with a self proclaimed russophobe ? 
  [ lurkereurope : when i have to deal with anything russian i give no fuck anymore . 
  they had many chances . 
  but the only thing they do is praise stalin , love authoritarian rule and behave like dicks . ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/31uu14/greek_pm_alexis_tsipras_pays_respects_to_the_tomb/cq57q4k ) emmm ... no ? 
  do you want to start a serious conversation now no doubt , right ? 
  just watch how yurop will blame putin for that too , just watch . 
  `` indirectly '' of course , along the lines of `` oh we do n't know what happened but let 's see who benefits from portraying the current ukrainian government in the bad light ... oh yes , but of course !, 
   they supported separatists . 
  that 's a weird statement . 
  i 'm not sure it 's possible to say that we `` supported separatists '' as the actual creation of south ossetia as a breakaway region happened in 1991-1992 when georgia became independent from ussr . 
  south ossetians and abkhazians decided to breakaway from georgia in turn , `` while we 're at it '' . 
  so there was a war there which led to the relative peace with russia to guarantee that peace . 
  and that was the case until georgia attacked south ossetia in 2008 . 
  so nothing really changed at 2008 for south ossetia or russia , no annexations , that region was not georgian for 15 years already . 
  the only thing which changed is that it became crystal clear that it wo n't return to georgia so they want to unite with northern ossetia now , which is in russia . 
  but saying that in 2008 we `` supported separatists '' is just nonsensical , as our role was to separate those two and it was like that for 15 years already . 
  [ it 's not like it 's a secret really ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_ossetia#1989.e2.80.932008 ), 
  / popcorn, 
  wow , seriously , attacked you ? 
  you 're allowed to have an opinion in any case , even if you have n't met any single russian in your life . 
  it 's the weight of that opinion that differs . 
  at least you made a judgment about all russians by meeting some actual russians in real life , that 's kind of respectable position i guess , sort of . 
  right ? 
  unlike most , who are judging all russians based on what their media is telling them or after arguing with some teens in internets . 
  it 's not you though , right ?? 
  you meet many actual russians to do the logical and adequate judgement by yourself , right ? 
  ok , so the point of the message i was replying to was that democracy is n't in fact the will of the people , as the people can be be easily swayed or manipulated to whatever people in power need . 
  which obviously means that your western democracy is just a will of people in power , just as everywhere else . 
  yes there are a lot of illusions about that among the folks and people in power still need to carefully craft opinions of regular people and it takes time etc. 
  but it 's still means that your democracy is an illusion . 
  but then you 've spend the whole post trying to explain how russia is n't a democracy because reasons . 
  well . 
  what 's your point ? 
  well , maybe there 's a reason germans were burning jews too ? 
  maybe they were lending them money with really horrible return rates ? 
  they were basically asking to be burned , is n't it !? 
  or maybe you 're not the center of the universe and we do n't really care if you 're mad or not ? 
  maybe there are even reasons why we do n't really care about you being mad too ? 
  nazis murdered 200k lithuanian jews ? 
  you know lithuanians were helping . 
  a lot . 
  [ `` the involvement of the local population and institutions , in relatively high numbers , in the destruction of lithuanian jewry became a defining factor of the holocaust in lithuania . '', 
  ( c ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_lithuania#participation_of_local_collaborators ), 
  that 's a bold statement , everything can happen in 50 years so maybe we 'll find a common grounds with arab emirates of yurop at that point , who knows . 
  but it 's interesting that you 've just acknowledged quite obvious to the russians , but very rarely spoken in yurop point - yurop is mad at russians , it wants revenge and it want russian people to suffer in revenge . 
  that 's exactly what you said . 
  so what kind of revenge your highness wants ? 
  for what and in what form ? 
  basically - what are your conditions tough guys !? 
  what do we need to do to please you , oh enlightened yuropeans !?!, 
  show us the way , please !? 
   you ca n't blame them really , no need to love your occupant . 
  well , that 's called democracy , the majority love that occupant !, 
  other than that it seems like you 're living in some kind of dream world my friend . 
  anyway - i made my point several times already , not sure your reply requires any more comments from my side . 
  noone suppresses that minority , it 's not about ethnical minorities at all . 
  it 's about a group of people , medjlis , which is hostile to the government and which some ( far from everyone ) crimean tatars consider as their authority , effectively undermining government authority ( in the eyes of the government at least ) . 
  imagine russians in poland saying - enough is enough guys , we 'll have our own government here in poland just for us and it 'll deal with our problems in a way we like . 
  remember sharia courts in uk ? 
  something like that but doing much more - not only saying how to settle internal conflicts but trying to meddle with local politics , voicing their opinions about everything , saying what every russian in poland needs to do , how to live and how to behave , from time to time creating big hysteria about some real or perceived russophobia case in poland adding the much needed degree of healthy insanity to already complicated situation , from time to time asking putin to intervene in their terrible oppression and help them etc. 
  now you maybe laughing but ask your latvian/lithuanian/estonian neighbours about that potential scenario in their countries - let me assure you that their collective hair will become significantly greyer and it 's understandable . 
  and that 's why government of those countries will do everything including use of force against that scenario and i ca n't blame them really . 
  so - russian authorities are trying to shut it down too . 
  so it 's not about tatars , it 's about medjlis . 
  i guess it 'll end up with creation of much more moderate version of medjlis and everyone will shut up . 
  no , thanks . 
  nice speaking to you too , i realy feel a bit enriched with yuropean culture now . 
  and do n't interrupt your yuropean russophobic circlejerk ? 
  you 're having it 24/7 , forgive me if i interrupt it once or twice , it wo n't change anything anyway . 
  so , i guess calling us `` eurasian hordes '' is ... not russophobic ? 
  i 'm not sure where have you found any `` eurasian hordes '' in russia though ? 
  or it is n't about russia ? 
  i 'm confused . 
   i never said that , i am not russophobe as you would like me to be , and i am far from generalizing and calling anyone stalin , even putin as much as i do n't like him does not deserve that .
