  really ? 
  so `` the truth '' is relevant for cnn/bbc/al jazeera/etc but irrelevant for rt ? 
  they sure do n't need to care about their ratings , marketing money , agenda of the owner , discovering `` hot '' stories to inflate ratings , be on a good score with officials so they can cover them from the first row , covering information so the viewer wo n't be offended by it , which means just basically telling him what he wants to hear ? 
  it 's all irrelevant for them , they care about `` the truth '' , right ? 
  christ , that 's a pointless conversation , you ca n't reasonably explain your point of view in 3 messages already . 
  i think that 's so `` obvious '' and `` intuitive '' for you , that you ca n't even tell any reasonable argument why rt is so horrible . 
  have they lied about anything , misrepresent/misinformed ? 
  most likely , but let us hear about it and discuss that particular lie . 
  yes , they 're point is not the truth , there is no such fucking thing as `` the truth '' if the world of politics , it 's always points of view . 
  theyr point is to give the point of view of russian government , which is n't exactly , but very closely related to the point of view of majority of russian people . 
  whatever mate , jedem das seine . 
  as a reasonable and educated person you can glare at `` the truth '' from cnn , they 're great at that . 
  sorry what 's your point again ? 
  everyone has bias but rt is just the worst because that 's the voice of kremlin ? 
  sorry , the part when kremlin somehow means the worst is n't clear to me . 
  they 're horrible because `` as everyone knows '' kremlin is horrible ? 
  communist , wat ? 
  or they 're horrible because you do n't like their point of view ? 
  seems a bit more reasonable . 
  or they 're horrible because you know exact cases when they lied/conciously misinformed/etc something ? 
  well then tell us . 
  they 're worst propaganda because they 're mouthpiece of kremlin does n't cut it , it is n't logical to me . 
  ok , you have a lengthy reply with a lot of various points , that 's great . 
  but never in that reply did i saw that any of those points are caused by the video we 're discussing . 
  it 's like you just have some thoughts about rt , but the video does n't prove any of your points . 
  additionally you 're from lithuania , so together with my previous point it leads me into believing that you 're biased against russia , would that be reasonable ? 
  i think it 's very reasonable . 
  but should i ignore your actual points and call your message `` propaganda '' just because you have some kind of bias ? 
  without even reading it , without thinking about what exactly are you saying , just because you 're biased ? 
  i can , i guess , but i wo n't as the biases are irrelevant in a way , as long as there are some real arguments and logic behind it . 
  but it sure is important to know what kind of bias someone has . 
  i hope you get my point and understand that i 'm not really talking about you here , but about rt. 
  so , let 's go further . 
  rt is sure is mouthpiece of kremlin , but there are several points - first of all it 's not like kremlins is telling them directly what exactly to do and to say . 
  they ca n't work that bluntly even in russian national tv , even though only people after 50 are watching this crap . 
  it just is n't working that way , it 's very easy to raise straight to the status of opposition supestart if you 'll expose any of those `` direct orders '' from kremlin . 
  the following scandal will just screw any credibility kremlin has , so they 're not working that way . 
  especially not on rt when there is huge amount of foreign journalist who can create themselves an excellent reputation by slapping rt door after theirselves saying that it 's all a propaganda network and they were pressured into doing something . 
  do you think larry king for example , or all different guests from the whole world are told what to say by kremlin ? 
  just like this guy in the video ? 
  now that 's one . 
  obviously it does n't mean in the slightest , that rt does n't have bias , they surely have some sctrict guidelines of what topics they need to pursue and which to avoid . 
  obviously topics to avoid are internal russian politics and all that stuff . 
  you sure wo n't have any valid picture of russian live just watching rt , no doubt about it . 
  the second point i kind of already covered - bias does n't make your reasoning and logic any less valid . 
  if i 'm biased against a murderer of my friend for example , but i can present evidence that he 's the murderer - my bias does n't make the evidence any less valid . 
  look at the arguments , at what people are saying , not his bias . 
  i mean sure bias needs to be considered in the way of `` i 'm not happy how cnn covers manning trial , let 's see what rt has to say about that , they do n't care about us party agenda , covering our official asses and persuading interests of turner 's media empire , let 's see what they think about it '' . 
  obviously you still should n't trust what you 're hearing from them , but i would argue you should n't trust any media source , it 's lame . 
  even if rt is a mouthpiece of kremlin , it does n't yet mean they 're wrong . 
  they 're not putting information inside you without your concern , they have facts , arguments and some kind of reasoning and that 's what you need to hear instead of believing them . 
  i understand that you distrust russia for example , but they 're not all evil lying cheating imperial bastards as you led to believe by the western media ? 
  if we start counting , then amount of good news abour russia in western media is of order of magnitude less that amount of good rt news about the west . 
  would that mean that western media is biased beyond any redemption ? 
  and honestly , why exactly do you believe that some western journalists on rt who 're receiving the payslip from the kremlin are more biased that western journalists receiving the payslip from turner media empire for example ? 
  ca n't you read ? 
  or give them to hitler instead , so he 'll have an easier time invading ? 
  yea , that 's thinking of your own survival . 
  sure it wo n't win you any popularity contests in the west , but sorry if ussr did n't want the role of a sacrificial lamb which west prepared for it . 
  really ? 
  so lets say person a does n't make a secret that it wants to kill person b and enslave his family , now person c and d are instaed of aligning with person b against a , give a a mandate to kill someone else and are totally fine if b is killed afterwards . 
  then they create a huge fuzz when person b looking at such behaviour tries to shield himself frim person a by robbing someone else . 
  well , fuck you mate , you sure are innocent as hell . 
  some things are questionable ( biased ) but i would agree nevertheless . 
  horrible time , horrible people . 
  i wish someone could have strangled lenin in his cradle , all the rest are direct cosequences of 1917 october revolution , including stalin . 
  but its history nevertheless . 
  stalin tried to form the alliance , but uk and france were n't interested and why should they ? 
  hitler is far away from uk and france has `` inpenetrable maginot line '' , and if mr.hitler tries to take out russia as he wrote in `` main kampf '' - even better !, 
  and czechoslovakia ? 
  who the fuck cares , such a small price to pay for `` peace '' - sacrificing a pawn . 
  so after that lesser known success of western diplomacy you lose all moral ground to criticize ussr for molotov-ribbentrop pact , when we tried to think about our own survival , after diplomatic solutions ti stop mr. hitler were exhausted . 
  and no , very little people know about chamberlain in uk ( yes , i was living in uk for a long time ) , but everyone knows about bad guy stalin and invasion of poland . 
  rt is obviously biased , as any other big media source . 
  that 's why you have a brain and can decide which arguments make sense and which does n't , it 's always good to know different perpectives . 
  but in this case - what exactly have you learned from it ? 
  how does it really operate ? 
  how much censorship there ars really ? 
  all i can see is some invited activists hijacked the show , made his point freely and continued bis activism even after beeing politely asked to return to the main discussion . 
  then obviously turned off . 
  do you think it woulx be different on any other tv channel ? 
  i would say there is very high chance it would n't be aired at all . 
  if anything , it proves that they 're professionals , i guess . 
  not sure what they did wrong here , he clearly was n't interested in the discussion he was invited for but wanted to do an aggressive public statement accusing everyone and everything . 
  well he did that and still was n't interested in anything but his public statement . 
  so the discussion about manning was hijacked by some random guy with an aggressive agenda . 
  i would say they were too patient . 
  sure , i wo n't mind to have statue of molotov , but in russia . 
  as an additional gesture i would suggest electing a statue of [ neville chamberlain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) , in the glorious pose of signing document with mr.hitler feeding their ally czechoslovakia to him to buy `` peace for our time '' . 
  that would be hilarious too !, 
  or just 60 years old ? 
  or have their hard lives without an ability to spend a lot of the time to learn the language ? 
  and now they 're second-class citizens in the country when they were living for maybe half a century ? 
  fuck them , right ? 
  i know that , but i do n't get what you 're pointing at exactly - russians ca n't pass the tests because they 're disrespectful ? 
  or they should automatically like everything estonian government does ? 
  sorry , i really have no clue what are you talking about . 
   the `` sinok '' ( ca n't be bothered to copy/paste cyrillic ) was a nice touch though you ca n't even remember your own words . 
  let me remind you : `` seriously , go see a therapist , son . '', 
   seriously ?
