  well , i do n't know man , if you prefer to start the conversation with a drivel implying there 's something menacing in my words so something-something stalin etc. 
  the usual stuff - it 's hard now to change the subject to something more intelligent . 
   ok i re-though what i wanted to write , forced russification and removal of all opposition is ok if you get rid of all `` referendum '' nonsense and terat crimea as conquered territory . 
  i still do n't quite understand what are you trying to say . 
  the point was to create a man above ethnicities , which is not very realistic task by itself as you can guess . 
  so what 's your point again ? 
  the russian language was the main language in ussr because you need to have a single language in a country to achieve their goals for that internationalist person , which language should 've been used for that i wonder ? 
  random one or the one which was spoken by the majority ? 
  you 're not complaining that usa suppresses irish language of irish americans forcing them to speak a common language english , do you ? 
  noone removes crimean tatars from anything , government just wants to be the single authority for that ethnic group because their current authority is anti-russian . 
  but who am i telling it to , you 're polish , you must be hearing uncle stalin every night at sleep - noone can full you anymore !, 
  every russian is literally stalin and hitler is their tsar !, 
  i 'm just trying to tell to you that the mental model you have is too simplistic , things were different . 
  russians were the `` core '' only in the sense that they were the majority and purely ethnic notion of `` russian '' was replaced by the notion of `` russian '' more like an allegiance or citizen of ussr . 
  just like american is not exactly an ethnic term as it 's possible to have irish american or german american , it 's close to the soviet `` russian '' the ussr promoted . 
  any nationalism , russian or not was strongly suppressed . 
  again - everyone was soviet or `` russian '' in that new sense . 
  ethnic deportations were done in the time of war as an emergency measure against actual or possible collaborations . 
  one exception is baltic states when it was done to behead the national movement . 
  i 'm not trying to say they were right or wrong , i 'm just trying to explain you their logic . 
  everything was done to suppress ethnic nationalism , that 's part of their policy to create a new person - soviet man , he can be georgian , russian or lithuanian , but he 's soviet first . 
  they understanded well that ethnic nationalism of any kind will be the death of the union , and it basically happened exactly like that . 
  you can say that they tried to push the human evolution , make it faster by creating that big melting pot of a country on an unprecedented level . 
  again , i 'm not saying that they were right or wrong , but you ca n't say that russians wanted to oppress anyone else and russify them - that 's a shallow view of it . 
  even if you take a look at ethnic population of the government - it 's so far from being russian only it 's anecdotal . 
  believe what you want , soviet war crimes are numerous , just as war crimes of any other big participant in that conflict , including allies . 
  and taken that for most it was n't about survival not only of their state but about their actual people - it 's quite easy to understand the reasons for them . 
  but i suspect you 're vastly exaggerating them , as it 's popular now . 
  ow wow , do i need to really argue with a russophobe without any ad-hominems ? 
  is it how it 's done in yurop ? 
  - hey you dirty hungarian asshole , i hate you and all of your idiotic brethren !, 
  - excuse me sir , i would respectfully disagree with your harsh words about my ethnicity and would like you to rebuke them by providing a document from a psychologist when he states that my iq is in fact more than 100 , so i ca n't be an idiot . 
  also from the expert in cleansiness when he disproves your statement that i 'm dirty !, 
  no man , you can go fuck yourself with all of your adhominems as far as i 'm concerned . 
  but your hate really fuels my drive , if you know what i mean , so please continue . 
  well , you 're just telling me that you are a russophobe on the biological level , do you want me to ask you for an autograph or something ? 
  you 're not the first one i meet , honestly . 
  have you tried sedatives ? 
  oh i 'm sure nothing can affect the mind of 8 year old child who will just take everything as he sees and hears and remember it in memory snapshots . 
  and parents do n't have any control on that . 
  impossible !!!!!!!, 
  that exactly the type of comment i was responding to as `` dumb '' and `` simplistic '' , or shallow , if you want to sugar-coat it . 
  `` nationalists '' have a lot of arguments why ussr was n't a russian state , unless you understand `` russian '' as a synonym to `` soviet '' . 
  `` patriots '' say in the spirit of soviet internationalism - we do n't care about the ethnicity , if the person self-identifies himself as a russian , as in - russian citizen , then he 's russian and then ussr was a russian state for them . 
  russian chauvinism , slavic identity during ussr - nonsense , just bollocks . 
  let me remind you that ussr was much more ethnically diverse country than the current russia is , balts , huge amount of muslims , ingenious people etc - how exactly would you use `` russian chauvinism '' or `` slavic indentity '' on them ? 
  no , instead it was extreme internationalism when it was always about soviet people and then about particular ethnicity , the word `` russian '' there was a synonym to the word `` soviet '' when it was used . 
  they basically tried to replace russian ethnicity with soviet multi-ethnicity , and partially succeeded and partially not . 
  just based on fact that there are those `` nationalists '' and `` patriots '' in russia still . 
  so basically russian people as an ethnicity are collectively blamed for some alleged wrongdoings . 
  no russophobia here , move along . 
  just facts man , just facts . 
  what a great memory your 8 years old grandmother has !, 
  it has nothing to do with ethnicity though . 
  i mean some part of crimean tatars acknowledge medjlis as it 's authority , so ethnicity component is apparent here - as it 's authority over crimean tatars only , the one some part of them wants . 
  so by fighting against that medjlis `` authority '' you can argue that russian government is fighting against crimean tatars ethnicity , when in fact it would be completely wrong to say that - russian government just do n't want any alternative authority to the government , especially if it 's heavily anti-russian as medjlis is . 
  what about your grandmother , how many russians raped her ? 
   but nationalism in the russian sense ( you speak russian = you are russian ) it 's far more complicated than that , usually it 's self identification that matters , and usually people who are speaking russian as a first language are identifying themselves as russians . 
  because of the culture . 
  more - russian nationalists usually are heavily ussr bashing because for them it 's an oppressive regime who was oppressing ethnically russian people . 
  those are people who understand `` russian '' as an ethnicity . 
  now russian `` patriots '' , those who understand `` russian '' as a culture or self-identified `` allegiance '' to the russian state , perceive ussr as a part of it 's history , maybe not always glorious , but history . 
  and taken that ussr was massively and universally bashed in russian media in 90s and early 00s - now that pendulum swinged in the other direction as there 's a big disellusionment in the west . 
  maybe a bit naive one , but still . 
  those `` patriots '' are at war with `` nationalists '' btw . 
  so basically any russian who 's trying to seriously read sentences like yours or others here which are swiping massive and complicated layers of issues and culture under some dumb simplistic formulas and trying to pretend they understand something - it makes them cringe even if they want to agree with you . 
   you have to realize that the preferences of the masses are fickle and manipulable . 
  while the russian people may largely be pro-putin today , in two decades they may be just as accommodating to the west . 
  yay , that 's just the right argument for a democracy !, 
  fuck what people really think because they 'll think whatever people in power want them to , so in two decades they can think the opposite !, 
  yay for democracy , when people 's opinions really matter !, 
  tatars are 12 % of crimea population , so not sure how they can affect the legitimacy of referendum in any way or form , unless you want to nitpick something as it usually goes . 
  they 're irrelevant in the big picture of things there . 
  the only problems russian government has against them is that the medjlis , their `` authority '' is anti-russian in it 's nature ( because of stalin 's deportations ) and what 's more important for the government - it 's a sort of alternative authority to the official government for tatars , so they 're trying to shut it down . 
  so russian government is trying to bring crimean tatars unders its control , instead of letting them boil under alternative anti-russian authority . 
  it would be very weird if they have n't done it , honestly . 
  it 's very weird though , as everyone knows it 's only possible to be a russian shill . 
  so he must be a russian shill ... who 's bashing russia !? 
   also , fuck russia . 
  russia brings nothing good to this world . 
  yurop is mad at us again !, 
  for the last thousand years already !, 
  we need to do something !, 
   real debate . 
  at the current point no real debate is possible , and i 'm being serious . 
  `` blame for this is on russia '' , `` russia wants '' - careful with those videogames kid . 
  ah , good times !, 
  now you can officially ignore everything which is said by any russian no matter the actual content , as now you have evidence that he 's an actual paid troll !, 
  ( not that it ever was a problem to ignore someone , but still ) so that that single lonely russian without pro-western views which sometimes still ( ! ), 
  randomly wonders into / r/europe by mistake can be ignored , shamed and officially humiliated as he 's clearly a paid troll . 
  and if he 's not then he 's brainwashed zombie anyway because everyone knows russians are brainwashed if they 're not pro-western , clearly . 
  let 's just build a wall from any opinions we do n't like and start listening to only one or two `` unbiased '' sources , ignoring people who do n't agree with us because they 're paid trolls/shills/brainwashed zombies and let 's just speak with nice likeminded people in an echo chamber . 
  so yea , good day to be yuropean !, 
  all bases are covered , democracy and human rights will prevail !, 
  well , after you guys decisevely concluded that putin is actually hitler our government decided there is no point in pretending anymore so it issued an official decree to take off masquerading covers from all of our buildings , so they 're actually all black now . 
  unless it 's russia and it 's like totally pitch black man !, 
  excellent point amigo , it really became quite an aggressive environment for discussing anything seriosly recently , i 've noticed it too . 
  but i hope it will settle down , everyone will relax and you 'll be back to usual stuff of discussing how putin is literally hitler in every second post ( it 's currently close to every 3rd ) . 
  you 're yuropeans after all , cradle of civilization !, 
  behave yourself and act according to your long and glorious history - instead of arguing with each other you need to unite and all together shit on russians !,
