  oh , you have a democracy when people can actually do something ? 
  here , have a downvote !, 
  respect to you guys , the only country in europe which still has some understanding what a sovereignty is . 
  that 's the funny thing but even based on this thread , or on the whole r/europe where you guys together with your cousins from baltic states are the main sources of hysterical russophobia which leads from time to time to giant europe-sized circlejerks - we sure can hurt your feelings , oh yes . 
  but you ca n't hurt ours , that 's the thing . 
  sorry i hurt your feelings man . 
  actually no , fuck it , you 're polish after all . 
  you can always clean those london toilets better for an extra tip or two . 
   it is , but it 's also morally right . 
  it 's helping the ukranian people maintain their voice , maintain their say in government so it does n't end up like another bullshit authoritarian dictatorship under russia 's sphere of influence . 
  cheeesiee chreeeesie , americans being morally right again , always helping people , always on guard !, 
  oh shit , poland wants to take kaliningrad from us !, 
  so first - let out oligarchs increase the pay for cleaning toilets in london , so those poles who are still refusing to leave poland change their minds . 
  and second - let 's have a word ... with germany . 
  as it 's putin 's fault , not your media which tries to present every single putin 's breath as another sensation , if not a menacing threat . 
  honestly mate , russians and americans have much more in common than americans and europeans , believe it or not . 
  right , now / r/europe can all unite in a single giant anti-russian circlejerk !, 
  the next is coming in couple of days , according to the regular schedule . 
  we 're / r/europe after all , the reddits official club of butthurted by russia . 
  saying that while americans are about to turn syria into the blooming garden of democracy , prosperity and human rights . 
  and not only in an empty words of an old political clown , but in practice - using bombs and depleted uranium shells , which cause happiness for generations !, 
   i 'm not sure what it is he suggests us to do . 
  do n't buy the propaganda ? 
   mr alekseyev has been a leading opponent in russia of laws governing gay `` propaganda '' -- and also recently criticised those in the west for appearing to jump on a boycott bandwagon of the sochi 2014 winter olympics.on 17 august he tweeted : `` western media has no respect for russia and its people and lgbt population included . 
  what they report about sochi and gay propaganda is sham . ''`` all western media want to hear from me that russia is shit and i do n't want to take part in this hypocrisy . 
  so all interviews are over ! '' sounds about right . 
  and no , it 's not sarcasm . 
   read first paragraphs of my previous reply once again , please . 
  i hate to be redundant . 
  the one which proudly states that you have a multi-party state ? 
  well that 's very cute , but apparently a party line still exist in all of those parties , so the difference is hardly visible . 
   q : is it possible , that some victims were killed by lithuanian freedom fighters ? 
   a : no . 
  there was no such thing as armed freedom fighters at the events . 
  the main principle of the singing revolution was peaceful resistance . 
  and why exactly is n't it possible ? 
  oh right , because it was a peaceful resistance . 
  anything else ? 
  and because it is n't possible questioning that will get you in trouble with the law ? 
  that 's very convenient i would say . 
   q : is that fair ? 
  does n't it infringe freedom of speech ? 
  sure , let 's equalize every touchy subject with the holocaust and punish discussing it , that 'll show them our democratic freedoms !, 
  oh , you 're not entirely sure that all people there were killed by the evil soviets ? 
  now the jail will serve you well , you filthy holocaust denier !, 
  lithuania . 
  where exactly am i saying that ? 
  you know , i 'm wondering what 's the line when i need to actually start just telling people where they need to go ( \u043d\u0430 \u0445\u0443\u0439 ) with their stupid accusations , instead of replying to them . 
  so , you want to say that if being in / r/europe , in that famous `` european club of butthurted by russians '' , and providing some articles when a person is prosecuted for telling something which crosses to the official party line - i 'm having a confirmation bias ? 
  man , the irony is so wasted on you apparently , but no , it 's you who is full of that bias . 
  what exactly is wrong in what i said ? 
  what is a lie or misinformation ? 
  i have the same access to the exact same sources as you have - the internet , but for some reason you feel fine living in your cosy little world with pictures instead of windows , and does n't want to even question anything around you , ironically calling it `` confirmation bias '' ... mate , you 're amazing . 
  btw - noone questions lithuanian version of events , russia does n't care , it 's the lithuanian who does it . 
  and i personally do n't have any problems acknowledging that it 's someone in soviet army gave an order to shoot civilians , but how can i do that if i do n't know that ? 
  i can say it 's most likely done by soviets - sure . 
  but the point of my message was different - when even questioning the official version will get you prosecuted , then it 's not exactly ok in my book . 
  yes , so basically everything is like i said in the first message - you ca n't question the party line , mmmmkay ? 
  because those victims of soviet aggression are very important part of the whole lithuanian independence history , it would be a bit embarassing if it turns out that they were killed by the same freedom fighters . 
  ooops ... 
  although i actually support you guys , it would be amazing if you could question the best friend of the west - mr.gorby about those events in vilnius . 
  as i said i gave 3 articles about the same thing , anyone can choose what they like to hear , including searching in google for more articles . 
  and i do n't see any discussion here around prosecuting the person who dare to question the party line , you 're all fascinated by the article which does n't have a pro-lithuanian stance , which is just missing the point . 
  and your point is ? 
  not sure you can be an expert looking at photos , besides `` snipers '' does n't mean they were using sniper rifles , although who knows . 
  in other words that armchair expertise by the photos is cute and all , but the point here is not that i 'm trying to say it 's done by lithuanian snipers or not ( i do n't have any idea , and i 'm not an expert and neither are you for that matter ) , the point is that merely investigating - asking witnesses , collecting evidences and questioning the official line of party will get you prosecuted . 
  and apparently there were witnesses and evidences which does n't fit into the official line . 
  you can find your own `` unbiased '' source if you want . 
  i 'm sure it will be in favour of your point of view about the history , which is clearly much more unbiased !, 
  superiorly unbiased !, 
  i gave you 3 sources , choose what you like , you can find more in google , suit yourself . 
  so , if i understand correctly you 're feeling fine by charging people who tend to question the official ~ ~ line of party ~ ~ version of events there , right ? 
  not sure i agree with you about excusing the soviet reaction to it either , it was reaction of an empire falling apart , peacefully i must add - there were no more violence which is extremely surprising considering the circumstances . 
  lithuanians sure do n't have any problems shutting down people who dare to question who exactly was killing civilians there , soviet army or [ lithuanian snipers on the roof ] ( http://balticworlds.com/trial-in-vilnius/ ) . 
  and [ here ] ( http://press.org/news-multimedia/news/lithuanian-former-journalist-accuses-country-trying-deny-his-speech-freedom-sen ) and [ here ] ( http://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2013/01/16/lithuania-stamped-out-truth.html ) . 
  they even have the law `` which bans the denial of crimes committed by the soviet or nazi regimes in lithuania '' - so essentially even questioning the official version is impossible . 
  it 's not that it 's crystal clear who did it , but there are witnesses and some proof that it was n't in fact soviet army . 
  and this guy is prosecuted by merely collecting that evidence and presenting to the public . 
  i was , before living abroad of it for a long time . 
  now other people hating my country are fueling my love to it , 
  aaaw , you 're so rude , i thought the fact that we both despise the same country will unify us after all !, 
  russians and poles holding hands in the great moment of unity , hating poland !, 
  j/k , we do n't care, 
  nah , i despise your own as well . 
  best of luck with them !, 
  and thanks !, 
  i do n't give a flying spaghetti monster what you see and what you do n't , you seem incapable for reasonable conversation anyway . 
   i see cnn/aljazeera just marginally better than rt. 
  marginally . 
  and  rt it radically different . 
  also  bbc is better , but far from perfect exactly because the government can influence the subcription price ( british govermnent has some leverage ) . 
  so , price is the only problem there , is n't it ? 
  what about all the things i 've listed there , ratings , marketing revenues ( even if not in the case of bbc ) ? 
  which mean that it only makes sense to cover popular/mainstream opinions , otherwise someone can be offended/don ' t get it ? 
  essentially giving the viewer what he wants to hear , not `` the truth '' , they do n't have any incentive to tell them `` the truth '' whatever it is . 
  that has much bigger effect on channel 's bias than price . 
  good score with government officials and/or businesses , as they 're providing a lot of content , exclusives etc ? 
  which means they need to choose very carefully what can they say about them . 
   with media like rt. ... true miracle !, 
  rt is an english language channel , virtually noone watching it in russia .
