  but are they factual ? 
  yes . 
  so basically if you imagine yourself on the place of stalin ( let 's simplify it dramatically ) then you have a classical dilemma of choosing between two evils . 
  in this case between two great evils . 
  if you do n't do anything with collaborators you 're compromising your front lines , supply lines , personnel and so on . 
  and it 's a full blown war of annihilation so everything is on stake , just to remind you , but as ukrainian you should know that anyway . 
  or you 're killing many many thousands of people deporting them and solving that problem that way . 
  well , being stalin and making decisions on behalf of one side of the most brutal war in human history he decided it like that . 
  would you decide it differently on his place ? 
  maybe , but you 're not . 
  i just hope that i never will be on that place . 
  yup , it 's / r/europe , reddit 's official club of butthurted by russia :-), 
  what exactly the person who decided to remind me about tatar oppression in `` tsarist russia '' wanted then ? 
  what 's the point of that statement ? 
  and most importantly - what is has to do with me ? 
  i 'm what , representative ot `` tsarist russia '' ? 
  or do i need to fall on my knees and start crying , asking for forgiveness ? 
  so yea , russia is in the long line of countries who were around long enough to do something nasty in their history . 
  thanks for reminding but it 's irrelevant . 
  / facepalm, 
  ussr released 15 states when they wanted independence , you do n't have any problems with that i hope ? 
  but chechnya was different , it was very clear that their `` independence '' has nothing to do with the real independence , they have a criminal enclave there . 
  second - there was a genocide of russians there , if you 're not aware . 
  and third - chechnya was de-facto independent after the first war , but as it was never about independence for them , but about slave labour , maraudering , banditism and building an islamic state while they 're at it . 
  so after some [ painful realization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budyonnovsk_hospital_hostage_crisis ) what that `` independence '' really means that de-facto independence was taken back . 
  give us a break , what exactly were you expecting us to do ? 
  you do n't mind that now checnya bathes in billions they have n't earned at all , stupidly luxurious palaces are built there , everything is renovated and so on ? 
  not to mention that it 's mostly for the same bandits who were killing russians 15 years ago and who are openly bragging about it , shooting people openly at the streets of moscow and provide a huge source for ethnic organized crime in russia . 
  that 's sadly the moscow way of buying peace in chechnya . 
  so how do you imagine russians look at chechnya now ? 
  we would gladly give you any independence you like , as long as we can elect a 15m steel solid wall with some electricity attached to it on the border first !, 
  i have n't murdered anyone , i just do n't care about your attempts to make me guilty of everything russia done in the past . 
  i 'm still hoping i 'm talking with reasonable people who understand that similar thing can be said for absolutely every country , at least if it exists for more than 200 years . 
  not everyone but most , yes . 
  my point was different , my point was that a lot of countries did various nasty things in the past , and i 'm not exactly sure for how long do we need to feel the guilt for that ? 
  let 's just define the time officially maybe ? 
  and i could 've used any other country , not us , but that native american genocide is one of the most famous . 
  btw , you 're not speaking with russia , unless you 're a looney . 
  you 're speaking with me . 
  jesus christ , i 'm really really sorry for ~ ~ native americans ~ ~ tatars !, 
  on behalf of the whole `` tsarist russia '' !, 
  oh i 'm sure collaboration with nazis is totally fine for him , he 's french after all !, 
  grats !, 
  man , can you get your facts straight for once ? 
  first of all deportation of tatars was not 50 years ago , but in 1944 , so 70 years ago , but that 's minor . 
  what 's not minor is that tatars were far from the majority , it was [ 20-25 % ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_crimea#crimea_in_the_soviet_union:_1922.e2.80.931991 ) . 
  and third - `` shipped in russians '' sentence boggles my mind . 
  noone was shipped from anywhere , your mental model of how soviet union was looking at that period is very far from the truth . 
  the russian population was living there for hundred of years already . 
  can you just educate yourself a little before writing that bullshit ? 
  and what it has to do with independence i wonder ? 
  the history just proves that that region does n't have much ties with ukraine , that 's it . 
  and it was assigned to the ukrainian ssr just for administrative reasons . 
  so what prevents them from declaring independence exactly ? 
  typical / r/europe for you - some dumbass expresses a simplistic but anti-russian opinion - upvoted . 
  russian corrected facts there - downvoted . 
  europe !, 
  i 'm sure the simpsons did it before him too . 
  but i 'm glad godwin 's law still works . 
   as you 're so big on minority rights , do n't you think that crimean tartars also have a say on whether they 'd like to go back under russian rule ? 
   sure , all 12 % of them . 
  and frankly , looking at how putin and kadyrov are the best buddies for life when he 's bathing in millions , i 'm sure putin can persuade crimean tatars without too much problem . 
  ( not that i 'm supporting it , i hope it 's obvious ) about the language - the majority in some regions simply do n't know the proper ukrainian ( \u0441\u0443\u0440\u0436\u0438\u043a - sure ) , because you know what - they 're not really ukrainians !, 
  that being said maybe they 'll introduce a new law solving that problem , i 'm totally fine with that . 
  but so far the only message crimea got is the message i outlined above . 
  and it 's reasonable . 
   we europeans know how to properly interact with russia much better than the americans . 
  [ yes indeed !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_barbarossa ) too bad you did n't quite had the luck last time , right ? 
   hopefully that will make the world safe and peaceful . 
  yup , that always was the intention !, 
  and it 's more than most . . 
  what do you know about russia apart from vodka ? 
  and how good do you think you know it on the scale from 1 to 10 ? 
  how dare you , everyone knows that only russians do propaganda !, 
  noble message ? 
  cheesus christ !, 
  ukrainian nationalists with 8814 on shields , portraits of bandera and shouting `` stab russian with a knife '' , sometimes even with ak in their hands from maidan - those have `` noble message '' apparently , right !, 
  but russians in crimea who want to stay russians in crimea and who are n't happy with throwing their democratic choice out of the window by some nazis - they do n't have `` noble message '' . 
  even more !, 
  they 're `` hardcore ultranationalists '' now !, 
  reddit ca n't produce something more fucked up than that , i 'm impressed . 
  people from crimea are hardcore ultranationalists ? 
  wow , that 's rich . 
  have you concluded it from the flag burning ? 
  no better way to turn russia to the western ways than some degenerate `` artists '' , right . 
  works so well !, 
  the government was about south-eastern ukraine , and they elected yanukovich ( democratically , i may add , confirmed by eu observers ) hoping for the better integration with russia and giving russian language an official status . 
  and janukovich never pushed in that direction too much btw , being a corrupt idiot as he is . 
  but it 's not as if he was the only one , remembering the glorious leader before janukovich which left the office with 1 % approval rating . 
  but as we all know it 's horrible if people democratically elect officials to represent their interests . 
  it 's not how it suppose to work !, 
  it suppose to work like this - violent coup supported by the other half of the country , throwing away anything south-east wants in the trash and the whole world cheers to the new democracy !, 
  yay !, 
  if it 's anti-russian then it must be democracy , as we all know !, 
  so what 's so unusual in people from crimea , which was gifted by ussr 60 years ago purely for administrative reasons and which never was ukrainian in the first place , use russians flags ? 
  because they 're fucking russians !, 
  and do n't really want to be in the country when their wishes are discarded so easily , when even if they do every democratic procedure correctly - some bunch of nationalists from the west can overthrow the government and immediately start fucking with status of their language . 
  what an isightful comment you have !, 
  not sure if i care about having discussions with you , as well as about legitimacy of calling nazi a nazi .
