russia was the only player with resources - so my blaming it for the outcome does not mean it did so out of pure malice or anything . 
   if something was different about russia now , if it learned its lesson - but it is much worse now , an imperialist dictatorship invading its neighbours whenever it pleases . 
  you russians seem to support your leadership , so here i will agree with you - those who support these policies share the blame . 
  and everyone , regardless of personal opinions , will share the inevitable consequences of chauvinism , fascism and imperialism that rules your country today . 
   but collectively you are much much worse now , more chauvinistic , imperialistic , racist , etc. 
  so now you do know what you want , and it turns out it 's abkhazia times 10 . 
  ok , ok , i got it - you really desperately want to express your dissatisfaction with russia 's foreign policy , mentality and everything for that matter ( chauvinistic , imperialistic , racist , etc ) . 
  cool stuff , do i really need to comment it ? 
  thanks for your opinion i guess . 
   how many times do i need to say that i 'm not personally accusing you of anything ? 
  do you have paranoia or guilt for something ? 
  no , of course you do n't want to accuse me of anything , it just russia is chauvinistic , imperialistic , racist , fascistic , whateveristic and i probably need to feel bad of it . 
  anything else you want to accuse us of or you 'll finally pay for gas ? 
  we 're very greedy too you know . 
  see , even without knowing me you 're still convinced that i 'm the brainwashed here . 
  no doubt there , not a single sign of uncertainty , just that firm look and the firm believe that i 'm the brainwashed here . 
  i believe you mate , whatever you say . 
  no mate , you 're not really [ paying for gas ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702304655304579547672755851310 ) . 
  cmon man , do n't be lazy , go to the bank and pay for you fucking gas !, 
  it 's a great indicator of how brainwashed you are , mostly . 
   not you of course , your country . 
  the country is an abstract and decisions are made by people , someone supports them , someone does n't . 
  a country being responsible is a bit of a hazy concept honestly . 
  i mean it 's possible to have that wording in some contexts , but it 's very lazy and dangerous way of thinking . 
   it turned the war around . 
  without russia 's military help , the abkhazian minority would have never been able to ethnically cleanse the georgian majority out of abkhazia . 
  nope . 
  it 's not that simple , it never is . 
  russians were there as well and a lot of them were killed as well , georgian leadership were stubborn and extremely corrupt - they did n't want peace either , as well as abkhazians . 
  do n't put every sin in that fucked up civil war on russia , we were avoiding civil deaths at least while dealing with two fucked up regimes . 
  being corrupt and incompetent idiots as we were there - no arguing there . 
   i was n't saying that , i meant your country 's responsibility . 
  in fact , i was pretty clear , i 'll even quote myself : `` accept russia 's share of responsibility '' . 
  and as i was saying it 's an idiotic concept . 
   it is absolutely equivalent . 
  what you said about the american in idaho applies in exactly the same way to a russian from chelyabinsk or some idaho-like part of russia . 
  it would be equivalent if russians in the early nineties had some word in what was going on in the country , and pretty much noone apart of a small circle of people knew what 's going on and noone but them could control it . 
  we all were naive idealistic idiots with crap in the head , including myself . 
  i can say that i 'm really ashamed of myself in the early nineties , doing idiotic stupid things without really understanding anything . 
   your distortion of my argument is laughable . 
  i ca n't even say `` nice try '' . 
  i never implied personal responsibility ( unless you actually personally took part in that criminal invasion of abkhazia ) , and there is n't a single phrase of mine from which you can draw that conclusion . 
  i 'm not distorting anything , for the third time i 'm telling you that i can accept collective responsibility only in very rare cases , i 'm all for personal responsibility . 
  are you responsible for killing 40 + ( or 100 + , i do n't know ) people in odessa a week ago ? 
  do you have a share of responsibility ? 
  is your country responsible for it ? 
  it 's kind of different questions which will have different answers , is n't it ? 
  and why do you think i 'm distorting or dodging anything ? 
  i 'm perfectly honest , what exactly do i need to be ashamed of ? 
  nothing . 
  it looks like you 're desperately trying to accuse me of something or prove something to me or catch me on something i said or did or thought , what 's up with that ? 
  i do n't have the responsibility for it , not even a share of it , obviously . 
  and what my responsibility could give you anyway ? 
  i 'm not taking responsibility for every case of corruption or mismanage of funds or murder or any other crime which happens in russia . 
  especially if it happened in 93 . 
  the pecekeeping operation was good and useful in principle , in practice there were some interests of important people involved in that . 
  do n't pretend that it affected the result by much btw , it was n't . 
  and of course i 'm and the majority of my countryman are n't responsible for it . 
  is regular american from idaho shares the responsibility for civilian deaths or refugees or civil wars or drone strikes or tortures his countrys troops are responsible for ? 
  yes , but very indirect and depends is he supports it or not really and what he is doing about it . 
  can we say thr same for russians involvement in that civil war ? 
  not a fucking chance . 
  any other crimes you want to accuse me as a random russian citizen ? 
  go ahead , i do n't mind . 
   all it takes is for some rebels to do some shooting , and off they go , intervening . 
  then , after cleansing all the russians from there , some dude will say `` oh , those russians ? 
  you 're aware which country applies pretty much this reasoning to their foreign policy adventures , right ? 
  and i 'm not sure why do you like to point those kind of `` sins '' to me , i can name plenty myself , by russia and by other countries . 
  do you remember who and how was ruling russia in 90s , do you ? 
  to this day i 'm surprised that we 're still alive after that honestly . 
  sorry , what 's your point again ? 
  my brainwashed brain is confused . 
  russia did `` unjust '' things ? 
  you bet !, 
  especially if you 're wearing a perfectly white dress of moral purity yourself and like to judge countries as if they were people applying the same morality code to them and doing it from the perspective of the current day when everything is known and clear , ignoring everything - circumstances , times , motives etc. 
  will it give you much ? 
  not really . 
  you should consider going to russian-ukrainian weddings for example , after the third-fourth bottle of vodka when shit hits the fan . 
  that 's when a true battle of civilizations begins !, 
  naked red fat european smashing the bold head of red fat russian against the wall , or vice versa . 
  great stuff . 
  good , good . 
  now you need to pay for gas . 
  but we really want to make you happy , our brothers and sisters !, 
  i know the details , my classmate was there actually and sure russia played it 's role there but we have nothing to do with georgia vs abkhazia hatred and fightings . 
  admittedly we were using the situation to achieve our interests ( or interests of some relatively unknown then oligarchs i would say ) , but without us the fighting would still be there - maybe abkhazians would be cleansed now . 
  so my point still stands perfectly - it 's their problem . 
  btw , why do you like to assume with that condescending tone of yours that i do n't know the basic history or banned on wikipedia or something ? 
  because we 're brainwashed zombies , banned on wikipedia and there is a certain lack of `` the only correct pov on history '' books in russia , right ? 
  and what if we will ? 
   will you get some putin then ? 
  it does n't look like you are , honestly mate !, 
  we 're your brothers after all , why ca n't we both embrace some putin ? 
  what do we have to do with abkhazia , mate ? 
  are you aware that they declared independence in 1991 and the war with georgia followed ? 
  is russia responsible for that in any way ? 
  if russia is supporting them now against the georgia , does n't mean that we 're responsible for their well being and standards of living , that 's their problem . 
  well , we surpassed you guys ( not that it 's hard , admittedly ) do you want some putin ? 
  i have some , but it 's not cheap dude !, 
  you can hide behind that formal argument forever if you like .
