  the regular western russian from moscow/st . p. 
  has much more in common with any russian from siberia or far east ( vladivostok etc ) than with a person from caucasus mountaints for example . 
  in fact i would hardly notice any difference between a russian from vladivistok and moscow . 
  so you 're right but instead of talking about siberians in your example it makes much more sense to talk about muslim/buddhist population ( dagestanians/chechens/buriats / kalmyks/etc ) . 
  i 'm talking about `` westernophiles vs slavophiles '' in a context of russian culture , which basically means `` westernophiles vs russophiles '' if you want to be technically correct . 
  `` yes '' with quotes . 
  as in - it 's much closer to being european than to asian or any other , but there 's a lot of differences in values , history interpretation etc. 
  that discussion `` westernophiles vs slavophiles '' is as old as russian identity really . 
  yea , i know my stuff , that 's why they pay me big bucks !, 
  i must say without any false modesty that i 'm the best shill around . 
   we 're not ready to join the eu cause we do n't hate russia ? 
  pretty much , sorry mate . 
  that 's the ~ ~ modern ~ ~ yurop , backstabbing a friend is a mandatory requirement for joining . 
  not sure how it 's relevant , it 's not that i 'm praising them , am i ? 
  i mean that the whole country is rural agricultural hole without anything which resembles any middle-class job - no high-tec , no science , no finance markets , high education is not really needed in the agrucultural country too , some offices of western companies for outsourcing and they 're struggling with hiring anyone worth two shits with that level of higher education . 
  and half of those youths are leaving for the rest of the europe anyway . 
  the whole country is a rural shithouse , i.e. 
  do n't get me wrong - you can say exactly the same about 80 % of russia too , it 's even worse . 
  but russia has big cities with many opportunities in any job and occupation you like , that 's the difference and it 's huge . 
  now comparing it to russia - sure russia has a lot of problems , and i 'm fine acknowledging them . 
  but man , to say that it 's better to live in lithuania than in russia in general - you need to be quite high on the brainwashed scale . 
  sure it 's better for someone , if you 're like working in the dirt , milking cows , constructing barns etc , then it 's probably better to do it in lithuania than in russia , although not much . 
  if you want to live any kind of decent life with any decent profession - man , that 's very questionable . 
  and just based on the people i was going to school with - most of them left for russia and are pretty settled there , some are currently in germany/italy , there 's very little who stayed in lithuania . 
  there 's just nothing to do there . 
  i 'm glad the country ended it 's development and became a `` developed country '' but man , it 's not really a magnet of immigration honestly . 
  wow , surely noone who was living in your beautiful country for 15 years would call it a wooden shithouse !, 
  russian immigration is professional - msc , phds , highly valuable profession in it or finance . 
  tier1 visa to uk . 
  it was closed i heard recently btw , so no need to worry . 
  so i 'm glad you fear our asiatic hordes of market analysts , mathematicians , software engineers who wanted to take juices of your magnificient countries . 
  i hope you 'll be happy with enlightened poles and lithuanians instead , plumbers , construction workers , hairdressers and nannys are far more valuable , especially when they 're living in council flats on benefits . 
  enjoy :d, 
  not sure what to laugh about , the only way for russians to emigrate without finding some relatives abroad or applying for asylum is professional emigration - msc/phd and a very demandable profession . 
  lithuanians can emigrate without anything at all . 
  so it kind of common sense which is supported by the facts that the ones emigrated from russia for london are usually high salary specialists ( it/math/finance / science ) and from lithuania - plumbers and construction workers . 
  not sure which game are you playing , but the existence of big problems in russia does n't really mean that it 's still better to live in a pointless boring kolhoz with 99 % of work consisting of low-skill labour . 
  i 'm disputing [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32upc2/lithuania_now_a_developed_country_according_to/cqfaq3a ) and you missed all shots . 
  if they 're russians from russia , not russians from lithuania - yes they do , that 's the difference between professional immigration and low-skilled immigration . 
  russians ca n't use the latter , unless they 're from baltic states . 
  i was living in london for about 6 years , i 'm currently in london btw , for business reasons . 
  so not sure what kind of precious propaganda can tell me anything , i 'm just telling you the difference between russians and lithuanians in london . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of russians from lithuania in london too , working as waiters . 
  but there 's miniscule amount of them comparing to the ones from russia . 
  and the ones from russia emigrated as professionals . 
  i was living in lithuania for about 15 years , thanks . 
  so eik ciulpk a bibi , the whole country is a big kolhoz . 
  / facepalm, 
  no problem . 
  even if you ignore everything but the size , the size alone gives you plenty of reasons to prefer the bigger country , as the size alone has a lot of consequences . 
  there are big cities which can support high-tech industries for example , it can support science , big financial sector , plenty of opportunities to grow , companies and activities to choose from etc. 
  there are plenty of reasons to prefer living in russia to lithuania , plenty . 
  but you guys are stuck staring at abstract statistics . 
  whatever makes you feel better , i guess . 
  i 'm pretty happy in russia , being living in all 3 countries before . 
  and ? 
  it answers the guys question , thanks for your opinion though . 
   ... did you really just managed to treat this as a plausible situation that could happen to anyone ? 
  though this way you succeeded in completely ignoring the point i was trying to make , clever . 
  what ? 
  you were talking about `` hypothetical '' scenario comparing `` random russians '' to `` random lithuanians '' . 
  i was talking about the practical scenario of why the fuck a russian would like to move to lithuania for example . 
  and there 's none , apart of getting the fuck out of there to london . 
  there are even more reasons to move from lithuania to russia - there 's work there in hightech industries or in finance industries , or in construction , education at last . 
  that 's what are the practical reason of moving from one country to another , not your bullshit `` let 's compare random spherical russian in a vaccum with a random lithuanian '' . 
   and that whole `` not living in an authoritarian glorified petrostate , but in a completely normal 1.5 world country '' thing . 
  a lot of buzzwords with little meaning in practice . 
  leaving one wooden house in `` authoritarian glorified petrostate '' for another wooden house in `` a normal 1.5 world country '' is much less exciting than you think . 
   yeah , there 's no comparison indeed - even if you include st. petersburg and moscow that bring the russian average considerably higher , russia still loses to lithuania on every possible metric . 
  yea , spherical random russians again ... 
  that alone gives you plenty of reasons to prefer russia over lithuania as it has huge amount of consequences , illustrating the point why his first statement was arguable . 
  not sure where it 's possible to have that majestic operation of becoming a `` random lithuanian '' or `` random russian '' . 
  but in practice the only real advantage of being a random lithuanian , is the ability to get the fuck out of there in london , for example . 
  and that 's kind of the trend of it in practice . 
  living standards between russia and lithuania - pffft , mate ... not sure what was the point of your drivel in the first paragraph . 
  we 're bad , poor eastern europeans , that kind of boring shit . 
  let me tell you something mate , but please do n't think that i 'm threatening you or sound menacing , it 's really just a common sense - history is a very long time . 
  literally . 
  very very long time . 
  100 years for history is nothing . 
  so it 's pretty safe to say that it was n't your last occupation , not the first and definetely not the last . 
  the same can be said about russia and any other place in the world . 
  deal with it . 
  i understand that it 's probably pleasant to be all hurt and emotional , the position of `` abused innocense '' . 
  but you 're far from being innocent if we 'll start remembering stuff from the history , so maybe we were in the similar position to you once too , no ? 
  shit happens , i 'm sure we 'll both have plenty of opportunities to genocide each other in the future too , do n't worry . 
  i 'm answering to the initial post [ it 's amazing how much better it is to live in lithuania rather than russia . ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32upc2/lithuania_now_a_developed_country_according_to/cqfaq3a ) . 
  so maybe you 'll repeat your message to him instead ? 
  that it 's kind of idiotic comparing a country of 140 million and 3 million population ? 
  otherwise if you thought it was wise then - well , i 'm not sure what are you complaining now when i did some limited comparison which illustrated some reasons why his words maybe not so correct after all ? 
  those russians in london came straight from russia with tier1 visa . 
  so with a high education , working in finance for 6 digits salaries . 
  that or oligarchs . 
  lithuanians in london are working as electricians , plumbers and hairdressers living in council flats on benefits . 
  stimulating lithuanias economy . 
  and yes , you have those cities , the amount of wooden houses there is enough to give you enough heat for any post-apocalyptic scenario . 
  sorry we did n't finished replacing them with our nicely looking `` 5/9 floor grey delux '' occupational design buildings . 
   two of them , how nice that you used the plural form . 
  even in this case that 's two more than lithuanians . 
  so basically the point of someone up the chain about where it 's better to live is very arguable .
