  i 'm sure they 're not nazi in your eyes but something like `` nationalist '' or , i do n't know , `` patriots '' or `` protectors of freedom '' , do n't particularly care . 
  you can have those linguistical discussions with your friends if you want . 
  but [ those ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymoon8ujwne ) are nazis in my book . 
  and my relatives there say the same thing . 
  you need to stop doing idiotic straw man arguments , then maybe i 'll answer . 
  oh please , do n't act as if you 're surprised and full of rightful anger !, 
  you love russians , right ? 
  you even have some russian friends !, 
  i have relatives ( grandmother and huge amount of her sisters and brothers with their relatives , for example i have 5 people in my ukrainian extended family online in skype right now ) in there , near the place called hrebinka . 
  they 're ethnic ukrainians whatever that means , and they are scared for their lives with a lot of banditism going on around them in the last week . 
  and yea , ethnic banditism as well . 
  and according to them it 's basically as you would expect from looking at videos/pictures of nazis in svoboda/right sector . 
  and no , i 'm not actually reading any official russian news sources . 
  that 's a silly straw man argument . 
  it 's not because of the law you now have a nazi rule , it 's because of the fact that started with a premise of dealing with corruption your new revolutionaries always had a nationalistic agenda in mind , and only that . 
  anti-russian to be precise , and repelling that law as a first thing just proves that . 
  not that it was any secret from you guys before , obviously . 
  but simple folk in europe and us thought that you actually want something else , it 's not just about classical nationalistic `` ukraine for ukrainians '' and all that stuff . 
  not all admittedly , many europeans do n't mind nazi ideology if it 's against russians , naturally - we 're dehumanized to the point when it seems perfectly fine . 
  so yea , keep up the good work !, 
  it 's good that your nationalistic ideals of ukraine without russians line up so well with the pragmatic geopolitical interests of the big world players , is n't it ? 
  good luck with that !, 
  so basically under a premise that they 're against the government 's corruption ( which is totally understandable ) a mob of people with suspiciously high number of far-right extremists took the power in the country and the first thing they did is they start imposing their nationalistic agenda by repelling the law about the regional language . 
  that will totally defeat the corruption !, 
  should i mention that janukovich 's main election point was that law ( together with some others which he `` forgot '' to do ) , so it basically has a support of the whole south-eastern ukraine . 
  oh democracy , you so silly !, 
  nope , definetely not a nazi coup !, 
  / facepalm, 
  huh ? 
  nationalist ? 
  it 's very hard for me to be nationalist looking at the fact that even within the generation of my parents i have russians , ukrainians and belorussians . 
  although based on the recent ukrainian events i can easily conclude that being nationalist is a good thing . 
  i 'm just stating that simple fact that pissing off neighbours is n't a great strategy in the long run . 
  and yes , i 'm talking about the situation of why baltic states/poland do n't like russia , sure . 
  that 's actually a good example and i 'm admitting it without any problems . 
  but that applies to the current antipathy they have towards russia as well , it wo n't help them in the long run . 
  if we want to track back that `` history of antipathy '' of who did what first , we did it to them because they did it to us , and that was because the other side did something wrong before etc.etc.etc . 
  we can easily start remembering times thousand years ago . 
  it 's not helping anyone , more - it 's actually actively hurting both sides . 
  because frankly that history is almost completely irrelevant to the actual people who are living now but they still feel the need of holding grudges or shittalking or beating someone because of something which was a long time ago . 
  and that 's what / r/europe is in a nutshell . 
  not sure you are able to understand what i 'm talking about , but if you are actually from the southern hemisphere and can think outside of the national mindframe with a lot of grudges and heavy victim complex which is dominating our friends from baltic states and poland - then maybe you can . 
  if you 're an idiot and ca n't distinguish the difference between the government and individual people then sure , hate all you like . 
  build your national identities on the sole idea of `` being not russian '' , i 'm totally fine with that personally . 
  but then i 'm not sure i 'll care about your cries in the future when we 'll need some buffer states to protect from another eu military campaign of `` drag nach osten '' . 
  well , apparently i 'm not putinish propagandist , as i never said that everyone on maidan were extremist . 
  and i 'm sorry but for all practical purposes it 's very hard not to mix neo-nazis with nationalists if both want more dead russians . 
  now if you excuse me , please go and fuck yourself you pointless scum . 
  `` nananana , i ca n't see you , i ca n't hear you but anything you 're saying is propaganda just because you 're russian , which means you 're brainwashed '' . 
  you ca n't even point anything in what i said as being false , how do you think i value downvotes from people like you ? 
  ok , you basically agree that it 's ours and we can take it . 
  i , as well as my relatives in ukraine support maidan much more than they support janukovich . 
  in principle . 
  but you need to be either blind or completely brainwashed by the western media if you believe that maidan consists of freedom-loving peaceful protesters who will bring prosperity to ukraine . 
  now it consist mostly of radical fighters , killers and manipulators . 
  and if those guys will become the real power - everyone will he very sorry . 
  apart of western media which will find a way to spin the upcoming murders and terror as either insignificant problems or just as the evil putin as usual . 
  there is a lot of irony which you do n't get , it starts from - we are dealing with it . 
  as we can :-) and sorry if you do n't like it . 
  well , vast generalizations about russians come along with `` nothing against russians per se '' . 
  i think i heard that before . 
  and you know what ? 
  i think you need to deal with your problems yourself , thanks , noone cares that you 're tired , the world consists of different people you know . 
  and not all of them share your ideology . 
  deal with it . 
  but you sure can share the pain with your fellow estonians or poles , they 'll jerk you off , you 'll jerk them and all of you will feel a bit better . 
  russophobia is the biggest thing which unites you after all . 
  so you 'll even cheer then probably !, 
  yay !, 
  another scum is killed !, 
  with his family !, 
  good job peaceful protesters !, 
  for some reason the more you `` observe '' the western media the more you 're dehumanizing certain groups of people . 
  for some ... weird ... reason . 
  it 's as if they want you to ... no !, 
   jewish activist on maidan yea , please meet token , our jewish activist on maidan . 
  and what exactly is wrong with it ? 
  oh i know , you wo n't know about those killings at all as it wo n't be the big news !, 
  why do we need to spoil the glorious win of ukrainian people against tyranny by some insignificant murders . 
  like [ this ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/02/13/uk-ukraine-judge-idukbrea1c0xl20140213 ) for example . 
  who cares , she deserved it anyway , do n't mess with peaceful protesters !, 
  yes , exactly , dehumanizing the target first . 
  so when our `` peaceful protesters '' there win and will start killing people who were working in `` berkut '' together with their families for example , and you 'll find yourself shouting `` hooray ! '', 
  with the crowd - let them have it , that 's what you get for doing your job and not letting peaceful protesters kill you instead , then please remember this commentary about dehumanizing the target first . 
  you can try watching this for example : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymoon8ujwne do you see that nice guy with the ak chanting that if their `` enemies '' wo n't leave their land they 'll force them to ? 
  that 's the glorious leader of ukrainian `` far-right '' group [ right sector ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_sector ) . 
  and if you do n't know who his enemies are , then just a hint - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mogq6i_9qbc . 
  it 's him 20 years ago , when he was helping his comrades in chechnya fighting russians , he 's stating that his enemies are communists , jews and russians . 
  note also that it 's actually a real ak , and that the first video was recorded in kiev a day or two ago . 
  so much for a peaceful protesters and an evil police using live bullets on innocent protesters , is n't it ? 
  it also useful to know in the context of that comment above by our estonian `` friend '' , when he 's saying that all russians are brainwashed into thinking that there are fascists on maidan . 
  but those are silly russians , of course , what could you expect from them ? 
  civilized europeans understand that it 's all bullshit , obviously . 
  that 's [ him ] ( http://nk.org.ua/upload/3a/20140127173335__muzichko-na-maydane.jpg ) on maidan as well btw , with his group of clearly peaceful protesters . 
  what a glorious view of latvians and estonians having a great time jerking each other on reddit , united in their russophobia !, 
  / r/europe delivers , as usual . 
  now i do n't see our polish friends here , where are they , sleeping ? 
  come on polish comrades , join the glorious circlejerk with your baltic friends !, 
  man , it 's amazing . 
  the sovereign country democratically decides to do whatever it has every right to do on it 's own territory , without breaking any treaties ( with re-negotiating , sure ) , without breaking any trusts or doing anything even remotely amoral .
