  the one in the picture is an obvious scam . 
  could be , but i tend to agree with the clinton explanation . 
  some noble cause of getting rid of corrupt organisations doesnt work for me, 
  they would have arrested him already if they had something good on blatter . 
  maybe they are hoping for the others to start talking, 
  i 'm picturing a sort of the wire type investigation , wiretaps and everything . 
  so cool that we finally ( will ) get concrete evidence of the well known corruption ongoing in fifa . 
  wonder if this will impact upcoming world cup locations, 
  i wonder why the fbi decided to look into this from 2011 ... what happened ? 
  well i did like waterworld, 
  `` we 've had worse '', 
  and that boat thing is not an option for us . 
  we have a lot more unrest and wars in our neighbourhood to let that be as much of a deterrent as in australia . 
  you ca n't stop them from coming, 
  because of nationalist politics , do n't take it personal . 
  blame it on uk instead, 
  lol i 've been thinking it was called cavalry for a long long time . 
  thanks !, 
  `` but when you 're on your own among 28 , be careful . 
  if you only do `` phasing out '' , you 'll exclude yourself . 
  and if you 're no longer inside the debate , and you always ask for exclusions , in the end you will be excluded and no one will pay any attention to you '' wise words, 
  fuck the system !, 
  am i right ? 
  pass for me then :d, 
  would this be a good movie if ur a fan of sci fi but hate action packed hollywood movies ? 
  i really disliked the trailer , too much explosions, 
  i was just wondering about documentaries on this exact subject , thanks !, 
  did you see any movies by almodovar ? 
  if not you 're in for a treat, 
  i loved cavalry, 
  i will check it out !, 
  you ever seen dogtooth ? 
  i thought that movie was fascinating, 
  they are great are n't they ? 
  this seems so much fun, 
  hey dictator !, 
  holy shit you must be awesome at parties, 
  you are not on 4chan brotha, 
  im pretty sure the commission is full of ex prime ministers / presidents of eu member states, 
  there 's an app for that, 
  reddit representative, 
  which program is that if i may ask ? 
  exactly !, 
  that whole perception of democratic deficit is so extremely outdated and chewed out unsubstantiated bs . 
  you 're boring us all with these types of comments, 
  for real ? 
  there should be a subreddit for these . 
  theres another one where a guy is `` typing '' ( just slamming the keyboard ), 
  that 's all u need to know, 
  which bank was that with the sex workers ? 
  that 's so hypocritical when u think that most dutch banks dabble around in arms trade, 
  they should have had a disclaimer : warning !, 
  if we lose , our cities get demolished, 
  oh no i was just wondering . 
  nothing to do with politics, 
  so many great and beatiful cities destroyed in europe all because of these pointless wars, 
  i cant see the hole in the 3rd picture like on the 1st and 2nd . 
  is that from a different building ? 
  so let 's not do anything about it ? 
  the more shit like this comes to light , the better . 
  do n't say anything about armenia, 
  is it cheaper now as compared to the 70s to test for hiv ? 
  eu ca n't do anything about that atm because national governments do not cooperate and keep listening to the big telecom companies in order to keep prices artificially high, 
  the idea of an energy union you mean ? 
  because that 's been around for a while, 
  that 's exactly the reason why the eu wants to tackle this, 
  we are a sort of bene mafia protecting those silly luxembourgers against themselves, 
  offtopic : are there any good comics being published now in the likes of tintin ? 
  rather be occupied by the nazi 's than ` saved ' by the red army, 
  i think for the uk the price increase is more likely to be the cause of people smoking less than any health concerns . 
  you have the most expensive cigs in all of europe, 
  source plox, 
  m.a.d. !, 
  we 're all gon na die !, 
  take comfort in that, 
  dutch hater !!, 
  this would actually be good because it would force us to diversify our energy supply and not be dependent on an unstable nation, 
  can we put a filter on the sidebar also for filtering posts with turkey and genocide ? 
  it 's always the same type of comments in this thread by both euros and turkish . 
  it is getting stale, 
  what would you think is the best street in berlin ? 
  how about berlin ? 
  is it there any different from the rest of the country, 
  i think he means fubar, 
  he went absent without official leave ? 
  you dont have it electronically stored ? 
  its more efficient, 
  is that leverworst ? 
  i can not even imagine what that meal tastes like, 
  it makes sense he lives in brabant . 
  they only listen to carnaval music there, 
  well those sayings are largely there only because we had wars with england . 
  english trying to make us look bad primarily . 
  but he 's a eu federalist !, 
  we love him, 
  are we the baddies ? 
  does nobody feel like that in those countries ? 
  seems like you accidentally dropped your fish in that cake, 
  dropping angry letters all over your cities, 
  how expensive are cigs ?
