love it . 
  more like this please with random people riverdancing, 
  who are you trying to kid here brother ? 
  are you so deep in the pit of denial ? 
  i thought you were just a troll but now im genuinely concerned for you, 
  i think this yes . 
  this whole occupation and power-show stems from insecurities, 
  i knew it would be something relating to this . 
  why do we even allow these bullshit sites on this subreddit . 
  how about creating a taskforce for these kinds of problems ? 
  hire some 5000 bureacrats that move around europe checking asylum statuses ? 
  difference of 100 million is for what exactly ? 
  eu salaries ? 
  yes we are extremely rich compared to other european countries, 
  eu has anything to do with this ? 
  or romanian initiative ? 
  any way good job !, 
  better allocation of resources benefits the entire market, 
  thats pretty expensive for berlin . 
  are you an expat ? 
  i always laugh when i hear someones from cleveland . 
  reminds me of that faux cleveland promotion clip on youtube, 
  honestly , legalize/gedoog cocaine & mdma !, 
  surely would be an amazing thing for us economically speaking, 
  everyone here uses whatsapp . 
  not sure why we are in both groups, 
  ep can already suggest laws, 
  thanks obama, 
  and yet they complain about the lack of democracy . . ofcourse theres a democratic deficit if they can not even be bothered to vote . 
  that stemwijzer site where you can see what party is best for you takes 5 min to fill out . 
  we have a party called jesus lives , i looked at their website and they say they abide by jesus ' vision . 
  so basically a wwjd party . 
  and apparently jesus wants to leave the eu, 
  eu is really getting tired of these countries that treat the eu like a menu where they can check off what they dislike and keep only the parts they benefit most from . 
  when economic hightide resumes be sure that they will put an end to this one way or another, 
  ireland is pretty popular as a holiday destination in nl aswel . 
  you people are perceived as very hospitable, 
  i have the feeling computers are more easy to corrupt . 
  bearded woman or guy who hates islam and gets boycotted by all of the middle east, 
  for the people that can vote today you can see a eu elections doodle in your respective countries ' google site . 
  so for nl and uk today . 
  kinda cool, 
  what if i say it ? 
  we build enough goodwill ? 
  douze points from russia !, 
  next eurowin : gay couple fistfucking live on stage !, 
  are you scared or what ? 
  scared of big europe superstate trying to take your rights ? 
  are you a chicken by any chance ? 
  why do we always have this thread ? 
  is this one of r/europe 's memes ? 
  ahhh how much voters did ukip have again ? 
  i apologize for him , dutch people are even more ` direct ' online than in real life . 
  we like to complain about stuff a lot , not just the weather, 
  russia , net neutrality , stimulation of innovation in technology , economic european integration . 
  anyone interested enough in this that can give me some additional info about the candidates ? 
  anything controversial ? 
  our surely funny looking belgian friend here is simply trying to insult us dutchies . 
  belgians are as we all know masters of comedy, 
  my nephew was near the place where the bombings took place just after it happened . 
  he said the most haunting thing he remembered were the mobile phones ringing amidst the chaos , by people trying to call their loved ones . 
  vu university aswell . 
  awfull building, 
  he 's so awesome, 
  oh thank god . 
  god save the queen and all that, 
  you ever seen l'avventura ? 
  great one aswel for that italian feeling, 
  are they doing the robot ? 
  let em choose so they can finally shut up about it, 
  fn like all brave far right parties in europe is in line with kremlin interests . 
  russia 's interest lies in destabilising the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw at least 3/4 of that vid so that already nullifies your whole argument, 
  yeah i was being downvoted . 
  woe is me, 
  let me see if i can ask them to put english subtitles on it, 
  really really good , i 'm surprised since it was a little too superficial on some things , but it got a lot better . 
  easy to understand aswel , if there 's any way for subtitles it should definitely be watched by more, 
  i 'm sure he had something done, 
  yep i am , sorry guys, 
  i never heard of this distinction, 
  need about 7 months !, 
  i doubt i can find someone that hospitable, 
  temporary, 
  debatable , but i do n't mind if you feel you have to remove it, 
  just helping you get rid of your delusions, 
  maybe hes an escort and cost 200 euros a month, 
  i still dont get that nobody up until the 80s had any clue how shitty they had it there in comparison to the west . 
  they still thought they were competing economical with the soviets while the reds were not even in the same league as them, 
  take it easy crumpet stuffers !!, 
  just jokes !, 
  why do you have a eu flag next to your name ? 
  if you wanted to stop the constitution from happening go back to 1980 when the court already considered the eu treaties as a constitution , or better yet go back to 1950 when they were already planning for it . 
  further integration is unstoppable at this point and state sovereignty has been a myth since about a century ago , no state is sovereign, 
  `` take it or leave it '' i like the cutthroatness of it `` vote yes or die '' `` fall as an empire or vote yes '' `` vote no to become irrelevant '', 
  watch some german movies with subtitles !, 
  look at the other thread with the movie recommendations, 
  why is germany or spain not broken up like france and poland ? 
  whats the logic behind these districts ? 
  on that note , any german here know of a similar site to https://www.wg-gesucht.de ?
