  can you not get them at big walmarts etc ? 
  would you say people smoke more in cities or villages ? 
  source ? 
  i 'm really amazed at the prices of the islanders, 
  british optimism right here, 
  now kiss, 
  as i recall it was something imported from our african colony but since filet afrique would not sell here they renamed it to something with a better connotation : america . 
  not sure about this one though might have to look it up, 
  who are we allied with . . omg . . russia, 
  there 's a lot of precedent for it , the kremlin is run by immature children, 
  cause gay eu did sanctions, 
  do n't post that american nonsense, 
  what nationality was this guy ? 
  yes , i would think to see this more as a sign from the eu to serbia that they are doing a good job of striving towards the eu member conditions . 
  in my opinion , you have to see it like this : looking from the most eastern part of the area where low german ( or nedersaksisch as we call it ) is spoken , it tends to get gradually harder to understand the dialect , the more west you go . 
  but there are still more similarities to make between these different kind of dialects of low german , than there are for just dutch vs germ vs danish . 
  hope that explains it for you . 
  they have been working on the roaming fees since the 90 's iirc . 
  it 's slowly getting cheaper and cheaper in europe, 
  i thought it said mdma inspired clothing, 
  let 's have it chive, 
  this encouragement by the eu for female-led businesses is just a way in trying to get more equality in the business sector between men and women . 
  so in any case it strifes for more equality , whereas these tickets make you question if men and women are equal at all . 
  come on , the entrance policy in berlin 's clubs are so fucking random most of the time , you ca n't compare . 
  besides that , do you seriously expect to get in any good club with 10 probably drunk as fuck british chavs ? 
  i know my night would be ruined if they let these kind of groups in the places i go to . 
  not implying it 's because of the british thing , but yes you do have a bad bad reputation here in the continent, 
  an innovative way to keep the unemployed busy , she truly cares for her target group, 
  good thing you put your name under it . 
  dont want someone else to steal these brilliant works of art, 
  maybe try putting some soldiers in there with european style bands on their arms . 
  and some eurofighters . 
  spain what the hell is going on over there, 
  [ soon ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/117/021/enhanced-buzz-28895-1301694293-0.jpg ), 
  crises have been mostly beneficial for european integration . 
  we are living in an interesting time indeed, 
  greece has the lowest ? 
  these are statistics from before the financial crisis ? 
  i can see only 1 pvv member voting in favor for this , and he 's one of those disgraces they have a bunch of [ link ] ( http://www.joop.nl/politiek/detail/artikel/pvv_drankrijder_wil_zetel_terug/ ) ( not line with the party , wants to be independent ) 4 are against . 
  only 1 vvd member out of 3 voted in favor . 
  ca n't really seem to find too much about him : toine manders . 
  in my country only the christian and very christian parties have voted yes on this . 
  another one : [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&amp;nr=1&amp;v=n5wfuglnoqg ) this woman is awesomely pretty btw, 
  it is definitely noticeable . 
  i have unsubscribed from this subreddit a week ago also because of this . 
  seems like this sub has been invaded and people are panicking and following the populist bullshit thats been spouted here . 
  exactly . 
  they are all sheep right ? 
  mindless sheep !, 
  wake up !, 
  at the heart of europe ? 
  why did u not join the euro then ? 
  why were they against the war ? 
  stop with that generalizing eu vs usa bs, 
  there 's a site for this i think , where u can also easily record and u can send the link and download it i think . 
  if you look that up and post it with your op i 'm sure u will get a ton more people responding . 
  maybe it was vocaro or something, 
  because gays are gross and have aids . 
  i still think rutte is the most cute out off all of them, 
  you 're getting downvoted but it 's true . 
   the uk 's international voice without the eu would be bigger not smaller can i laugh heartily at this ? 
  seems like some of you guys insist on a viewpoint of the world that is very much not realistic , not since 60 + years, 
  more expensive flowers for them !!, 
  take that, 
  and how we influence reforms in other countries to eu standards, 
  source on that top reformer stuff ? 
  not this again ... 
  tsipras has such charme , no wonder people voted for him, 
  why havent they figured out how to move countries yet ? 
  come on science !, 
  you mean we should make war on france to get united ? 
  i 'm all for this, 
  more integration for streamlining fiscal policy etc yes . 
  with more integration this would have never happened, 
  what mail system are you using ? 
  it is exactly something abstract , a fiduciary system based on trust, 
  dude stop it you 're embarrassing yourself, 
  the famous neet ? 
  he 's just a dutch hater , fuck him, 
  unjust to who though ? 
  justice is open to interpretation . 
  you think a middle eastern muslim and atheist european have the same idea of what is just and what is not ? 
  and if that 's not the case , which one is more just ? 
  illegal murderpills haha, 
  wow dude , chill out . 
  you are obviously severely misinformed . 
  lobbying is not only done by corporations amigo . 
  you arguing with your gf about where to go for holidays is also lobbying . 
  besides the commission needs lobbying to hear interest groups . 
  you have to see them more as decision coordinators , especially with the manpower they have ( size of total eu bureaucrats is equivalent to medium large city like rotterdam ) they need people to tell them what they want them to do . 
  also commission gives equal opportunity to let voices be heard from corporations/ngos/governments , and studies show they are influenced also equally effective by different forms of lobbying ), 
  you mean the voice of the people ? 
  i 'm sure people have left a lot more private details on american type social media sites than the info that they are giving here in this governmental query . 
  not to excuse shitty security ofcourse, 
  the eu is more transparant than most eu governments, 
  whatsup with denmark ( and for that matter hungary ) with the suicide rates in the 80s ? 
  i cant think of anything that happened that would cause that rise, 
  what should you order then if you want a pepperoni pizza ? 
  water them ? 
  that made me laugh out loud .
