i think you should read after the comma in the quote . 
  31bn  47m it 's been proven wrong immediately with 1 single non energy company . 
   rbc found that firms connected to the energy sector together earned almost 2 trillion rubles ( $ 52 billion ) , compared to profits of only about 47 million rubles ( $ 1.2 billion ) at all other companies combined . 
  i do n't think this is right , alrosa is the worlds largest diamond company . 
  it reported profits of 31bn rubles in 2014 . 
  it 's not related to the energy sector, 
  there 's a pretty compelling argument that once child mortality reaches acceptable levels , birthrate drops right off . 
  you 're being too black and white . 
  i think this viewpoint wants more control over people coming into the uk . 
  you 'll struggle to find anyone who wants to get rid of skilled labour , regardless of nationality . 
  is this genuine ? 
  i would have thought the conservatives would have avoided obvious misquotes . 
  ca n't they tell that people are pissed off with this type of political attack ? 
  its so dishonest !, 
  it 's going to strengthen support for corbyn . 
  there 's plenty of reasonable ways to oppose corbyn , attacking him in this fashion is not the way they should be going about it . 
  the trend is unlikely to be reversible because * high net migration into the uk exceeds organic growth * birthrates of people from non eu countries far exceeds uk birthrates . 
  evidence from the [ office of national statistics ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_404613.pdf ) . 
  i 'm happy when they spend their money here . 
  i 'm very unhappy when they buy up [ huge swathes of land ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/shortcuts/2014/dec/09/london-qatar-royal-family-regents-park-200m-palace-harrods ) there 's not too much land in the uk . 
  it 's one of our most precious resources . 
  where 's the foresight here ? 
  i realise qatar is n't saudi . 
  yeah it was 400 kroner . 
  i think it 's partly because of the captive market at gardermoen . 
  it 's not like you can shop elsewhere . 
  it was a small take away ` pizza hut ' kiosk . 
  if you 're passing through sometime soon , keep an eye out for it . 
  that 's what i said !, 
  i think it came to a round 400 nok , which i why i remember it so well . 
  living in london is kind of like taking london in small doses . 
  the mega crowds only come out on the weekend and only in certain places . 
  as long as work does n't start at 9am then you 're ok . edit : the worst is if you live in a commuter town . 
  the papers reported how bad the ` woking --  london ' route is this morning . 
  a one person pizza at the airport would have cost me 40 euro !, 
  there 's a measure for this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_development_index#past_top_countries, 
  yes those people who plough money into the french and spanish economy buying housing in areas away from the major cities . 
  god how awful . 
  no one is taking this one direction split very well, 
  this effect is more noticeable in the us . 
  market manipulation is a criminal act opposed to a civil one . 
  this means there 's a jury involved . 
  the jury have to be convinced without doubt that the abuser did definitely know what they were doing and that it was illegal . 
  they also need to be certain that the dealing would have not have occurred in the normal course of business anyway . 
  it 's generally quite difficult to be 100 % sure on these requirements especially considering that the jury is made up of normal people , not market experts . 
  hence , barely anyone is convicted of insider dealing or market manipulation in the uk . 
  i think that kind of information needs to be inferred . 
  i think it 's a little bit silly to assume . 
  [ the dailymail runs stories like this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3046477/one-four-britons-ethnic-minority-2051-thanks-baby-boom-people-asian-african-backgrounds.html ) but i 'm a little dubious . 
  i struggle to see how the uk could build enough houses , let alone everything else to support an additional 13m people . 
  i think the cost of sustenance in the uk will limit child birth from poor migrant families whilst not affecting established families as severely . 
  then again , i 'm assuming as well !, 
  i can only speak for the uk because i live here . 
  there are several cities & towns in the uk which are less than half white british . 
  the highest fertility rates of european origin in the uk comes from romanian women with a figure of 2.93 , whilst the highest outside the eu is libya 5.58 , guinea 4.84 and algeria 4.32 . 
  the office for national statistics say that this is most likely due to `` strong cultural preferences '' . 
  [ see this lovely presentation ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_371129.pdf ) by the office of national statistics in the uk . 
  the ons is an independent body that generates statistics for government and public use . 
  all but one of those are overwhelmingly corrupt countries . 
  good . 
  the plan is working . 
  seriously though , how is this guy an economics author when he ca n't tell the difference between correlation and causation , or does he just forget it when he wants to write a `` controversial '' piece . 
  they would probably just take out insurance . 
  i did n't study every day but i kept it going for about a year . 
  that was enough to complete the duolingo course . 
  i 've fallen out of practice though because i have no real use for german . 
  i might get into the berlin marathon this coming year though , in which case i 'll start again . 
  about a year . 
  after a while i bought a `` teach yourself '' brand grammar books because its easy to learn basic german but the grammar is horrible . 
  duo is good enough though , did n't learn too much new from the book . 
  i studied german in secondary school ( 11-16 years ) . 
  i learned more through duo than i did through 5 years of lacklustre studying . 
  i can hold a ( basic ) conversation in german now . 
  finally !, 
  ca n't wait to get going !, 
  i think fifa will have a hard time fighting this one , but then again , who 's around to enforce a ruling ? 
  this is from 2014 and it 's clearly just a random person sticking up a sign . 
  i do n't even think that 's how a muslim would refer to their self or their community . 
  since when did newspapers write articles on something so insubstantial ? 
  about 150-200 years ago , most of europe 's royal families were from the same family . 
  i 'm sure that has had a huge cultural impact on us all . 
  in the uk there 's a bit of reverse stereotyping towards italians . 
  the only italians over here are extremely well educated . 
  they are usually well dressed + not afraid to spend a bit more money than usual to look good . 
  ca n't say if thats true of the rest of the population but your politics are mad . 
  there 's quite a few spanish people in london that suffer from the opposite . 
  i guess lots of spaniards are trying to find employment overseas because there 's no opportunities at home . 
  in this sense , they 've been forced to look for work and are n't well educated and do n't speak the language . 
  i grew up in southampton where there 's a large polish community . 
  they are generally very nice people but do n't integrate very well . 
  lots of nhs gp surgeries have to provide translation services exclusively for the polish and there are lots of signs only written in polish because we have no other way to communicate with their community . 
  i do n't know how to say this without sounding cruel , but the greeks have n't got the best reputation for being overly productive which is why i thought i would double check these figures http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=level this website from the oecd rates countries as a percentage of the us productivity . 
  you can see it tells a different story with clear figures . 
  ( the far right columns ) i 'm not particularly happy about the uks rating , but there you go . 
  a housing shortage , the nhs is overburdened , employment market that takes advantage of an oversupply of labour . 
  for reference , 300k is the population of newcastle upon tyne . 
  that level of infrastructure needs to be created every year . 
  it should be manageable at a lower level but by addressing this somehow we 're being type cast as villains . 
  what 's wrong with a more steady approach ? 
  is there any chance that the incentive of profits is reducing university willingness to take british students ?
