  it is our single biggest export . 
  the rest of the eu only has about 36 % of our export , mostly germany and the netherlands . 
  would be nice to see who has words for different kinds of snow . 
  sn\u00f8 , puddersn\u00f8 and sludd are different but are still snow . 
  bitch please , norway has half the south pole . 
  when there is no sun at home , the sun still is up 24/7 in norway . 
  that makes it even more interesting . 
  why is it that 4 % can not get a job ? 
  when you are down to 15 % , sure a full market can be blamed , but 3 % just seems too small to be caused by that . 
  also did they apply for a job ? 
  if 96 % are employed , surely the last 4 can do it too , but might not have even been looking for a job . 
   not sure about iceland anymore yeah , pretty sure they are an independent nation . 
  ( actually leaved in 1944 ), 
  no need , the historians do . 
  this is something i have talked about for years . 
  of course it is highly unlikely . 
  the scary part was when all of the sudden the us seems to be falling apart politically and uk leaving . 
  all of the sudden it become real . 
  they are part of the nordic union . 
  well if you want a more serious answer . 
  britain leaves eu . 
  this shakes the union . 
  nordic members are already tired of supporting the other countries who are doing bad and see they can do much better alone . 
  eventually leave . 
  the us elect trump and leaves nato . 
  russia can now get more aggressive . 
  takes several former ussr states . 
  france and germany are scared , also tired of italy and greece 's bad economy . 
  make a stronger eu and eventually becomes the 5th reich . 
  controlling europe and secures the continent . 
  nordic countries band together to form one nation against the seemingly threatening russia and europe . 
  by this time , scotland has left the uk and is bff with the nordic . 
  we now control the north sea . 
  americans flee from trumps regime . 
  they flee to canada . 
  canada eventually closes its borders . 
  tensions rise and escalates to war . 
  the us armed forces are not stupid enough to follow trump , and eventually makes a coup . 
  because of the high corruption on one side , and craziness on the other , instead of making a new government for themselves , the us splits into several countries . 
  including an independent texas , some join canada and some go back under british rule . 
  not happy before we have a new nordic union , this time with norway in charge . 
  155 of 434 years is `` a little longer '', 
  155 years is `` a little longer '', 
   it helps that parking in ~ ~ oslo ~ ~ ** norway ** is free for electric vehicles . 
  also better management of the money . 
  if the us had taxed the same way , there probably would not be any us debt problem . 
  perhaps its just extreme neutralism . 
  literally the first thing their parlament would do if they left the uk would be to apply for membership in the nordic council . 
  we need a few more years . 
  after the uk leaves . 
  then falls apart as northern ireland re-joins , and scotland leaves and become a full time member of the nordic council . 
  the european economy goes to shit as it lost the uk and trump is elected president , making the us economy go to shit . 
  all nordic countries band together to stay safe . 
  germany loses its temper and takes control of europe again , stabilising the economy . 
  since we are all germanic , we become good friends and trade partners . 
  which is why you should leave the eu , get the band back together and form kalmar ii . 
  becoming the 10th biggest economy on the planet and controlling the sea . 
   with the exception of fishing and with fish being the 2nd biggest export of norway , we kinda feel strongly for control over our own fish . 
  yeah , same as only the us has stealth planes . 
  the other countries must have better planes . 
  but where are they on the happiness list ? 
  ca n't ever say i have heard anyone say rock , metal , black metal , death metal , heavy metal or anything else is devil worship here ... 
  pretty sure someone in the other countries around the world would find it devil worship . 
  oh , you think we did n't plunder the oil  that 's sweet . 
  but ask yourself , why did the uk agree to split the ocean in the middle ? 
  why not make a claim for the continental shelf ? 
  why did danmark give so much sea to us ? 
  it might seem obvious to split in the middle , but it was not obvious back when it had never been done before . 
  the coming nordic union will keep all nordic rich . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  you have no nukes , and are not an upcoming superpower . 
  yup . 
  shit needs doing . 
  not enough people to do it all . 
  more than enough money to pay for it . 
  there is work here . 
  richer sweden, 
  and yet somehow that did not end up in the image ... 
  be # 1 in handball , ice hockey still better . 
  because you were playing against our weak male team . 
  our women would have beat you . 
  how on earth does ice hockey beat handball in norway ?!, 
  we are literally # 1 from last years world championship ( women ) and # 4 from this years european championship ( men ) . 
  also almost non of these games are played on a large scale here . 
  just wait until palestine gets to participate . 
  not if its russian tourism, 
  just like the democratic primary in the us, 
  only norway can get 0 points . 
  that is our specialty . 
  loosing with style, 
   what did germany ever do to you europe !? 
  least you gave 12pts to israel, 
  it will be just like world idol . 
  us thinking they can just stroll in and win everything , forgetting that everyone hates them . 
  dude , germany always comes last , or wins . 
  no middle ground . 
  canadians learning french . 
  but is not french one of the native languages of canada ? 
  immigrants from other english speaking countries moving to canada have to learn french ? 
  how about albertas war against the norway rat ?
