  nationality , ethnicity and religion appear quite big issues in the balkans and prior attempts to unionise the balkans have failed i doubt a croat and serb and bosnian all having the same passport would go down to well with their citizens , could be wrong this is an outsider looking in . 
  also with irish citizenship surly the gfa would come into it . 
  just put at risk the gfa and peace in ireland , nice . 
  that would be great , till another country votes to trigger article 50 . 
  also i doubt this would go down to well , at least one of the staunch nations against such proposals wo n't be in the union anymore . 
  also would the hungarians who live in austria who have hungarian passports want to lose a tie to hungry and just be eu ? 
  same for austrians in tirol , and the balkans could be a real mess . 
  unless you get a fuck tonne of boats and mine a shite load you will be in the british isles , i 'm afraid that is the nature of archipelagos they are land masses . 
  sir lanka , bangladesh , bhutan , nepal and pakistan may suffer from being in the indian subcontinent , does n't mean they are n't in the subcontinent . 
  i do n't think the people who do n't realise that the 26 irish counties that make up the irish republic which is in fact it 's own sovereign nation and not apart of the united kingdom are depriving \u00c9ire of that much business . 
  as someone who sees myself as welsh , english and british before i see myself as irish would n't i want irelands voice to be limited in place of that of britain 's , wales ' and england 's ? 
  when did i say it was justification , you fail to read what i type and read what i do n't type . 
  certainly the british did commit atrocities not just in ireland but throughout the empire . 
  what i said was `` on balance '' , clearly an acknowledgment of prior bad actions also prior good actions and personally taking the view the good out weighs the bad . 
  every native population suffers , humans are violent creatures that enjoy power if the anglos did n't do that to the britons then we would n't have england , same as the gauls and the franks with france . 
  now now dear , calm down . 
  some definitions . 
  it 's arse , do n't americanise the word makes it sound soft sounding and gives it a weaker punch . 
  also you could stop being an arsehole and calling people names because they disagree with you . 
  the usa invaded for a month to protect their citizenry in panama , they did n't occupy , they did n't annex they left . 
  british and irish isles is longer than british isles , even if i had ulster-scot heritage i 'd call it derry because i 'm lazy . 
  i also do n't think we need a replacement , british isles is common and works fine to describe the archipelago . 
  it 's only by tradition the bailiwicks are included sometimes , personally i do n't think they should be as they are physically in the archipelago , unlike ireland and great britain and some other 6000 + islands . 
  the term has nothing to do with imperialism , unless you consider the greek city colonies as imperial as they named the lands . 
  many things clearly bother people , that is n't reason to change , as you have put i 'm clearly bothered by a change , so w should n't change it by your logic and it can hardly make a difference to anyone to just use it . 
  do n't see what a vote leave campaign has to do with this . 
  ok one fellow in the 1600s , before we had a british state used vile tactics to crush the tory guerrillas means everything that happened in ireland was bad ? 
  nothing like anti immigration eh ? 
  they were n't born in ireland so they are n't welcome there ) while both declining in power there was still gaelic nobility and norman ( more irish than the irish ) nobility , and again that does n't take from the equivalent of billions of pounds of food being sent to ireland by peel 's government nor the action of government , such as repealing the corn law and even under the viscount palmerston the aid sent and actions of government would have been sufficient for any other famine in ireland obviously the spread of news was slower back then and things took time . 
  and the irish free state left the united kingdom great britain and ireland not the british isles , it is physically impossible . 
  and that was my point . 
  in this there were three ireland 's being brought up , ireland the island . 
  ireland the republic and ireland the northern . 
  gurneys and jersey are n't in the archipelago . 
  the 6 nations are ; 1 . ireland ( rep. ) 2 . northern ireland 3 . wales 4 . mann ( isle of man ) 5 . england 6 . scotland the two sovereignties are ; 1 . ireland ( rep. ) 2 . united kingdom the term has been around since the 600sbc , if people are unhappy with the geographical term they can get over themselves , if they are offended i 'm offended by them being offended , and now we are at the offended impasse . 
  so it would be nice if they stop getting offended . 
  the name has nothing to do with the empire it is clearly a geographical one and we are clearly in an archipelago and that archipelago has had its name since 600sbc-present and is still the most common name for the archipelago it makes no sense to change it and there is little we can change it to . 
  as was said european isles makes no sense due to their being many of these and surly something in the med as they are more in the heart of europe . 
  it gives the uk no more legitimacy to own ireland than america does to invade panama . 
  further so long as the pope does n't tell us to invade you again i do n't see it being likely we 'd do it freely . 
  i would n't say there is that much salt in the comment , there was n't a lot to respond to and does n't answer how else to add clarification for differentiating the two irish nations on the isle of ireland . 
  we did n't do that much massacring and so what i 've never massacred the irish and on balance one could clearly see us doing more good than harm , imagine how many would die in the great hunger without massive british aid , the equivalent of billions of pounds of food , it was the british state that shipped food in and the irish lords that shipped food out . 
  the name british isles comes from greek colonials and explorers in massalia in the 500bcs , the kingdom of wessex was a millennia away from being founded , let alone the kingdom of england , let alone the kingdom of ireland held in union by the kingdom of england ( and wales ) . 
  let alone the glorious and galant british empire led by the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , which is almost two millennia after the greeks named it . 
  cry me a river . 
  east ireland does n't make any sense . 
  however british isles does n't proclaim overlord ship of the isles for the british state , who owns panama in america ? 
  surly it would be america ( usa ) , no ? 
  same for argentina , colombia and mexico . 
  which is a republic so republic of ireland is apt helping to differentiate between the two countries in ireland , north and republic . 
  also roi is clearly used , i have a bottle of an alcoholic beverage giving both the uk and roi units and advice on unit consumption from the roi department of health . 
  maybe if you held all 32 counties such a name would make sense , you do n't you are the entirety of ireland and never have been republic is a clear division between the two ireland 's and clearly it works as you can tell which one i 'm referring too . 
  changed in 2001 , to instead of representing the geographical region representing the sovereign nations . 
  it does n't prove your point , except how childish the irish can be . 
  when are we renaming the irish sea , its unfair and offensive that it is n't called the welsh sea and manx sea when closer to those nations !, 
  it would be the british isles lions drawing a series . 
  it is called the british and irish lions because two sovereign nations provide players , republic of ireland and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ( britain informally ) . 
  funny you should bring that up , look at the team name for the tours between 1950-1997 , it 's the british lions . 
  british and irish lions is the name only after the 2001 tour . 
  before 1950 there was no official name of the tour , in new zealand and australia it was already called the lions by journalists but on tours to other places , say argentina it was usually called the united kingdom 's tour . 
  so after brexit the uk wo n't be considered european ? 
  british isles is a land mass containing two sovereign nations , the united kingdom of great britain & northern ireland and the republic of ireland . 
  a land mass containing 6 nations , republic of ireland , northern ireland , isle of man , wales , england and scotland . 
  the usa has no claim on panama because panama is in america ( the land mass ) and the usa is called america . 
  i 'm quarter irish , from the north but catholic irish my grandmother is from derry , derry county . 
  british isles is just a geographical term of the island chain off the coast of northern france , so called because the native people put paint on themselves before battle . 
  while personally i would rather the republic had never come , i 'd rather will gladstone or the hh asquith had got their home rule bills passed and spared the bloodshed and sectarianism . 
  the fact that the uk is also the british state and the uk and roi both share being in the british isles gives us no more a claim on ireland than america does over panama or honduras or argentina . 
  the term british isles is purely a geographical one and the guy i was responding two realises it makes sense geographically to connect the uk and roi just wants to use a different term , for no real reason . 
  british isles is apt for great britain , ireland , isle of man , isle of orkney , isle of wight , ynys m\u00f4n , etc. 
  you should write out your will and sort out your estate before you go , you might want to call suicide prevention before you go to ad climbing this dune is suicide , not one soul has made it half way up and come down to tell the tale . 
  the people 's flag is the deepest purple, 
  though back in olden days dems were conservatives and gop was the liberal party . 
  depends what you read , not a big fan of papers , prefer magazines like ft and private eye so ca n't comment . 
  the uk labour subredit had a post that 128 years ago keir hardie won his seat , the first mp solely under a labour banner ( there were liberal-labour mps before him , his party is also separate from the actual labour party which first won seats in 1900 ) one of hardies campaigns was to stop the smelly lithuanian russians working in our factories . 
  it was a different time . 
  would it be better if we used czech republic and eastern europe ? 
  you irish and your drink . 
  did the italics not give the sarcasm away ? 
  * no i genuinely do n't get jt *, 
  why 's that door got 10 on it ? 
  who 's the woman in the blue ? 
  i wish they 'd go back to labels . 
  the chinese, 
  we would n't do that , it 'd just be a british group ; england . 
  wales . 
  ireland . 
  scotland . 
  jersey . 
  england will win most times and every blue moon wales wins . 
   ~ ~ w ~ ~ who 's their party genius ? ~ ~ ? ~ ~ the members of fn , * genius * , it is n't too hard to work out . 
  was n't that council ? 
  it would appear our work at civilising the western british isles did n't go to well , you being a fine example of that . 
  your own source puts # 400,000 at # 38,080,000 . 
  higher than my low figure and i imagine this is not on the basis of the economic power of the funds . 
  paddy gets it wrong again !, 
  and fuck all people in petty kingdoms who 'd war agaisnt each other for resources . 
  the first christians in the isle were in the 2nd century , not from ireland either but sure . 
  i think sewers and houses and roads and democracy and not killing each other cause your from munster and he is from meath do you a bit better . 
  fear over a hard border , there is no demand in the north 28 % of people support a united ireland .
