  not propper english no but gross misspelled and bastardised * english * . 
  ` murica . 
  that there is the fallacy of popularity though . 
  a gross misspelling and bastarisation . 
  *** colour ***, 
  the english word is colour , are you dense ? 
  i was not aware of the first point . 
  it is spelt colour . 
  we should add them becuase that is inline with the ideals of gloabalism , not petty tribalism . 
  the med is a wee bit smaller than the atlantic . 
  which latino nations are you thinking of ? 
  also latinos are white . 
  again the attack on the weakest and least sincere point continues and the deffence of the anti democratic nature of the eu is not found , this is why the union is failing . 
  a tactical strike to degrade the syrian air force and an invasion are quite different . 
  it does n't matter how good you tax reform or education reform is when you want to scrap trident , leave nato and cede ( agaisnt the will of the locals ) gibraltar and the falklands you wo n't do well . 
  slavs are white . 
  muslims were kicked out of iberia . 
  does n't change the fact the eu is little more than a white union with only one majority non white nation ( hungry ) . 
  however a country must be in europe to join , it has nothing much to do with geography due to the big africa place just a wee bit south . 
  helsinki is 1,025 miles from brussels . 
  tunis is 1,013 . 
  algiers is 977 miles . 
  both are closer but no they are ~ ~ dark ~ ~ not in europe . 
  the ukraine is 1,142 and turkey is 1,563 . 
  yet they are considered for membership but not the good bereber nations who are closer . 
  why is white pride world wide seen as racist , it is an organisation with white people . 
  the mind boggles . 
   i disagree , political systems where the president gets directly elected are inferior . 
  it leads to more populism , less competent leaders and the head of state spends more time campaigning than working . 
  that is n't the case , one president recently elected is a populist . 
  hardly that bad and the price we pay for democracy , your boy wo n't always win . 
  further most democratically elected presidents do n't spend most their time campaiging . 
   the parliament is directly elected by the people and a two chamber system . 
  one is a senate ( so basically current head of states ) and one is proportional representation . 
  bullshit it is not a proportional chamber , it is a sham chamber filled with rotten burghs . 
  malta - 1 mep per 70,547 people germany - 1 mep per 839,792 people france - 1 mep per 892,297 people romania - 1 mep per 604,848 people . 
  also senates and the such are incredibly poor system . 
  not all the eu 27 are equal . 
  take malta for example , who 'd care if malta was owned by italy , no one . 
  or if we still owned it , no one . 
  the fact malta a country with a population rounded to the nearest million is zero has more meps than wales , a country of 3 million , rounded down to the nearest million . 
    wales has 4  the problem is being solved by may . 
  it really is n't the problem is about the lack of proportionalty per mep malta - 1 mep per 70,547 people germany - 1 mep per 839,792 people france - 1 mep per 892,297 people romania - 1 mep per 604,848 people . 
  of those nations picked at random ( bar malta ) only france and germany are reasonibly close . 
  the eu parliament is nothing but a sham chamber filled with rotten burghs . 
    a general racist feel to the white union , i mean european ( wink , wink ) union . 
   really ? 
  i 'm white , so maybe i got some unchecked privilege . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  firstly the eus focus on europe , it is n't a globalist movement it is a white movement . 
  bar the hungarians who are asian and the turks who too are asian every nation in europe is white and hungry has whitened itself in the thousand years it has been in europe . 
  the treatment of the refugue crisis is another example of the eu sticking up for the white and standing agaisnt the arab . 
  guenther oettinger a high up member to the eu-proc trade talks described the chinese side as `` slitty-eyed rascals '' . 
  when the eu is sending such men and they feel free to say that it says the core is deeply rotten . 
  the anti democratic nature of the eu . 
  the president of the commission should be elected by the people . 
  that is completely unacceptable for a parliamentary representative system . 
  cocking up the euro , does n't effect my nation to bad as we kept the pound but is bad for trade . 
  cocking up the refugee crisis with mixed messages from merkles everyone come here to hungry building a wall . 
  cocking up the economy of member states , greece . 
  taking over italy and not allowing their democratic path . 
  a general racist feel to the white union , i mean * european * ( wink , wink ) union . 
  i do n't care if they get ellectors on the basis of river water that flows through the state , if wyoming has 3 for it to be proportional california needs 200 . 
  even then the institution is n't democratic . 
  what ? 
  if an mp ( the thing you vote for in a parlimentary system ) won the popular vote of their seat and did n't win their seat it 'd be wrong . 
  the electors said we want cadidate x and they did n't get candidate x democracy has failed . 
  same with the usa , the presidents constituents should decide the president not some archaic , retarded , anti-democratic college . 
  in a parlimentary system the executive and government form from within the chamber . 
  in a presidential system they are seperate . 
  the president ( in a presidential system ) has the entire country as their constituents . 
  the prime minister has only their parlimentary seat population as their constituents . 
  indeed the votes are greater in more numerous states , it is however not proporitional , califronia should have 200 if wyoming is to have 3 . 
  this however takes from the point , which is the elected offical should have the support of his constituents . 
  in the case of an mp it is the seat . 
  in the case of the us president it should be the us population . 
  we have a parlimentary system , the usa has a presidential system . 
  it is comparing apples and oranges . 
  the closest would be if an mp was nomininated for a constituency on the basis of wards in the constituency they won not the constituency in itself ; taking for example the sheffield hallam seat currently held by nick clegg lib dem . 
  sheffield hallam | % -- | -- lib dem | 40 labour | 35.8 conservative | 13.6 ukip | 6.4 green | 3.2 lib dem hold . 
  however if the popular vote had been the same but the wards were what decided it ; ward | winner -- | -- crookes | lib dem dore and totley | labour ecclesall | lib dem fulwood | labour stannington | labour labour gain ? 
  because the position of president should be ellected by all the people in a presidential system . 
  how 'd you like mps to not have to win the popular vote of their constituency just half of the wards in the constituency ? 
  epicurean made the case in 300 bc so a little before 100 ad . 
  i also doubt that 'd be the case people are weak and like saftey the idea what comes after death will be nicer than what we have now is comforting to most so we trick oursleves to it . 
  i 've seen no fit case agaisnt the paradox . 
  no being can contain all three traits while we live in a world like this . 
  russell was a big cock up and after his disaterous premiership the whigs would never again form a government in westminster . 
  he also cocked up his second premiership in 65-66 this time as a liberal following the death of henry john temple , 3rd viscount palmerston . 
  the problem would still remain of getting food from the coast which was n't too hard into irelands countryside which was quite hard . 
  ok well we are talking about the catholic chrisitan god . 
  he is claimed to be all loving , all powerful and all knowing . 
  yet there is suffering on this earth meaning he is either ; all knowing and all powerful yet does n't loves us to end the suffering all knowing and all loving yet not powerful enough to change the situation . 
  all loving and all powerful so not aware how to end the suffering . 
  religion had little to do with the cause of the violence it just made another line for the division had we been catholic or the irish been protestant they would still have taken up arms in 1916 and 1918 and had it gone the same way there would still be some using arms . 
  one other thing i should think should be added is the great famine is often argued as a case of the british/english abusing the irish . 
  for one blight ravaged much of europe in the 1840s and the irish were worse off as they farmed the most potatoes . 
  once westminster realised there was a problem ( there had been famines in ireland before but the only other really bad one was in the 1740s ) they looked to help . 
  a chemical that could cure blight would have been given for free to the people ( paid for by the peel ministry ) , no such chemical could be found . 
  the peel ministry then paid # 151,000 ( # 505,100,000.00 | $ 595,546,884.96 ) to import maize a year .
