are n't the only known decendents of the huns the bolgars and the magyars may or may not be ? 
  the end of the danmn emus . 
  the point still stands as it is n't england rulling it as also we welsh voted to leave . 
  bar the dup \u2260 uup . 
  the dup are also larger . 
  it was also nearlly all nationalist in ulster that voted to levae . 
  we also voted to leave as did the ulster-scot parts of british ulster . 
  dup was second to ukip by voters for them in 2015 and leave voters in 2016 . 
  unfortunately i did n't as i am only 17 years of age . 
  at best if our officials ca n't be in irish ports there will be semi-border posts similar to afghan-pakistan . 
  have an irish or british id ( passport , drivers license , etc. ), 
  get waved through , do n't it is a real border for you . 
  yay for a hard border in ulster !, 
  murder is illegal , it is just more likely you wont be punished if you never tell anyone . 
  they 'll probably move to libyia or nigeria as the base of operations . 
  though being only in two theaters would increase their capibility to do terrorism in europe i imagine forcing is out of iraq and syria would strenghten them in africa . 
  i do generally refer to it that way though it is understanable when people use europe to mean eu . 
  also do people in iceland consider themselves european and/or use it as an identifier ? 
  i consider myslef welsh , british , english , irish and celtic , in that order . 
  i do n't consider myself european or use it as an identifier in the same way i do n't use being caucasian as an identifier . 
  the reason is because saying europe is quiker and easier than european union , in the same way people call it soccer or rugby instead of assossiation football or rugby union football . 
  we enact article 50 . 
  turkey gets closer to membership . 
  more euroskeptism in france , netherlands and among germans . 
  better deal for the uk, 
  it was n't the eu before the masstricht treaty then was it . 
  similar and same are different words and the institution before the eu was similar . 
  yes because if my representative can draft laws i have more control over it . 
  if he drafts a law i dislike i vote for someone else in 5 years . 
  if juncker drafts laws i dislike i vote for someone of a different party whos party is n't in the same eu coalition as junker 's . 
  i have no problem with the pm championing laws so long as they remain mp pm not peer pm ( though the last peer pm was archibald philip primrose , 5th earl of rosebery , 1st earl of midlothian who served 1894-1895 ) . 
  the pm should be able to champion laws as they are also an mp . 
  however if it changed so that only the pm , be it mp pm or peer pm , was the only person who could champion laws it would be undemoctatic . 
  my representative at westminster can champion drafts , my representative at the eu can not . 
  it is quite a significant difference . 
  in the uk who i vote for can proppose a law . 
  in the eu if the party i vote for and the larger eu wide coalition they are in wins i have draft laws coming to parliment i agree with . 
   however , he was elected , both by our eu representatives so it still is n't me that has a say . 
  i did n't see it as some big evil plot just unworkable . 
  no i 'm not the eu is a political union and that came from maastricht treaty in 1993 , the eea was not a political union , the treaty of rome did n't create a political union . 
  yes but the poltical union came from the maastricht treaty not the treaty of rome . 
  i can vote for an mep , a person who can not draft laws and that simply is n't good enough . 
  juncker is n't a member of parliment . 
  only the commision can draft laws and parliemnt vote , simply is n't good enough . 
  did you read it ? 
   the maastricht treaty ( 1992 ) created the european union this is also wikipedia so is n't fully true , maastricht came into effect in 1993 and was signed in 1992 so the eu was formed in 1993 not 1992 as the source you provides states . 
  the prime minister is supposed to be the most influencial person in the commons so i think it should be up to them to decide . 
  i can vote for my mp though and he then votes on my behaf and can champion drafts of laws in parliment for me . 
  meps can not champion drafts of laws only vote on drafts . 
  look at my tag , i 'm a republican i argue agaisnt the head of state being unelected . 
  i would have been more likley to support remian had the power been flicked with meps being the only people who can champion draft laws in place of the unellected junker . 
  it depends if labour can pull itself together or one of the other parties like lib dems fill labours boots . 
  4 years is a long time for the conservatives to not fuck somthing up , currently the way i see them not ` winning ' would be a lib dem win the home counties putting the conservatives 1st but with less than 326 seats . 
  the eu was formed in 1993 , if the claim is true that the eu, 
  eec was n't a politcal union and yes it predates the eu and is part of why the eu exists does n't mean the eu formed in 1957 does it ? 
  maastricht treaty signed 7th febuary 1992 , in effect 1st november 1993 , you do know of the maastricht treaty , do n't you ? 
  the nhs is the thing that makes brtian feel the most patriotic with 53 % citing it as a reason , 2nd is our history at 50 % . 
  the nhs is incredibbly popular though i think the conservatives have shot themselves in the foot with it as if they ca n't deliver i doubt they will win the 2020 election . 
  scotland had it 's chance to levae the uk , they said no . 
  this was in 2014 and while jocks are a big fan of alcohol the life expectancy is a ` wee ' bit higher than 2 years and given the 2014 referenda was once in a liftime they ai n't getting another any time soon . 
  it does kind of make sense though many people claim to be liberal and progressive when they clearly are n't . 
  i 'm a liberial so we should stop fascist being able to speak , by facist i mean someone protesting the problem of muslim rape gangs and lack of police action . 
  # 150m is still a lot of money esspecially given us plebs ca n't vote on the most important person in the eu . 
  vote leave , grassroots out and all the other support groups to leave were n't enemies so obviously they will share each others arguments but just because douglas tweets something does n't mean farage agrees . 
  yes we do we do get a rebate and so the total we spend is # 13b a year and we get some back in grants , thank you eu granting us money we gave to you ! , so being in the eu is # 9b net loss alone , and that is a negative just looking at the fanicial side when there is the political side and ever closer union , eu army and the such . 
  the eu formed in 1993 , no major war in europe between 1945-1993 . 
  nato and the un are much more key to stopping a major war not the eu and even the weu 1954-2011 was nato members . 
  good to see the downvotes , love this sub . 
  spain would invade gibraltar . 
  ww3 will happen . 
  no plan for eu army . 
  no plan for futher union . 
  eu and ttip . 
  eu will reform . 
  the refom david got was good . 
  when we leave it will be a significant blow to the eu being the third largest net contributor , if france also leaves i think the eu will be on the brink but not just with the uk leaving . 
  not good catholics in the north . 
  the republic let a woman die of internal bleeding because to remove the feutus would be an abortion and that 's bad . 
  rather than just the baby die they said let the mother go with , good policy . 
  edit : downvoting does n't make it not true , happened in [ galway ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/nov/14/ireland-woman-dies-after-abortion-refusal ) . 
  they have a chief minister in place of prime minister . 
  yes it is a british overseas territory meaning sovereignty on foreign matters lies at westminster with hm government . 
  all the overseas territories bar the two military bases and two research bases are countries . 
  being sovereign is n't a requirement to being a country , the amount of times you brought up the sovereignty case to claim gibraltar is n't a country clearly shows you do n't know what is and is n't . 
  i do n't care that spain is in the title , why would i. 
  all i 'm saying is gibraltar and probably andorra too should be in the title also . 
  op even said he was wrong not to put it as one of the countries included . 
  gibraltar is n't a colony it 's an overseas territory , which means it 's a country . 
  you are arguing a wrong point on top of another wrong point . 
  given that what part does n't make sense , you might just be failing to understand the point . 
  it 's a country under the uks sovereignty just as the raj once was . 
  it is a country . 
  no it really is n't part of the uk , they had a vote on it and said no . 
  they are a nation we protect but they are a nation they are a country . 
  a , not a requirement . 
  b , no they are n't a referenda to change that failed . 
  c , the british standard of things is across the globe , because y' know we did own it till the late 40s , sad days . 
  every british overseas territories with the exception of the two military bases , indian ocean and cyprus , and two research stations , georgia ( i think ) and [ british ] antarctica , are all their own nations in control of all domestic matters with the uk protecting this status , which the people can freely vote to end . 
  each nation has its own government set in a parliamentary way . 
  where did it say in the title independent european countries ?
