  obviously , who 'd claim otherwise ? 
  my point is rep ireland should have a border poll on joining the uk again . 
   sure ireland was different , we were n't a traditional kingdom like most of europe . 
  we were more tribal , does n't mean we were n't a united country by any means . 
  irish people to this day have differences with each other , does n't mean we are n't a country . 
  at best you have the honourary title of high-king , the kingdoms of ireland were seperate from each other and occasionally paid homage to a different tribes king as he was a bit stornger than most . 
   claiming the english never fought each other either ? 
  or the scottish ? 
  or the french , fuck look at the french map back when they were a kingdom , it was n't all roses . 
  no i did n't , each had a king who had a successor who the local lords paid homage to and provided levy and tax and swore loyality . 
   most of the invaders were integrated into society , we fought them all but we accepted other cultures . 
  the normans who invaded under papal banner had irish allies , they had n't even taken a speck of land at this point . 
   i mean direct people either murdered or killed because of fucking negligence of the uk during the famine . 
  or emigrated because of the famine . 
  a famine is n't murder . 
  yes the laissez faire model of 1st earl russell pm should n't have been used in the great hunger , a normal famine in ireland could 've taken that though . 
  the main lesson surly is do n't farm just one crop because if it fails you starve . 
   yeah 400k great when fuck tons of people died because we were slaves to them fat fucks across the water . 
  # 400,000 then is equivalent to # 1.409 billion today . 
  yeah what good would that do , who needs billions of pounds worth of crop anyway not us starving irish !, 
  further who was it that shipped food out of ireland ? 
  that 's right those * intergrated * lords or as you so nicely call them ` fat slave keeping fucks from across the water ' and irish lords too . 
  slaves are often given equal voting rights are n't they , slaves often sit in a house of lords . 
  oh that does n't sound like slavery . 
  you also appear irrationally angry , i 'd recomend seeking help . 
  i love how racist this sub can get and i would put good money on if wales voted to remain in the eu we would be a nation of a proud culture and very seperate from dirty england , becuase we voted to leave we are scum who have no past . 
  oh but it is n't racist as it was pointed out to me it is only xenophiobic as it is nationalities , so much better !, 
  so one would be correct in stating more than 4 million died in 400 years then . 
  the kingdom of england had all of england in the 1100s , the kingdom of scotland had all of scotland at the time . 
  the kingdom of france had all of france at the time . 
  the kingdom of denmark had all of denmark , there was no kingdom of ireland , till the english created it . 
  are you actually claiming the irish never fought each other ? 
  it was a divded land . 
   attack ireland back then and whatever bickering between the various provinces would stop pretty fucking quickly . 
  that 's why the norse and normans could n't take it then ... or have irish allies ... 
  i 'm going out on a limb and saying more than 4 million people died in 400 years , ireland had over a million in 1200 and by the 1800s was on four million , no way only 4 million died in 400 years . 
  further the main case raised , the great hunger , would have happended anyway and if the isle was n't part of the uk at the time you would n't have got over # 400,000 in aid from the uk . 
  the pope would like to disagree with you their , hence us getting the lordship of ireland . 
  this entity being the first thing to unite the isle of ireland , though throughout its history often the tribes broke free . 
  then came the kingdom of ireland which soldified english and latter british rule of the isle , then came the united kingdom of great britian and ireland . 
  history of a ireland under one nation ; lordship of ireland - 1171-1542 kingdom of ireland - 1542-1800 united kingdom of great britain and ireland 1801-1922 a united ireland 1171-1922 also your reply does n't make much sense . 
  i did n't ask a question and if you are trying to claim ireland under a high-king was a united nation that is most untrue and with the rare event of a high-king it effect litteraly nothing except the king of munster would bow before the high-king of ireland . 
  **** edit ; there was no ireland before we came there were petty kingdoms in which one king would eventually be fairly big and be called the high-king , meant fuck all and was n't a united kigdom of ireland . 
  lot 's of places have their own language , esspecially in the olden days . 
  i 'm going out on a limb and saying more than 4 million people died in 400 years , ireland had over a million in 1200 and by the 1800s was on four million , no way only 4 million died in 400 years . 
  further the main case raised , the great hunger , would have happended anyway and if the isle was n't part of the uk at the time you would n't have got over # 400,000 in aid from the uk . 
   give it back to ireland or give the republic back to us , ireland has only really been a unified state under english/british rule . 
  there is n't any sizable far right movement in the uk , everything you disagree with is n't far right buddy !, 
  racism relates to race , ethnicity and nationality . 
  clearly it is n't good enough . 
  the things all eu countries agree on ^ ( except all the countires which break eu rules , thankfully that is n't a lot ), 
  we also produce a shortage of graduates in most of the stem here in the uk . 
  certainly one of their finer policies and one that made me think of joining them instead of the lib dems till they elected nuttall as their leader . 
  in the uk to go to uni it costs between # 9,000 - # 9,250 a year ( doing between 3-6 years in most subjects ) ( if your english cheaper for welsh and scots as their devolved governments pay for it ) . 
  ukip would pay a stem students tuition if they work in the uk in a relavant field for 5 years . 
  no income tax on the minimum wage would mean a small increase to the personal allowance ( the ammount you earn that is n't taxed if you earn less than # 122,000 a year ) . 
  no tuition for stem students who work in the uk . 
  abolish fptp . 
  further devolution . 
  civic nationalism . 
  no income tax o [ n ] minimum wage . 
  a few of my favourites are no tuition for stem students who work in the uk . 
  abolish fptp . 
  further devolution . 
  civic nationalism . 
  no income tax on minimum wage . 
  certainly the cons of the party , esspecially post fargae , out weigh their good policies . 
  ukip have more polices than brexit . 
  the entire green bit is amsterdam , people occasionally misscall it holland . 
  why ai n't southern ireland yellow ? 
  i 'm most sure it does . 
  and you failing to recognise geogrpahy too speaks volumes . 
   imperialists are still butthurt about that . 
  indeed i wish we had listened to the hrp or ipp and moved towards a british federal state . 
   also , the british isles is a heavily politicised term that reasonable people do n't use all that much any more . 
  if you want to cry about the term do so , i will continue to use it because it is more than a reasonable term . 
  why are you such a child ? 
  now you reason it so well i can see the floor in my prior statement . 
  yes there is , tis the archipelago to the north west of europe the largest isle is great britian then ireland then the isle of man , do n't be so childish . 
  nor did i claim such , i said it was one of the home nations , the british isles . 
  the republic while being the only nation not under westminster sovereignty ( unfortunately ) is in the cta . 
  in the ruggers sense gb + ireland + mann . 
  the cta lot . 
  how 'd you see it as anti christian ? 
  one without a dragon on it, 
  st david is the only home nation saint to be off his nation . 
  so madrid should give them the referenda . 
  if madrid does n't do that i think catalonia should make it so they 'll have a referenda . 
  i would say declearing inderpendance after not being granted a referenda is different to just declaring inderpendance . 
  if it is the former we should recognise and influence them to hold a referenda with british ( among others ) observers to make sure tis all above board . 
  scotland did in 2014 wonderful referndum and the unionsit won . 
  northern ireland has talked often of having another border poll , nats bring it up unionist say alright and nats back down . 
  in wales there is n't much appitie fo such a vote , about 6 % of wales want inderpendance , certianly if that number shot up or plaid was elected to the parliament of wales on a mandated to request such a referenda then yes certainly . 
  should england want to leave the union then yes there should be a plebisite , i fail to see how any of this is controversial . 
  i do n't want any of them to leave , i 'm a unionist , but certainly the vote should be there should the people want it . 
  why we should do it ? 
  because we should respect the right of self determination . 
  if any part of the uk ( bar scotland till say 2024 ( 10 years after there most recent referenda on the issue ) want to leave and there is a democratic mandate for it they should get a referenda , if they are n't given a referenda they should take inderpendance . 
  hopefully it does n't come to this and hopefully the threat will be enough . 
  i hope we recognise them should it come to this .
