  the coordinates are the last politcal compass i did . 
  leave is support of leaving the eu , doubt that 'd go down to well here though . 
  and the cool flag with the dragon is the welsh flag . 
  i think forfitting the right to vote is a fair part of a punishment . 
  though i would also want most non violent offenders to not be in jail and personal drug use should be legal so you should n't be in jail for that . 
  women in england had wealth restircted voting from 1278 ( when the commons was formed ) , though the great reform act 1832 took them off the franchise and it would n't be equal to the reform act 1928 . 
  depends what they are in for . 
  i think if you should be released you could vote for that parliment but not before that . 
  on a three line . 
  i 'm too young to know but abbot said if you rebeled on a three line during blair/brown leadership you were gone , yet here he is . 
  did he ever rebel on a three line whip ? 
  as someone who supports a hard brexit the waste of money is n't going to help swing me around to being pro eu . 
  certainly it was n't what made me want to leave the union . 
  you 're right we have n't . 
  we said the eu is more unbenifical than benifical for the uk and as such we should with draw membership from the union . 
  unlike hawkuk i supported leave ( i say support as i was too young to vote ) but this does n't put us agaisnt you . 
  you are aware the eu trades with non eu states ? 
  the eu is bad for the working strata , why the socialist of labour were agaisnt the eu . 
  why many communists are opposed to the eu and why the working strata were more likely to leave . 
  people in the lower strata often are less educated . 
  the upper strata is more educated and does better from being in the eu . 
  i think you mean 48 % . 
  0.1 rounds down not up . 
  no we want that . 
  the negotiations will peddle us down from that stance . 
  ah i have n't seen much breton so just thought they had a system more common to welsh . 
  you forgot ll . 
  l and ll is the staple of the welsh language . 
  z also is n't a character in welsh , often replaced with s for words where the spelling does n't change when translated . 
  i would n't call the country persia though if i 'd call the culture persian . 
  only to a pakistani friend i knew , he called me english and we both called quitsies to go cry over our ouchies . 
  arab is n't a nationality also . 
  jewish is both a religion and a ethnic group . 
  why ? 
  would you consider a ethnic russian in vladistovock or some other far eastern part of russia european ? 
  also would you consider muslims in the balkans to be european ? 
  also if you were really to describe the person you see when you think of a european , what do they eat , when do they eat , how do they speak , what do they wear , what sports do they enjoy ? 
  i mean no offence by it . 
   ( and by extension , americans ) ? 
  please anything but american , can we put it on imperialism i 'd prefer that . 
  i 'd say a lot might be due to local restaurants , chinese , vietnamese , malaysian style food is all sold in similar restaurants and takeaways either labeled chinese or oriental and the staff is predominantly if not exclusively from this background . 
  in turn the indian ( sub continent ) restaurants do the curries , in one of the local indians my favourite curry was a sri lankan style fish curry which sort of links the two in a similar way to above . 
  if i ask someone from india to describe a european i doubt most europeans would n't fit , likely people from one or two countries does n't make the others not european . 
  would people born in asia all want to be called asian ? 
  i was born in europe and would n't describe myself as european . 
  i was too born in euro-afro-asia and would n't describe myself as a euro-afro-asian , anywho mean no offence to people of asia who do n't fit my assumption on first thoughts as to what an asian is . 
  if i asked a korean to do the same thing i imagine the fellow they describe be different to the indian 's description . 
  indeed they are however the modern meaning of the term semite refers moreso to ethnic jews than all semitic people . 
  it 's odd that turkey is put in that group , i guess it being middle east ( sorta ) , sunni muslim country makes people just join it with other sunni muslim middle east countries and peoples , arabs . 
  if the old ottoman script was used it would be more understandable . 
  i would probably put afghanistan in the same group with india and pakistan , though afghanistan does appear an odd one . 
  for the others i guess turkic ( not sure if that term would apply ) , steppe people , - istani 's or islamic republics region . 
  and the only country to have more than 1.5 % of it 's population to be jewish . 
  further the 25 % non jews are mostly palestinian arabs . 
  i 'm 18 . 
  i admit the terms oriental and persian are a bit dated . 
  though i believe both are still used . 
  germany , you knuckles bleeding too much from being such knuckle draggers ? 
  i do actually , lancaster city home to the university of lancaster and university of cumbria ( lancaster campus ) . 
  it might be different for people not from a university city , though i do n't live in the city per say , to me i would n't assume someone was on about an indian if they described them first as asian despite india being within asia . 
  to me asian generally means oriental like japan , china , korea , laos , vietnam , philippines , malaysia , brunei . 
  indian ( for lack of better term ) is for the sub continent , india , burma , bangladesh , sri lanka , pakistan , nepal , bhutan , afghanistan . 
  arab is for syria , palestine , egypt , libya , saudi , oman , yemen , uae , kuwait , iraq . 
  persian is for iran . 
  jew/semite for israel . 
  at least that 's how i generally see the the term for where someone is from . 
  currently the house of windsor ( 1917-present ) which has been the case since july 1917 after king george v changed the house as many nobles did to separate themselves from germany . 
  before that it was the house of saxe-coburg and gotha ( 1901-1917 ) . 
  before that it was the house of hanover ( 1714-1901 ) . 
  the first house of the united kingdom was the house of stuart ( 1707-1714 ) . 
  despite us having a queen , prince charles ( who is likely to become king george vii ) is of house of windsor not his fathers ( prince philip the greek and dane ) house of mountbatten ( which was house of battenburg but renamed because of the great war ) this did upset phil a bit at the time . 
  1707 acts of union formed the united kingdom of great britain . 
  1800 acts of union formed the united kingdom of great britain and ireland . 
  the anglo-irish treaty formed the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  british queens use the male duke for duchies rather than the female duchess as duke  duchess . 
  i 'll blame autocorrect for that , spelling is n't one of my strong suites either . 
  no worries ; in the brexit negotiations i would n't say that is what the eu is saying , we have already offered right to remain for all non british eu citizens here before the vote . 
  the only difference is the eu to have jurisdiction in the uk with the ecj which i think personally is a disgrace in the uk you should be judged as equals in our courts by our systems , not a foreign court , which is what the ecj would be at that point . 
  but let 's say the integration happens but than france has an election and votes to leave , how do we know who is french and who is n't ? 
  how do we know who is allowed to stay and who is n't ? 
  it appears like it 'd cause more trouble than it 's worth . 
  would you not say money gives people rights , if i have a significant higher amount than average i can do thinks you ca n't do with it . 
  i do n't think negotiating as a bloc would be a strength here given things like gdp per capita and average wage and deciles of wage are considered . 
  a country that gives france visa free access but not bulgaria i doubt would give france & bulgaria visa free rights as the bulgars economic situation has n't changed and remains a concern for the other country . 
  someone in africa who earns the equivalent of a few pounds a day would find his passport does n't give him access to the uk as the wage disparity is too great and it would risk us getting too many immigrants looking for a better life for them and their family . 
  i would say the hungarian should have equal rights , in northern ireland there 's a bit of tension between the ethnic groups . 
  some people see themselves as only irish so rather than they lose rights we allow irish citizens the right to vote . 
  austria should do the same with its ethnic minorities . 
  i would n't say the eu has brought peace and further we have had violence with the eta in basque country and ira in ireland and the uk . 
  that is the sort of violence i imagine would come in the balkans , armed citizens who partake in pogroms . 
  especially if they are integrated closer and closer . 
  it just appears like a completely ridiculous move to make if the members can succeed from the union , if the eu is to allow succession then it should obviously prepare for it to happen and certainly not act in a manner that would put everyone on that countries rights at possible risk . 
  it 's no more unfair than the concept of money and all people not having the exact same amount . 
  passports are n't all equal and the more powerful passports in the union are western , a single eu passport would just weaken west europeans ability to travel and strengthen east europeans , by how much , who knows . 
  it could really weaken the strength of a frenchmens passport for example as currently he has visa free access to 175 nations , joint second strongest passport . 
  single eu passport , none as they 'd all have to be reagreed with the added nations i imagine some of the nations would just refuse . 
  at best it would the eu passport would have visa free access to ~ 149 , lowest of any eu member ( croatia ) and i imagine mostly the same nations . 
  do you really think a hungarian living in austria ( i imagine loses rights because of this ) chooses to be hungarian would want to lose his hungarian passport and that connection to hungry ? 
  i highly doubt they would . 
  the eu are in talks with all nations in the balkans that are n't in the eu , bar turkey due to atat\u00fcrk 's favourite possible person erdogan had a bit of a power grab putting those talks on permanent hold and kosovo , not sure if they can apply with their current situation of not being that recognised .
