  does limburg have its own national party and do they ever get ellected ? 
  i hope they do . 
  nothing better than an all nighter with andrew neil . 
  can you remember if you had any thing for the brexit referenda or 2015 ge ? 
  how is the senate elected ? 
  do you know if nos and bbc have an agreement to show election coverage ? 
  i 've seen the manifesto , it did n't appear to great , at first i was unsure if it was translation issues . 
  though that is tiny , when i first saw it i thought it was a breif of what the manifesto was about and the general polices not the actual manifesto . 
  i rember the bbc ran a story about pvv gaining liberal support , would this be from the vvd ? 
  make sense for the policy change if that is the case . 
  do you know if bbc and nos have any agreements for election coverage ? 
  for the us election the bbc and abc have such an agreement . 
  is it popular to stay up and watch the ressults ? 
  do you know how the results are announced and if so will it be broadcasted . 
  if wilders does do well will any of the manifesto be used by other parties ? 
  or does he have no special rights ? 
  i tried to make it clear in how i worte it but understand the confusion , i mean the single party to get the most seats . 
  in the uk we do n't often deal with coalitions , we have had 7 since 1702 with three being war ministaries ( ww1 [ second asquith ministry | lloyd george ministry ] and ww2 [ churchill war ministry ] ) . 
  could pvv and wilders form the government with the minority of seats if no coalition forms against him ? 
  i assume this is just hypothetical . 
   why would anyone care wilders did n't become pm . 
  being the biggest party does n't mean shit if you ca n't convince a majority of the parliament to support you . 
  in the uk i believe it is expected that whoever has the most seats gives the pm . 
  though in saying that our largest party has near always over half the house . 
  also to be pm in the uk you have to control most of the commons , that would be the leader of the largest party . 
  as for the party i meant pvv not vvd , sorry . 
  thanks , as it appears vvd will likely win , be the largest party , would there be upset if wilders did n't become pm ? 
  are there likely to be enough parties to support vvd ? 
  could vvd rule as a minority government if they ca n't get a coalition ? 
  if vvd can do this and do could the other parties form a broad coalition and take power ? 
  in the netherlands is the winner of the election given prority in forming a coalition ? 
  either by law or just by common practise ? 
  well he clearly does n't as he said ukip had 4 million votes to one seat , they had 20,000 in clacton and won and had many more failed attempts . 
  the national vote does n't eqaute mps . 
  i have n't ever voted ukip and have no intention to for the forseable future . 
  no support them having those seats not support the party . 
  what of the polices i posted are you most apposed to . 
  free stem tution , the rat bastatrds . 
  direct democracy , pr for palriment , local referenda . 
  the autocratic dicks . 
  no tax for minimum wage , has there ever been a clearer attack on the poor ? 
  keeping the nhs free at the point of use , the most anti-british thing i 've ever heard . 
  a sensible enrgy policy involving nuclear investement , have n't they heard of chernobyl ? 
  i 'm not saying support ukip . 
  i 'm saying if you truly want pr you would n't see ukip sitting in parliment as a bad thing . 
  in fact y' would want it and encourage it so long as it was proportional . 
  the fact you make out ukip being in parliment would be bad shows it is n't so much for pr , which is a poor system . 
  so the people having a proportional say is unsavory ? 
  you really do n't make a good case for pr . 
  also have you learnt how the british system works yet ? 
  i would n't go around accusing others of being unaware if i myself belived ukip got one mp off 4 million votes . 
  so glad we can have a civil chat about it though !, 
  so you support pr but not the consequence of it as you can not justify pr ? 
  by what grounds is it more ` fair ' ? 
  have you learnt that ukip got one mp with around 20,000 votes ? 
   it 's quite hard to argue , really . 
  you have to argue for ukip , essentially . 
  surly if you are in favour of pr it should n't be hard to argue people want ukip . 
  ok you want to start of the insults we can go that way . 
  in the uk we vote for mps , you vote for one mp and he represents all the people near you . 
  we call this a constitency . 
  the uk has 650 of them . 
  when you go to vote you vote only in your constituency . 
  ukip won one constituency , clacton , with 20,000 ish votes . 
  that is how fptp works . 
  maybe before commenting on how many votes ukip got you should learn how british parlimentary democracy works . 
  we vote for our mp not for parties . 
  the uk wide vote counts for fuck all . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  3.9 million did n't vote in clacton . 
  so you only like pr when people that you like do better ? 
  no ukip have 1 mp with just shy of 20,000 votes . 
  the snp have 56 mps ( and contest 59 seats ) and average just north of 25,000 per seat . 
  each seat votes independant of all the other seats . 
   it 's quite hard to argue , really . 
  you have to argue * for * ukip , essentially . 
  you ca n't be infavour of pr then . 
  i 'm no fan of the scottish sociailsts or bnp but in my idea of lords reform both would have seats , scots socialist would have two peers , one for 2010 and one for 2015 . 
  bnp would have 6 peers , 4 for 2005 and 2 for 2010 . 
  we 've got the oldest alliance , we ca n't turn on each other now, 
  hit them with the wooden bit not the metal bit or the blade was n't sharp enough would be my guess . 
  no the uk is in the eu , soctland is n't one of the 28 member states . 
  here is a list of them . 
  https://www.gov.uk/eu-eea also scotland does n't meet the deffict gdp rule for membership . 
  the conservative & unionist party is much closer to the democrats than even the center republicans . 
  except we are a net payer into the eu and scotland is a net taker ( at least for the past few years ) from the uk . 
  also much more scottish trade goes to the rest of the uk than british trade goes to the eu , not to mention the we are an island so custom checks wo n't make to much of a big deal but we share a border with scotland meaning a build up on the roads . 
  the only think i see them struggling on is the defficit by gdp rule . 
  depending how uk debt is split also may have an effect if there is a debt gdp rule . 
  also spain did block the eu from talking with the devolved nations ( wales , scotland and northern ireland ) for the brexit negotiations . 
  no it is a punishment to them , their action is forfit of the vote . 
  noone made them kill their wife but they did so they ca n't vote in an election . 
  many things do n't deter crime , doesn ; t mean it is n't part of the punishment . 
  becuase if the government tried to do that it 'd be laughed by their own backbench , laughed by the commons , laughed by the lords and if it some how become an act of parliment it would n't get royal assent . 
  there is quite a big difference between being in a cat a , b or c prison to a speeding ticket . 
  stanger things could happen , maybe . 
  liberal-socialism is a policy akin to atlee of the labour party , economically socialistic spending but on social rights liberal . 
  i 've moved kindof away forgot to change on this sub . 
  republican is the desire for the abolishment of the monarch of gb & ni . 
  i want a lord-protector who is more a figure head than a actual head of state .
