  well , that 's the lazy man 's route . 
  the long game is more satisfying . 
  this approach is more erotic . 
  the devious mind of a kinkster is hard to know . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  i was n't being serious . 
  welcome to muslimsarebad.com, 
  that 's what he wants . 
  he ca n't say it up front , so he 's cleverly devised a way to make it happen for him one day . 
  ` this needs to stop ' is my fetish . 
  that 's my fetish . 
  a new ira splinter group perhaps ? 
  the inquisitive ira is my bet . 
  it just sounds messy . 
  cum everywhere , coffee stains , all bits of pastry on the floor covered in cum and spit , escorts with serious burns . 
  also shit stains . 
  coffee gets my guts going . 
  i can see why you would . 
  my natural reaction to stress is ` jesus fucking christ !!!! ', 
  it incorporates a bit of blasphemy , but it 's essentially an appeal to god . 
  i 'm not religious . 
  i knew a new born christian , who kept saying he thought it was ` interesting ' that non-religious people mentioned god in this way . 
  no , it 's not ` interesting ' , it 's just a feature of our language . 
  me too ( but british ) . 
  eye strain can go to hell . 
  we 're just into really bad ideas at the moment . 
  the next one is probably going to be ` blow up all schools and hospitals . 
  use the rubble to block up the channel tunnel/build a wall ' . 
  this is so fucking shit . 
  most of the poles i 've met are cool as fuck ( even the one or two i 've not liked where ok people to have a drink with ) . 
  i 'd rather have a polish mate , than a dickhead mate who shares my nationality . 
  i 've worked with poles . 
  the ones i know go out of their way to help , and are generally interesting people to chat with . 
  one pole i knew was politically opposite to me , but it did n't matter because he was fucking cool . 
  i 'd say at least we 've got the rest of vikings to look forward to , but now that 's ruined as well . 
  game of thrones was good . 
  yeah , it 's pretty interesting . 
  at least that 's something similar to a reason , even though it 's incredibly stupid . 
  some people just kept saying ` take me country back ' as an answer . 
  no real thought . 
  just a sentence banging around in their heads . 
  no , i think a lot of people really do n't understand what the eu is . 
  that 's what makes this shit worse for me . 
  i was just trying to help you out , no need to be wankery mate . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yeah man . 
  you go to any run down pub in the uk at midday , and all the old boys are there talking about all the memes on / r/europe , in between coughing fits . 
  ' i do n't like them foreign memes lad . 
  proper great british memes is what we need . 
  take back control of our memes lad !, 
  sorry that you prick so hard . 
  god bless you . 
  well , it 's both funny and true , so fair play . 
  ( still fucking sad though . ), 
  read that as asturians . 
  seemed like a very specific sample group . 
  god i 'm tired . 
  yeah , it actually can be . 
  yum , nice fucking cheese by the way . 
  i know what you mean . 
  i feel the same , like watching chaos unfold is quite satisfying . 
  until it involves you . 
  the border . 
  i 'm voting to stay in , but i agree . 
  there is part of me that would like to see how far things will go if we leave . 
  he 's likeable , genuine , and yet still a fucking wankerish toby jug . 
  that can be a good way to learn another language , and i 've only met one person it did n't really work for , because his job involved him being alone in a field all day . 
  i 'm afraid i 've never heard anyone say that here . 
  perhaps this is just something you guys are worried about , but is n't actually the case . 
  yeah , i 've noticed a shop in my city have opened a small window selling that . 
  i read about it a while ago , sounds good . 
  totally agree . 
  i 'm generally not sober when i go on holiday ( though usually i drink less than i do here ) , but i really enjoy being somewhere new , and i behave myself . 
  there are so many awesome things about spain , why wreck it by being another twatty lobster going nuts . 
  it 's a shame , and i hate being associated with it . 
  my spanish mate used to call us orcs , and describe england as mordor . 
  to be honest i can see the comparison , and the fact that the orcs in the lord of the rings films all seem to be cockney seems appropriate . 
  * current * ruler , no . 
  happened to me when i was about 18 . 
  to be fair , it happened during sex . 
  probably easier to get carried away under those circum ( cision ) stances , and not notice . 
  yeah . 
  it 's pretty horrific to look at , but once it 's happened and healed , you 're better off . 
  [ the nhs ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/chq/pages/876.aspx?categoryid=61 ) . 
  read the section entitled ` why has it torn ' . 
  with some difficulty . 
  thanks for the response . 
  it just did n't really matter to me . 
  it was exciting footage , but beyond that ... oh , i was stoned as fuck all the time back then , might have something to do with it . 
  of course they do . 
  they 'd claim responsibility for me wanking too hard and snapping my banjo string , if they thought it would get coverage . 
  actually that would get coverage . 
  yeah , probably . 
  everyone who is n't me are the same thing . 
  that 's like asking if bread is considered a food . 
  have they been active ( violently i mean ) over the last ten years ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/years_of_lead_ ( italy ), 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ** a * ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ law ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ student . 
  i remember people looking in through tv shop windows , like in a film . 
  i did n't really pay much attention until later in the day .
