  you joke ( i assume ) , but something like that happened to me . 
  had two women in their 50 's feeling my balls etc , getting me to walk around with no pants on , while they observed . 
  my mum was present , so it was above board . 
  later diagnosed with dyspraxia , so i guess they were trying to find out why i could n't write normally , etc. 
  seems a bit fucked though . 
  better . 
  amen . 
  a load of texans line dancing to a nasheed , is something i desperately want to see . 
  i thought the bleep test was bad , but that sounds fucking terrible . 
  it 's not as good . 
  i was watching this sketch about two days ago , having decided to revisit some of harry 's older stuff . 
  coincidence is a spooky bitch . 
  [ yes , but how tall is imhotep . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l0xt8lmyss ), 
  it 's a deal . 
  this should happen , but without the union . 
  actually , try and arrange it so that every anglosphere nation has it . 
  bring back smoking in pubs !, 
  no , that one is . 
  it 's just ran by a workaholic goth , with terrible eyesight . 
  might be ok then , just not in the summer . 
  what 's there now ? 
  basically all around the central areas . 
  they 're called things like ` central massage ' , often have a sign with a yellow background and black writing , but not all of them . 
  i do n't want rotting corpses in the street . 
  we used to , but if i 'm enjoying a sunny day , i do n't really want to be bothered by the stench of death . 
  that would be disgusting . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not sure he 's thought this through . 
  pretty sure i 've only seen it in london . 
  in bristol , we just have * really * obvious brothels all over the place , so i guess that 's why it 's not needed . 
  but where ? 
  i see . 
  and you think that this process would be bloodless ? 
  which ones ? 
  yes , that does sound insane , but you 're the one who said it . 
  it 's not what i think , or what i said . 
  please do n't put words into my mouth/keyboard . 
  could you tell me , when you mentioned deportations , who you think should be deported ? 
  do you realise how simplistic that sounds ? 
  but , ` take matters into your own hands with the muslims ' does kind of sound like that . 
  what do you mean then ? 
  ok , i 'll get on to the van rental company . 
  this sounds like a description of algebra . 
  do you mean , i should go out and just start physically attacking muslims ? 
  yeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!, 
  is that the only thing you 're posting about ? 
  the bombing ? 
  a quick glance at your overview suggests otherwise . 
  poor show . 
  i agree . 
  but on this topic in particular , their opinion means nothing . 
  it 's obvious what they 'd think about someone reciting poetry , but it 's not really aimed at them , is it ? 
  it 's about getting people here to feel stronger . 
  maybe i should have written ` who gives a fuck about what they think about somebody reciting poetry following a bombing ' ? 
  well , who gives a fuck what they think ? 
  how has this happened ? 
  i used to just walk around waitrose looking at all the fun shit that i could n't afford to buy . 
  what , the general public ? 
  for some reason , you just made me actually laugh . 
  ( fsryjmmal ? ), 
   i do n't know about you , but i have n't seen many native europeans trying to kill their own children lately . 
  [ 1996 was n't that long ago . 
  this is burnt into my memory . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunblane_school_massacre ), 
  i 've been living that way since i left home ( when i was 19 , so for 13 years ) . 
  i enjoy it for the most part . 
  always someone to talk to , have a beer with , etc. 
  i did for about 5 mins a few years ago . 
  i ca n't even remember whether it was good or not , it just left 0 impression on me . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  also , remain voters should be allowed to elect a champion . 
  my nomination would be an enormous erect cock . 
  really vivid , veiny , squirting hot cum , hot enough to burn through the earth . 
  probably that 's a bit weird , but there is a 0 % chance that i would be in charge , so it does n't matter . 
  fuck the rules !, 
  we need even harsher rules !, 
  ah , understood . 
  lol , what ? 
  his face angers me . 
  i can imagine him with gelled up hair and a tie , trying to ask me which broadband provider i use as i walk past him in a shopping centre . 
  you entered the same reply twice by mistake !, 
  hahaha . 
  hahahahahahahaaa . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  ha ha ha . 
  haaaaaaaaaaa . 
  ha ha ha . 
  ha ha haaa . 
  ha ha haaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaaaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaaaaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaaaaaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaaaaaaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaaaaaaaaa . 
  ha ha haaaaaaaaaaaaa . 
  edit : so this is what happens if i go on reddit when i 'm very high . 
  no regrets .
