  hmmm . 
  of course you are entitled to your opinion . 
  but what if you fell in love with a black person ? 
  would scrap the relationship because it does n't fit your ideal ? 
  that really would be wrong . 
  i 'm talking from personal experience . 
  mixed babies are exactly that . 
  i know a fuck load of mixed race people , and except for the hair , they look like both parents . 
  shit , i 've seen mixed race kids with blond hair . 
  rare , but it happens . 
  if you fuck a black person , and have a baby , that baby looks like both of you , as all babies look like both of their parents , you ignorant fool . 
  pathetic , and incorrect . 
  facial features are still passed down . 
  i know a girl with a black granny . 
  the girl is basically white ( straight hair , pale olive skin ) , but it 's easy to tell that they are related because of her facial structure . 
  her gran is really really black , but they have the same sort of face . 
  no kid is going to ` look like you ' unless you fuck yourself , or maybe your sibling . 
  i love brown ass . 
  quiet down cletus , you might wake up your wife/sister , and her boyfriend who is also your uncle/father . 
  c u n t, 
  oh the oxbridge wurzels ? 
  nah , fuck them and their shitty music . 
  fuck off and die, 
  did people use the term ` west indies ' for the carribbean ? 
  no , not really a troll . 
  i just do n't really give a fuck , and i 'm not about to put any effort into whatever this wanky little exchange is . 
  looks like you 're a proficient reddit warrior because you quoted me , but i 'm just bored . 
  you could just ignore this . 
  your original question could be answered by me saying ' i typed a word on the internet ' . 
  you 've now made an issue out of it . 
  how does that make you look ? 
  it makes you look overly sensitive , a pedantic twat , and uppity . 
  i 'm just hungover , trying to care for my nan , randomly interacting online . 
  seems like this is your passion . 
  fucking get something else for yourself . 
  i 'll ask you a question : why even reply to me at all ? 
  you are hyped to fuck if you think even responding to me is worth your effort . 
  i 'm just going to abuse you . 
  maybe you 're doing the lord 's work , eh ? 
  you 're a bit fucking hyped are n't you ? 
  have a wank ( if that 's allowed ) and chill out . 
  oh the pulled pork thing . 
  not for me really . 
  belly pork is my thing , my girlfriend is of carribbean descent , and as such seasons the shit out of everything . 
  shallow fry it so it burns slightly , it 's fucking amazing . 
  10/10 with rice and peas . 
  yes . 
  do n't anger us . 
  christ . 
  it 's a really unconnected comment . 
  do n't fucking start . 
  i 've always seen ` south asian ' as an american term . 
  people usually say ` asian ' for indian/pakistani . 
  i 've met muslim kids who eat pork , because it 's nice . 
  they just do n't tell their family . 
  i 'm half church of england , half catholic , full agnostic . 
  that 's how it goes . 
  more shame by association . 
  just leave it round the back boys , i 've got loads to get through . 
  easy in bristol . 
  i draxx it sklounst . 
  the only kind of wank worth having . 
  get your balaclava on , turn the white noise up to eleven , and start jumping into the walls with your cock out . 
  i 'd give it a go in ireland , but ultimately my goal is to live somewhere hot , so it would maybe feel fraudulent on some level , knowing i basically had my eye on the door . 
  who know 's though ? 
  maybe i 'd love it and want to stay . 
  like you said , one shot at life . 
  probably should n't spend it all in bristol , necking cider everyday . 
  sadists . 
  virus database has been updated ! ', 
  ` just leave me alone . ', 
  we also have wessex water . 
  i love it . 
  i do n't know why , but i love being really fucking hot . 
  it does n't seem to bother me , as long as i do n't get sun burn . 
  love the day moon . 
  uh oh , i can feel my nose tingling . 
  the real question . 
  yeah . 
  people from my village used to pronounce ` l' differently to the town which is about 2 miles away . 
  west country for life . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't want to know . 
  lord buckethead happens . 
  irritating for me , because i only ever wanted to take drugs , and eat burgers . 
  yeah !, 
  got to hold that pen , got to hold it really tightly !, 
  me to . 
  in the end , i was diagnosed by a really nice women , who watched me do things like throwing a ball around . 
  she never touched me up . 
  a balance issue ? 
  which country ? 
  we had cross country running . 
  basically , the whole class joggs up a hill , through the woods . 
  i hated it/loved it . 
  good man !, 
  i suppose i knew it was n't accurate . 
  maybe i was talking about some sort of stereotype i have in my mind . 
  either way , i went out last night , and drank a load , so i write to you drunk . 
  yeah , as many stereotypes as possible .
