what surprises me more is that we 're both ahead of france . 
  it goes against everything i 've been told my whole life . 
  let 's just keep drinking irresponsibly , and eating clotted blood then ? 
  not me . 
  well i regard my whole life as a holiday , so that 's how i am most of the time . 
  but , last year i went to spain with some spanish people , and decided i had to behave myself . 
  i was more sober than usual , so i suppose i am a sort of inverse englishman . 
  still got sunburn . 
  good to see . 
  yes , by many . 
  but , the fact is , he received nearly 4 million votes , which is more than the entire population of wales , or just under 80 % of the entire population of of norway . 
  there is large support , if not for him , or even his party , but for something similar to what they stand for . 
  i hate what they stand for personally , but that 's democracy . 
  this makes me want to ring people up , only to immediately tell them not to say anything . 
  `` hello ? '', 
  `` shut up ! '', 
  silence . 
  what if they 'd have used bicycles ? 
  catchy . 
  i just hack strikers , and boot the ball up the field , so yes . 
  also , where are you from ? 
  is that all you took from what i wrote ? 
  exactly . 
  they walk among us , so look for the signs . 
  one of the signs is an aversion to lower league english football clubs , so beware any man who is sweating while in attendance of isthmian league playoffs next year . 
  it could get messy . 
  that is fucked !, 
  at what point does he just start making things up ? 
  maybe he just gets members of the audience to take penalties against him , and anyone who scores is a fucking lizard . 
  same here as a brit ( ... ish ) . 
  economic issues are important , but for me the main thing is solidarity and a shared history . 
  on a personal level , this period has been great . 
  i 've mates now from all over europe . 
  meeting people , sharing ideas , jokes ( some piss taking , as is standard ) , not wanting to immediately murder french people and actually having really good fun with them because they are more like me than some prick from the town i come from . 
  it makes me fucking sick that so many people in my country do n't see this . 
  if we leave , maybe i 'll take advantage of being eligible for irish citizenship . 
  anytime anyone mentions david icke i ca n't help wanting to mention that he was a professional footballer in the 70 's . 
  btw , david icke was a professional footballer in the 70 's . 
  cool , thanks for the reply . 
  i keep meaning to read up on it , as it sounds quite interesting . 
  that 's mad . 
  we fuck up once , and you change your national anthem about it . 
  we should change our national anthem , so it includes the words ` oh great , portugal needs us to go to war again . 
  well , i 'm glad they do n't think we have our own problems . 
  enjoy your wonderful lifestyle lads . 
  we 'll just be up north , getting really drunk , crying in our cold beds , waiting for our next invite to iberia . 
  oh ... you 've written a song about how shit we are ... ok . ', 
  my grandmother told me that british soldiers came looking for her dad at some point . 
  ` english boys like you ' . 
  cheers nan . 
  quite confusing really . 
  stalin was like the hitler of communism , right ? 
  wider face hair , more manly , great dancer . 
  it 's good shit . 
  the first and pretty much only full sentence i 've managed to produce in spanish was about how good/cheap it is . 
  english fuck here . 
  christmas eve usually involves going to the pub ( if you can even get in , or are n't working , because fuck your life ) . 
  christmas day then begins with a hangover ( this represents the crown of thorns ? ) . 
  with my family , we wake up with a few small presents in a big sock , then it 's time for champagne or equivalent sparkling booze wine . 
  then , maybe a walk after a simple breakfast , which might be quite late , so the walk might lead you to a few pints at the pub . 
  back now to home , more drinking , which continues throughout the day , while various people cook the standard christmas dinner ( includes various drinks ) . 
  gifts after the meal ( includes various drinks ) , then more drinking , even though you feel really ill from the food . 
  at various points you sleep . 
  drunk grandmother calls you by various uncles ' names . 
  might have an argument with someone . 
  not a bad day . 
  i used to live with some romanians , and i thought they were fucking cool !, 
  they were some of the most genuine people i 've met . 
  that fucking alcohol though , the strong stuff ... wow . 
  my girlfriend banned me from drinking it , so the romanian blokes would give it to me secretly . 
  soapy brexit sounds erotic . 
  although , if brexit was a woman , she 'd be a mad old cat lady . 
  i agree . 
  i mean , it 's obviously pretty important to me for a number of reasons , such as the fucking of my future , but i 'm sick of hearing about it . 
  the word ` brexit ' over and over again . 
  difficult to masturbate to . 
  no problem . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ( ( unwillingness ) ), 
  ever rub them on your face ? 
  well , it 's a constructive use of their free time . 
  why do you hate child soldiers so much ? 
  they 're already having a shit time without you having a go . 
  why could that not have happened ? 
  seems like a weird thing to make up . 
  it 's similar . 
  but the main thing is to not visit rough white neighbourhoods , or hang around shitholes at night . 
  that 's a lot of work . 
  no one else goes near my arsehole ( at least not in my current relationship ) , and i 've never succumbed to arse illness . 
  i just do n't see the need for so much anal cleansing . 
  who is it for ? 
  wow . 
  i 've seen them once or twice . 
  i was afraid . 
  i do n't want to be raped by waterman . 
  trying hard are n't you . 
  ... are you threatening me ? 
  i thought it was rude and aggressive . 
  edit : i 'm rarely serious . 
  if you see me on this sub , please assume i 'm joking ( except sometimes ) . 
  just saying this , because downvotes ( fuck ' / s ' ) .
