  still , i was n't really fazed by it . 
  i just remember thinking ` that 's big ' . 
  16 year old me did n't give a fuck about it . 
  naturally i thought more about it as i 've grown . 
  thought about what people must have experienced etc. 
  yeah . 
  i voted remain , but as soon as the result came through , i physically attacked several polish people who had previously been my friends , and donated all my nan 's money to ukip . 
  we 're all in a brexit means hard brexit together , after all . 
  yeah . 
  some people like to talk about how the ira would warn people in advance ( gentlemen bombers ) , but it did n't always happen like that , whether by mistake or on purpose . 
  plus both sides used to shoot up/lob grenades into/bomb pubs . 
  even if you think there is a legitimate political target in there , there will also be civilians . 
  yeah , i was n't really trying to make a point , i was just replying to the trump boy . 
  bit busy atm , so i 'll try to be breif ( and probably fuck some stuff up ) . 
  there is a problem with extremist violence in general . 
  the last act of terrorism here was the murder of jo cox by a right wing extremist . 
  there 's been plenty of examples of right wing lovies committing horrible acts of violence against innocent civilians . 
  maybe not as many incidents , but it 's not really the point . 
  they want to act as if it 's one group in particular , and often seem to add all muslims to to that group . 
  i think that 's unhelpful , and just helps stir the shitpot . 
  we 'll see whether this cunt was working alone or not . 
  if it 's just some guy acting alone , it 's hardly even terrorism . 
  it 's just a mad cunt , pumped up by sensationalist media and propaganda , doing what mad cunts do . 
  that said , if this is part of the definition of terrorism , then so are lots of shootings commited by one person . 
  perhaps as an aside , i personally feel like this continent is actually safer than it 's ever been . 
  look at the kinds of thing going on during the 70s and 80s , the bombings , the shootings . 
  that was usually europeans killing other europeans . 
  srit - opposed to one group of brutalists in particular . 
  ` what are your methods ? ', 
  ` we go around calling people cucks , saying ` alan snackbar ' and ` religion of peace ' , telling people that we were right all along , and it 's all got something to do with a green frog , and a rambling billionaire . ', 
  ` excellent work ! ', 
  could 've fooled me . 
  looks like a nice excuse for you lot to go around repeating your tired buzzwords and shitty jokes . 
  but you 're right , there is a problem , just it might not be the one you think it is . 
  stop what ? 
  all terrorism ? 
  if that 's the case , they 're going about it the wrong way . 
  wow , just poked my head in there . 
  they love this kind of thing , almost jubilation . 
  consolidate all your snakes into one massive snake !, 
  i feel like we would usually say ` at home ' . 
  yes , but this one will take it even further , as to build the equivalent of a nuke , you 'll need to * really * get to know your target . 
  that target wo n't be dead , and you 'll have come away knowing more about their heritage . 
  also , in this war , the atrocities will be confined to ill researched material , clich\u00e9s , and poorly executed shouted sentences . 
  i 've personal experience with the latter . 
  when i was about 15 , i tried to shout something at the football on my own , fucked up the words , and heard multiple people in the crowd around me saying ` what the fuck ? ', 
  still hurts . 
  it 's going to be difficult to attack some places . 
  for instance it 's going to be fairly difficult for me to write a chant about people from lichtenstein . 
  the only thing i really know about that place is it has a blue and red flag , and was bought by some austrian centuries ago for political gain . 
  even that i 'm not sure of . 
  probably fucked up the facts . 
  actually , this is a good thing . 
  people will have to learn intrinsic details about each other 's culture/history , so as to be able to have the best ammunition . 
  in doing so , people will educate themselves , and perhaps learn to love each other . 
  tldr : the war of abuse will unify europe . 
  do you mean a war where people just go around shouting abuse at/singing songs about each other on a continental scale ? 
  if so , as long as there 's no violence , i 'd like to just drive around europe shouting things at people in esperanto . 
  edit : this has nothing to do with brexit . 
  suddenly realised people might take it that way . 
  i 'd not heard that before . 
  nice !, 
  it 's a running joke in the uk that welsh people fuck sheep . 
  at football matches against welsh teams , people make sheep noises and chant ` sheep sheep sheep shaggers ! ', 
  pretty low grade shit , but it 's still a thing people like to say . 
  [ it 's ok , they know what they are . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifsrcrpcfxk ), 
  that 's a weird request to make of anyone , let alone an actual queen . 
  unfriend and block immediately . 
  had a feeling it might be something like that . 
  what ? 
  i got so drunk last week that i was worried i 'd not be able to drink at christmas . 
  easing myself in with a guinness or six tonight . 
  tomorrow i 'll drink more , and watch my girlfriend 's family tear each other a collective new one . 
  that was great !, 
  it really does n't matter to me either way . 
  when someone tells a joke , the truth is not necessarily what 's important . 
  i described an unrealistic character for comic effect , because i enjoyed the idea of a racist editor whose love of knees overrides his prejudice . 
  think for a second about what i wrote . 
  does it even make sense ? 
  it 's just flim flam . 
  but , now here you are giving a shit about frivolous whimsy ; what is it you hoped to achieve from this interaction ? 
  ... it was a joke . 
  did you not read the bit about the knee ? 
  ' i might be a racist , but i know a nice knee when i see one . 
  keep that in , it 's great . ', 
  there 's fucking loads of people who do it . 
  most are quite serious , but this kid seems to be just doing it as a joke , and i find him quite funny . 
  ever seen [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/feu41fpum5u?t=6m ) guy ? 
  watch for 30 seconds only . 
  someone needed to do this , and this is the right man for the job . 
  i need him to come and do this in my city . 
  you naughty bastard . 
  lol, 
  i 've already held that debate . 
  the outcome : you 're a mess . 
  what are you on about ? 
  you 're a mess . 
  mate , you are gash at this . 
  thanks for an honest answer .
