  this system was a joke and we 're good without it . 
  i do n't even need you to believe me , just google that mechanism yourself . 
  my friend from uni , as well as well known leftists like szprota are participating . 
  that 's enough credentials for me . 
  i already sent my admission through my friend . 
  i may be involved with them if they need my it skills  . 
  anyway , they have street cred , yo . 
  really ? 
  which port would have a chance to bite some of that cake ? 
  also , let 's build that motherfuckin ' highway between ro-pl , so we get a taste of that juicy logistics business , 
  on the picture there is polish tax return form . 
  polish bureaucracy best bureaucracy . 
  ^ ( or at least , the biggest , baddest of them all ), 
  well , it 's a bit of a nonsense . 
  there is an actual road planned there , waiting for the construction to start , but they went ahead and made a false show . 
  still , not a scandal in my book . 
  it 's a campaign , as long as it is funded by komorowski campaign fund he could dig a hole to china as far as i 'm concerned . 
  haha , spot on !, 
  also , suffered the most in ww2 . 
  always there , ready to shove our history version upon anyone , interested or not :d, 
  true , that is not an official army statement . 
  well , wyborcza is arguably the best newspaper in poland , one of two left that actually employ journalists and reporters instead of lead copywriters . 
  the numbers are like @angel -0 a said , 70 choppers ( + 30 more assault ones , but for those there is no decision yet ) and 6 batteries of patriot . 
  airbus helicopters said they 're going to open a plant near \u0141\u00f3d\u017a that will service those . 
  i was thinking more `` political offset '' . 
  naturally i can only speculate but it 's possible that this was a ` tit-for-tat ' deal : do n't sell your ships to russia and we 'll buy your helicopters . 
  or some other kind of deal , i recently heard that french army with tanks will come for military excersises in pomerania . 
  source is in polish , but basically this is pretty big contract by polish army , valued for ~ $ 10 billion . 
  this deal is very interesting because french and american companies competed for it using not only their product and price , but also with political offset . 
  also the french were really disgruntled with poland for wanting them not to sell mistral ships to russia and never actually favoring french companies when it came to armament upgrade . 
  now there 's a reason for france to value franco-polish relations a bit more  . 
  well , i 've heard that claim before bu i think you misunderstood it . 
  it 's not like those peoeple think that belarussians are `` true '' lithuanians , as in : the descendants of the people from lithuania proper , and current lithuanians are impostors . 
  it 's all about gdl . 
  yes , lithuanians , the ethnic group started to expand into ruthenian territory , but failed to absorb the locals . 
  they themselves were ruthenized or polonized instead . 
  so fast forward 200 years after lithuanian conquest you get a large country named `` lithuania '' with only tiny fraction of people being actual , original lithuanians and the rest are ? 
  well it came that they were called lithuanians , too . 
  however , despite the name collision , i do n't think that they claim to be successors of the people who originally conquered ruthenian parts of the gdl , they only claim to be successors of the gdl itself , to which they have every right , imo ( original lithuanians , too , of course ) . 
  that 's the version i encountered on the internet . 
  that 's what she said, 
  the alternative might be what 's currently happening in donbas . 
  also , if nato is not proposing you membership then you only have 2 options : ally with russia or get invaded by exceptionally well equipped tourists . 
  he 's actually good friends with merkel . 
  they know each other for a long time and always got great relations . 
  but now there 's just too few of you . 
  yeah , that might give the french an advantage , as their main competition is just assembling deep-frozen burgers . 
  we prefer to get the know-how , 
  i agree . 
  also , interesting question just came to my mind : from a moral point of view , are `` amoral '' and `` immoral '' distinguishable ? 
  `` this view is reprehensible from a human perspective , but the fact remains that there is money to be made . '', 
  -- capitalism, 
  except not publishing the constitutional court ruling is a blatant breach of law . 
  it 's not like it was democratically elected , pis won the election but did n't win constitutional majority , so the nation says they ca n't change the system . 
  they are trying to change that , which is a breach of democracry . 
  they are transgressing their mandate . 
  i do n't understand that attitude . 
  is is the same thing as not calling police when your neighbour beats his wife , because `` you wash your dirt at home '' ? 
  no , he 's a fungus https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lenin_was_a_mushroom, 
  did refugees from syria start ? 
  before you can answer : no evidence of that right now . 
  there were 37k of civilians wih them , who stayed in iran . 
  when you ca n't even read the linked article , what does that show ? 
  not the same thing . 
  nation ! = state , one does not follow the other . 
  yeah , you missed it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anders%27_army#under_british_command, 
  well , considering that the whole notion of nationhood is a load of crap it does n't make any difference whether it 's civic or ethnic, 
  yeah , that 's why i said `` maybe '' . 
  the only way to change that is to talk with people . 
  talk with people who have other views than yourself , be respectful and explain your position . 
  a lot of people in poland have leftist view on society , yet they vote for pis because for them most important quality of a politician is how `` patriotic '' he is . 
  like that will prevent these politicians from acting unethically , because of their love for their country . 
  i think we 'll need this 4 years to pass for people to realize this is wrong . 
  yeah it is . 
  except there is n't any left-wing party in the mainstream right now . 
  well , maybe razem . 
  of course they do n't advocate for socialism . 
  they 're buying votes with direct cash transfers . 
  no actual social policy is being presented . 
  they have shown no goals their policies are aimed at , they do n't have any plan of transforming the society through their plans . 
  pis ideology is nationalism with a little bit of populism smeared on top . 
  razem and greens are parties that are closest to socialist overtones , but even them do not propose abolishing of capitalism . 
  like , at least 20 beers . 
  those czechoslovaks are insane with their beer prices . 
  that 's just because of the prefix `` malo - `` m which means `` small '' . 
  i thought we had something going here , in wroc\u0142aw . 
  narodowe forum muzyke , some theatres , ossolineum , grotowski institute ... how do you see wroc\u0142aw in that respect ? 
  nice !, 
  can we do it , too ? 
  i mean , expel poles who destroy cars and shops and assault women ? 
  haha , yeah . 
  it 's even a common saying in wroc\u0142aw : `` those fucking chimneys '' ( `` te jebane kominy '' ) . 
  we 'll probably not get rid of it until it 's decomissioned , because it apparently would be infeasible to open a new one in the suburbs . 
  it ruined loads of photos of the old city already . 
  haha , i live near that horrors cape you posted !, 
  do n't go to walbrzych again , though . 
  it 's widely regarded as one of the ugliest , most depressive towns in the country . 
  wroc\u0142aw , that 's like 50km north is way better , prettier and interesting . 
  i do n't have any way of confirming that . 
  i do n't have any reason to trust macierewicz judgement either .
