  so what would in reality happen is just changing distribution system to less efficient . 
  some wages would n't be paid , so some taxes would n't flow in . 
  what 's more is that now formerly working `` minimum wage slave '' is now unemployed and requires aid . 
  he receives this aid from a state , which , in turn receives it from employee former employer . 
  and the states get it 's cut , too . 
  in the end , the laid-off worker gets less and is unproductive , the rest has to work harder for the same wage , the employer 's life just got harder , because he has to manage with less resources . 
  and that 's a net loss for a country , too , because who was once employed , taxed and productive , in however minimal amount is now dependent on social aid . 
  it is now the question if the expected profits are not caught into the social security net . 
  i think they would be , and we would never see them again . 
  edit-disclaimer : i am not an economist and may have overlooked many things . 
  if you can think of counterarguments to what i wrote , i would be happy to correct myself . 
  that would be disastrous . 
  and i 'm from poland , one of countries with the lowest wages . 
  it would only fuel unemployment as well as inflation . 
  i see no benefit of raising minimal wage in my country . 
  he meant that the text itself contains grammatical errors . 
  not that he needs a proof of what 's written in it . 
  just saying !, 
  cool story , bro , though !, 
  umm , yeah , it 's been this way through last 6000 years ? 
  i mean , where else to live in this country ? 
  all else is practically a desert . 
  okay then , i got a bit carried away with my rant , sorry about that . 
  it just because it 's really pissing me off , to think of these bastards from the communist party . 
  i tend to get a little angry , especially when i see some sheltered americans defending communism here on reddit . 
   really it 's shooting fish in a barrel listing the millions of deaths caused directly or indirectly by the us . 
  i do n't think you could top ussr 's . 
  i do n't think it would be even close . 
  but that 's pointless , even if one country 's deathlist is longer than the others , it does n't really prove anything . 
  just one more thing : the casualties of holodomor are direct effect of nationalization and collectivization of russian and ukrainian farms . 
  this is n't about authoritarianism . 
  this blood is on communist ambitions alone . 
  read some testimonies , it was monstrous . 
  it depends how to you measure state 's success . 
  i measure it by wellbeing of it 's citizens . 
  by this logic , ussr was a complete and utter failure . 
  if you measure it by how well off are the elites , then ussr is probably as good as the us . 
  `` well you could say pretty much exactly the same thing about the us to be fair '' no . 
  either you will now mention several million people that died directly because of us president politics , or you have to withdraw your statement . 
  holodomor and gulag alone took toll of 10 million people and this just because the party was paranoid about it 's power . 
  where in the fucking history did united states take 10 million civilian lives ? 
  do you even get that number ? 
  this was n't even war . 
  they just murdered their own population because ` communism ' . 
  there is similar group of leftist activists in poland . 
  they have this website , it lists , like , 4 persons in the group . 
  yet , they have already divided themselves into fractions ( and great names of these , too ; cool acronyms , and all ) , given themselves some fantastic titles . 
  lots of commissioners and many of them of the `` high '' variety . 
  pretty cool . 
  they write long dissertation about their ideology , and their friends discuss it passionately . 
  very lolworthy , although it 's all in polish and i lost the link :( . 
  `` i 'm no expert or anything but the ussr existed just fine for decades . '', 
  in which decades has it existed finely ? 
  ussr was all about murdering its own people , preserving elite 's power or acquiring more power . 
  1920s : holodomor , war with poland 1930s : gulag , the great purge 1940s : conquest and subjugation of central and east europe 1950s : forceful suppression of anti-soviet opposition in poland and hungary , war in korea 1960s : cuban missile crisis , vietnam war , prague spring 1970s : war in afghanistan , 1980s : no major crimes against humanity , except afghanistan war continues as well as usual terror against civilians in soviet union and subjugated states . 
  in every decade you have at least one , murderous initiative that is only undertaken to extend ruling party 's power . 
  except 1980s . 
  well , i see . 
  you meant 1980s , when soviet union was on the verge of collapse , had enormous economic troubles that ruined its population and eventually it dismantled . 
  there was never a time , when ussr would exist ` fine ' . 
  it was founded on terror and functioned on it . 
  how about communist revolution in russia in 1917 ? 
  was n't this started as a handbook communism implementation ? 
  the working masses arose and seized power , and such ? 
  then , this quickly degenerated into totalitarian exploitive oligarchy . 
  i think the claim here is that every communist rule will sooner or later end up like that . 
  a valid point . 
  yes , the current crisis is dragging along for too long already . 
  and it probably could have been handled in a better way ( though i must admit , i have no idea whatsoever what ' a better way ' would look like ... maybe you do ? ) . 
  but i do n't think this is a critical set of mistakes that 'll cost dismantling of the eu . 
  and if it 's not , then the eu will recover and remain the heaviest player on board . 
  or one of the heaviest . 
  it is going to be a major player due to it 's sheer weight alone . 
  but i 'm not going to argue about a leading position -- the eu may not be the first right now , in the `` economic best '' ranking , and i do n't even know how to measure `` being first '' . 
  it is most certainly one of the leaders , ** at least ** on par with the us and china and whatever else . 
  yeah , sure . 
  they all used a fork and a spoon to eat their dinners , though . 
  militarily , yes . 
  economically , not so much . 
  the eu has already surpassed the us in the gdp field and still has a lot place to grow -- think all of the newest eastern acquisitions . 
  agreed on the winters . 
  it 's so inconsistent in poland , either it 's -20 c and freezing balls or it 's about 0c and gross muddy snow shit everywhere :( . 
  i 'm all about summers , though  . 
  from wikipedia it seems that summer temperatures in stockholm are 20-25 celsius . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's lower than pretty much anywhere in poland :( . 
  where are all the hot days ? 
  a bold prediction . 
  some nations split . 
  some states revert to anarchy and lawlessness . 
  i think it 's at least as probable for europe to unify eventually as is it to dissolve to the pre-eu nationalist shitfest . 
  this was very hard to read for me . 
  the amount of damage done for my country by soviet russia is astounding and it still affects my everyday life . 
  i even wrote kind of angry post to you , only to remind myself , that you 're only a messenger , and you personally do not hold such beliefs . 
  the worst part is , i believe that russian people do n't really mean harm to anyone . 
  it is just so sad , that they always follow their crazy asshole-ish governments . 
  why every single ruler of russia is always a mega-douchebag and no one calls him out on it ? 
  : / and i do n't even see how it could change , considering how the power is perceived in russia . 
  motherfucking putin not only has any support , but also wins elections even when not really trying hard to rig it : /, 
  sweden . 
  i like you .
