  like , not real . 
  this is in accordance with what most of the literature i read says . 
  the page about the name lechia treats him like he 's real . 
  that 's the problem . 
  what ? 
  are there any sources for that particular lech the 1st ? 
  it does smell like turboslavs and wikipedia vandalism to me ... 
   you create prussia !, 
  i know , we should have diploannexed them after we vassalized . 
  we just could n't spare any diplo points because we were busy converting wilno to nasze xd, 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's just a weird name , very different from those in other languages ( which are pretty all over the place themselves ) . 
  you would n't believe how we poles call your aachen . 
  go ahead , guess !, 
  it 's `` akwizgran '' xd, 
  that would make a great anime, 
   supporting rebels and supply them with weapons to terrorize civilians  protecting dictators in qatar and saudi arabia  ever intervening in other countries inner politics ??? 
  seriously how deluded are you ? 
  oh , really ? 
  sweden does those things ? 
  or denmark . 
  or , you know , any country that is civilized ? 
  and even if it did , what the fuck does have to do with allowing such things to happen in russia ? 
  like gensek said , responding with `` others do it , so i can too '' is a [ fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes_ ) . 
  not all of these are `` things '' . 
  some of points are painful , cancerous processes that are not found in western countries . 
  corruption , for example . 
  i do n't remember my country government assassinating anyone , too . 
  that happened way too many times to call it `` incidental '' . 
  this is a murderous governmental policy . 
  supporting oppressive regimes in asia just to sell them weapons they use to terrorize their own civilians . 
  protecting dictators , like lukaszenka . 
  intervening in other countries ' inner politics . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  do sweden act like that ? 
  or germany ? 
  france , uk ? 
  denmark , norway , switzerland ? 
  i agree that it acts barbaric . 
  but beside that in the usa there is significantly less corruption , more freedom of speech , better education and overall better quality of life . 
  although the usa is n't the best example of civilized society and frankly , not something anyone should look up to . 
   russia as any other country cares about stability in it 's region . 
  serbia is hardly in the vicinity of russia . 
  i 'm concluding you 're talking about usa here . 
  that does n't really prove any point . 
  the fact that some other country acts barbaric is in what way exactly a justification for russia ? 
  really ? 
  years of labor camp for blasphemy ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it just show how far form civilized the russian legal system is . 
  also : * existence of penal camps, 
  disputable . 
  things like : * pussy riot case , * chodorkowski case , abramowicz case and all the other oligarchs -- both their existence and disposing of them * government inspired murders of litwinienko and politkowska * the level of corruption affecting everyone from the executives of gazprom to mere militiamen * hdi level comparable to belarus and kazakhstan , hardly civilized states all these points make me doubt that russia is even * participating * the civilized world , much less that it ** is ** the civilized world . 
  i 'm sorry , but russian political system is barbaric in the least and hurts russian people both economically and socially . 
  i laughed at israel included . 
   merkameron nice , add `` mk.ii '' and it sounds like a killer robot name  . 
   the last line is a reference to the quarrel between the president and the prime minister over who has the last word on matters of european policy . 
  they are from opposing political camps . 
  make sure nobody gets in a plane crash because of it . 
  i can tell you from experience that this generates a shitstorm of enormous proportions . 
  well , accroding to some we need moar catholic . 
  you 're kind of right , right now right-wing media are not sure whether the person is a : 1 ) government/internal security agency provocateur , or 2 ) led to such drastic moves because of exceptionally bad rule by the current government , or 3 ) complete failure of state and internal security agency , because the guy was not detained in right manner , the parliament was n't well enough informed and the press conference was too much of show . 
  laughable . 
  ok , why did n't the wto intervene , then ? 
  that 's an honest question , i want to educate myself on the matter . 
  point of vetos is that no one is forced to implement any law that he does n't want . 
  the uk did n't want to participate in the pact , so be it . 
  it does n't mean the rest of us ca n't , or should n't . 
  we ca n't and wo n't impose eu rules on the uk if it does n't want them -- but we will create a narrower club to maker things our way for us . 
  do n't you think that not getting in and wanting to block others get in is kind of divisive ? 
  i think most pro-eu people recognize this problem . 
  it 's just that their solution is not `` abandon the ship '' , we just want to reform and continue . 
  i 'm in the middle of battlestar galactica followup `` caprica '' , so the title made me chuckle . 
  that sounds fantastic , how come i 've never heard of it ? 
  are there flats uniquely for this purpose ? 
  with avoidance support ? 
  [ what 's ] ( http://acronyms.thefreedictionary.com/mot ) mot ? 
  :( i think i got it : yearly car inspection ? 
  yeah , it is like that if you want . 
  kind of defeat it 's purpose . 
  maybe someday they 'll prosecute the workshop that let a car with broken brakes on the road . 
  imagine how that made me feel :(, 
  i do n't know . 
  i was asking what 's his bias . 
  i do n't think his supposed ignorance of british culture counts as one . 
   however future versions of current day greek protesters will be throwing petrol bombs at eu police and eu offices because the federal eu government has mandated austerity on their country . 
  only if the intergration moves too fast , or unwillingly . 
  i think we should work for it to be smooth , slow , and beneficial for everyone , so that it would gradually convince everyone . 
  so you 're saying , you 're opting out ? 
  pity , but good luck to you , too !, 
   p.s. 
  just do n't let bigos hit the fan . 
  it 'd be horrible mess . 
  it does n't . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  sorry if i was unclear . 
  i 'm europhile myself and i agree . 
  i do n't get what is with these people that they attribute british eu dislike to memories of the empire . 
  this might as well be pretty standard nationalism , and it is also present in countries with no lost empires . 
  i never read british people who were so nostalgic about the british empire that they refused to integrate with the eu .
