  not from biedronka . 
  i swear , they sell some toxic shit . 
  he put all of them in one basket , though . 
  i propose to eliminate physics from our energy generators just as we should eliminate chemicals from our food !, 
  / r/europecirclejerk ? 
  and the trains !, 
  the trains ran soo on time it 's unbelievable !, 
  yes , their kids are the real tragedy . 
  we ca n't take them from their thoroughly demoralized parents . 
  if they stay with their parents , there is slim chance that they ever break the cycle . 
  really sad . 
  but did n't some companies withdraw from the country entirely due to much lesser deposits than anticipated ? 
  well , maybe they made a mistake , but in the media are constantly reporting that the searches take place and no company i know of confirmed they have found a profitable deposit . 
  ^ ^ ^ btw , ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ three ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ us ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ poles , ^ ^ ^ yet ^ ^ ^ each ^ ^ ^ got ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ different ^ ^ ^ flair ... 
  hahaha , yeah , you 're right . 
  and i suppose you never tried to start a business in poland , or any eastern european country , i guess . 
   crushing regulatory burdens hahaha , a tear was shed . 
  thanks for answering my questions . 
  okay , that 's what my second question was for , as i accounted for possibility of such understood internationalism . 
  if nationalities were to be discarded and russian language adopted only because of practicality , was anything done to prevent russian culture 's domination over the others ? 
  like , i do n't know , including other culture 's literature as soviet own , valuing and sponsoring their art , this kind of thing . 
  because it was done for russian culture . 
  if all what this `` melting pot '' policies was , was to discard all national cultures except russian , what differentiates it from your normal cultural genocide ? 
   but it 's not like it 's working very well for you now that 's interesting , an advice to follow russian socioeconomic model . 
  why would anyone on earth want to make his home more like russia ? 
  i do know about russification . 
  i never claimed to be an expert in soviet internal affairs . 
  that 's why i asked these question . 
   just to be brief , that topic is kind of huge - ussr was formed with an idea of internationalism , no boundaries , no nationalities yes , but how were those ideas represented in real life ? 
  could a person traverse all the educational steps in his native language ? 
  were literary classics from non-russian-speaking republics taught nationwide ? 
  were they taught in their respective republics ? 
  how about other types of culture , could non-russian language art be sponsored by the state ? 
  you see , i do n't know answers to these questions . 
  do enlighten me . 
  what were the policies that strenghtened other national identities to be on par with russian nationality ? 
  what were the policies implemented to dismantle russian national identity and implement a `` soviet '' one ? 
  because these `` melting pot ' policies you speak of looks awfully like same , old russification we know all too well . 
  thanks, 
  the first `` c '' is a `` k '' , `` s '' , or a `` tz '' ? 
  how is ` cluj ' pronounced ? 
  ( i ca n't read phonetic alphabet ), 
  i did n't say communist countries are a better choice . 
  and it is n't true that sweden , finland or germany are pure capitalist countries . 
  the capital there is seriously impended by taxation and social security systems . 
  north korea and cuba are dictatorships and certainly not communist . 
  you are making things up to match your agenda . 
  the democracy is n't an opposite to communism - the capitalism is . 
  somalia is perfectly capitalist country , nothing comes in the way of somalian noble enterpreneurs kidnaping tankers . 
  all i 'm saying that capitalism does n't guarantee well-being of a nation , which you seem to believe . 
  it is not so . 
  and your neoliberal excitement is half-adorable and half-pathetic , please stop . 
   nothing to do with capitalism and everything to do with corruption and a bad economy . 
  are n't you blind ... 
  level up !, 
  now talk your 5 friends into thinking that poland is central europe and you 'll get additional 0,5 l. 
  polish winter is ok if it 's cold and if there 's snow . 
  if it 's above 0c , man ... talk about depressing surroundings . 
  mud-snow everywhere , cold and dark ... you could make a swedish criminal drama , it 's that depressing . 
  sure , i 'm not even saying that tusk is effective administrator ( imo , he is , to an extent , but that 's not the point ) , or right person for the job . 
  he 's just great at being politician . 
  he keeps his party in line , he kept the opposition where he needed it . 
  he controlled the coalition partner to do whatever he wanted and pushed his agenda . 
  this guy is a pro . 
  compare his terms with his predecessors . 
  they lost to their own parties and coalitions . 
  they did n't lead their own people , even . 
  they struggled to stay at the office , ousted by accelerated elections , while tusk is probably going to finish his second term . 
  that 's some serious ` politicking ' . 
  as far as international relations go , i 'd say that tusk and sikorski do a marvelous job . 
  since they took office , the country is getting rid of it 's bad reputation ( anyone here a car thief ? 
  anyone up to obstructing negotiation ? 
  ) , becoming more and more influential within the eu . 
  beside ratting out that poor belarussian dissident that one time i ca n't remember our diplomacy fuckup in a while . 
  they catapulted lewandowski and buzek to the highest positions in the eu . 
  for the internal politics , donald tusk is the most efficient polirician post-communist poland had . 
  he 's the first to be reelected , and i think one of the longest presiding party leaders and his party did n't break up ( yet ) . 
  yeah , he 's one of the best . 
  it 's just that he got a underleveled character to play . 
  you 're not gon na beat the boss with polamd . 
  well , you could win a world war and still be fucked . 
  source : i 'm polish . 
  or lose miserably and be well off later on . 
  source : western europe . 
  we 've got `` kwas chlebowy ' and `` podpiwek '' , though . 
  it 's great , i recently rediscovered these drinks and i drink nothing else on hot days . 
  great , non-alcoholic beer replacement . 
   according to some left-wing polish media everyone who goes out with national flag in polish independence day is a blood hungry nazi nationalist really ? 
  which one wrote that ? 
  care to provide a link ? 
  nobody advocates police beating football hooligans . 
  no one . 
  not that anyone is concerned if that happens , no one will also cry if the bald guy breaks some ribs , because , frankly , they are societal disease and living waste . 
  that being said , every proven police beating is taken seriously -- they just ca n't not do this . 
  and these things happen . 
  so no , no `` policeman can beat the crap out of you on sight '' . 
  as for animal treatment , i think it 's far too mild . 
  the hooligans pratically are animals . 
  they only know aggression and vandalism . 
  their favorite pastime is destroying pubilc property and endangering people .
