  agreed . 
  still not liberation . 
  well should we take into account something that happened in the interwar society ? 
  where 's the line ? 
  are you asking to be grateful for 50 years of domination and exploitation ? 
  you 're asking too much . 
  it would ** fantastic ** and best case scenario if the red army stopped at the curzon line . 
  at least we would be occupied for 5 years only , instead of 50 . 
  or was that russian empire that stole them form poland-lithuanian commonwealth ? 
  the last time these lands changed allegiance volunatrily is to join princedom of lithuania , afair . 
  what 's russophobic about it ? 
  and i do n't think it 's about rememberance of the victims , but it is about they way the war is remembered . 
  we remember tanks . 
  why is this victory worth commemorating ( in the street name ) , why is this tank worth a display ? 
  but suddenly , when you face these symbol of artificial `` victory '' with actual facts , things that happened - it 's offensive ? 
  the ww2 was not at all a victory for poland . 
  we lost lives , land and freedom . 
  i 'm ok with showing that it was n't so rosy . 
  except they were n't `` liberating '' but more like `` enslaving in humiliating , totalitarian sociopolitical system '' . 
  oh , and no soveregnity , too . 
  but it 's not what happens here . 
  the `` red army soldier '' is demonised here , not an `` anonymous russian '' , or anything of that matter . 
  soldiers of the red army are the ones who take the blame . 
   so would you agree with a sculpture showing polish soldiers and civilians forcing german civilians out of the homes they had resided in their whole lives in silesia right next to a cemetery for polish war dead . 
  why not ? 
  this is what happened . 
  it 's not wrong to want to bring attention to what happens when a nation `` gibs clay '' , if you pardon a little bit of / r/polandball leaking . 
   yes the russians should admit such atrocities happened and yes there should be memorials for victims of rape i agree . 
  i also think that this is not intended to be one . 
  imo it was made to convey different message . 
  as you said , to confront . 
  it should be a sculpture to tell what it 's author wants to tell . 
  and he told a powerful story . 
  next the `` glorious soviet liberating tank '' he showed a scene of what really happened . 
  it 's graphic , sure . 
  it upsets russians , who think they 're the saviour of europe , and that 's good , because they 're not . 
  i do n't think this piece villifies all soldiers . 
  i think it 's main point is to contrast the lionized tank by showing that `` we won the war '' means actually `` people have suffered and war was horrible '' . 
  i really do n't think we should associate positive meaning with war and the artist captured that idea imo . 
  i love your flair !, 
  art is what you like , and pseudo-art is something you think other people should not like , 
  that 's great . 
  i hope they showcase this sculpture in some modern art gallery . 
  i 'd go to see it , although it would be best looking in the original spot , next to the t34 tank . 
  i 'm really tired of listening to explanation why our football team is getting their ass whipped every time . 
  i do n't accept any of it anymore . 
  they 're ultra shitty players and one of the worst national teams in the world , regardless of their individual performance in their respective clubs . 
  they play bad and they should feel bad . 
  i ca n't even cheer for them on this level of incompetence . 
  nope . 
  we got served . 
  and rightfully , our guys ca n't play this game . 
  aside from one or two players . 
  that 's weird . 
  what do you like about poland ? 
  that 's fascinating . 
  i wonder if this coming generation is the one that will stop associate themselves with sides of ww2 . 
  i know for sure that if the germans suddenly started to act reasonably by which i mean not take collective resposibility for choices of their long deceased gradparents , the right wing in poland would flip out so much i think they 'd shit themselves from horror and joy simultaneously ( ` we were right all along , ze jermans hide their tru inner nazi but inne nazi now is seen ' ) . 
  so poland 's not ready . 
  how about other countries ? 
  i bet the time for that will be when the first blockbuster movie about ww2 `` heroes '' turns a loss . 
  then we will know that the emotions have faded . 
  i would also be happy in a world where i myslef call the shots !, 
  guards !!!, 
  seize him !!, 
  what 's on the last one ? 
  looks like a castle of some sort . 
  it was placed by some art students . 
  it stood next to the t-34 tank monument on a `` victory street '' [ = `` ulica zwyci\u0119stwa '' ] . 
  pretty powerful symbolism if you ask me . 
  the authorities removed it the next day morning . 
  or three shells . 
  also , they use it as a huge-ass weapon platform . 
  they use it as a potential threat to the eu ( `` how about we target london , paris and berlin from our beautiful exclave , konigsberg ? '' ) . 
  they have already told us that warsaw is in range of kaliningrad . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  he might want to spin that into some kind of positive pr , but i do n't think the clergy got past this `` it 's all in the family '' phase . 
  we 're actually switching for beer and whiskey atm . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks it was a liberation . 
  just a change of occupying force . 
  i am , too , dissappointed by lack of real nudity in the photos . 
  they kept their membership initially . 
  but then , solidarno\u015b\u0107 just morphed from universal political movement into socialist conservative party which a lot of people did n't like . 
  there was also a dramatic discord beteen the union 's higher ups , followed by a messy break up . 
  fast forward a few years and trade unions are now used instrumentally as banners by major parties . 
  they never had their trade union credibility , s was just a shell for an uprising . 
  google music all access is like spotify . 
  google music is just a shop , i think ? 
  i do n't really know what does it do . 
  all access is paid , i do n't remember how much , but i think it 's comparable to spotify/deezer etc. 
  all of this comes from this years google i/o conference , as google music is not available in my country , too : / . 
  in this case you android phone app is only a local music files player , with no online capabilities . 
  i do n't think it 's that easy to predit . 
  it 's certainly what the russian government would want everyone to believe . 
  do you think russian government have the balls to sponsor an armed resistance to the eu . 
  do you think that russians in ukraine would not want to join the eu so much that they 'll fight it with weapons ? 
  i thought your comment was based on the misleading title . 
  in fact , he 's voicing a support of further eu integration ... in his own , special way . 
  that 's how we always has been , incoherent and impulsive . 
  at least as long as i can remember .
