  y u so cold so i ca n't immigrate ? 
  yeah me too . 
  after seeing lithuanian youtube comments under a short film about commonwealth i was shocked . 
  i truly believed that the rzeczpospolita was a great achievement of three fine nations , who remember it well . 
  i was wrong . 
  apparently , only poles have warm feeling about it . 
  well , from belarus , you probably meant : `` grodno '' . 
  kowno ( kaunas ) is another lithuanian city , a former capital of the times , when wilno belonged to poland . 
  the rest of this post is entirely true . 
  logic fail . 
  he did n't say what you 're contradicting . 
  this !, 
  watch in hd : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1idhewozfii !!, 
  in fact , that was my secret plan to make you google for my hometown !, 
  ( ilied.bmp ) . 
  ( actually , they were always called `` little peeing demons '' by everyone so i thought they are peeing . 
  i did n't even pay attention . ), 
  they are peeing , believe me . 
  oh , they are . 
  i see your peeing sculpture and i raise you a [ three ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/53854633.jpg ) . 
  hmm , this looks though . 
  do you think it would ok for lithuanians if poland participated in costs of upkeep of the polish schools ? 
  that way , any pole born in wilno could receive polish education which would n't burden lithuanian state -- which is clearly ethnically centered . 
  do you think lithuanians would accept that ? 
  because from polish newspapers perspective it just looks like forced lithuanization of indigenous polish population . 
  now , this perspective may be biased , so i 'm asking your opinion ( as an lithuanian ) to forge my own opinion . 
  also , a question : what is the purpose of taking back minority priviledges ? 
  it is an estabilished consensus in international politics that a nation does not take back any laws it once gave to a minority . 
  why would lithuania take some ? 
  nobody wants that . 
  good catch , but i do n't think so . 
  lotharingia was so long ago , and did n't really have much impact on the area ( well , at least i think not that much ) . 
  but the area lies in a group of most successful european countries , for many years was on the front of technological advancement and attracts a lot of immigration because of it 's development . 
  `` europe : a history '' by norman davies . 
  it 's about all of europe 's history and does n't neglect eastern part of it . 
  yeah , that 's a great response . 
  i never really thought about it this way , but it makes sense . 
  the west seems to sprout from greco-roman way of life and it 's enlightenment and napoleonic code ( and ideas he spread ) that made europe as we know it . 
  also , there was a significant base from medieval european universalism ( a time , when almost all of europe looked pretty much the same ) . 
  this does n't contradict anything i said . 
  in light of this , you can legally listen to a youtube video , or even download it . 
  you still ca n't download a ripped cd album , because it was n't shared with the public with artist 's consent . 
  `` music club '' is perfect analogy for file sharing and it clearly says that it is n't legal . 
  whole another matter is that you probably wo n't face any consequences . 
  but the legal framework for such consequences to be drawn is present . 
  it 's not true . 
  it 's illegal to download copyrighted content in poland . 
  the meme you 're citing is equally ignorant as `` you can download anything and it 's legal , provided that you delete it in 24 hours . '' . 
  it 's not true . 
  the fact is , strict copyright law is not enforced in poland , but it exists . 
  it 's not true . 
  acta is going to be signed by polish delegate in tokio . 
  right now , there is no plan for voting on this issue . 
  lol , you just told me ... that 's how drunk typing ends ... 
  i 'll leave it uncorrected , so your comment wont lose sense . 
  thanks for pointing that out !, 
  of course it could  . 
  press your mep to support european social fund , european regional development fund and other convergence funds  . 
  east germany was and is helped tremendously after reuniting with west germany . 
  it 's a constant money flow that enabled them to revive their economy . 
  it 's happening too in poland , czech rep , slovakia etc , due to european funds -- it lasts for too little time to be noticed on a map like that , but if the funds were not withdrew we will all catch up faster . 
  i do not think that europe is so tied to christianity . 
  being european is something else . 
  it 's knowing what chivalry is . 
  it 's being aware of what catholic church is , and how are it 's ways . 
  it 's knowledge of copernicus , luther , gutenberg , newton , brache , and so many others . 
  it 's new years eve in 31st of december . 
  it 's christmas eve , too , wheter it 's celebrated religiously or not . 
  it 's kant , nietsche and wittigenstein . 
  it 's steampunk and social experiments . 
  it 's believing in scientific method and exploiting it 's results . 
  it 's so precisely decorated opera house 's built around the continent . 
  it 's theatre . 
  to me , being european means being civilized . 
  it does n't mean i consider non-europeans non civilized ( i do n't ) . 
  i just feel an obligation to act in order with rules of my civilzation . 
  which happens to be the greatest that ever existed . 
  do n't you think russian government mafia would try to reconquer `` lost territories '' of baltic countries ? 
  they have significant russian minority ( in some areas , even majority ) . 
  that would be georgia scenario all over again . 
  it 's not happening until lithuania , latvia and estonia are in the eu and nato , though . 
  obviously , it 's even harder to pull off if it 's a part of the federal europe behemoth . 
  i think it 's because they lived through really difficult times : first , their youth was destroyed and wasted by wwii . 
  then , period of nasty stalinism ensued . 
  after that , we had ~ 40 years of regular , sturdy , concrete , communist block socrealism that can crush spirits like a motherfucking bulldozer . 
  and even after all this , these people were crushed under heavy weight of a market economy -- something they have rarely seen . 
  naturally many was lost among all this . 
  today they are grumbling , bitter , overly-religious and always-suspicious people . 
  they expect poland to be fucked up again by foreign powers and only thing that they trust is catholic church ( that was always on their side through all that history ) . 
  i think it 's not salvageable . 
  we just have to wait till this generation passes . 
   there is some friendly chemistry between poles and hungarians , 
  best : 1 . rich and long history of being good people and what 's left of it , 2 . 
  great orchestra of christmas charity ( because today is the finale ) which is a charity event in which 35 mln of people participate every year through 20 years now ( that 's 97 % of the population participating in charity annually ) , 3 . hectares of ancient european forest , untouched by human hand . 
  worst : 1 . people , who are absolutely blinded by our rich and long history of being good people , and forget to be good people in the present , 2 . people who are uber-religious , 3 . old people i wish that foreigners would update their view about poland because there was substantial , hyper-quick civilizational transition through the last 20 years . 
  i mean , old stereotypes were quite fitting , but they 're not now , time to think of some new ones , neighbours  . 
  he is very popular . 
  in the first three of the most trusted politicians in poland right now , along with prime minister and president . 
  he is also an interesting figure -- this guy is well educated , have a lot of connections in america and uk . 
  his wife is anne applebaum , pulitzer-winning `` washington post '' journalist .
