  the factories built there also have special deals that exempt them from paying taxes for n years , they also bully their workers and hire only `` temporary employees '' through third party agencies . 
  pemanent `` temporaries '' do not get social benefits , and could be forced to work 12h shifts . 
  they bring workers from rural areas from all over the voivodeship in buses every morning to perform this almost slave labor . 
  this is what i call `` bad foreign investment '' . 
  i do n't care if such inverstors pack up and go away . 
  naah . 
  we need her cash . 
  though , i think we should try to do exactly enough to attract her money , and take no step further . 
  seeing this kind of pean in forbes , of all papers , means she 's got a lot more than we should have given her . 
  that also match my view that poland 's governance is catering more to foreign capital than to their own citizen . 
  meh , 2 years ago i was all surprised when poland started to attract praise from abroad . 
  that was strange , all my life my country only was given shit , and mostly for good reasons . 
  since then i started to notice the good parts of my country - it 's safe , it 's wealth is small but moderately evenly distributed , we 've managed maintain a big chunk of welfare state , like free ( unpaid ) education and healthcare , despite our poverty . 
  it 's also good to take that praise with a grain of salt - here is venture capitalist happy with poland , because she 's going to get a lot of return from investment in our country . 
  that means that profits made possible by us are going out of this country . 
  we should n't make people like her so happy , we should make ourselves happy . 
  or better yet - let 's make polish official language of england . 
  there are enough polish speakers there for that :d, 
  soo , all you wanted to say is that politics is about getting power . 
  fine job citing your political science textbook . 
  why is this a response to any of my posts ? 
  um , actually i was expecting this type of comment . 
  first of all , `` polish leadership '' in my opinion includes more people than just current government crew . 
  leaders of poland include opposition leaders , various newspapers ' lead journalists , businessmen , lobbyists and other people that are often heard by the public . 
  and about this awareness : [ here ] ( http://wyborcza.biz/biznes/1,100969,16366830,szczurek_odpowiada_pis__po_zwiekszylo_zatrudnienie_.html ) our finance minister talks about it . 
  he does n't seem to believe that we 're in danger of stepping into that trap . 
  nonetheless , he knows what it is , and he knows that some other people jugde poland as susceptible to this kind of trouble . 
  third , being aware of the danger and knowing how to defend agaist it are two different things . 
  i never said polish government acts to avoid this trap . 
  i also never said it does n't as i do n't even know what steps would need to be undertaken to do so . 
  fourth , you seem really upset about the ruling party . 
  is it really worth your emotions ? 
  you nervous receptors wear down , you know . 
  still , you take people prisoner - you better care for them . 
  if they could n't feed them or treat them why did n't they set free the prisoners ? 
  i mean , it 's fucking better than letting them die . 
  treatment of bolshevik soldiers after 1920 war was inhuman and inexcusable . 
  i hope poland apologized for it . 
  same thing about bereza kartuska , where polish government kept and tortured firstly ukrainian nationalists and then just about everyone without trial and without release date . 
  our past is not made of saints , either . 
  especially second republic was kind of a dick country . 
  yeah , the so called `` middle-income trap '' . 
  luckily , poland leadership is aware of this danger . 
  i do n't really know what could be done to avoid the trap , but at least we know of it . 
  ahahaha perfect mashup !, 
  actually , recently people have been talking about * republika mo\u0142dowy * . 
  maybe that 's just a copy from english but i 've heard this version , too . 
  um , if nato refuses to help the baltics , it 's done . 
  all parties will start to look for another options to secure themselves . 
  other multilateral alliances will follow between nato countries and non-nato countries . 
  all bets will be off . 
  i know for sure that my country relies on nato fro security and if it comes to an end , we will try very hard to embed ourselves in another security framework , as wide as possible , just to be sure we can deter and/or counter russia . 
  actually , if nato will not defend the baltics i will go out on the street to demand that my country starts a nuclear program . 
  the trianon . 
  so unrevised . 
   turbofolk i. . . that 's ... the perfect name . 
  ah , good uncle ~ ~ stalin ~ ~ putin , always have time for the little ones , when he 's not shoving ak47 's into wrong hands . 
  + wifi, 
  breaking !, 
  conspiracy !, 
  the germans are turks , too !, 
   embassy in philippines whaaa ... can i apply ? 
  i mean ... why such a post is left unoccupied ? 
  this is kind of embarassing , but in poland romania is pretty unknown and only associated with romanian gypsies who often immigrated here . 
  i 'd be grateful if you would point out my errors . 
  i 'm always happy to learn . 
  this is a complex matter . 
  medival and early modern lithuania was something else than it is today . 
  while it started with the same ethnolinguistic group ( the lithuanians ) it absorbed so much of the ruthenian culture that it became basically a ruthenian state . 
  with time , almost all of the ruling class of this state became ruthenian or polish , while the lithuanian people remained in the northern part of this state ( where today 's lithuania is ) . 
  now , lithuanians had a national revival around interwar period and they started to perceive domination of polish culture as a threat to their own . 
  when poles fought them over wilno city - current capital of lithuania - that 's when the relations went sour for real . 
  on the other hand , the ruthenians are believed to be descendants of the people we once had a union with . 
  and guess where they are now ? 
  they 're belarussians and ukrainians . 
  poles support ukrainians most of all europe ( i think ) , and whenever belarussians decide to align themlseves with the west , they can count on similar support . 
  from what i 've found it 's about equal when it comes to deposits , and slightly more bituminous coal is being mined than lignite . 
  i never knew poland mines so much lignite , to be honest , everyone was just talking about bituminous coal in my hometown . 
  we 've got massive deposits of coal in upper silesia region , along with mines , coal plants and all the infrastructure . 
  even as our mining industry falls apart we still rely on coal to produce energy . 
  i know some hungarian also !!!, 
  poland also expanded it 's storage capabilities recently . 
  iirc we 've got one of the biggest gas tanks that could store enough gas for 6 months . 
  i do n't know if they 're full already , but there 's that , too . 
   swylywlsylywlysic \u015awinouj\u015bcie , close enough :d, 
  this is your brain on catholicism . 
  i used to think that komorowski is just another shill . 
  but now , despite his lack of tack and inferior ortography , he seems to me like a respectable fellow . 
  it was a pretty succesful ad campaign by poland . 
  the ads were placed in many highly regarded politcal and economical newspapers . 
  they showed a concerned boy and text : `` what will you say , when your child asks you why did n't you invest in eastern poland ? '', 
  it stuck , the image and the text bordering absurdity spawned a lot of jokes . 
  the stork brings it . 
  well , after mr. motorola delivers we 're going to have some things to study , 
  i do n't know , i ca n't be bothered to check , but it 's very likely . 
  they 're still aligned pro-russia , but do assert their `` independence '' in some cases . 
  well ... recently they 're trying to maintain healthy distance . 
  or to appear to do so . 
  belarussian officials were present on the official kiev government celebration , lukashenka condemns donbas separatists etc. 
  at the same time , they 're firmly in the customs union , but also reexporting shit to russia after an embargo .
