  i assure you , i am . 
  yes , and also some more dangerous ideas -- he actually wrote in his party program that he 's gon na ** delegalize ** law and justice ( pis ) . 
  while this seems unlikely , it surely is a bad sign . 
  also , he does n't have much background , and little is known of his motivation . 
  couple of years ago , he was running `` ozon '' magazine , that was clearly targeted at young pis supporters -- opposing abortion , mildly supporting church and `` traditional values '' , giving these issues `` a modern face '' . 
  he is one , great mystery . 
  we 'll see how this develops . 
  and i forgot to mention , that this guy has split off civic platform , after it 's chief , donald tusk , became tired of palikot 's scandals . 
  then he proceeded to form his own party . 
  civic platform is central-liberal party in poland , one of the few , if not the first that ruled full term . 
  their accomplishments are ongoing highway building-frenzy , effective use of eu funds , not buying swine flu vaccines , maintaining gdp growth entire time during financial crisis and not bailing out banks ( i do n't think polish banks even needed that ) . 
  second is law and justice ( pis ) , nationalist/socialist party with catholic overtones . 
  their rule , lasting for 2 years , ending 4 years ago accomplished reduced bureaucracy growth and tight control of the budget policy . 
  they also paved a road for effective use of eu funds . 
  they remain biggest polish opposing party . 
  third place is a surprise . 
  rpp ( palikot 's support movement ) is almost one man founded party . 
  janusz palikot is polish businessman and politician . 
  his party program is very liberal , focused on reducing bureaucracy and making entrepreneur 's life easier . 
  he is also aggresively anti-religious and focused on modernization . 
  he became known because of his scandalous press conferences , where he was presenting dildo to the crowd , and other time , a pig head . 
  i hope that this tells you something , if you want to learn anything about contemporary polish political scene . 
  ohh , i get it . 
  so it seems that polish word got exported to english . 
  nice . 
   edit : also , i fucking love kielbasa !, 
  also , post office and train companies . 
  also , backwardness . 
  only 60 % of people in . pl can actually use the internet . 
  is that a modern society ? 
  how is that comparable to american heavily online society or australian mostly atheist society ? 
  i do n't want to deal with religious , pre-information era people my whole life . 
  it 's incredibly tiring . 
  you 're talking about jews here :d poles has suffered for at most 300 years , beginning from 1700s , and for the furst 100 years only because they ruled themselves into this . 
  the rest is foreign interventions . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i thought that this thing was designed to let you into schengen zone on the normal rights . 
  at least that 's what they said on polish media . 
  it seems that plan failed and status quo continues . 
  i may be wrong , though , i have n't checked my facts , really . 
  i am the typical `` post-1989 generation '' pole  . 
  i drink beer and whisky and no vodka whatsoever , say `` kurwa '' even more often than this guy , live in a fairly big city , work programming job and go clubbing every now and then . 
  i am currently in progress of entirely losing my interest in politics , i have plans to emigrate to australia . 
  i think a lot of youngsters are that way . 
  conservatives of solidarity generation are pushing us out from this country as they are too hung up on their conservatism and ideological warfare to fucking modernize . 
  you have kielbasa too in bulgaria ? 
  cool . 
  is it your traditional kielbasa , or is it imported ? 
  because i even saw kielbasa in usa and uk store and i 'm pretty sure they import that from poland ( or make it the polish way ) . 
  i do n't think visa will be necessary . 
  you would be searched on your own border , though . 
  i am not particularly against romania and bulgaria joining schengen zone ( hell , a lot of people said the same things when poland was accessing it ) , but electing an anti-corruption party may help . 
  if it not helps with corruption itself , it will surely influence european politicians , and so it may hasten the process of you joining the schengen zone . 
  that 's just my idea . 
  how is this even possible for this man to be elected ? 
  i mean , there 's only so much shit you can hear about a politician and do n't care . 
  this guy has lost his entire credibility years ago . 
  and i only know about him from all the scandals he 's involved in . 
  wtf italy ? 
  i know the guy controls media , but really ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  why all other european countries wo n't accept germany 's economic model ? 
  it 's clearly the best . 
  i 'm from poland and i say : you all fucking do what germans tell you to do with your fiscal policy . 
  they have it all figured out . 
  and do it before they go mad and tear this beautiful union to shreds by not fucking paying : greek bureaucrats , french farmers , polish road builders and italian guidos . 
  yeah , achievement unlocked , piigs . 
  now instead of building world superpower in place of usa , and prolonging western civilization 's reign of the world , we 're going back to quarreling nation states . 
  go bow to your future chinese overlords . 
  you 've got a slovakian flag , you know better , neighbour . 
  a lot of people in europe consider poles thieves ... 
  although it 's not quite true assumption now , i think it was kind of justified some time in the past . 
  upvote for you . 
  perfect response , now my rant looks kind of stupid . 
  comes from an american , who , because of his nations military strength and high gdp can travel around the world without visa . 
  you know what ? 
  i could n't travel to us and compare it to europe , because my country is a poor shithole and the us does n't allow people from shitholes through it 's borders . 
  as a citizen of federal europe , the us goverment ( or any institution of the world ) would have no opportunity to differentiate between me and any birt/german/french , which i consider awesome . 
  also , no one said anything about unifying law across europe . 
  actually , that 's what wrong with todays eu -- too much stupid , centralized , economic law . 
  every country should be able to set it 's own law , like today . 
  but things like military , currency , foreign policies should be controlled paneuropeanly . 
  if you lived in spain , you should know , that there are differences of the same magnitude between spaniards themselves . 
  an englishmen gets spaniard as well as basqe person does , or catalonian . 
  well , maybe slightly less , because these two nationalities live nearby for ages , but mechanism is the same . 
  and the state says it 's perfectly capable of maintaining these ethnic groups in itself . 
  no one argues . 
  it 's the same in the uk with scots , welsh , irish and english , but easier , because they speak the same language now . 
  it is like that in many countries , including my home country , poland , where we have significant minorities of silesian people with their language ( this group gained their national consciousness fairly recently , but there are people , who speak only in silesian ... hardly understandable by any pole ) , kashubs and so on . 
  i ca n't see a reason why such minor cultural differences would n't work well at a higher tier of eu and nations , instead of a one state and `` minorities '' . 
  why i 'm in favor of a federation ? 
  it is simple . 
  i come from a country that benefits from the eu . 
  we get our infrastructure built for eu cash and make use of convergence policy . 
  i think it 's great as it is direct money pump into our economy . 
  but that is just a case for newer eu member , probably a german or a brit is kind of less amazed by that . 
  but they get new markets for their companies . 
  vast markets , where western european companies outcompete everyone else in terms of quality and price . 
  it 's instant money making . 
  and convergence is the price you pay for your high salary jobs in multinational companies of germany , france and the uk .
