  i find similarities between european nations enormous and differences insignificant . 
  i think that , if done right , the european federation might achieve a lot of things for us : long period of peace , economical growth , help in the times of need , sizable workforce and political mass big enough to project our interests everywhere in the world . 
  this is fantastic opportunity for the people who live in europe and i buy it . 
  i 'm choosing this over arguing with you about wilno 's population in the 1920s , \u017beligowski mutiny and supposed persecution of poles in lithuania today . 
  i 'm choosing europe every time . 
  sneaky british . 
  they got their own little union and choose to spoil the fun for the rest of us . 
  go play with the others uk . 
  god , why are you always so selfish nah , i 'm joking :d, 
  yep , at least poland had . 
  won by 77 % with 57 % attendance . 
  pushing more integration will mobilize more opposition . 
  if they 're going to do it , better do it with small steps . 
  when people realize , that federal europe is not a danger , they will be more accepting . 
  also , if it turns out to be a bad idea , it could be easily reversed . 
  you 've got a really big and heavy coins . 
  50k\u010d coin is absolutely monstrous  i still have got some in my drawer from my visit to prague and various ski resorts . 
  in that case i have misunderstood you . 
  i agree completely . 
  have an upvote !, 
  it 's not like they were naive to accept this offer . 
  they were obliged to do so , by polish law . 
  contrary to what you say , public works need to follow a very strict procedure , and the winner is not simply chosen by a bureaucrat . 
  the chinese company just scored the highest , because they offered the lowest price , and the law is constructed to favor such offers . 
  this was implemented to avoid corruption , because often the politician companies were winning the contract despite offering unrealistically high prices . 
  it 's not that simple as you seem to think . 
  lowering this law will allow corrupt politicians to rig the government contracts once again -- this was rampant during the 90s and is an order of magnitude rarer now -- and leaving it like that renders us vulnerable to such chinese companies . 
  i am not a fan of any football team , and i lived in some of the wroc\u0142aw 's worst districts for 5 years now . 
  i have never been attacked or harassed by football hooligans . 
  although , my drunk friend had brilliant idea , once , to shout something about home team to the hooligans . 
  well , he had to run . 
  fortunately , they got bored quickly , and he managed to get to a cab . 
  apparently , he puked when got home , because we were just visiting mcdonald 's a while earlier  . 
  so , if you stay peaceful , you should be fine . 
  if you think you can tease bald , murderous looking guys , be prepared for confrontation . 
  ciechan ( chee-han ) is the best in terms of availability/quality . 
  if you like it sweet , go with miodowe ( mead/honey beer ) , or pszeniczne ( wheat ) . 
  most of the groceries only have your standard tyskie / \u017bywiec / lech beers . 
  they are as standard as can be , and i would n't recommend them , if you 're really into beers . 
  brands worth checking out : ciechan , ko\u017alak , \u017bywe , \u0141om\u017ca . 
  thanks , i have already read that resource . 
  i 'm a java programmer that recently took up android development , so i do n't think i 'm going to have problems with getting in . 
  i 'm young and i speak english reasonably well . 
  i have also seen a lot of visa sponsorship offers for android developers from australian companies . 
  you may be right . 
  still , i do n't want to waste my prime time in life on this hole of a country . 
  that 's why i 'm leaving to australia when i save enough money . 
  i bet a lot of young people my age feel the same way . 
  sure , poland is getting better . 
  it 's still a long road until this country becomes suitable for living in it . 
  my personal opinion is , that we need to wait for everyone , who was in the workforce in the 80s and earlier to retire . 
  these people are mostly tainted . 
  cabbage and sausage  . 
  and pwnage . 
  you 're high as fuck , so you 're probably correct . 
  you , sir , have found a solution to the financial crisis . 
  this is how we get out of debt . 
  and if they really are `` stealing history '' , whatever the fuck does that mean , what fucking difference does it make ? 
  there are actual macedonian people lives at stake here , and you 're coming up with some bullshit argument about `` stealing history '' . 
  get over your fantasies . 
  even if they start calling themselves `` proper greeks '' that does n't fucking change anything in your life . 
  i 'm sick of you greeks . 
  you 're in a fucking hole and how do you react ? 
  `` hurr stop insulting our country durr austerity bad hurr athens first democracy durr '' . 
  wtf . 
  the germans are tossing their own money at you and you 're burning german flags . 
  and the election . 
  when the europe finally decided to get you out of that hole you put yourself in , you elect some bastard that just going to cut all the reform and ... 
  i do n't know , keep leeching from the germans , i guess ? 
  macedonia case , too . 
  you 're blocking legitimate country 's ambition to join the eu and nato , to be safe and prosperous , just because your tiny insecure cock . 
  fuck you , greece . 
  fuck you . 
  you 're having the worst pr possible . 
  as far as i know , polish law is quite serious about that . 
  if you 're not facing death , no abortion for you . 
  the public is sceptical about abortions . 
  there was this case , discussed for several weeks , where a woman 's sight was endangered by the pregnancy . 
  the woman decided to have an abortion but was refused . 
  [ info ] ( http://www.astra.org.pl/?alicja-tysiac-against-the-polish-government-in-the-european-court-of-human-rights,61 ), 
  only if you 're a slim , young girl who 's into nerds . 
  if you are , where to deliver but seriously , you can at [ pizzaportal ] ( http://pizzaportal.pl ) and [ pyszne ] ( http://pyszne.pl ) . 
  catch : there has to be a restaurant that offers bigos for delivery in your area  . 
  yup , his ideas sound cool , but all he does is talking . 
  although , it is now possible to do your tax declaration online . 
  yay . 
  well , i think that they might think of something like that . 
  the difference is , i think , the strength of national identity . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i was always under the impression , that the earlier americans we 're talking about , the more it is likely that they 're tied to their old world nationality . 
  so maybe , to them , making federal government just felt like sort of remixing whatever strictly pragmatic government type they had at the moment . 
  still , this is just a wild guess , trying to present plausible explanation . 
   also , what gives you the idea that the usa is highly decentralised ? 
  because it is ? 
  where are you from ? 
  ( i 'm guessing usa for your generous use of the word `` racism '' ) . 
  i mean , taxes and laws . 
  the fact that one state can have totally different law than another is just enough to call the usa `` highly decentralised '' . 
  particular states set their own drug policy , it extends even to that . 
  however many federal regulations there are , i doubt that it comes even close to you standard unitary state . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , please .
