( it may happen that some holiday will be absorbed into a particular culture , but it 's a long process , and i do n't see it happening in case of halloween in poland ) is n't this kind of a circular logic ? 
  you do n't see it happening , but when you see people absorbing this holiday you say they should n't , because it \\ s not absorbed . 
  sooo ... how would a holiday begin to be absorbed in a culture by your standard ? 
  you have mentioned no fact in this post . 
  these are only opinions . 
  you seem to be confusing those two things for long time now . 
  haha , so ... you say russia can not invade territories that belonged to her in the past , because it 's , like , already hers anyway ? 
  yeah , that is exactly why russia gets shit on this subreddit . 
  just some small towns/rural areas around wroc\u0142aw . 
  the copper belt . 
  ... high tatar population ? 
  `` in poland , the 2011 census showed 1,916 people declaring tatar ethnicity '' . 
  there is no significant amount of tatars in poland anymore . 
  oh come on , it 's entirely possible ( and widely practised ) to talk to czechs and slovakians in loud polish and they usually understand . 
  in return you basically extrapolate from the one word of their response that you understood . 
  voila , you do n't need to learn czechoslovakian !, 
   well , i 'd love to see that too . 
  maybe polish fans could reply with the a banner with the 3rd reich coat of arms saying `` auschwitz , treblinka , planned destruction of warsaw - we took our compensation '' jesus . 
  that would be wonderful , would n't it ? 
  will you people ever die out ? 
   this is going to be the very first democratic election in ukraine . 
  umm , really ? 
  do we have any evidence that every previous elections were rigged ? 
  if anyone feels a sudden urge to survive in the finnish forest on his own , may i recommend doing this from inside one 's bedroom : [ unreal world ] ( http://www.unrealworld.fi/ ) is a survival roguelike game taking place in iron-age finland . 
  you start with only a knife and your clothes in the middle of the forest and need to survive - hunt or gather food , build shelter , provide warm clothing for winter , etc. 
  eventually you can build your own cabin and burn out fields and grow crops . 
   and this is the thanks we get ?? 
  no , of course not !, 
  the thanks you get is opening a market of 40 million people to sell your things in !, 
  also , you can wallow in tonnes of cheap labor while paying one of the lowest rate of income tax in the eu . 
  i 'm going to get ahead and assume that your country 's companies like the profit they 're making . 
  speak for yourself , i stole his car . 
  does n't matter . 
  they have to accept it . 
  it 's in the contract . 
  edit : ** i 'm altering the contract . 
  pray that i do n't alter it any further **, 
  thread type : pun thread thread status : failed, 
  denmark and uk have negotiated formal opt-outs from the eurozone . 
  sweden , hungary and czech republic pull the same shenanings as poland to stay out . 
  which ones ? 
   by building up debt you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  no citation , it 's just my opinion coming from general `` feel '' in the country and the fact that we we 're on path to fulfilling the criteria but we turned back - and i ca n't think of any other reason . 
  well , what if the euro could be devalued as well ? 
  if we got unified fiscal policy within the eu , then we could do that . 
  that 's my personal joining condition anyway . 
  if we got that , i see no reason not to accept the euro . 
  and we could definitely push for some jagiellonian guys on a bill - those fucks were king of half of europe , so there would be some support :d, 
  never ? 
  even if euro price got pegged to z\u0142oty and went into control of rada polityki pieni\u0119\u017cnej ? 
  the criteria are being deliberately not met by polish finance ministers in order ( imo ) to cut the discussion like `` why poland meets the crits but wo n't join '' . 
  several times , when we slipped into fulfilling erm2 criteria our monetary policy council did everything they could so that we would n't qualify next quarter  . 
  well , to convince me to support the idea of ditching z\u0142oty and joining euro we need totake care of one thing : right now , countries in better economic condition benefit from euro ( germany ) , because their products are cheaper ( their prices being brought down by lower performing economies in the currency union ) , while countries that are already worse off can not compete . 
  i do not want price of my currency to affect what can i sell . 
  when eurozone implements unified monetary policy ( may i suggest a montary policy council that 's doing pretty swell job in poland ) and ** significantly ** devalues ^ ( edit : oops , sorry i meant `` devalues '' not `` deflates '' ) the euro , i would support the idea of my country joining the euro . 
  i doubt that will happen , though , that would hurt germany very much . 
  also , i do n't even know if it 's the right thing to do - maybe it would bring another sort of problems . 
  but still , until it 's done , joining the euro is suicide for poland . 
  um , how far is that from the main city square ? 
  ( i 'm guessing there is something like that in bucharest ) it looks like not that far away , 1-2km maybe ? 
  and whose idea was it anyway that i ca n't measure distance on google maps easily : / . 
  well , wearing any kind of soviet symbols in public is an invitation to a confrontation . 
  i like our constitution . 
  well , apart from some passages that are unnecesary , it 's kind of nice piece of law . 
  bereza kartuska was an inhuman torture camp . 
  just read some testimonies . 
  not even prisoners ' , visiting polish officials have written down enough evidence to be sure of that . 
  this camp is a disgrace of polish statehood , we really should acknowledge that and never set something like that up again . 
  this shit was way worse than communist internment camps or anything polish i 've ever come across in the entire history i 've learned . 
  i 'm not !, 
  may i visit ? 
  well , you might be right . 
  `` unified eu armed forces '' is an idea that i like and would like to see happen , but it might not be the one most likely to materialize . 
  and that 's exactly why poland relies on nato for security and works more closely with nato 's main power - the usa . 
  um , which base ? 
  the `` spearhead '' base ? 
  yes , that 's a recent commitment . 
  as for missile defense base , poland tries to build it by itself . 
  poland prefers american weapons , because americans are actually responding to danger , while europe prefers to sign hot deals with russia ( while hurting poland btw , like with nordstream ) . 
  well , it 's more complicated than that as the us also seemed to believe in `` reset '' with russia and scrapped missile defense deal because of that , but at the same time the europeans were already refusing to see russia as a threat , so there was no room for maneuver . 
  now , it seems the western optics is a bit better . 
  i do n't know my government official stance , but i 'd be surprised if poland was not all for creating unified european armed force , even if it has to operate in theaters that does n't concern us , like africa . 
  if europe constitutes a viable alternative to 100 % dependence on nato for security ( so --  americans ) , then i 'm sure my country would chip in . 
  we 're already part of quite a number of eu 's battlergoups . 
  um , i do n't think the chinese were ever counquered by huns ... you may be confusing them for mongols . 
  * `` in this moment i am euphoric '', 
  i 'd say pi\u0142sudski crew after may coup . 
  so called `` sanacja '' . 
  terrible administration that : 1 . was unable to diplomatically avoid war on two fronts at the same time 2 . was unable to prevent sizable enemy buildup all around poland . 
  they let czechoslovakia fall and even participated in this partition . 
  3 . was unable to build defenses that would protect the country in the event of war . 
  4 . seized power by force 5 . had very little popular support and eventually reverted to torturing it 's own citizen at bereza kartuska just to remain in power i ca n't think of any worse politician than guys who ran poland in 1930s . 
  incompetent band of fools who brought half a century of suffering on their people . 
  it is good . 
  that 's what i said . 
  but you need to be careful not to get over your head when trying to attract this capital . 
  this foreign investment has to be actually worth it . 
  like , a lot of european supermarket chains were offered gigantic tax cuts when entering poland in mid 90 's and not only did n't they pay any taxes , but also destroyed job market for unqualified workers , as they paid lowest wages possible and killed of native competition because they didnt pay any taxes . 
  also , `` special economic zones '' that exist solely to attract people like that lady in the article . 
  they are there to bring in `` the industry '' .
