  why would n't i be concerned with yet another of his bold actions ? 
  why should i expect that this time his move will be beneficial to poland ? 
  what times ? 
  i know him from destroying polish military intelligence and raising a lot of instability with his `` agent '' lists that all proved to be false . 
  ca n't really rule out the possibility that he 's inspired from abroad . 
  really ? 
  she was just asking questions . 
  it 's glinski who got all pumped and started callimg her show ' a propaganda show ' . 
  it was a direct response for her trying to make him answer some questions instead of just making uniterrupted statements . 
  wtf ? 
  no , he 's right . 
  honour is a set of simple rules that honourable people need to adhere to or they 'll ` lose their honour ' . 
  since it tells them what to do - it 's a morality , since it 's simple - it 's good for dum people . 
  honour is a good morality for dumb people . 
  pis can hardly be considered pro-russian . 
  i mean , whole political landscape in poland is * at least * distrustful towards russia and pis is least trustful of them all . 
  altough i can see the similarities in how putin and kaczy\u0144ski want to steer internal affairs in their respective countries . 
  both are interested in maintaing `` order '' using special services and the army , and both leave economy to neoliberal `` experts '' , because they do n't care about people , they care about their idea of a nation and maybe nation state , too . 
  i guess reason for pis win was a emotional one . 
  po ruled for 8 years , their ideals are long gone , they became the very definition of estabilishment and for every disappointed they 're the target and the cause of his troubles . 
  it 's also because donald tusk was very autocratic ruler of that party , back when he was still involved in polish politics . 
  he purged the party of all of the opposition to him , eradicating most of the characteristic personalities in the process . 
  there were n't many charismatic people to fight for po support this election . 
   so you basically want to no . 
  there 's nothing like that in what he wrote , and nothing like that in razem 's agenda . 
  also , poland is certainly the most powerful state in the area encompassed by borders of what is today poland , 
  that 's the best system , though . 
  why would i want to burn shit in my yard just to take a hot bath ? 
  it 's expensive and it smells . 
  i much prefer the centralized system . 
  it 's quite similar , really . 
  look it up , we have it as bad as krak\u00f3w . 
  that is untrue . 
  registering own business takes one day , and can be done completely online , too . 
  source : i did it like that 3 years ago . 
  it 's more like general slavic . 
  polish words for warrior and leader evolved , but their root in `` voivodeship '' remained unchanged . 
  this word in poland dates back to 11th century afair , and this was a time when all slavic languages were mutually understandable . 
  yes , way fewer than before opening the borders , but yeah , we still have working class in poland . 
  tell me what i did , please, 
  it will never be serious , in his mind . 
  even when all the leftists will be long gone , and only people in the death camps will be ones who are not nationalistic enough - it wo n't be serious then either . 
  it will just be a misunderstanding , and blown out of proportion , at that . 
   free farmers nope, 
  it 's about contraception , the lack of access to it and lack of sex education . 
  older girls already know about it , are determined enough to visit gynecologist and have money to buy it . 
  younger often do n't . 
  wow , they certainly are animals . 
  how is football even legal if it attracts such degenerate scum , i wonder . 
  oh well , maybe it 's better if they 're all in one place . 
  that struck me too . 
  i always thought belgians are u.k. friendlies, 
  yea , i got nothing on that, 
  i guess you do n't want to deal with raising children if your job is unstable and you 're not making enough cash . 
  you can actually invade pretty similar island in arma3 !, 
  a military simulation video game . 
  how 's weather in kansas , texas , yankee ? 
  xd turkey may or may not be considered a european country but the city of istanbul is and always on the european side of the bosphorus . 
  true , this is where he 's coming from . 
  i 'm not sure whether he 's committed to any ideals right now . 
  it 's weird . 
  i feel it 's first time such high-level election mostly matters for polish national politics only . 
  tusk is your standard , stock politician . 
  he 's radical normcore . 
  current polish government is cray-cray 19th century conservatives . 
  they wanted tusk out . 
  the rest of eu wanted him in . 
  kind of a flop of polish foreign policy - not only did they abandon their countrymen in a bid like that , but also lost while everyone else voted for him . 
  what does that mean for the eu ? 
  no clue , it 's the same post that van rompuy was in - no idea what does he do . 
  fancy lunches with wealthy people , probably . 
  / b / was never normal ... wait , wrong thread, 
   '' \u015b '' is sound of piss leaving urethra wat one of us should go see a doctor , probably . 
  are you kidding me , i know these streets !, 
  when i was visiting bcn my hotel was on carrer de pallars :p . the neighbourhood was n't all that glamorous , but i liked it anyway . 
  and everything was in range , the shops , the bars , the metro . 
  i love barcelona , i hope to come back there . 
  i sure hope you 're right . 
  what does it have to do with anything ? 
  of course it was an arbitrary line . 
  it still is , so what ? 
  do you claim that because the iron curtain fell the fate of poles and estonians now matters as much as fates of usa citizens in the mind of nato decision makers ? 
  seems pretty easy : matter : english speaking world , western side of the iron curtain does n't matter : the rest, 
  it very well might . 
  but the opposition had blocked and the secret voting with only pis mps occured . 
  and on the budget , of all things . 
  nobody knows . 
  for now the people are gathering . 
  it might be huge or it might be nothing . 
  to be honest , the parliament voting on the budget behind closed doors with only one party present is very worrying to me . 
  seems like a major breach of democracy . 
  oh , so the representative of generations of non-working class is denying food to the hungry ? 
  not surprised at all !, 
  i simplified , but the head of the court will have the right to fire all judges in said court for 6 months after he starts his job . 
  so it effect , the minister will be able to replace individual judges , too , just with a proxy director . 
  it 's not over yet . 
  the third bill , that gives the minister of justice right to replace any judge he wants is still going to be signed by the president . 
  if our courts are to be independent , this bill needs to go away . 
  but that makes no sense . 
  on this page it says he 's a legendary figure .
