  in the communist era he left to fight against soviet union in afghanistan , just because he hates communism . 
  he was also a candidate for a nato secretary ( afair ) , or something like that . 
  if you are interested in european politics , you should keep an eye on this guy . 
  he 's probably going places . 
  this is interesting approach . 
  i 'd like to read some more about that parallel . 
  do you know any sources ? 
  thanks for the advice , i really made this mistake all my life . 
  `` portuguese '' from now on . 
  i agree about the protection from unemployment . 
  this is one of the cases . 
  about the `` piigs '' -- i 'm not advocating its usage . 
  i 'm just saying that it is a shorter way of saying `` those european countries that have got fiscal problems '' . 
  and it means just that . 
  anyone who acts condescending towards people of these countries because of this is a moron . 
  every thinking person in europe knows that working peoples of piigs countries did n't decide for them to be like that , nor in any way consciously agreed to this terms , in which their countries suffer now . 
  i 'm using the piigs acronym , because it sounds better than sigip and also goes with a story , that you dislike : `` countries that take advantage of the eu are unfair pigs '' . 
  this is just a story and no one takes it seriously . 
  about that `` soviet '' thing ... 
  i 'm not really concerned , you see . 
  all post-communist countries came this really long way since then , that saying thing like that is just going to make you feel stupid . 
  no one ( if anyone ) is even going to get offended by that , it 's just too absurd . 
  we 're in the eu together . 
  i respect that . 
  i respect every nation of the piigs states too . 
  and every person in these nations . 
  i just wish that people could accept that their priviledges are not viable and are to be taken from then . 
  umm , piigs is just a convenient acronym . 
  it does n't mean that we think you 're a pig . 
  get over this thing . 
  this is just a label . 
  about lazy -- there are employee productivity charts , you know . 
  i do n't know how portugese score , but italians and greeks -- well , the charts say they 're lazier than germans . 
  so there you have it . 
  this guy is legit . 
  i can confirm this , i am the internet . 
  i am constantly being amazed by how long and evil can german words get !, 
  in this sense this is a great idea . 
  but it requires that all of the symbols are , in fact , hieroglyphs . 
  that makes it a lot harder to learn and difficult to extend . 
  if i coin a new term with my friends and want to propagate it as meme over the internet , how would i caption it in a picture of a cute cat so every other chinese understands it ? 
  phonetical alphabet is the shit , believe me . 
  it comes at a price of having multiple national written languages ( instead of just one ) but it 's better . 
  also , english and french ( especially the french , ugh ) fucked the idea of phonetical alphabet royally . 
  you need a fucking another alphabet to be able to pronounce these things . 
  these languages are now nonsense , they are even more inconvenient than chinese . 
  sorry about my rant , this is just a thing that i ca n't understand . 
  french had a fucking amazing basis of latin written language and manages to turn it into this fucking indecipherable mess it is today . 
  what a loss . 
  we did . 
  western world is all latin alphabet and this is what chinese could learn from us ( i mean , symbols representing words ? 
  come on , it 's 21th century ! ) . 
  greece is culturally part of the orthodox civilization , which is dying slowly since the fall of constantinopole and they have they own , highly traditional alphabet . 
  so yeah , we did , but they did n't . 
  we 're still europeans , though . 
  i do n't think you remember how competitive it 's been before the eu . 
  arms race ? 
  you betcha . 
  cold war ? 
  of course . 
  wars of supremacy ? 
  three hurrays . 
  bailing out other countries with minor unrest ? 
  fuck no . 
  thats why i chose this one over anything else that appears when you type `` prague '' into youtube , 
  this will give you a pretty good hint : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zcsahoe4eg i 've never been to usa , but i think you 'll never find a prague , a paris , a budapest or a cracow in there . 
  that 's what us is lacking , imo . 
  from what i saw in movies , closest thing to these cities in the us is san francisco , but it 's still not that level of magic . 
  but maybe you could prove me wrong  . 
  i 'm always happy to learn . 
  which us city is of the type of prague ? 
  why do n't you start with crusader kings in 1066 , then export your savegame to eu3 at 1399 and then to victoria in 1836 , and then to hearts of iron 3 to end your history in 1949 ( i tihnk ) ? 
  paradox grand strategy games are a fucking riot if you like history . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  thanks !, 
  are those charges realistic ? 
  i mean , who knows , maybe she really did conspire with russians to get herself some juice . 
  that is not uncommon in eastern europe , even for the pro-western politicians . 
  but seven years ... is she going to prison , or this ... `` parole '' ( i do n't know the right word ) ? 
  if she 's going to jail over it , it 's more probable that this is simply poliitcal trial . 
  but , if she retains her freedom , she might still act politically . 
  sure . 
  mr. palikot was one of their representatives . 
  he left , disappointed with po 's policies . 
  there are others , though , including po 's outstanding leader , donald tusk . 
  however the liberal wing is hidden , not exposed to the general public in order to gain conservative votes . 
  tusk is now showing himself as more of a centrist leader , in my opinion not to scare traditionalist poles . 
  he 's kind of good at it . 
  despite their conservative/traditionalist/pro-religious rhetoric they were not trying to enforce their views on society . 
  well , not in the gay case , at least . 
  they do not show outright support for the church . 
  on the other hand , they delegalized designer drugs ( so called `` dopalacze '' ) , because of their unknown ingredients and possible health danger . 
  tusk also publicly spoke against the decriminalization of marijuana . 
  not in the mainstream . 
  rpp is considered pretty hardcore in poland . 
  i do n't think that there is place for more social liberal party . 
  the public is just too conservative . 
  my opinions exactly . 
  i did n't want to express them in that summary i wrote , but i 'm glad that rpp scored so high ( i was afraid they would n't qualify at all , despite polls ) and i 'm glad that po continues to rule . 
  i think it 'd be cool if they formed a coalition , but that seems unlikely .
