  most people only rent because they ca n't afford to buy . 
  still , i did n't even know this is the case until you poined it out . 
  thanks for bringing it to my attention . 
  it 's good to know . 
  interesting . 
  i only found that 5 % of vice media is owned by murdoch 's company . 
  while it clearly shows links , it 's not like they 're `` murdoch owned '' . 
  but maybe i 'm wrong , do you have anything more on that ? 
  you might want to check out the [ vice magazine ] ( http://www.vice.com/pl ) . 
  it has polish version , too . 
  it 's a great , modern lifestyle magazine , and there 's associated service [ vice news ] ( https://news.vice.com/ ) that deals with news . 
  they also collaborate with hbo with their reportage series . 
  on the last episode they sent their skinny hipster journalist to north korea to drink vodka with kim jong un , and they succeeded . 
  even if sensationalist , and not exactly always objective , this is the best media i have found yet . 
  they have massive balls . 
  jajajajajaja xd that 's a dead give away , as only iberians/latinos use `` j '' instead of `` h '' , 
  also , stingy . 
  what 's so stupid about it ? 
  i 'm honestly interested . 
  i get that it 's old and probably in shitty state , but how one would go about designing a train line between krak\u00f3w and zakopane wrong ? 
  just draw a straight line , compensate for the mountains and it 's ready to go !, 
  what went wrong ? 
  that 's something you do before , so they do n't have enough money/influence to start wars . 
  if you ca n't pay your soldiers , they wo n't listen . 
  if they ca n't afford to refuel their jets , they wo n't attack . 
   and it would be harming millions of ordinary russians that maybe never cared about crimea anyway . 
  well maybe that would drive putin 's suport down , and those people could vote someone else in . 
  or better yet , make a euroredsquare . 
  except they fire back :( and the key to dismantling that cancer of a country lies in london . 
  just financially ruin these fucks and be done with it . 
  you may or may not have heard about the [ oder ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oder ) river , which is precisely that :p, 
  well guess what , now we have a ceiling on a russian gas price . 
  is n't it wonderful ? 
  it 's comforting that whenever russia ups the gas price , somewhere , someone would be building gas tankers . 
  hell , we have a lot of destitute shipyards , how much are those babies ? 
  a wild [ gas terminal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9awinouj%c5%9bcie_lng_terminal ) appears !, 
  poland uses diversification !, 
  it 's super effective !, 
  we absolutely do not believe that russia 's endgame is to do business with us . 
  it 's simply not their goal . 
  they 're going for domination , simple as that . 
  the important thing is - we 're going to have an alternative . 
  right now is either overpay for russian gas or shut down our industry . 
  we 'll have an option to not fund gazprom anymore . 
  also , what do you mean infrastructure ? 
  there 's already one lng terminal open in one of the baltic states ( forgot which one ) and there 'll be another in poland next year . 
  do n't hungary have a bit of carpathia in their borders ? 
  or did slovakia take the best bits ? 
  yes . 
  it 's a very sad day in russia . 
  um , why , exactly ? 
  let 's suppose that the police forces try to arrest the `` militia '' and they shoot back . 
  what happens next ? 
  my guess is : nothing , russia denies connection to the militia and ukraine is left with wounded policemen . 
  then if we turn the situation around and policemen are able to regain control over crimea , russia suddenly remembers that it needs to protect it 's soldiers that were attacked by ukrainian state . 
  such revolution of rhetoric are nothing new to them . 
  and 25th ... of may , too . 
  the [ battlegroups ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_battlegroup ) are for rapid response , i think . 
  they 're not too big , though , and have no force to come reinforce them , outside of national armies . 
  the czechs get it . 
  shame that my country still believes that prohibition is the way to go :(, 
  you 're getting discounts and you do n't give a shit about everybody else . 
  precisely what that russian `` natural resource politics '' is all about . 
  well , guess what , we in poland pay the highest price for gas and your gas even transits through our country . 
  not to mention that baltic gas pipeline that bypass us ( that 's fine , i guess ) and cuts our ports from the big ships ( that 's not ok ) . 
  we either need to strike common gas deal with russia as an eu , buy gas from norway/us or excavate the shit out of our shale gas deposits . 
  with dead bodies of pro-green activist , if need be . 
  google is highly personalized . 
  at the moment it recognizes a user it displays hints and search results that are highly localized . 
  in short , my google is different to yours and to anybody else 's . 
  the user that made that pic had probably been watching/searching for christmas related things in the past and google found similar search phrases . 
  how high is that in cm , again ? 
  the other side is not interested in peace . 
  russia wants things and takes them . 
  is your response just to yield to avoid conflict ? 
  what will you do when they demand your home ? 
  would you hand over your city to be governed by russian officials ? 
  i am at loss with you people . 
  `` animalistic nature '' , my ass . 
  this is not about penis fencing . 
  this is one unspeakably evil country taking over lives of innocent people who just thought they 're on the right path . 
  those , who were protesting , regardless of location  . 
  but i forgot to add : it 's extremely unlikely that any military action would be undertaken by poland . 
  polish pm have said publicly several times that `` we need to remember our capabilities '' . 
  lol , nobody in this country is seriously hoping for restoring the commonwealth . 
  and , mind you , it would be impossible to do by force , for the commonwealth to work it needs to be voluntary . 
  if anything polands military could be engaged with ukrainian state ** defence ** , not attack it . 
  in case you did n't notice , we 're supporting ukrainian people all the way since the beginning in november . 
  fine . 
  we get back milsko and \u0141u\u017cyce , deal ? 
  we really like that wroc\u0142aw of yours , wan na more :p, 
  yes . 
  in my opinion the germans were spread too thin and had too little manpower to finish the strike and defeat su for good . 
  the soviets did escape with their industry , had plenty of t-34 's and people to man them . 
  so that 's what they teach you in british schools , huh ? 
  i do n't think your conjectures are accurate , sorry . 
   what are we going to say ? 
  `` you should have know the german divisions would steamroll you come spring 1949 ! '', 
  fine , i concede , even if i 'm not entirely convinced . 
  they fullfilled their obligations by declaring war .
