  moreso , recently they strated crime organization , dealing drugs , forcing tributes and affiliate themselves with nationalist and fascist organization . 
  you say it 's hard to be such a `` football supporter '' in poland ? 
  good . 
  it should be fucking impossible . 
  it 's a difference , maybe even a big one . 
  still , i would n't even have expected it being so small after experienceing the 90 's . 
  what genetics ? 
  lol . 
  as for archeaology ... first : sometimes it does lie , second : the artifacts found might or might not be associated with an entity we call polanie . 
  this entity might have not ever existed and may be just a theory that `` fits '' either the artifacts or the political forces funding the research . 
  i am not that well versed in prehistory of polish lands to lean to either direction , so i ca n't dispute what `` lies '' and what `` does n't lie '' . 
  but it sure is important to remember that all we have is artifacts of several certain types , bunch of legends and some vague chronicle mentions of some german scribe who probably wondered why does he even need to write down that crazy sounding names . 
  what we made of all of this is just a theory , and that 's all we ever going to get . 
  they are not , actually . 
  it surprised me , too . 
  i was going to go on vacation on a normal , crowded , narrow dk this yeat , but turns out they built quite a strip of an express road . 
  staying in west side of the country , it actually takes conscious effort not to travel on highways or express roads . 
  i do n't get that either . 
  my ukrainian friend ( a girl ) was yelled at : `` you russian bitch '' at the bus station by a person she does n't even know . 
  my other ukrainian acquaintaces were threatened and pushed around by a group of `` football enthustiast '' and probably `` ethnosceptics '' , too . 
  my friends are the best people ever , very humble and hard working , i refude to believe that they could in any way provoke this behavior . 
  but hey , that 's what you get when you teach general population that nationalism is acceptable . 
  the black sheep are going to make you throw up . 
  gazeta.pl is not a newspaper . 
  it 's a portalosis infection . 
  you might refer to gazeta wyborcza , which is , actually , not `` socialist '' but left-wing leaning . 
  also , is wykop.pl down or what ? 
  yep , found it : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/07/21/europe-survey_n_3631788.html, 
  more like sad that is has come to this . 
  actually it 's hard to predict how would i feel , you know :p . i think i would n't be proud . 
  satisfied , happy to be safe , relieved that the danger is gone - okay , sure . 
  but i do n't think i 'd brag about this at parties ... ? 
  but some of the germans were inside of the original roman empire . 
  not only that , they eventually took over the army and the highest offices , no ? 
  why do n't todays germans have same `` rights '' as todays italians ? 
  can germans consider the roman empire their legacy ? 
  why ? 
  we have surveys for every 10k of subscribers organized here , in / r/europe . 
  we recently had a 3rd , and some newspaper noticed the results and published it . 
  this was n't even representative of european people , nor this subreddit , but the newspaper title made it sound like that anyway . 
  edit : found the link : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/07/21/europe-survey_n_3631788.html, 
  nah , you got me wrong . 
  if someone breaks into my house and attacks me , i 'm going to defend myself . 
  even if i 'm going to hurt the attacker in the process . 
  but i still would not feel pride for that . 
  to me , it just is n't something to be proud of . 
   concentrated on agricultural goods - vegetables you mean ... like ... potato ? 
  ^ ^ could n't ^ ^ help ^ ^ myself , ^ ^ sorry, 
  well , maybe , to some kind of people . 
  i 'm not saying it should not have been done . 
  just ... 
  i find it difficult to shine with pride over killing people . 
  even when they invade my home . 
  to me , this is something that , even if necessary , i really prefer would n't been done . 
  so no pride of that for me . 
  sure !, 
  all of these are fantastic and peaceful contributions !, 
  oh , so that 's what the youth is calling it now ... `` beating the dane '' , huh ... well you just make sure that hair is n't growing between your fingers , lad, 
  why so militant ? 
  killing other people in battle ... 
  i do n't think it 's something one should be proud of . 
  even if the government told you that these people are baddies . 
  i 'd go with may [ 3rd constitution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_may_3,_1791 ) . 
  a bright flash of sanity , humanitarianism and rejuvenation of polish land . 
  pity it got killed before it could really improve things . 
  blacho-trapez in case you forget , our blue , tin storage faciliy is triangular , so you could easuly confuse us with a trapeze . 
  we like czech , but to some people all of the czech language is funny . 
  like it 's all diminutives . 
  i heard that the czechs are n't that amused . 
  they also tend to like us less :( . 
  the state-to-state relationship with ukraine is fine , with a prospect of being the `` besties bff 's forevah '' . 
  that depends on ukrainian democratic reforms and their drive to join the eu , both of which poland is a big proponent . 
  on personal level a lot of poles do n't like the ukrainians - to some people they just sound too russian . 
  there 's also kind of terrible economic exploitation ongoing and couple of bad jokes about it . 
  ukrainian immigrant wokrers are paid less and often treated poorly . 
  that said , in my perceprion the tide is turning and people are noticing how the ukrainians are just like us 20 years ago , and wish them all the best . 
  there 's growing positive sentiment towards ukraine these days , especially after we were co-hosting euro 2012 with them . 
  i hope it keeps going that way . 
  well , the soviets were made to ** withdraw ** from austria and parts of germany , for example . 
  in fact , plans to sell the poles to the ussr were made by churchill and roosevelt in yalta conference . 
  poland was an ally for both the uk and the usa in this wat , yet it was given away to foregin power . 
  you know what ? 
  screw alliances like that . 
  what good are they ? 
  yeah , i think bigos is a pretty cool guy . 
  eh good looking and does n't afraid of anything . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure that mieszko was a prospering warlord long before he accepted christianity . 
  we came to cite the baptism date for the start of the polish state , but the truth is , we do n't know for how long the piasts power lasted before it . 
  probably for some time , at least . 
  yeah , we skipped the whole ` check ' thing in poland and went straight to paypass cards . 
  and my god , are n't they useful . 
  i love that technology . 
  i cry evrytim when i need to withdraw some hard cash from the atm , because some bullshit seller could n't be bothered to get himself a terminal . 
  ( not exactly , as we 've got ginormous card fees , beacuse of motherfucking visa/mastercard . 
  i smell a price-fixing conspiracy ), 
  i think it happens when a woman is just not interested and it 's too much for a guy to digest . 
  look at poland . 
  not a long time ago , a country that standard of living was not muhc higher than romania and bulgaria . 
  a country that exported quarter of a million workers to the uk . 
  we 're doing much better now .
