  silesia is now mainly in poland , although some bits are sticking out into czech republic and germany . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silesia ) the wikipedia link . 
  basically , it 's a region directly north of today 's czech rep. 
  it was for quite some time a part of the kingdom of bohemia ( + austria ) , as well as kingdom of poland and prussia . 
  the capital is wroc\u0142aw , other notable cities are opole ( oppeln ) , katowice and ostrava ( i think ? ) . 
  in the upper silesia region there are big coal deposits and there is a lot mining going on , thus a great metropolitan area (  3m inhabitants ) . 
  why has this person successfully marketed himself as some kind of charity worker ? 
  wtf , 90 's . 
  there are mods like that , look for `` modern day scenario '' for eu3 . 
  also , i think the roles should have been reversed : papacy should be the eu , and the cadinals should be the elected comissioners . 
  your country gets bonuses if you can place a lot of comissioners in there  . 
  and hre would work like a un , where the electors are the security council . 
  bugger off , frankfurt am main comes first . 
  well , you kind of convinced me  . 
  i 've lived my whole life in silesia ( one or the other ) and i 'm probably a little biased , cause there really is a lot of german influence in here . 
  holy fuck . 
  i 've got some family in the podlasie region and i always thought that their part is somewhat russified . 
  now i imagine that might be genuine polish culture . 
  what . 
  the . 
  but about german vs jewish thing ... a lot of the alleged jewish influence came through christianity ( so again , also germans ) really , and not jewish diaspora in poland . 
  the `` messiah of nations '' thing was quite populat , at least several other nations that bordered external threat had this notion : hungary , romania , among others . 
  i do n't know if they had any significant jewish minority . 
  solidarity icon , lech wa\u0142\u0119sa , is expressing more and more extreme views as time goes on . 
  despite his deeply conservative views on society , he thinks that the eu should form a super-state . 
  i think that 's interesting . 
  there 's an english wikipedia article about that ? 
  wow . 
  and lol . 
  i think that german influence is much bigger than 10 % . 
  we eat almost the same things . 
  our language , albeit very different , use same words and phrases that has exact same meaning . 
  a lot of our architecture and language is borrowed from germany . 
  german influence surely tops roman ( wtf man , the no pole ever even saw a roman citizen , unless we 're talkin ' hre ) and jewish . 
  sorry , that 's kind of offtopic , but :  exception of kids who grew in `` the perfect families '' i do n't think this statement holds true . 
  i 'm from such a `` perfect family '' ( not really , but we did n't have any serious issues ) and i 'm pretty leftist myself , as well as most of my family . 
  on the other hand , some of the most nationalistic and libertarian of my friends come from a family of a single mother . 
  i do n't think my examples are statistically significant either , i just think it 's a bit too difficult to precisely describe a `` young , religious polish person '' profile . 
  they are very different and i do n't think there 's a dominant demographic among them . 
  in my little social bubble there is n't much religiousness . 
  i 'm mostly around 20-somethings with an it background . 
  pretty secular folk . 
  even the religious keep it to themselves and certainly do n't express hate towards anyone . 
  that being said , part of my gf 's family is pretty crazy religious and traditional , as well as one ofmy friends ' extended family . 
  recently there was some farce show of ugandian shaman that was supposedly making exorcisms adn there were thousands of people there . 
  so yeah , i guess if you scratch a little there 's a lot of superstition and belief in supernatural in poland . 
  it comes from the old denonym for poles : lechites or lachs . 
  the polish ( and , now largely dead by germans , polabian slavs ) came from the same family of lechitic tribes that 's why the old turkish name of poland is lehistan , and hungarian is lengyel . 
  thank you for the answer !, 
  i really appreciate your answer . 
  i share the opinion of your friend myself , but the notion that patriotism gives comfort and inspiration is totally reasonable to me and seems honest . 
  so thanks for that . 
  i 'm looking for a explaintation that links patriotism to some philosophical good or utility . 
  well , i suppose your answer might be one one of those . 
  that 's europa universalis 4 , recently released iteration of the flagship title of the series that ck2 also belongs to . 
  if you like ck2 i recommend you to try eu4 , it 's unreasonably tasty . 
  the image is nice , but i think it went down more like that : 1 . groups come in 2 . groups settle in different areas 3 . groups burn forests and start agriculture 4 . things are boring , nothings happening , more people , more food 5 . some jackass beats the shit out of everyone and tells them to pay him and his team a tribute 6 . 
  yeah , we 're not really a powerhouse ourselves , but still , i think everyone in poland would love to have a free and democratic belarus to the east . 
  the few can and nobody should change the country for belarussians , but i feel the change will come and then i 'm pretty sure that poland will be first to greet you where you belong  . 
  since i caught a belarussian on reddit , i might as well ask that : i read somewhere on wikipedia ( and heard from people who told me they 're informed ) that some of belarussians feel like they 're successor to polish-lithuanian commonwealth ? 
  is that true ? 
  how do people in belarus feel about the plc in general ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  what 's so good that 's inherent to patriotism so you feel it 's valuable ? 
  that 's an honest question . 
  i hold a different view and i 'm always interested in hearing reasons why i 'm wrong  . 
  no , dude !, 
  just throw the authoritarian out of the window and wait and see how we hammer the rest of eu to include you . 
  well . 
  yep . 
  you 're right . 
  i was taught that in elementary school . 
  so that might be some kind of national propaganda . 
  wikipedia seems to [ support ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_may_3,_1791 ) that claim : `` british historian norman davies describes the document as `` the first constitution of its type in europe '' ; other historians call it the world 's second oldest codified national constitution after the u.s. constitution , which had come into effect on march 4 , 1789 . 
  as far as i understand , both countries were pleased by the union , eventually . 
  the lithuanians were reluctant to join it , but did when offered polish coat of arms ( that meant their rights become equal to those of polish nobility , szlachta ) . 
  the lithuanians kept their separate treasury and every institution and office was duplicated into crown and lithuanian types . 
  i 'm not familiar with any resentment directed at the commonwealth from this period . 
  what you need to know is that this enormous shape of lithuania in middle ages does not reflect ethnic boundaries . 
  a lot of ruthenian principalities and cities were annexed into it out of fear of the mongols ( or what 's left of them ) . 
  the elites also were gradually polonized and ruthenized which meant that only a territory of about today lithuania remained traditionally lithuanian , as in , the people who actually started this whole country . 
  that being said , the ` proper ' lithuanians had a national awakening in the 18-19th century and felt that under commonwealth their culture was being eradicated . 
  so some of them might not like it . 
  also , some of belarussians feel that they are the only/main succesors of the commonwealth ( which is interesting if you compare plc , poland and belarussian flag from between ussr and lukashenka ... ) , and not todays lithuanians , as their culture was n't that prominent back in the day . 
  so exploitatnion ? 
  probably not . 
  identity shift ? 
  sure ( maybe more than once ... ) . 
  also , lithuanians and poles had a really strained relations in the interwar period over ownership of vilnius , historical capital of lithuania . 
  yep , we formed a polish-lithuanian commonwealth , more or less tightly [ coupled ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93lithuanian_union ) 1385 till 1791 , when the crown ( poland ) and lithuania became one under europe 's first constitution . 
  this was ended abruptly by country 's partitions . 
   bigos is awesome why , thank you . 
  why is this not on top ? 
  i spent , like , 3 minutes searching for full report . 
  apply yourself , reddit !, 
  well , if he did then no biggie . 
  i thought he might confuse the two , so i felt compelled to clarify . 
   one of the largest countries in the union . 
  ummm , i do n't think so . 
  not population-wise , and not territorially .
