  party because of the eu funds that are being absorbed into the infrastructure , thus strenghtening our competitiveness , partly because out unemployed were `` outsourced '' to th uk and germany , and partly because the eu regulations forced poland to reform . 
  now our market gets bigger , our salaries are rising . 
  we can afford a lot more of goods that countries from eu15 sell . 
  being a eu candidate means nothing to russia ( as well as to the eu ) . 
  this would n't change anything in their foreign policy . 
  as a matter of fact , being in the eu did not deter russia to embargo polish meat ( for political reasons ) , back in the day . 
  because of joint eu action the embargo was lifted . 
  soon after , the official russian ministry analysis recommended a change of foreign policy concerning `` the new eu states '' ( which , at the time , were poland , czech rep , slovakia , hungary abd baltics ) , which were from then on treated as `` integral eu countries '' and dealt with as a part of the eu . 
  i attribute this change of approach to the eu . 
  that 's good or bad ? 
  i never know with these trade balances ... 
  that 's probably confirmation bias on my side . 
  i recently only hear about ukraine in case of some horrible corruption/crimes . 
  like these policemen who raped a girl and were let go , because corruption and/or crazy policemen tribalism . 
  or the other case of the burned girl ( ? ), 
  i think , left outside to die by some rich kids . 
  but yeah , it probably does not represent the whole country status , these are just loud extremes . 
  i 'm sure there is many positive news about ukraine that just does n't reach me . 
  i think russia and belarus are better off , economically , than ukraine . 
  their gdp per capita is twice the ukrainian . 
  politically i was scared when yanukovych won the election ( again ) . 
  then i heard about the `` orange side 's '' corruption . 
  now i 'm even more scared , because there 's literally no one to root for . 
  i 'm feeling that ukrainians are en masse indifferent to eu , and the elite is just balancing on a rope and try to milk two cows at once ( and in the end , is being itself milked by russia only ) . 
   pretty good at many sports , especially box ( klitschko brothers ) and rhythmic gymnastics ( which goes for almost any former warsaw country , except poland that is ) . 
  right in the ... wait , i do n't care about sports . 
   fairly average former soviet republic , with the usual problems to adapt , not quite as hopeless as others  i 'm not trying to say that ukraine is hopeless , but i do n't think you could find a post-soviet republic that 's doing worse in europe . 
  moldova , maybe . 
  the rest of them are better off . 
  when it comes to break ~ ~ throughs ~ ~ fasts , i 'm going to side with the german . 
  flats in berlin , germany are ( ** in absolute terms ** ) cheaper than flats in wroc\u0142aw , poland . 
  `` mister obama , why are you spying on us '' < -- make that yellow captions . 
   sadly , there are no popular kids , only halucinations of malnourish and death . 
  i 'd pay to see a battle between spewing chavs and morbidly drunk urlas . 
  let 's hope so . 
  but they also may come inexperienced and lowering work efficiency , which will cut profits and makes us all poorer . 
  i prefer your scenario , though  . 
  some of them , yeah . 
  just before they finally accepted that they 're going to be shot in the head for being rich . 
  happened in soviet russia . 
  meh , we were getting out before it was cool . 
  we joined , like , less than 10 years ago and our quality of life increased tremendously . 
  anyone who fail to see that or attribute this to factor entirely outside of eu is just pushing his ideology . 
  a cause is not a purpose . 
  the war might have had causes , but i do n't think it served any real purpose . 
  haha , yeah . 
  except it gets pretty sad , when you visit actually interesting cities , with interesting places to see , like berlin ( thry 've got a motherfucking ishtar gate there and i think they wonder why ca n't they hold all their sarcophagi ) or london . 
  you start to dislike out museums after that : /, 
  if your life savings are 100,000 euros , and the bank is on the verge of collapse , you lose your life savings . 
  because i do n't think we 'll bail any bank out anymore . 
  or , you could chime in a percentage of your savings , and get the rest to some other bank . 
  the thing is -- if you want to keep money in a bank , you need to trust that bank again , and not your country 's guarantees to that bank . 
  that might make the banks compete with actual saving safety as opposed to roi numbers bullshit . 
   in moscow ( not east europe , if moscow is n't east europe , i do n't even know what is what anymore, 
  [ bigos ] ( http://kuchcikowo.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/bigos-pieczony-2.jpg ), 
  well , to be honest , zakopane is made out of tourists . 
  i bet they build their resorts with bones of tourists that got stampeded to death by other tourists . 
  if we 're going mountains in poland , there 's a really nice [ dunajec river gorge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunajec_river_gorge ) not that dar from zakopane and krak\u00f3w , where you could take a wooden canoe trip ( it 's really interesting , as the river is soo bent , that the guide is making quizzes about which side will it turn next ) . 
  there 's also a nice , medieval castle at niedzica . 
  pretty nice moutains , too , and nowy s\u0105cz ( a town neraby ) has a great historical feel to it . 
  way better than zakopane with it 's hordes of russian noveauriches . 
  found it , thanks !, 
  for some reason my brain filtered it out as an ad . 
  diversity is communist , scum !, 
  lol \\ - * poland *, 
  that 's fucking fantastic !, 
  what company does this ? 
  or is it made possible by some government program ? 
  i can not , for the life of me , navigate that page at all . 
  where do i click to see the next comic ? 
  there are things like you described . 
  there were incidents , and the right-wing parties were openly racist -- as everywhere in the western world . 
  a prince of great britiain was a nazi supporter , for example . 
  it was considered a valid political ideology , then . 
  then , there are these people : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/righteous_among_the_nations you might want to retract your claim that `` they certainly were n't putting on their best behavior when it came to polish-jewish relations '' . 
  i 'd wager that risking your and your family life for a stranger might be what someone would call his best behavior . 
  oh god . 
  why . 
  this is why i 'm on reddit , and not wykop . 
  please do not paste content from wykop . 
  please . 
  i lacked ` none ' option , too . 
  yeah , same here . 
  but it would be more representative if we were allowed to tick more boxes . 
  also , `` z\u0142oty '' means literally `` gold one '' . 
  nah , maybe you just did n't see a lot of paramedics at work . 
  people whose relatives need help are always upset , overly cautious and generally pain in the ass for the paramedics . 
  they want to get in to the car with the patient , sometimes they are aggressive , because `` the paramedics are hurting my boy , omg , did you how did he grab him ? 
  like he was meat ! 11 '' and so on . 
  working with upset people , you 're bound to see some verbal abuse . 
  you could do that , but the 2 excess hours should be considered overhours and compensated as such ; also , you should have had some more time between your shifts and some specified number of max shifts in a row . 
   if they fine microsoft 200 million euros after 3 years of inquiries and board meetings ... what good will that do ? 
  well , next time they are n't going to impose such a division . 
  also , it will repel other companies from doing things like that . 
  also , the x1 sales are in danger anyway , the console is proving itself inferior and more expensive than its rival , ps4 . 
  while i agree , that fining them asap and prohibition of sales is better , fining them 3 years later is good , too . 
  the punishment just need to be inevitable . 
  there 's always money in the banana stand ... 
  yep , also recognizable at least in russian and polish ( `` czaj '' ) . 
  i could really use a liberal-liberal party .
