  so far , so good . 
  would anyone else want to partiicpate in such exchange ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  why would usa or france or uk fire their icmbs for ? 
  it would only put them in danger of retaliatory strike . 
  scenario 2 . 
  russia uses nukes against ukraine tomorrow . 
  ukraine does n't have nukes , and can not respond . 
  again , why would any other nuclear power get involved ? 
  why put yourself in danger ? 
  great comment , i wanted to say this myself but you beat me to it . 
  it 's also good to know , that many philosophical schools teach you to get rid of any form of dualism . 
  it is considered by many ( both religious and secular ) that when you finally free yourself from dualistic point of view , you 've got a much healthier and more peaceful worldview . 
  also , not all religions are dualistic and it 's not a `` religion only '' philosophy . 
  so yeah , screw dualism , learn about it and unlearn it , it 'll make you a better human . 
  [ murcia ] ( http://www.winelog.net/blogs/drxeno/files/2013/06/murcia.jpg ) , fuck yeah !, 
  refugees ? 
  every one . 
  if there 's 200 million people from death i guess we 're all pretty screwed then . 
  in that case i doubt there would be any border officers to stop the refugees . 
  if it ever comes to the situation where there are hundreds of millions people displaced , it has to be a major ecological disaster or another world war or something of that magnitude . 
  either way , the world is coming to an end and nobody would be there to stop the migrants . 
   go to your relatives or shoot them or join the resistance or just wait for them to leave or whatever . 
  it 's very telling that you think that would fix the political instability an a country . 
  `` do more instability , or wait it out '' . 
  you 'd be truly hopeless if anything like that happened to you . 
  i hope you 'll never need to worry about it . 
  if you 're going to accept it , i implore you to watch [ the trouble in central african republic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voqaxqgevea ) , it 's a vice documentary about what happens to people before they are so desperate to get to peaceful places . 
  it 's not about somalia , but it 's very well made and an interesting watch in itself , but please try imagine yourself and your family in place of those people . 
  if you really are unable to empathize with civilians stuck in a war zone then you need to seek help of a psychiatrist , and i 'm completely serious about it . 
  it is not normal nor healthy and you may be a psycopath . 
   the existence of estonia is net good for estonians and that is enough . 
  well , if they lived in any well working country , let 's say x , the existence of x is a net good for them . 
  it does n't necessarily need to be estonia . 
  if estonia did n't exist and they moved to finland , what 's the harm ? 
  pity you chose to avoid questions i asked you in my previous post , paragraph 2 and 3 . 
  i 'd be really interested in your solution . 
  i hope you have one , and you 're not actually just an angry teenager ? 
  i think you hold those structures called `` countries '' too high . 
  it 's just people . 
  if they do n't want to let you in to safety when you 're in danger then they 're shitty people . 
  also they are no more right to ban you from entering than you to flee from danger . 
   stop trying to make it seem normal to just run of course it 's normal . 
  i 'm confused why do you think it 's not ? 
   even if you 're not a fighter , there are other ways to change things . 
  how would you `` fix '' this situation i described ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  because this is a scenario that a lot of refugees find themselves in . 
  and they truly did n't choose it . 
   if our reaction would have been to just pack our stuff and go , then there would be no estonia today . 
  yeah . 
  may be . 
  so what ? 
  is existence of estonia a net good for anyone ? 
  more like a net meh . 
  also , it 's not like you estonians fought for your independence in any way , though . 
  i come from poland , and believe me , apart from creating martyrs fighting for freedom actually does nothing . 
  we got our freedom because our oppressor bled himself , not because we fought him and won . 
  that 's also not the case in somalia . 
  they do n't have `` invaders '' , it 's just a very violent society , working this way because of years of war and internal strife . 
  haha . 
  oh you . 
  i should 've know you 're just trolling . 
  okay , in any case ( inb4 feeding the troll ) : imagine russian tanks come at estonian border to liberate russian speaking minority . 
  they invade , the us does the `` 1939 '' and the eu is debating about how gravely concerned they are . 
  meanwhile estonian partisans rise up , and russian soldiers take your house for accomodation . 
  you 're free to take the things you can carry and have to gtfo . 
  if you resist , well , they have rifles that `` they bought at the survival store '' . 
  would you stay in estonia `` to fix things '' ? 
  in case you 're 16 and idealistic and want to say `` yes '' , i 'm going to answer for you : you better get your ass and gtfo and stay safe with your family . 
  leaving you , a civilian , in a war zone might as well be a death sentence . 
  you 're not going to get out well of this . 
  there is ** no choice ** of `` stay and fix '' vs `` flee and forget '' . 
  you can stay and die or flee and live . 
  my theory is : if you 're eligible for work in poland , you 're free to move across the whole eu . 
  why stay in poland , with miserable social benefits and really poor living conditions on minimal wage when there 's a german border 200km to the left ? 
  and beyond the border lies a more tolerant ( and diverse , so it 's easier to blend in ) society , 4x higher minimal wage , better everything . 
  just does n't make any sense to stay in poland while you do n't have that familial safety net that a lot of people depend on until they 're able to live for themselves . 
  because if they stay at home , they might be killed just for being there . 
  that 's kind of a good reason . 
  a lot of people who want to move to europe are not in danger in their home country -- they just want a better life , it 's a wholly different thing , and not a priority . 
  well , it was n't forseen back then , but ukraine gave up their nukes , became pariah still , and is now in the process of being dismantled by russia . 
  next time we 'll be asking somebody to give up their nukes they 'd surely remember ukraine 's fate , you can count on it . 
   bases in poland , romania and germany ? 
  afaik , there are no nato military bases in either poland or romania . 
  hopefully ( and it looks like it ) the recent actions of russian military is going to change that . 
  nato bases are in countries that are nato members , and those countrues can do anything they fucking wish to defend themselves from the `` liberating '' russian `` green men '' . 
  we kinda screwed them up on the [ other side ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/ae/8b/d5/z13994926q,ponad-300tablic-reklamowych-stoi-na-20-km-drogi-mi.jpg ) . 
  i really like [ po\u0142udnice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlvz5vtfiw ) and their `` elektronice '' project . 
  this a girlband of young girls singing old babushka songs with electronic/dubstep background . 
  a very nice mix of traditional and bleeding edge trends  . 
  also [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbgrzkv1l1w ) ( watch the video , it 's really pretty ) . 
  a lot of these songs are in old polish , polish villagers regional dialects or even borderline ukrainian ( that 's how the peasants spoke on the polish-ukrainian borderland ) . 
  also the opposition gets badly beaten and jailed . 
  that also applies to journalists . 
  so let us not get too excited for the guy . 
  i think it 's because in slavic societies ( yeah , i get romanians do n't like to be considered slavic , but you share fair amount of slavic culture ) women were never as objectified as it was in western countries , especially in protestant ones . 
  the idea that a woman is her father 's / husband 's property never really took hold here ( except maybe tiny aristocratic circles that tried to emulate the west ) . 
  in those countries where women had it worse , they 're much more paranoid about that symbolic violence . 
  we do n't have that scar .
