  another interesting thing is that i think that we 're developing special relationship with ukraine . 
  since the orange revolution , when almost every pole was supporting it by wearing orange pins or parts of clothing , through our joint organized euro 2012 cup to poland 's advocacy of ukrainian membership in eu and creation of eastern partnership program . 
  many ukrainians come to poland recently to work and the nations are getting to know each other . 
  i was absolutely stunned when i first heard a native ukrainian talking ... it sounded so similar to polish , i could almost understand it completely . 
  it 's even more like polish than czech or slovak . 
  unfortunately , there is this notion and stereotype of ukrainian as of brute , thief , stupid and only able to do physical work ( i think some of you might recognize the stereotype of pole that 's held in the west ... ) . 
  that 's beginning to change though . 
  some celebrities were insluting the ukrainians recently and the public opinion got really mad at them and they lost their jobs -- i hope that this is the turning point for polish attitude towards ukrainians . 
  were n't we starting on about the same level in 1989 ? 
  actually , i remember that people from my hometown were going to ostrava for shopping , as everything was dirt cheap back then . 
  it 's the other way around now . 
  i think that size does matter here . 
  it 's harder to set a big economy on track , also in social democracy there are also a lot more people to look for -- especially in times of transition . 
  `` czechoslovakia '' is not a thing anymore , you have separate administration and that may have helped , too . 
  i 'm not an economist , though , i could be wrong , but if you look at the post-communist countries you 'll notice a pattern that the smaller ones are getting better faster . 
  that applies to baltic states , too . 
  but there are great disparities in between , say , poland or hungary and eastern ukraine or moldova . 
  i 'd say that these are far greater differences than between poland vs czech rep. yeah , i do n't really understand that map and ca n't interpret it for shit . 
  except that `` eastern europe is poorer '' , but i already know that :p . 
  yeah , but why ? 
  romania was free after 1989 , right ? 
  so why would n't there be investment ? 
  that 's true , that 's also why czech rep and slovakia are all smug and green on this map :d . us , big countries have it harder . 
  i 'm not sure why poland is in better shape economically than romania , maybe we just entered this era at different levels . 
  maybe you missed yugoslavia dissolution or what is currently happening in ukraine . 
  these are wars and europe kind of hides behind us back . 
  polish here . 
  i do n't think people have problem with refugees , per se . 
  but there exists rampant islamophobia , and in minds of very many people muslim = = isis member . 
  i personally am horrified by the amounts of anti-islam hate that pours through polish social media nowadays . 
  some people are trying to bring `` christian only '' syrians . 
  some are arguing for taking ukrainians from donbas . 
  people look for all sorts of excuses so they do n't have to even look at muslims . 
  it 's not like it make it any better , but poles do n't seem to have problems with refugees . 
  they have problems with religious tolerance . 
  fptp does n't have that high support . 
  basically every supporter of fptp went to the ballot , while most of the opposed just stayed home . 
  hence 80 % of yes in the vote . 
  however because only 7.48 % went to vote , that means that only 5,9 % support fptp . 
  not that bad . 
  an invasion force ? 
  for christ sake , your human status is revoked . 
  opening kgb archives from katy\u0144 onwards would be so sweet . 
  too bad it wo n't ever happen . 
  they are known for having eaten shoe polish because they thought it 's chocolate . 
  they might have looked for gold inside the chairs . 
  never underestimate a steppe horde . 
  thank you !, 
  they are n't even good !, 
  `` ruskie '' are the worst kind . 
  it 's basically a filler bomb . 
  a flour dough with potatoes and cottage cheese you might as well just superglue your intestines . 
  i wish we promoted bigos instead . 
  he did n't say that , but that is actually a good question : is any pride legitimate ? 
  can we justify feeling pride ? 
  well , to add to what i said before : we do n't plan to implement all those changes right away , in ideological zeal . 
  the direction we want poland to take is like that , pro-employee , favouring common people over big business . 
  we think our solutions will guide us there best . 
  but we wo n't sacrifice good of the people for the ideology . 
  we do not plan a revolution . 
  but we do want the capital to share more of it 's profits with the people . 
  no , that is not an answer to what i asked . 
  i do not believe that `` economic theorems that are proven correct time and time again '' exist at all . 
  economy is a humanity , not a science . 
  economic theorems come and go as does the culture and social climate that surrounds them . 
  none of them have value of it 's own , it 's all about how people understand them and how they apply them . 
  `` economic theorems that are proven correct time and time again . '', 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  which are those ? 
  there is a problem with vat , but it 's not what you describe . 
  currently it 's calculated that we lose 20 - 40 bln pln every year on vat system leaks . 
  we fix that , and we can fund our program . 
  first of al that 's a progressive tax . 
  so everything above of 500k/year threshold gets 75 % 'd . 
  everything below stays the same . 
  so no change in taxation for the common man . 
  second of all , the purpose of this tax is not to boost budget income . 
  it 's to discourage very high salaries paid to the ceo 's and board members of the largest companies and encourage them to reinvest into the company . 
  third of all , this is a personal tax , not a corporate one , so no change for the most of the foreign capital , fourth of all : the speculative capital can cry me a river . 
  if they ca n't find a way to exploit my country , that 's even better . 
  also we have phd 's of economy in razem and our economy views stand on a solid research . 
  the full program is in the works and will be presented soon . 
  indeed, 
  you joined r. ? 
  high five !, 
  well , in poland junkies were cooking `` compote '' from poppy heads . 
  i 'm pretty sure czechs had that , too . 
  i agree . 
  but the competition in education is allowed . 
  the water argument was used against making all education private . 
  would you accept that if you pay more for water you get cleaner water ? 
  so that poor people can only afford shitty , muddy water and rich people get ustronianka out of their faucets ? 
  i guess not . 
  so the idea is , education is more like water : it should be best quality , available to everyone . 
  no , it was n't `` shit '' , it was `` bullshit '' , as in `` not working '' . 
  ofe mostly bought polish bonds for the money they received from zus . 
  track that money trail : your employer pays zus , zus pays ofe , ofe buys bonds , poland rebuys bonds after x years . 
  now , who earns the money here ? 
  ofe earns it 's commission for basically moving piles of cash around . 
  and it was all private , meaning it 's just some guys taking our money for no additional gain .
