  and the weather varies as fuck . 
  i do n't understand why there is any tourism on polish baltic coast nor why it is more expensive than , say , croatia . 
  it does n't make any sense o_o, 
  says the guy from switzerland , the club mecca of europe :d, 
  to add to what you say , `` hurting feelings '' is extremely subjective and as such should not be a punishable by law . 
  why liechtenstein ? 
  was n't that luxemburgs that ruled in bohemia ? 
  :p edit : also , fyi in poland several palaces , castles and ruins had been restituted to the descendants of foreign noble families ( or now-foreign , because the higher strata somehow got to evade communism and lived though it in the western europe ) . 
  were there any church fund in the czech rep ? 
  in poland the church fund was estabilished in 1990 to compensate the catholic church for all the land and real estate that was nationalized . 
  now , 20 years after regaining independence the church is getting their land back , even after they accepted 20 years of financial `` compensation '' . 
  i am curious if this is the case in czech rep. was the church compensated in any way already ? 
  reminds me of madonna gig on poland . 
  about a month ago polish christians wanted it banned . 
  is n't that exactly what the detention centers were for ? 
  to let american officials hold up their hands and say `` we did n't do it '' . 
  why the prisoners were not taken to the us and interrogated there ? 
  it 's not poles who captured these people . 
  let 's not forget that the prisoners were captured and tortured by americans , they just needed a convenient place to do so , and that 's where the poles step in . 
  the polish official will be prosecuted ( at least they have a scapegoat , as we already know that the then president and then prime minister both knew about the issue and did n't do shit to stop it ) . 
  are american officers who let this happen prosecuted ? 
  that 's fantastic and the best angle to take . 
  if you like to see the alternative , google : `` atlanta traffic '' . 
  perhaps scotland would be allowed to negotiate auto-membership ? 
  so that it never really leaves the union while it leaves the union :p . 
  what about the decolonization process ? 
  i mean , almost all of the states in africa are descendant from either uk or france , and yet they did not inherit all the treaties that uk or france had . 
  also , i think that there are some more examples that follow your thesis : hong kong and a lot of former colonies in the decolonization process of the second half of the 20th century . 
  i think that all of these states started as new entities and did not carry any treaties from their time in the british/french/dutch / whatever empire . 
  also , sudan split ? 
  there is a positive sentiment to americans in poland . 
  i ca n't recommend a specific place , because i do n't know what you like , but you might want to try the usual tourist destinations : cracow , warsaw , gdansk ? 
  i do n't see every porn movie in the news , so no , boobs alone are not newsworthy . 
  boobs with a message written on them , on the other hand , are super newsworthy , pleasant to watch and i support them ( pun intended ) . 
   32 % felt it could be justifiable to kill in the name of religion . 
  what the fucking fuck . 
  who you you 're associating yourself with is not necessarily the one , who 's the closest to you . 
  in other words , yes , you think you 're closer to the uk and ireland , but in reality : architecture , fado , cuisine , and even sports -- everything i can think of about portugal is characteristic , or similar to iberian or italian peninsula . 
  on the other hand , what does connect portugal culturally to the uk and ireland ? 
  except voting for each other in eurovision now and then ? 
  if you 've ever been to poland/czech rep/lithuania vs. belarus/russia/ukraine , you would know better than put them in one category . 
  the differences are massive and a lot larger than between poland/czech vs. germany . 
  a long , costly political campaign may help positive electorate to mature . 
  but there is also a concrete `` against '' electorate that is unlikely to change their minds . 
  that makes it really strange . 
  do n't we have a high tax for the rich ? 
  the maximum tax threshold is 32 % and some almost 4k euro lump sum . 
  the dollar is more than 50 % more expensive to zloty compared to 2007 . 
  that mean my favorite electronic gadgets are getting insanely expensive ( while they should be getting cheaper , like everywhere else : / ) . 
  i also wanted to buy vaporizer in the us for 120 $ . 
  i could still buy it but i wait for a dollar to drop because i 'd hate to help the speculators . 
  at least in my circles . 
  but there was over 100k young people in the recent `` patriotic '' march , of which many share these `` cultural catholic '' traits . 
  so it actually might be a thing . 
  you have just described 50 % of my flatmates , 
  i live in one of the biggest polish cities , in the western poland and i study computer science . 
  the sheer number of right wingers , monarchists , religious and sometimes straightforward fasctists is astonishing . 
  you sure can be closed to such people but they exist . 
  look how many attended recent `` patriotic '' and `` defend radio maryja '' marches . 
  a lot of people , and many of them young . 
  i like that word . 
  it emphasizes that were talking about people , who accept irrational claims without a proof and organize themselves in bands to enforce their view on the whole society . 
  also : politicysts . 
  because cysts . 
  i am so funny !, 
  not that major . 
  i 'd say , 40-60 % religionists will be left . 
  there are still many religious people in young generation . 
  also , it 's not like the old generation will die , and the younger remain the same . 
  people age , and they tend to become more religious out of fear . 
  please pm me if you find the answer to this question . 
  i thought about this a lot , and the lack of answer make me think i am being robbed . 
  i can not decide by whom , but it angers me to the point , that i might no longer care and just hang all the rich , 
  this is n't true . 
  there are great roads in poland . 
  take the a1 , a4 and a2 autostradas . 
  almost every thread if these roads are high-class highway , safe and comfortable . 
  a lot of newly built s-something roads . 
  even the national roads system is getting betters -- i did n't see a single hole in a dk in a 3 years , i think . 
  this experience comes from silesia region , maybe north/east poland has it worse , but i would n't say that `` there are no roads for cars '' . 
  there are , and they 're good , too . 
  well , it and financial services outsourcing sector are beginning to be the `` polish sector '' . 
  a lot of companies withdraw their cheap it and accounting centers from india and move them to poland . 
  downvote for programming in c++, 
  actually , how do you know ? 
  do you remember having sex while uncircumcised ? 
  maybe , just maybe , your penis is so numb that you ca n't even get 10 % of the sensation the uncircumcised lot is getting ? 
  the point is , the choice was made to cut your body and it was made without your consent . 
  you are definitely eligible for feeling for you . 
  why is female genital mutilation an extreme case but male 's is n't ? 
  i 'm counting on this , too . 
  yeah , man , there were a lot of people of your kind in pre-eu poland . 
  `` the germans will buy us out !, 
  '' , lol . 
  you know , nothing has happened . 
  except out companies make a lot more money , now that they can export cheaply to all of europe . 
  our unemployment is reduced , as a lot of people emigrated , and a lot of investment was made by european companies interested in fairly cheap and good quality labor . 
  even if some of your contrymen assets are really going to be bought by foreigners it still leaves you with a full pocket of money to start a new business with , further reducing unemployment and bettering you gdp . 
  well , you may feel this way , but there are people who choose to pledge allegiance to the idea of europe , and not to their nation state . 
  i personally think that 's a great thing and support it wholeheartedly .
