  what are you , a thought police ? 
  what the fuck , now / r/europe tells people what flair they need to display ? 
  yep , poland implemented capitalism in early 1990s . 
  we had a planned economy and then changed to capitalism . 
  boom , capitalism implemented . 
  they actually privatised the stock exchange recently , these guys are cray-zay about this shit . 
  * whoosh * futurama reference , i think ? 
  well , you have to admit that this sounds a bit hitler-ish, 
  chechen . 
  the doctors hate them !, 
  here you are : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_belarus#white-red-white_flag, 
  because if the map is recrangular you need to scale everything down and you wnd up showing a lot of the northern sea . 
  and that 's just a waste of space !, 
  :d besides no one lives north of stockholm anyway :p, 
  should be the nex pokemon game starter evolution names, 
  boy , is n't that map template shitty, 
  i discovered that people get very anxious when talking about currencies . 
  and they got ** a lot ** of false hopes and fears . 
  some people actually think that adoption of euro means : - translating every existing monetary number into euro on 1/1 ratio , or - increase of prices to : - their current nominal number but in euro , or - the level of prices in western european countries , and - translating the wages into euro on current exchange rate this is very disheartening to me , because i feel i ca n't communicate with these people , i simply can not connect with their way of thinking in any way . 
  and while they present this collection of uninformed opinions , they also fail to see the real danger and opportunities of common currency - the ease of doing business , the risk of incompatibile monetary policy . 
  it 's so sad i ca n't even enter a discussion with my fellow poles about the matter because their stupidity is soul-crushing . 
  yeah , you might want to check the response with a geiger counter . 
  but seriously , i believe that putin , as a leader of russia believes that the russians should be ruling in there ( that is , himself ) , that there is extreme potential in russia that could be used to improve all of the russian people lives . 
  he also probably feels that other entity interest in russia is only motivated by this entity 's goals and interests , while he 's working for the good of russia . 
  maybe i 'm an idealist , but i think people that high in power are motivated by something else than just greed and power lust ( not that they are n't , but not only that ) . 
  then there 's that whole `` eu 's are fags and fags are gay '' thing in russian society . 
  the eu is seen as weak and feminine and that does n't grant respect . 
  also , it 's not like you could just enact all the common european law in russia and see it completely change overnight . 
  social engineering is a difficult thing and does n't always work like we 'd like it . 
  fine , why not . 
  no exceptions , though . 
  they need to reform , democratize , adjust to eu standards , just like everyone else . 
  they need to open their market ( no more those of * thorough * , politically motivated food tests ) . 
  if they 're ok with that , i 'm okay with them joining . 
  something tells me that they would ' t bend . 
  well , that 's soviet `` communism '' right there . 
  it works just like any other tribalism , it 's just `` loyalty to your own '' . 
  that was never meant to be communism , that was just a totalitarian empire with pretty ideology . 
  since now to , like , forever :d, 
  i have no issue with that . 
  i think russia has every right to revoke those . 
  it 's still harmful and a blackmail to me . 
  i do n't think that blackmailers ' threat needs to be unlawful , just dangerous to the blackmailee ( is that even a word ? ) . 
  well , that 's semantics . 
  i do n't disagree with what you wrote . 
  you 're a reasonable guy . 
  see those precious historical privileges you 've got there ? 
  shame if something happened to them ... now go back in line !, 
  it might be logical but it 's still a blackmail . 
  no , it 's not `` mass protest '' . 
  it might grow into one . 
  for two weeks now aleksander kwa\u015bniewski and pat cox have changed their rhetoric about the agreement from : `` it 's the last and only chance for ukraine to align itself with the eu '' to `` it 's just a paper that could singed at a later date '' . 
  a journalist from wprost magazine also cites anonymous sources from both ukrainian and polish foreign affair departaments that signing the deal is highly unlikely in november . 
  i kind of buy that theory so this news is n't too much of a shock for me . 
  lol . 
  yeah , he is a known leftist , but even the worst heiling , minarchist-monarchist neoliberal rightwingers acknowlegde krytyka polityczna 's high standards . 
  by writing  everything he writes is just nonsense . 
  you just expose yourself . 
  val thorens looks like a dream . 
  pity , it 's also very expensive . 
  yes , basically . 
  what does that even mean : `` took humanity thousands of years to learn '' ? 
  math is not hard , every healthy person could do calculus . 
  the russians know that . 
  i guess it would much better if people concentrated on making other people ( or themselves ) happy than trying to figure out `` advancement of civilization '' . 
  dude . 
  that 's not your job . 
  leave that be . 
  go be happy . 
  i meant in math education . 
  i believe it is , if your goal is to have a mathemathically literate population . 
  fantastic people , very creative and fun . 
  videos of russian shenanigans are legendary on the internet . 
  they have a long history of being supressed by their governments . 
  they 've got an enourmous country with everything in it - warm and cold seas , tundra , mountains , plains , steppes , brightly lit metropolies and forgotten tribes . 
  we poles have this kind of meme that individual russian is most probably a great guy and one of the best companion to have fun with , but their administration ... once a heart of a soviet union , was driven enough to put a man in space , design and build the only sensible , lasting space station . 
  they have fantastically disciplined math-sci education system . 
  unfortunately , these days poland implements that soft `` you 're all special snowflakes and you do n't have to know integrals in middle school '' , more western policy , which is a mistake imo . 
  srsly , the russian way is the only way . 
  they really do n't like gays . 
  they 've got a lot of national pride . 
  their art is magnificent , especially xixth century . 
  well , that 's certainly one reason . 
  but i do n't think these were * given out * to own . 
  at least in poland , they were given as an `` eternal right to use '' or on special `` tenancy '' terms and not `` ownership '' . 
  it 's only few years ago the government allowed such apartment to be bought as property - for fraction of their market price , arguing that people who live there have invested so much in the building that it should be theirs . 
  that bill was then overturned and it 's now impossible to acquire an apartment this way , although a lot of people did that ( incliding my parents ) . 
  exactly same here . 
  i wonder if rent rates are significantly lower in the west ? 
  that 's probably it . 
  do you think it might be cultural , too ? 
  us , former soviet block societies being convinced that having your * own * apartment is actually a basic need ? 
  or are our rent rates just so high ( or property prices so low ) that it 's equally profitable to rent and to buy ? 
  is that not the case in the west ? 
  well , they are . 
  come on , it 's clearly visible . 
  maybe it 's because if you 've got a lot of disposable income it does n't matter to you whether you pay off your mortgage or just rent . 
  it makes a difference in the long run if you have little disposable income . 
  like in former soviet block countries . 
  that 's interesting .
