   at 60 % income tax over 180k it 's sure as hell i would emigrate . 
  oh , and you would take your factory/shop with you to dubai , right ? 
  fine , go do it . 
  someone else is going to pick up the niche you left in the economy and fill it with accordance to law . 
  you also would n't be eligible to work in this country if you 're not registered eu tax payer , because if i had anything to say about it , all agreements about double taxation avoidance would be deleted . 
  that 's what i call tighetning taxation system . 
  and this should be done prior to any tax increase to asses what increase is necessary . 
  that 's why i see the need to increase 0 % tax threshold . 
  most people would pay just a symbolic tax , the burden would be on highly profitable companies . 
  more tax progression is more fair . 
   that 60 % of employers money to his employees that 's not employers ' money , that belong the employee and is paid in his name to  our stupid taxation system . 
  i do n't think it 's stupid , it just taxes are a bit too low , and a bit to focused on relieving * those poor entrerpreneurs * :( . 
   nothing is better than punishing people for working , right , commie ? 
  nothing is better than to [ brick up ] ( http://wyborcza.pl/1,134154,16335962,zamurowac_lokatorow.html ) your tenants to kill them , after you bought their house for cheap and ca n't evict them to build a office tower , right , capitalist ? 
  ^ ( i can play this game too , but i 'm afraid i 'm going to come up with much more examples ), 
   you sound like it 's your first day on internet . 
  if you still count on streisand effect , you 're in for a severe disappointment in the future , my friend . 
  2 - point taken . 
  he was aggressive against the police . 
  3 - 1300z\u0142 is not at all a big amount of money . 
  not in relation to their functions and not in relations to state 's budget . 
  that being said , they should probably be fired from their positions for doing that , they absolutely should have used their private funds . 
  all that being said , this is still a minor offence , one that should rightfullt incite public outrage and maybe cost them their job but it 's nothing compared to the fact that an mp is actively drunk-attacking the policemen . 
  this guy is supposed to write the law . 
  but he 's seen breaking it in the lowliest of forms , attacking people who risk their health daily just to enforce things that scumbag is spewing out of himself in parliament . 
  sure , i just admitted it just my experience . 
  i no longer claim that `` kuce '' term is related to bronie culture . ^ ( i never thought i 'd write a phrase like that ), 
   law is so horribly complicated that polish companies prefer to be registered in cyprus haha , that the best joke i 've heard for a long time . 
  do you know why cdp is registered in cyprus ? 
  because they want to use coders educated in this country and not fucking pay a thing for educating them . 
  they want to drive our roads and ** not contribute ** to maintentance them . 
  they do n't give a shit about kids of their own employees -- they do n't want to pay their due for public schools . 
  they want to pocket all the profits while not paying a dime for what made it possible for them to make it . 
  they 're registered in cyprus to exploit polish civic sector , and not to avoid some kind of law troubles . 
  do n't worry , they already overpay a lawyer and obviously an accountant that suggested that whole cyprus thing . 
  there were videos of that event floating on the internet on the day after . 
  they 're gone now , probably court order . 
  he fucking did it . 
  the investigation is finished , the charges are set and we 're awaiting trial . 
  we 'll see how that ends , the court will decide but after seeing that video i 'm preeeetty sure about the verdict . 
  19 % is hardly enough , you can see how dramatically underfinanced and understaffed polish public services are . 
  the nfz contracts on some services are out by march . 
  this is ridiculous and needs radical improvement . 
  first we need to tighten our ( eu 's ) tax system -- no more dummy-companies on cyprus , no more double irish with netherlands in between sandwich . 
  if that 's not enough we need to increase taxes on the rich and lower for the poor . 
  so yeah , 19 % is too much when you earn 2800 gross ( that 's median wage iirc ) , so let 's make that 10 % , but if when you break a threshold you should be taxed to finance the state you 're living in . 
   how is that fair plain and simple . 
  the state is needed to protect poor from the rich , and it needs cash from the rich to to that . 
  it just needs to extract it . 
  the rich can easily afford it to be less rich , the poor have it quite bad already . 
   enough for me to emigrate . 
  i would shed no tear if you emigrated , believe me . 
  but of course you would n't . 
  i really wo n't be missing people who are so desperate for not giving back to society that they prefer to leave than to contribute . 
  farewell !, 
   better fighting with police while being drunk than paying from my money also ( taxes ) wat so , according to you , it 's better to fight policemen than to squander 1300z\u0142 of public money ? 
  i need to hear that one again from you , say again that it 's fucking better to fucking punch a civil servant in the face for upholding the law than to lose some fucking money . 
  we seriously need an education reform if such people are leaving schools . 
  or do they ... say , meisterh , are you out of school yet ? 
   have you seen that malaysian airplane no idea what you 're talking about, 
  even the local guys eventually germanised and moved to silesia o_o, 
  wipler the police fighter ? 
  :d yeah , i 'd vote for a guy that attacks policemen while drunk and then tries to fuck their lives up because he 's a mp . 
  best guy ever . 
  the insurance is not a tax . 
  it 's not even paid to the tax office . 
  that 's one thing . 
  you 're also not being `` fucked '' , you are insured and if you 'd had an accident or fell sick , you 're going to get free treatment . 
  you 're also paying for old people 's retirement , altough i fully support moving that part to the tax system to end the illusion of `` saving up for retirement '' . 
  i do n't know , most of my neolib friends are hardcore bronies - i thought that it 's universal . 
  i think it 's a good percentage . 
  but we need more thresholds , like 45 % over 10k , 60 % over 15k , or something along these lines . 
  we should also severely increase the tax-free income threshold , ideally to match yearly minimum wage . 
   one-man company is completely different beast from company that actually employs 5 + people . 
  why is that ? 
  are the taxes different ? 
  i do n't understand why taxes are a barries when you employ people ? 
  what about it ? 
  the insurance is compulsory , you pay it whether you 're employed or run your own business . 
   slavery is illegal in the eu , so no , he is n't right . 
  being an ( unemployed ) eu citizen is nothing like being a slave . 
  why am i even playing this game . 
  he answered you . 
   ( inevitable crash of the pension and social insurances system , corruption of all government agencies , oppression of middle class ) none of these things happened, 
  nope . 
  what do you mean `` getting fucked by tax system '' ? 
  i recently started a one-man company and there are only two taxes to pay - it 's 18 % income tax and vat . 
  and you get a lot of things for that , a police force , a military , a pretty decent education for you and your kids , roads , firefighters squads , etc , etc. . . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty cheap . 
  if you ca n't provide for yourself while paying those taxes maybe you should rethink your business model . 
   most right wing guys who are just the kinds of nationalist populists that belong to the first half of the last century . 
  oh , we got those , too . 
  in fact , these guys are the main opposition party . 
  neoliberal , high school/early 20 's , randist crowd . 
  very popular stance among polish youth that chose to see that everything what is wrong in the world is socialism and it would all become better if it the world was fully privatised . 
  you get the type . 
  there 's also hilarious name for jkm supporters - we call them `` kuce '' ( ponies ) . 
  that 's because his voters are often young metalheads who wear ponytails or are bronies . 
  i thought i saw it in this short [ animation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2drxgj1nwn8 ) , but it is n't there . 
  still if anyone 's interested in a little backstory to those border changes they are pretty nicely pictured in that video .
