   are you trying to discuss greece 's reforms without knowing why greece has demanded reforms ? 
  what reforms has greece demanded ? 
  i have literally no idea what you 're talking about . 
   economic downfall from peak of 2008 was ahead of greece in all possible scenarios . 
  no one predicted this type of crash . 
  i 've been following this since the beginning and a contraction was expected , not a quarter of their gdp to disappear . 
   i have not said such a thing . 
  did i say that you did ? 
  i was referring to the stance of the finnish government , which is the topic of the post we are discussing . 
  would you say those views are typical of members of the party ? 
  or just the more extreme members ? 
  i mean ... `` human scum from the horn of africa '' ... `` concentration camps for queers '' . 
  wtf . 
  your statement was that greece did n't do the reforms as agreed . 
  apparently they implemented them better than anyone though . 
  their economy crashed as a result . 
  this implies that the policy was wrong , not just the implementation . 
  and instead of chucking it and coming up with a better one , the solution is to kick them out of the ez ? 
  this makes no sense to me . 
  it says in that article the haircut was $ 110 billion . 
  the new loans were $ 130 billion . 
  the fact that without the haircut it would be even worse has no bearing on whether the current debt is sustainable . 
  i 'm no professional economist , but if your income shrinks by 25 % and your debt level stays the same , i would say that 's problematic . 
  25 % fall in gdp is crazy , that 's on par with our great depression from the 30s here in the states . 
  it would n't be as bad if the debt level had also fallen by 25 % . 
  obviously that 's not the case . 
  they also had a concurrent bailout loan that increased their total debt load , even taking into account the haircut . 
  and this is after it was agreed that the total debt load was unsustainable . 
  so the total debt load is unsustainable , and the solution is ... to make it bigger ? 
  how is this nothing but a shell game ? 
  the numbers do n't work . 
  from the [ financial times ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/f0f0708e-679d-11e1-b6a1-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3fukkyuyo ) in 2012 :  even after private sector involvement , greece 's public debt will be unsustainable at close to 140 per cent of gross domestic product : at best , it will fall to 120 per cent by 2020 and could rise as high as 160 per cent of gdp . 
  why ? 
  a `` haircut '' of $ 110bn on privately held bonds is matched by an increase of $ 130bn in the debt greece owes to official creditors . 
  a significant part of this increase in greece 's official debt goes to bail out private creditors : $ 30bn for upfront cash sweeteners on the new bonds that effectively guarantee much of their face value . 
  i do n't think other countries would risk financial chaos just to have their debts written off . 
  that would be a really stupid move , it affects future borrowing costs and they would be in a worse position than before taking on the debt . 
  i mean bankruptcy laws exist , but that does n't mean the average person is racing to spend all they can just so they can declare bankruptcy . 
  it 's still not a desirable position to be in and is something most people want to avoid . 
  the haircut that was given ( only to private bondholders ) was matched by an even larger bailout loan so they could make the interest payments on their debt and also to bail out private creditors . 
  so their total debt load actually increased . 
  how , again , is that sustainable ? 
  from the [ financial times ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/f0f0708e-679d-11e1-b6a1-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3fukkyuyo ) :  even after private sector involvement , greece 's public debt will be unsustainable at close to 140 per cent of gross domestic product : at best , it will fall to 120 per cent by 2020 and could rise as high as 160 per cent of gdp . 
  why ? 
  a `` haircut '' of $ 110bn on privately held bonds is matched by an increase of $ 130bn in the debt greece owes to official creditors . 
  a significant part of this increase in greece 's official debt goes to bail out private creditors : $ 30bn for upfront cash sweeteners on the new bonds that effectively guarantee much of their face value . 
  i agree . 
  i think something needs to be done to cut the principal . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2011/jun/29/greece-debt-crisis-explained ) is an article from the guardian from 2011 , when the previous austerity bill just passed . 
  it 's pretty fascinating to read . 
  everyone knew the situation that is happening now was inevitable . 
   so is a greek default still likely , despite the measures being approved ? 
  and what would happen if so ? 
   eventually , yes , because greece 's debts still look unsustainable : as outgoing ecb member axel weber said earlier this week , `` ultimately , solving the greek debt problem will have to deal with the outstanding , past amount of debt '' . 
  lending them yet more cash is just a stopgap -- it 's a bit like borrowing on your credit card to pay your mortgage . 
  unless your fortunes improve -- which looks highly unlikely for poor greece -- it makes the situation worse , not better , in the long run . 
  if greece did default , even through a `` soft '' option such as a restructuring of its bonds , it would be likely to create chaos in world financial markets , as investors tried to work out who was exposed to the dodgy debts . 
  how much longer does the can get kicked down the road ? 
  greece 's 37th bailout in 2087 , when it 's determined that the debt is still , in fact , unsustainable ? 
  i was referring to an offer with the same terms . 
  i think it 's going to be tough to reach an agreement that 's politically feasible on both sides . 
  an idea for a workable type of agreement might be one where greece accepts the current bailout offer on the table , and some debt relief will be credited only after obtaining certain reform milestones ( ie . 
  percentage of taxes collected reaches x , pension system is revamped to meet y , etc. ) . 
  maybe agree to evaluate after a couple years and grant the relief only if the conditions have been met . 
  or just credit the debt relief whenever the milestones have been reached . 
  that would allow tsipras to say that he did get debt relief , in writing , and he believes it to be achievable . 
  it would also allow greeks to have some hope that they will not be stuck in an endless cycle of austerity with 25 % unemployment and have something to work towards . 
  more reform = more relief = a snowball effect and possible jumpstart to their economy . 
  on the creditor 's side , they can say that they are only giving the bailout loan with all of the same austerity attached , and they did n't budge on that . 
  and debt relief will be granted only when it 's proven with actions they are serious about making their economy more efficient . 
  it 's a more carrot less stick approach . 
  so i hope they are able to come to some type of agreement that 's workable on both sides , i think it 's possible although it admittedly looks pretty grim at the moment . 
  it will be an interesting few days in any event . 
  yup . 
  it 's the classic good-cop bad-cop routine . 
  if they give debt relief to greece , wo n't italy , spain , etc. 
  also ask for it ? 
  it was a stupid political move if their goal was actually to help their own country . 
  i 'm not talking about the words written on the ballot paper . 
  i 'm talking about the constant stream of rhetoric coming from syriza this week . 
  `` break free from financial slavery and blackmail/we will not be humiliated/keep your dignity and vote no/we will get a better deal right away '' , etc. 
  if you think that syriza was n't spinning things hard and fast this week you would be mistaken . 
   as a game changer in negotiations with the troika ( to better or worse , it changed the status quo ) . 
  well , it was certainly a game-changer alright . 
  i hope you 're right but i do n't see how this could possibly make things better . 
  you are probably right that there are people who want that . 
  but i believe the polls said something like 70 - 75 % wanted to stay in the euro . 
  so for most it would not be desirable . 
  this referendum thing was quite possibly the stupidest bit of politics i have ever seen in my life . 
  and i 'm american so that 's saying something . 
  the way the greek government framed it was basically `` hey !, 
  greek people !, 
  do you like this austerity thing and want more of it ? '', 
  and the greeks were like `` uh , no , not really . 
  it kinda sucks . '', 
  t & v : `` success !!, 
  the will of the people has spoken !! '', 
  they have wasted a week and millions of dollars on this stupid thing . 
  now capital controls are implemented , the bailout has expired , the banking system is on the verge of collapse , t & v have pissed off the international community more than anyone thought possible and a potential grexit is on the horizon . 
  but hey , now we know `` officially '' that the average greek person does not like austerity .
