[ he was n't driving at the time . 
  ] ( http://www.tmz.com/2015/07/26/snoop-dog-arrested-in-sweden-claims-racial-profiling-drugs/ )  swedish authorities tell tmz ... snoop was not driving at the time of the arrest , he was simply a passenger . 
  but snoop showed signs of being under the influence , and weed is completely illegal in sweden ... thus the arrest . 
  fyi ... the driver was not arrested . 
  by making european taxpayers beholden to the debt instead of the banks they really turned greece into a political lightening rod . 
  rationally , greece is not going to be able to pay off these loans and the terms of the current bailout all but ensure they will need another one . 
  but by spreading this debt to taxpayers across different countries , with different cultures and economies , this has become an emotionally-charged morality play instead of an analysis of the cold hard numbers . 
  i 'm an investor myself , and my belief is the investor or creditor has the responsibility to do proper due-diligence before engaging in any transaction . 
  interest or capital gains payments are the premium you receive for assuming risk . 
  an imprudent assessment of the risk is the fault of the creditor , not the borrower . 
  but now this debt is public instead of private and so the whole thing has become muddled . 
  making the taxpayers assume the debt in this scenario was a really bad idea . 
  they 've made their views clear , but they have never threatened to withdraw from the process before . 
  you could be right and it 's just hot air with no action , who knows . 
  it could lead to a stronger stance by the germans , but with economists from all leanings roundly denouncing the deal , the imf themselves coming out with such a strong stance against it and greece having capitulated to all of the demands anyway ( and are set to vote the requested reforms into law tomorrow ) ... refusing to budge and initiating a grexit after all that will cause an uproar . 
  but yeah , it 's not impossible . 
  yeah , it changes a lot . 
  formal negotiations for the 3rd bailout have n't even started yet . 
  the parliamentary meetings this week are just to authorize their governments to open new loan negotiations ( and in the case of greece , to vote the agreed upon reforms through ) . 
  imf threatening to walk is a game changer . 
  if washington did push to release this it 's because they want a sustainable deal now , not in 3 years . 
  the us might realize that the deal on the table would not lead to stability even in the medium-term . 
  greece will be right back where they are now 3 years later and this whole circus will start over again . 
  tsipras also said today that they could not do a grexit because they were not prepared enough for that outcome . 
  but what if in 3 years they are ? 
  if the us government is behind this they are thinking further ahead than the next couple of years . 
  they want a sustainable solution and for this issue to be put to bed . 
  so if the imf might walk away , what is the greek parliament going to vote on tomorrow ? 
  i thought tomorrow was their deadline to vote . 
  but it does n't appear that what they 're voting on is even a possibility anymore . 
  i 'm pretty sure america would help if greece left the euro . 
  if not out of a humanitarian spirit ( although hopefully that too ) , then out of fear of instability in the region . 
  i get the sense our government is keeping an eye on the deepening relationship between russia and china . 
  which some think is paranoid , but putin and his aggressive foreign policy + china with their 35 million `` excess '' males due to the one-child policy ... i personally do n't think anything would ever happen there but i have heard people bring it up lately . 
  so we would not want a vulnerable and unstable greece . 
  plus their economy is only half the size of dallas , texas . 
  it would n't be that hard to help . 
  i have no idea what germany is thinking , this is a fiasco and public sentiment is rapidly turning against them . 
  greece is a country with a gdp half the size of dallas , texas . 
  they ran up their debt a decade ago . 
  this should be a complete non-issue at this point . 
  but not only has it not been solved it 's now it 's threatening the entire euro . 
  not exactly confidence inspiring in the whole project . 
  but i 'm kind of in wait-and-see mode . 
  maybe this is just germany doing a little saber rattling of their own , and they are still negotiating ? 
  who knows . 
  maybe tsipras is actually the love child of merkel and schauble and this is all some complicated family drama . 
  the whole thing is just bizarre to me . 
  i would give them the bailout loan , and then write off portions of their debt upon successful completion of each reform . 
  once tax collection has reached x % , you get x % write off . 
  if not write off for successful reform , then stimulus payment to increase investment and grease the engine of the economy that has been sucked dry by austerity . 
  use the carrot instead of the stick to heal the economy and enable greece to make their loan payments . 
  that would be assuming that they actually wanted greece to improve and stay in the eu . 
  i do n't think that 's the case anymore . 
  passing an enormous list of reforms through parliament in 3 days ? 
  transferring 50 bn in state assets to be sold off by creditors ? 
  that 's * 20 % of their gdp * . 
  this is insane . 
  then just say no to the bailout already . 
  everyone knows that = grexit . 
  they 're putting up these unrealistic demands so greece can be the one to say no , hoping to shift the blame of the grexit . 
  i do n't think it will work . 
  just be done with it and kick greece out . 
  that 's the outcome of this and anyone with half a brain can see it . 
  if they 're going to do it at least be honest about it . 
  i hope greece walks at this point . 
  it will be tough for a while but anything is better than this farce . 
  going bankrupt means the debts are forgiven and you start with a clean slate . 
  do you think the ez is willing to do that ? 
  `` having a common market '' is not an economic policy for dealing with a struggling economy . 
  we do n't need to devalue currency in a specific state or city , fiscal transfers happen every year from richer states to poorer ones . 
  if a city gets bad enough they can declare bankruptcy and start over , but it does n't happen often . 
  the current post is about the finnish government refusing a third bailout loan . 
  no bailout loan = grexit . 
  a shrinking economy is typically handled by devaluing the currency . 
  being that 's impossible if you do n't have your own currency , i would hope the ez would have had some type of plan that actually works for those countries that would inevitably need this to happen . 
  about detroit ? 
  yeah , exactly . 
  we allowed them to go bankrupt and start over . 
  we did n't hold their debt over their head forever . 
  a quote from the michigan governor at the time :  i know many will see this as a low point in the city 's history . 
  if so , i think it will also be the foundation of the city 's future -- a statement i can not make in confidence absent giving the city a chance for a fresh start , without burdens of debt it can not hope to fully pay . 
  guess we should have just forced them out of the us though . 
  thankfully that 's not how we roll over here . 
  it looks like their housing crisis started in 2008 too . 
  24 % unemployment 7 years later is nuts . 
  i do n't think it would have gone on this long if they had control of their own currency like we did . 
  i did n't know that spain had a real estate crisis as well . 
  giving huge loans with unrealistic payback terms to distressed consumers seems to be a theme here . 
  you 've echoed my thoughts pretty much completely . 
  greece has a smaller gdp than the state of tennessee . 
  if this can not even be sorted out i 'm not sure why anyone would have faith in the ez at this point . 
  i mean currently spain has 24 % unemployment themselves ( up from a pre-austerity 8 % ) . 
  what happens if a bigger country like this starts to go under again ? 
  more austerity i guess , until the patient has been bled dry and can be discarded like a husk . 
  i think britain was smart to stay out of the ez . 
  did you even bother reading the link / u/fuchsiamatter posted ? 
  yes , they did implement a lot of the reforms . 
  and if your benchmark is `` implementing all reforms '' , then no country did that . 
  it 's not as black and white as you would like it to be .
