well unlike every military exercise scenario in russia , nato article 5 exercises are oriented on defence . 
  if russia feels like that 's bad then i guess we have even more of a reason to exercise those ` scenarios ' . 
  the thing is , according to estonian media , the fsb branch of the leningrad oblast confirms that the `` fishermen '' crossed over to the estonian side . 
  given that many experts have pointed out that the kidnapping of the estonian internal security service officer earlier in september does n't do any good for the russians and was probably a fuck-up by the local ( pskov ) branch of the fsb , trying to show some results to the capital , these two `` ex '' kgb just happened to conveniently cross a clearly marked border and made sure they were detained by resisting the border guard , it might be that they were set up by the fsb to get themselves detained in estonia so that the fsb could solve this mess without losing face by getting an opportunity to exchange prisoners . 
  rather , the trucks might even all carry humanitarian aid . 
  some will go over the border in harkiv , where they will be checked ( without finding anything suspicious ) and let through - pr win for russia . 
  shortly after , some of the trucks will go through rebel-controlled border points ( with russia saying something along the lines of `` everyone there needs aid right now , we do n't discriminate between the separatists and the rest '' - another pr win ) . 
  then , at one point the trucks will come under `` shelling '' ( from the separatists ) , russia says that it was ukraine who shelled the trucks and uses it as an excuse to move troops in to secure humanitarian corridors and `` rescue '' the poor truckdrivers . 
  game over ukraine . 
  so the economic interests of a country are more important than trying to subdue a authoritarian regime that has occupied part of a neighboring country and is actively supporting terrorism in said country ? 
  full combat readiness drill for a whole military district compromised of over 65,000 troops and thousands of military vehicles ? 
  yeah everybody does them all the time !, 
  also , central russian military district is about two oblasts away from the border of eastern ukraine - http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%a6%d0%b5%d0%bd%d1%82%d1%80%d0%b0%d0%bb%d1%8c%d0%bd%d1%8b%d0%b9_%d0%b2%d0%be%d0%b5%d0%bd%d0%bd%d1%8b%d0%b9_%d0%be%d0%ba%d1%80%d1%83%d0%b3_ ( % d0 % a0 % d0 % be % d1 % 81 % d1 % 81 % d0 % b8 % d1 % 8f ) #mediaviewer / % d0 % a4 % d0 % b0 % d0 % b9 % d0 % bb : military_districts_of_russia_2010 . svg, 
  actually you can also do it with mobile-id . 
  basically you have to have a special sim-card on your phone ( costs like an extra $ 0,96 for most carriers ) , which allows you to authenticate yourself by entering your phone # to the signing program , it displays a 4-digit code and simultaneously sends your phone a message with the same code . 
  if the codes match you enter your pin ( pin 1 to authenticate , pin 2 to sign ) , the phone sends a message back to the server and voil\u00e0 , you have a signed document . 
  no id-card/reader required . 
  works with other e-services as well ( e-banking , etc ) . 
  hehe . 
  well , the problem is `` ignored '' as you suggest , because any other option was deemed a worse idea - either giving the minorities citizenship or making them leave by force , so we created a situation in which they 'd either have to assimilate , leave , or accept their situation . 
  they almost did it in latvia , without all minorities having official citizenship , i 'm pretty sure they 'd pushed it through in both countries if they had been . 
  ah yes , well , it can be funny to an outsider , but here it was just one way of trying to get as far from the soviet era as possible . 
   coupled national with language education of a high standard , it would have yielded much better results than stonewalling them . 
  maybe only in areas where the % of non-estonians is less than 50 % , but not in narva or lasnam\u00e4e or most of ida-virumaa . 
  if russian would be the official language , they would n't learn estonian , specially in areas of highly concentrated russian-speakers , where their whole world around them is in russian and they have not incentive to learn estonian . 
  i do n't think you can claim otherwise . 
   see , this is far from perfect . 
  i totally , but at that time we did n't have the economy to support free high-level language courses to 30 % of the population , essentially removing them from the workforce . 
   you know , for someone of a `` younger generation '' , your views do n't offer that much different perspective , just milder terms . 
  maybe because mostly i 'm not arguing for my views , but rather trying to explain the views of the `` other side '' , or in this case , most estonians . 
  look , it is this simple ( again , not necessarily my opinion ) : the vast majority of estonians in '92 wanted to re-establish the estonia that was occupied in 1940 - a mostly homogeneous country where practically everyone spoke estonian , and the main purpose of which was the continuation of estonian language and culture . 
  that could n't be done by giving 300,000 non-estonians ( who mostly did n't speak estonian ) full citizenship by default . 
  they had to prove their knowledge in estonian and in our customs , culture , etc. 
  they had to assimilate or move ( back ) to their country of origin . 
  yes , that made them angry , bitter , and created tensions , but that was n't why it was so . 
  yes , it did n't go as smoothly as planned , but for many estonians then and still now , it 's better than the alternative - an ** officially ** dual-cultured estonia . 
   simply providing some quality , free-of-charge language courses on a national basis would have alleviated so much , but that just is n't a worthwhile investment , is it ? 
  i ca n't speak for the 90s , but right now the government will reimburse your estonian studies for $ 320 for every positive estonian level exam ( the standard a2-b1-b2-c1 system ) . 
  a quick search showed that this is about as much courses on one level would cost you . 
  but as you said , most of this is ranting about something that we ca n't change any more . 
  but , like you , i tried to explain the `` other side '' . 
  how is it different ? 
  well for one , many of those people ca n't participate in the parliamentary elections . 
  and , while it can be considered a breach to their rights , seeing who ~ 80 % of them vote for in the local elections , i 'm personally glad . 
  though of course , one can argue that their voting preferences might be different if they had full citizenship from the beginning . 
  all in all , it 's difficult to guess what might be , but i 'd say that our politics would be less liberal ( as in more towards socialistic ideas , not as in less free/democratic ) and a lot of the huge reforms done in the 90s would 've been more difficult to push through . 
  would that make a better or worse estonia today , i ca n't say . 
  i do think it is a sad and difficult situation that we are in , but i do n't think your suggestions would have made the situation magically better . 
  seeing how many people objected to the idea of giving non-estonians citizenship by default , if that would 've happened , we might have had much more conflict between these groups than we did . 
  furthermore , i would n't say the choices were driven by hate , but by fear - fear that our culture and language would lose to russian , which is supported hugely across the border as it is , fear that with such big representation of citizens that might be more loyal to their country of origin , we would lose much of our sovereignty to a hostile power . 
  ps : ethnic-russians in estonia actually emigrate as much , if not more than estonians , and their birth rate is significantly lower . 
  also the older generation , who refuses to/cannot learn estonian , is slowly passing away , and the younger generations continue to mix with the natives more and more in all but the most russianized areas . 
  the % of the population who , as you say , lack certain essential rights , is already around 8 % , and it 's lessening . 
  i agree , but let 's be honest , most of the estonians then ( if not latvians ) did want the russians ( and other new immigrants ) to go away , to create a homogeneous country where you can make do with only estonian language everywhere . 
  and also , do you honestly think that giving 300,000 people , who do n't speak estonian , full citizenship and all the same rights as estonians ( including free education in russian , up until universities ) , giving them the option to elect the parliament and even recognizing russian as a second language , would have created a homogeneous , integrated society ? 
  or would we , today , have a divided estonia , with parts of the country technically autonomous enclaves ? 
  they were actually born and raised in the soviet union . 
  yes , it 's not their fault that they are technically illegal immigrants or descendants of illegal immigrants , but that does n't mean they should just get citizenship . 
  would a country as small as latvia survive by having 40 % of its population not speak latvian , but another official language , coincidentally the same as in a semi-hostile neighbouring country of several hundred million ? 
  estonia actually turned 95 this year . 
  hey , i 'm all for having ethnic russiand living here , mire than the average estonian , and i do understand why many of them do n't speak estonian , but they have to understand why a country of barely 1 million ethnic nationals does n't want to grant full citizenship to 300,000 people , many of whom do n't speak our language , most of who originate from a neighbouring country of several hundred million people , which has been openly hostile towards us since we have recorded history , where many , including policymakers , think that the independence of the baltic states is an error to be fixed . 
  what you say is true , but there are areas in esonia and also in latvia , i 'm sure , where the majority of population is russian-speaking . 
  if all of them had gotten citizenship by default in 1992 or 94 , with all the same rights for jobs as estonians , we might have a situation where an estonian would have serious trouble conducting official matters in estonian . 
  as it is , there still are problems with the language skills of a variety of individuals from school proncipals and store clerks to elected officials . 
  the ` not lotal enough ' issue was a serious one , since , as you know , the support for keeping the union and opposing national independence was a lot stronger with the post-1940 immigrants . 
  and a lot of them do n't know the language , and still do n't !, 
  well , since i 'm of a younger generation , i ca n't really say from experience , but from my understanding , for a bigger chunk of the population of estonia ( and i 'm guessing latvia ) , the immigrants who settled here during the soviet occupation are an unwelcome element . 
  we were a prosperous nation , ahead of the finns back in 1940 , many see the soviet union , and whoever came with it , as a cause for our downfall . 
  the immigrants are like a constant reminder of an occupation , which made us lag behind the west several decades . 
  also , large areas of estonia , that were once owned and populated by locals , are now largely populated by ethnic russians , ukrainians , etc. 
  so for some , the occupation still lasts . 
  note that i 'm not arguing for neither side at the moment , just bringing out the reasoning behind many of these decisions . 
  also , are you saying that if we had welcomed all ethnic minorities as equal citizens with all the rights same rights as the natives , we would n't have a language problem ? 
  would the 40 % of non-latvians and 30 % of non-estonians be speaking latvian and estonian by now ? 
  20 years is long to feel betrayed . 
  also , in estonia ` these people ' were n't promised anything by those who got to power . 
  there were always two sides to that issue . 
  the most radical movements wanted for all the people who moved here after 1940 , and their descendants , to be deported back east , so what we got was kind of like a middle-ground . 
  also , retired soviet military personnel were allowed to stay and they were guaranteed some social benefits ( a deal which a lot of estonians curse to this day ) . 
  also , a big reason why the ~ 84 000 ` aliens ' in estonia do n't want to take up citizenship is because many are really old and unable to learn the language . 
  the younger poeple do want to keep on living here , because it 's better than back in russia , else they 'd have emigrated back there a while ago . 
  speak for yourself , you six-toed-latvian  in estonia the topic comes up sometimes and by now the question is about how difficult should the citizenship exam be . 
  and in estonia , there were always two sides - one promising citizenship to all , others only to the people who held citizenship in 1940 , when estonia was occupied by the soviet union , and their descendants . 
  clearly the latter side won . 
  additionally , here we allow the non-citizens to vote on a local level . 
  there might be some restrictions on some things , but nothing you would n't expect from non-citizens . 
  i mean , if you ca n't pass a citizenship test and have a basic knowledge of the state language , how could you be a lawyer or a notary ? 
  they could basically get a russian citizenship at any time they want , but they wo n't , because their current `` status '' allows them to travel to russia visa-free ( visa required for eu citizens ) and also in schengen ( visa required for russian citizens ) . 
  so they can travel more freely , to some places . 
  furthermore , while latvia and estonia have populations of ~ 40 % and ~ 30 % respectfully , of non-native origin , while lithuania has only a ~ 16 % population of non-native origin , of which over 6 % are poles , since during the soviet times , they resisted immigration from the east as much as they could . 
  that makes in simpler for them to deal with the `` russian issue '' . 
  i would like to mention that the exact route is still under debate ( though by now i guess it 's almost certain that it will go through p\u00e4rnu instead of tartu , sadly ) . 
  the current timetable sees construction starting in 2018 and finishing in 2023 . 
   but did not reach to cash savings stored under the mattress . 
  if the only place you can keep your money is bank . 
  it can be taken away from you easily . 
  by the bank or government whatever the reason might be . 
  the cash stored under a mattress wo n't be worth much if a government decides to deflate the currency . 
  first , some allied forces here would be cheaper than trying to get the baltics back from russia if it decides to annex us one day . 
  secondly , estonia actually is covering some of the costs associated with keeping allied forces here ( on top of our 2 % commitment ) .
