[ `` cher jean claude , je m ` appelle theresa . 
  the article you linked to does n't say what you claimed btw . 
  but i did actually acknowledge in my comment that the daily mail was presenting a one sided point of view . 
  i get where you 're coming from but i think there is a fundamental flaw in the premise . 
  within the united kingdom scottish nationalists make the reasonable assertion that they should not suffer under a tyranny of the majority . 
  yorskhire , or the nw , or the west midlands meanwhile should be made to suffer under a tyranny of the majority because they do n't have the right `` character '' . 
  this is the route nationalism leads down , by which people become worth more or less depending on some arbritrary assignation of identity . 
  yes , sorry i could have been clearer , i 'm not saying yorkshire * is * a country , but that that being a region rather than a country does n't mean that 5m people in yorkshire are less important than 5m people in scotland . 
  ( i 'll put in an edit to make clear . ), 
  but when the interests or desires or voices of yorkshire get put to one side and overlooked because `` you 're just a region , not a country '' it can be pretty galling . 
  i 'm not saying this is a very common line of argument , but it is one shared by the anti-devolution factions of the tories and the nationalists in scotland . 
  i think this theory often gets proposed with a preconception that there is a simple divide between the celtic nations and england ( & wales ) . 
  but national and cultural divisions in britain and ireland are more complicated than that . 
  can you really imagine that after all these years the loyalists of northern ireland would ever happily join the republic ? 
  the attitude of * no surrender * has n't gone away . 
  and that exists in the west of scotland too . 
  anti catholic/anti irish prejudice has n't disappeared . 
  rangers remain the most supported team in scotland and northern ireland and it is no secret at all how their fan base feels about the irish/republicans . 
  meanwhile would the republic have any motivation at all to reopen the risk of conflict ? 
  you make an interesting point . 
  it occurs to me now that my mates in scotland were mostly disappointed but not outraged ( other than a couple ) , while down south i had a few more eurosceptic mates , but most were still remainers and yeah they ( / i ) were outraged . 
  unfortunately i do n't see it happening either . 
  i do n't live there anymore so i would n't get a vote , but an independent scotland in the eu would get me my european citizenship back !, 
  but i think your assessment there is pretty accurate , pro eu as the majority were , not strongly to choose it over the uk i think . 
  i 've two quick points : 1 ) youre right that it 's wrong to try and turn the numbers around to highlight the number of leave voters in scotland . 
  it is undeniable that across the board scotland was strongly pro eu . 
  ( and right to be ) but 2 ) a different point :  you ca n't really compare the attitude of a country with that of a region . 
  i really think this is a point at which nationalists lose a lot of support from english folk who would otherwise be very sympathetic to their cause/motives/frustrations . 
  yorkshire , greater manchester-liverpool , greater birmingham-west midlands , each have similar populations to scotland , but the message from westminster and scottish nationalists alike is always `` you 're just a region , not a country , * therefore you do n't get as much of a say * '' . 
  edit in italics . 
  its status is in the hands of gibraltarians , which is not something spain would be willing to grant , who would seek to annex the peninsula against the will of the people . 
  i 'm not gon na try and step in to correct any of your points , i do n't have the knowledge/sources/desire to do so . 
  but i was interested to note that other than the tax haven and nuclear points , these kinds of claims are things that get reported in our media as things spain are doing wrong . 
  [ not cooperating at border control ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2380286/spain-escalates-gibraltar-stand-stopping-10-000-vehicles-leaving-rock-sparking-hour-border-delays-86f-heat.html ) [ spanish police shoot at jet ski in gibraltar waters ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2348844/spanish-police-make-second-incursion-british-waters-gibraltar.html ) these ar from the daily mail so take with a big pinch of salt , but i suspect that in both countries a very one-sided version of events is getting presented to the public . 
  highly highly recommend visiting the prehistoric temples at tarxien and hagar qim . 
  absolutely stunning structures , several thousand years old . 
  another star wars connection : alex guinness starred in an old black and white movie called `` the malta story '' in which he was a pilot during the war . 
  nah our carriage will fall off the bridge into the water and the brexiteers will claim that britannia is ruling the waves again . 
  about 52 % of britons i believe, 
  i think he was winding you up but i love tht he did . 
  i was once told tht the word frankly was named after frank lee , some man who was renowned for speaking his mind . 
  the most pertinent shade on wales , just not giving it a distinction . 
  poor wales . 
   brie and marmite sandwiches !, 
  trying this ... 
  they were probably meaning to refer to the ulster banner ( the red and white one ) which is relevant to northern ireland specifically rather than the ulster flag ( the red and yellow one ) which is for the province . 
   as flawed as it is it is at least a democracy ... [ no , iran is not a democracy ] ( http://www.worldaffairsjournal.org/blog/michael-j-totten/no-iran-not-democracy ), 
  yes get involved big man, 
  the leaks were happening already within hours of the attack with abc news releasing details that greater manchester police had embargoed . 
  i thnk in that pic it looks bad because he is so forcing a grimace smile at shaking hands with trump, 
  this is the strange thing , trump thinks he 's made a power play and shocked/subdued abe , but what the look on abe 's face said to the rest of the world was that he was a grown up shocked at the behaviour of a child . 
  far from making trump look powerful , it makes him look weak because he 's trying to hard to dominate . 
  as another user put it , only betas try to prove that they are alphas or as charles dance gloriously delivers it , `` any man who must say * i am the king * is no true king '', 
  trudy definitely the winner , but i have a lot of love for the danish pm , in particular his swooping entry into the handshake , like he knows trump is a clown with all this handshake bs and is jst happy to add more razz to the show, 
  that 's a great spot, 
  i think you 're almost certainly right that things cant go backwards again . 
  for one , a non political reason , i think modern surveillance and anti terror intel capacities would stop the kind of regular sustained terror campaigns that both northern ireland and england experienced . 
  but also , as you say , politically , there have been two decades of almost total peace now . 
  there was something almost refreshing about the fact that that fuel subsidy scandal though indeed scandalous was also so thoroughly mundane a scandal . 
  there is just a small nag at the back of my mind though , put there by brexit . 
  a lot needs to be worked out , and if these talks drag and tempers flare ... with unionist parties losing seats one worry is if loyalists start to perceive sinn fein as having an upper hand and turn to violence . 
  not a likely scenario necessarily , but the odd flicker of danger will always be there i suppose . 
  you make fair points and i imagine those factors did affect the way it was perceived . 
  i suppose also that attacks that do n't take place in the victims own countries always get perceived differently . 
  the beach shootings in tunisia had many british victims but are n't talked about often in relation to terror attacks against britain . 
  seems les rosbifs should be les poulets, 
  fish and chips might be iconic but it 's not something you eat all the time , often a friday night takeaway . 
  on the whole i dont think people cook fish much at home , unless it 's birdseye . 
  contrary to stereotype the german responses in this thread have been the funniest of the lot !, 
  yeah i think humour is important , and in many ways welcome , at times like these . 
  there is a balance , but usually the balance is less about ` too soon ' , or ` bad taste ' , and more about , ` well was it funny ? ', 
  as soon as it has made you laugh you 're no longer allowed to judge it . 
  jimmy carr once had a line about this when he was asked about bad taste jokes , and he said ( paraphrasing ) `` if i 'm confident that it 's funny enough that i could make the joke in front of those who are the butt of it , i 'll do it . 
  if i 'm not confident it will get a laugh , i wo n't do bad taste for shock value '' . 
  i think it is often attributed to him , along with that one declaring the un-independence of america , but i also vaguely recall reading an interview where he said he 's not sure how his name got attached to one or both of them . 
  it does seem very cleesey humour . 
  sorry for vague recollection , i might be completely wrong . 
  it was great while it lasted , a polski sklep on every corner . 
  now brexit is happening lots of poles are leaving again and it makes me sad . 
  spot on . 
  lots of talk in the papers about the possibility of a `` master bombmaker '' being behind what was apparently quite a sophisticated device . 
  if this is true and seeing in the news that authorities had identified the attacker prompted him/her to go into hiding , the leaks could indirectly lead to him/her being able to plan further attacks . 
  i have read that this was a repeated source of frustration between the blair govt and the bush administration as well . 
  the independent is ceasing to be a reputable source of any news . 
  clickbait headlines with no relation to the text , complete non-stories , assertion-as-opinion on completely random topics . 
  with no print run these days it has essentially demoted itself to an online tabloid/gossip . 
  it used to be my favourite paper and these days i wo n't take a word it says seriously . 
  the daily mail i do n't like , being on the left myself , but i sort of recognise that i 'm just not its target market . 
  acknowledge that it will always push a hard right agenda and then take anything they say with an enormous pinch of salt . 
  i agree , it is a lovely gesture . 
  i would add something though : i would n't often be mistaken for someone pro-russian , my disdain for putin and having my own ukrainian connections means i do n't often see russia in a good light , but i was a little disappointed by some of the reaction in the uk after the russian plane was bombed by isis . 
  most british people were horrified by those who , after 7/7 , ( and paris , and nice , etc etc , ) said things along the lines of `` well , this is what you 'd expect after iraq/this is britain 's own fault for its foreign policy '' . 
  and yet too often i saw and heard people use a version of it to say that after the engagement in syria russia had it coming . 
  we lit our candles and flew our flags for brussels and paris but not for 200 + russian holiday makers blown out of the sky . 
  and i think we demeaned ourselves slightly in omitting to . 
  ( i know it 's the same principle , but i understand why there are n't outpourings of emotion in the uk every time there are attacks in iraq or syria . 
  they are sadly so common that we slowly stop registering them as news . ), 
  well expressed comment throughout , there . 
  daly was quite a remarkable character , retaining the respect of several sides of a conflict while often being openly critical of them seems quite a testament to his character . 
  it is an answer we will unfortunately never know , and i mean this in no way to condone the actions of terrorists on either side , but how much bloodshed might have been spared if civil rights campaigns in the late 60s/early 70s had been taken seriously by the authorities , rather than reflexively criminalised ?
