  and ? 
  any professional company is going to be pragmatic & unbiased regardless of its location . 
  thanks , this sub needed some kekkles after the mood of the past couple weeks . 
  uk is n't the only country opposed to the idea , just the largest . 
  it has n't really changed anything for me , as i do n't see the euro crisis as any of our business really , outside of potential slow downs in trade if the eurozone was to take a hit in case of a grexit . 
  however i thought the actions of the eu during the greek referendum were pretty disgusting , essentially bullying greeks via various methods of pressure to try and make them vote a certain way . 
  schulz deserves a special mention for outright calling for the greek government to be brought down and replaced with technocrats . 
  but again , this does n't really alter my view because i already knew the eu was n't the goody goody it likes to be seen as . 
  my decision will be based on just how reformed the relationship is when dc is finished with his renegotiation . 
  jeez , seems like it came closer to a grexit than anyone dared to imagine . 
  if we 're being pragmatic , there 's pro 's and con 's to everything . 
  i 'm fairly eusceptic ( though not yet an `` outer '' ) , but i 'd never downvote positive news or opinions in relation to the eu . 
  the opposite ca n't be said about some federalists on here , who will downvote absolutely any form of post criticising the eu , or even downvote the idea of a nation ( i.e the uk ) doing fine outside of the union . 
  talking about the deficiencies does n't mean breaking the union , hell it would probably even lead to a more integrated eurozone ( with the likes of the uk moving a bit further away ) . 
  this general bias of this sub is in no way representative of the european population as a whole . 
  questioning the downsides of the eu project might get downvoted on here but out in the real world a proper debate will happen sooner or later . 
  the greek situation and the uk referendum will force it , whether the federalists want it or not . 
  i remember when the first bailout was agreed , sarkozy stood at a press conference telling the whole world the greece crisis was solved . 
  if the greeks pass this , for all intents and purposes they will be a german vassal . 
  medieval europe is back baybaayy !, 
  the two are being mixed together , often both linked in the same tweet . 
  even ukip have stated that eu nationals would n't be kicked out . 
  it would be an absolute logistical & political nightmare , not to mention inhumane , for those here or brits abroad to have to pack their bags and leave . 
  in all likeliness free movement would be maintained in some form in the event of an exit via trade & post-exit arrangements , or at the very least those already here would be given some kind of visa and allowed to stay . 
  agreed , there would be quiet reevaluation behind the scenes . 
  i 'm not saying they 'd follow the uk and decide to leave , but they might try and push the eu in a different direction . 
  they might decide that for the first time the eu should put economics before political integration , which has been the case up until now . 
  potentially doing well with free trade arrangement outside the eu ? 
  inb4 this gets downvoted to oblivion . 
   `` there are certainly some countries that are on the line , waiting to see how the eu develops . 
  if the uk were to leave , it could trigger some a chain reaction , '' there 's probably some amount of truth to this . 
  in the single market the liberal , pro free-trade nations are sometimes happy to let the uk take the flack for things when opposed by the more protectionist nations in the south or our good chums in france . 
  they wo n't say it out loud but they 'd probably be looking to see how well the uk fairs in arranging market access and how well it does afterwards , then considering if it 's a path they could follow or not . 
  multiple forecasts have the uk matching or taking over germany around 2030 . 
  i do n't think the buffer zone is needed these days , it 's symbolic more than anything :p, 
  should be noted that this is an opinion piece by wolfgang nowak who was a senior adviser to german chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der i completely disagree with the idea that we should help push greece out of the euro , - that 's none of our business and only the greeks should decide that . 
  just as it 's none of the continents business how brits vote in the coming referendum . 
  basically any country other than france or germany could leave without it completely falling apart . 
  it would change , but would still exist . 
  if one of those two were to leave though , that would be the end game for the eu as we know it . 
  i 'd like to see open discussion around the benefits and negatives of membership . 
  in reality what i 'm expecting is any article about the benefits of membership to be heavily upvoted and anything related to the downsides heavily downvoted . 
  i 've been thinking of starting a thread on this the past few days , but figured it would just be downvoted by the people i 'd be talking about . 
  media sources are just part of the issue - anything that is n't distinctly pro-eu ideology gets downvoted instantly on the `` new '' listings , some people on here simply wo n't tolerate another point of view on anything related to it . 
  this complete lack of political pragmatism has become very visible over the past couple of weeks , and i fear it will get far worse during the uk referendum campaign which will be a very heated debate . 
  on some subs you cant downvote , just upvote . 
  it would be an extreme move but might be needed if this sub keeps up the current trend of downvoting simply because it does n't fit your personal viewpoint , which is against the sub rules . 
  in reference to greece , maybe . 
  but certainly not in the uk , there 's next to no anti-german sentiment within eusceptism here . 
  uk and germany are very similar in many ways , we just disagree on political direction . 
  it was clear as day the eu was trying to force greeks to vote a certain way . 
  schulz outright called for the greek government to be replaced with technocrats . 
  this sub is n't really open to criticism of the eus actions , it will generally end in downvotes . 
  based on this and what fallon said in parliament last week ( he hinted at defense spending being reconsidered due to `` current situations '' or something along those line ) , it seems as though intelligence spending wo n't be included . 
  instead a new mini gold pot of # 1.5 bn will be setup , supposedly ontop of the 2 % minimum , which defence or intellegence can both take from if needed . 
  it 's soo cheeky and junker has a little smirk on him too . 
  despite their differences i bet these two could get smashed together and have some top notch banter . 
  check the guardian comments section on the live blog . 
  despite raising the minimum wage more than labour , the tories are still hitler and it 's once again the end of the world . 
  he might be a complete tool ( huehue ) but that does n't mean hes wrong on this . 
  the eu likes to bang on about democracy but sure as hell did n't like the greeks getting to decide something for themselves and did everything to force them towards voting a certain way . 
  any kind of `` negative '' opinion towards related subjects is generally downvoted on here ( even when skeptic 's warnings have come true ) , it 's not exactly a politically pragmatic sub . 
  i 'll read articles like these but it 's pointless to post it expecting non emotionally driven conversation . 
  and that was really just poor wording on his behalf . 
  the outrage over his recent statements would be nothing compared to the response created if he was to take the same tone during our referendum . 
  he crossed the line multiple times , worst of all when he called for the greek government to be brought down and replaced with a technocratic administration . 
  a government that had the landslide support of it 's national citizens . 
  i was fairly neutral on which way greece should vote , but the way this man acted and the interference radiating from the eu to try and bully greeks into voting a certain way was awful to see . 
  they deserved to get a big fat `` no '' even if no one knows what 's going to happen now . 
  farage and the likes will be dreaming about the same kind of outbursts during the uk referendum , maybe best to take schulz , junker & verhofstadt and lock them up in a basement until it all blows over . 
  sorry my brain instantly jumped to freedom of movement on this one . 
  but yes , bookies actually moved the odds of the uk leaving to be more likely than staying today . 
  exactly . 
  in an absolute worst case scenario , eu nationals here and brits abroad would be pardoned and allowed to stay . 
  to completely end freedom of movement would be chaotic on both sides . 
  i genuinely ca n't see the uk opting to being outside the eu without retaining strong links to the single market ( be it the norway option or the swiss approach ) , including freedom of movement . 
  if we 're being pragmatic ( something this sub lacks at times ) there 's next to zero chance . 
  even if the uk `` leaves '' the eu it will have some form of relationship centered around the single market which includes freedom of movement . 
  terms might be a little stricter depending on negotiations , but the fundamental right of being able to pack your bags and come here ( or leave for the mainland ) will be in place . 
  it 's a benefit to all . 
  that 's not quite the point . 
  it 's fine to have an opinion on something , but the author is pointing to how the eu and some nations are campaigning hard & putting huge pressure on greece to push voters towards voting yes ( and likely the downfall of the government ) , i.e actively interfering in a national referendum . 
  nothing new . 
  the eu put huge pressure on greece and italy when they floated the idea of euro referendums before . 
  there was other factors , but the eu absolutely played their part in those heads of governments being replaced . 
  syriza have been playing the deadliest game of poker in modern history and finally accepted that the eu is n't going to fold . 
  will most likely accept the deal and campaign for a yes vote . 
  tl ; dr , some are still a little butthurt that english became the dominant western language . 
  now some others have started doing it in a mocking way . 
  [ these tweets are brilliant ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jun/30/greek-debt-crisis-day-of-decision-for-tsipras#block-55926d99e4b01275a173c281 ) basically greece cant legally leave the eurozone without leaving the eu ... but they also ca n't legally be kicked out . 
  the government is campaigning for a no vote . 
  the answer given to solve any crisis in the eu is always '' * we need more europe * '' this will be no different . 
  the eu will use greece to try and speed up integration , `` we need more power to stop this from happening again '' or something along those lines . 
  now whether or not national parliaments will want to go along with it ... well that 's hard to tell . 
  i 'd say the situation is so rapid that polls at this point are unlikely to accurately reflect what greeks will do on polling day . 
  many probably do n't know themselves . 
  why ? 
  when you live in a big city like paris and london you just want to get from a to b as cheaply as you can . 
  technology has made that easier to do , and uber filled the whole in the market that people wanted . 
  times change .
