i remember coming home after a night out and started playing some online fps at about 4am . 
  i was blabbering so much shit and got into a chat with a brother and sister from greenland . 
  drunk me was amazed , it was like finding a unicorn, 
  farage wo n't be screaming , he will be giggling like a maniac . 
  this is exactly the kind of thing that will up his partys vote . 
  he will be absolutely delighted that this has happened . 
  this is going to cause a mini shit storm here . 
  the uk has made some very deep , controversial budget cuts over the past 4 years , which have caused big arguments . 
  just take the defence budget for example , its something most brits are proud of and its taken a big hit , thousands of soldiers jobs lost , surveillance planes scrapped , projection power neutered for the next few years ... and here comes the eu and says `` yeah , we 're gon na need you to hand over nearly 2 billion in the next few weeks lol '' . 
  except a new yougov poll today shows a majority for leaving if theres no change in the relationship . 
  also , voting to stay in does n't mean `` i like the eu '' . 
  i 'd vote to stay , but it 's more along the lines of grudging acceptance . 
  hopefully russia will annoy other eu nations to the point were capability is questioned , no major country here seems serious about maintaining , never mind increasing budgets . 
  they dont enter our airspace , they just come very close to it . 
  sometimes they will have came from other nato countries , at which point an raf aircraft takes over . 
  kind of like pass the parcel , where the parcel is a bomber . 
  i mean it may have initially been ukip rejecting the knp for being too far to the right , rather than them rejecting ukip for being too soft . 
  id be suprised if they didnt try and get another one or two meps from another country in case theres a repeat , but id assume they dont have many to choose from who make the fit . 
  do any nations `` test '' russias reaction times , or would that be imperialist western aggression against peaceful russia ? 
  might have been the other way around . 
  ukip are tame compared to the far right in some parts of europe . 
  [ bbc now have an article up ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-29692378 ), 
  tried finding a more neutral link but ca n't find it reported anywhere else as of this post . 
  indifferent is the word i use . 
  theres little to no emotional appeal/loyality to the project thats found on the continent , it 's really seen on a pros/cons basis here . 
  libdems have stopped saying the `` we will lose 3m jobs '' line , they tried it in the pre-eu election debates and got lynched for it . 
  no one was buying that bs anymore . 
  they 're now saying it will be a `` risk '' , which is rather more accurate . 
   german government is n't impressed with sarkozy 's comeback and does n't regard him as an ideal candidate to seek the presidency again , they said . 
  as important as germany is , it 's really none of merkels business who france elects to run their country . 
  that coupled with them not allowing efdd to have two group positions they qualified for due to their size , all this will do is increase ukip support back home . 
  did you actually read about what happened ? 
  because that has absolutely nothing to do with it . 
   the efdd said in a statement that ms grigule had been asked to resign from the group by martin schulz , chair of the european parliament , in order to become president of a delegation to kazakhstan . 
  they now need 1 mep from a 7th country to reform the group because of her leaving . 
  it was announced today that dc is going to demand the right to cap eu migration , farage isnt really your biggest problem atm :p, 
  so do they just need to find 1 mep from a country they do n't already have represented , or do they need to wait until a specific time until they can reform the group ? 
  `` you are n't one with the hivemind so no democracy for you '', 
  at the end of the day , france will pass a budget thats best for france , not whats best for the eurozone . 
  and as another article states , the eu ca n't really punish them with the new rules without hurting the economy or politically playing into le pens hands . 
  it might annoy greece/ireland/spain , but i genuinely ca n't see the eu trying to force any real change to frances 2015 budget . 
  it 's simply too big to boss around . 
  nah do n't listen to mr responsible adult here , keep going lads, 
  it 's good , bad , both or neither depending on your personal bias/interests/point of view . 
  and then they come back ... * 28 days later *, 
  you made me splutter my tea :(, 
  ha jeez , the referendum has n't happened yet and were already not counted as a european country . 
  imf predicts 3.2 % growth for uk this year and 2.7 % 2015 . 
  ah , an agreement between those participating . 
  at first i thought there might have been some kind of nato-russia agreement i hadnt heard of that forbid eu nations from pumping out their own next gen drones until after the 2030 date . 
  can you give more info on the no drones until 2030 agreement ? 
  the uk is working on it 's own stealth/combat drone called taranis ( celtic god of thunder ) , which has already been in test flights , but i believe it 's also slated for 2030 . 
  skeptisim is a bit more tolerated these days on here , but the sub is still rather biased towards the `` we want a federal europe '' circlejerk . 
  they do n't elect mps for the house of commons because apart from defence & foreign affairs , overseas territories rule themselves . 
  and he will probably get what he wants due to europe having no metaphorical balls . 
  sigh . 
  a few rebel mp 's dont make up the overwhelming majority of mps who will pass the bill . 
  and as long as england gets a fair deal , i.e some form of only english mps voting on purely english issues , most of the rebels will come around . 
  one referendum down , one to go . 
  except the next one involves ~ 64 million instead of 5 million ... it ' l be absolutely mental in the last week of the campaign . 
  the poll was based on asking people who had already voted . 
  irrelevant . 
  despite what putin seems to thinks , ukrane is a sovereign nation , not a russian vassal . 
  she should be able make deals with whoever the hell she wants without russia trying to dictate terms . 
  does the eu get a say in russias deals with china ? 
  at some point `` oh fuck off , mate '' needs to be said , or a continental equivalent . 
  jesus iceland , do you guys just really really hate sex or something, 
  imagine le pen as president , her and merkel sitting at the high table in the eu ... top banter that there . 
  thats not how asylum works though , you 're supposed to seek it in the nearest safe nation . 
  these people could have passed through multiple safe countries while trying to reach the uk . 
  maybe malta could have had it parked off its coast . 
  yep , but the final ( 7th ) astute-class sub wo n't be fully operational until 2024 . 
  only 2 are completed , 1 being fully opperational . 
  thats probably how it 's going to be , one at sea at all times unless in an emergency . 
  the navy has some top notch stuff coming into play like the type 45 and new subs , but it 'll be years before it has all of it . 
  for those unaware , the uk is currently building two huge beasts , but after the 2010 defence budget cuts it looked as if only one would go into service , with the second being sold off . 
  looks like both will be entering uk forces now . 
  i have a feeling it is to appease those criticising the government/mod for going to far with the cuts . 
  remember this is n't just ground troops , it 's a combined rapid force of ground , sea and air . 
  it 's not designed to directly take on the red bear , but to hold ground and give time for the larger forces to mobilise . 
  it 's to be expected until other nato nations start pulling their weight . 
  i would n't be against the uk slightly increasing it 's budget given recent events spanning from europe to isreal , but all the signs point to another budget cut in 2015 , letting it fall to the 2.0 % mark or even slightly below it . 
  is this for the smaller rapid spearhead force , or the larger 10k reaction force the uk is going to lead ? 
  ** edit : - ** i 've looked into it , this is for the spearhead force which will be 4000 strong . 
  the uk will provide 1000 men for it , and 2500 men for other exercices in eastern europe . 
  [ the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/11075380/woman-beheaded-in-north-london-garden.html ) is now reporting that locals have told them he had converted too islam last year , and one line of inquiry is if the isis beheadings inspired him . 
  i hope he really was just some lone crazy person without the islam link , tensions are high enough as it is in the uk and this will just add fuel to the fire . 
   absolutley no information is known about the cause of death . 
  apart from the guy caught with a machete . 
  pretty much all the news sources are saying beheading . 
  at this point in an incident it 's normal for officials not to announce specifics . 
  the same thing happened at the last beheading , officials didnt go into specifcs until well after everyone knew what had gone down . 
  political correctness gone to far has caused it . 
  in the uk simply voicing any kind of concerns about it can get you branded a racist , despite the recent school & rape revelations . 
  i pitty anyone who lives in london on minimum wage work , it 's a ridiculously expensive city to be living in . 
  my line of work generally pays 2x - 3x a fulltime minimum wage depending on experience and i still would n't live there . 
  its a mix of all of that . 
  the biggest beef people have is the culture clash , though for some immigrants their culture and religion are intertwined . 
  some communities simply have n't integrated , and with the recent serious revelations people are starting to voice annoyances with it ( though things are still being brushed under the rug ), 
  this time it 's serious .
