  the wording of the letter will be ** super ** tough , and merkel will be forced to veto it . 
  the tl : dr * 1,000 regular russian troops * up to 100 main battle tanks * 80 armoured personnel carriers * 100 shoulder-launched missile weapons * 500 anti-tank weapons * more than 100 artillery pieces, 
  it happens regularly , it 's just not reported on most times due to being a common event . 
  the government here has been very careful with their words since this crisis started , always saying there would be no `` boots on the ground '' ( except for special forces ) but never ruling out force by air . 
  i 'd guess it will only be a matter of time before the raf and other nations join the us in targeted strikes . 
  exactly . 
  tokenism is complete bullshit . 
  this really does n't surprise me at all . 
  there is a clear , small section of the muslim community in the uk who do n't actually want to live as if they 're in a modern european nation , they want to change it to suit them . 
  they have no intention of fully integrating , they want to live as if they 're somewhere in the middle east having their entire life dictated by a bs religion . 
  or , you know , cheap labour from less well off parts of europe . 
  it 's been reported for the past week or so that it looked as if russia was going to send in forces under the `` humanitarian '' banner . 
  more like the `` we do n't want ukraine to take back its own territory '' banner . 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  at the end of the day , she was a token appointment based on her ethnicity rather than ability . 
  it 's not just that . 
  the headline makes it out to be conservative policy to leave the eu no matter what , which is bs . 
  it 's a report looking to the future , not government policy . 
  i was just about to post details from the guardian article but it 's pretty much the same info . 
  the business insider article is pretty shoddy . 
  list them . 
  genuinely interested in knowing how you think their culture has made countries in europe better places . 
  there just seems to be a growing division between those of strict religious backgrounds and the modern , secular/non religious european lifestyle . 
  at least in western/northern europe . 
  very misleading headline and article . 
  this is based on a report produced by boris johnsons economic advisor , looking ahead 20 years at a few different scenarios . 
  it shows london within a heavily reformed eu will grow the most . 
  however , it also predicts a london outside the eu would come a close second , doing much better than staying within an unreformed eu . 
  politicians and some companies said business & investment would leave the uk if it did n't join the euro ... what happened in the end ? 
  the complete opposite . 
  investment went up . 
  it 's all down to the business friendly environment a nation has , full eu membership is only one factor of many to be considered . 
  nope . 
  even in a potentially serious situations the folks on board still managed to be light hearted about it, 
  i love everything about this . 
  you 're doing a fairly good job of it yourself with that kind of comment . 
  going purely on spending is being incredibly naive . 
  and more so , if you actually read what they said , the concern they had was over the `` new '' forms of warfare russia is using in ukraine . 
  i doubt any country will be allowed to default even if it wanted to . 
  greece could probably have defaulted without causing too much damage to the eurozone as a whole , but anything larger would be deemed too much of a risk and bailed out indefinitely by the tax payer of other eurozone nations . 
  you say this as if irish nationalists are all perfect little snow flakes who have never caused any trouble . 
  theres complete fuckwits on both sides . 
  both names are used but typhoon is more common . 
  not quite . 
  they 're poor at , say , ship building , but know their shit in other areas such as ground to air defence . 
  just doing his bit for queen & country . 
  they will be aiming to `` take back '' as much as possible of the ukip vote at the next election , so i assume that will be a factor at play aswell . 
  for non uk readers there 's a `` shuffle '' currently happening in the uk gov. 
  some mp 's are leaving the gov , some are moving to different positions , some new mp 's will be promoted . 
  hague is leaving front line politics in 2015 , so has stepped down to an easier job for the remainder of his term . 
  ukip are far from being the most right wing party in the uk ... they 're just the most to the right that people actually vote for in real numbers . 
  the party itself is liberal/right , but among their voters there 's also quite a strong socialist-nationalist streak , which normally roots from the left . 
  the right wing tag generally just comes from the anti-mass immigration message the party has . 
  it 's pathetic that these votes are allowed to be done via a secret ballot . 
  it makes sense when much of nato is n't pulling it 's weight . 
  even the uk might drop below the 2 % mark in the future if the government does n't invest in defence . 
  not a chance of it happening though , france is n't going to kill its relationship with russia over this . 
  tomorrows news : usa discovers terrorist threat in belgium . 
  and oil . 
  good for france . 
  those who wear it in public are just showing a massive lack of integration in the western world . 
  i 'm all for religious/cultural freedoms in private , but in public it is completely out of place here , and is at odds with the huge majority of citizens who do n't live a life dictated by religious bullshit . 
  it 's basically `` fuck your culture , i 'm going to live as if i 'm half way across the world '' . 
  he was 100 % expecting it . 
  the vote was just to officially `` put it on the books '' that he opposed junker 's nomination , as his views on the eu 's direction are completely at odds with the bulk of the british public . 
  this way he can say `` hey , i do n't like the guy either and it was n't me he put him in power '' . 
  it 's kinda scary that a country like saudi arabia has a larger defence budget than any country in europe . 
  they recently overtook the uk . 
  there was a few forcast reports released last year , looking ahead to the medium/long term in europe ( from about 2030 - 2050 ) . 
  they varied a bit , but they all had germany/uk/france still being the dominant countries in europe by a fair margin . 
  if their forcasts are correct , france & germany will become rather even in the long term , mainly because of population changes . 
  germanys population is predicted to decline , while frances is set to grow and boost it 's overall economy size . 
  the uk is predicted to leap frog both of them in terms of population & economy size for the same reasons . 
  just you wait poland , when you get enough monies we will come take yurr jeerrbbsss, 
  labour party politician posts spin on rival conservative party politicians spin , shocker . 
  `` shithole '' is pretty much all i hear when talking about any chavy town . 
  as the article pretty much says , it wo n't happen . 
  with nation states slashing their budgets , there 's zero chance of them coughing up more money to the eu . 
  but hollande knows this . 
  it 's just the direction of travel he 's trying to set in motion, 
  ukip want an exit , but their group is a mixed bag in terms of how sceptic each party is . 
  their italian partners for example do n't want to leave the eu , but want a referendum on leaving the euro . 
  roughly 3 million jobs ( no matter how minor ) are in some way related to * trade * with eu nations . 
  the idea that trade would come to a stop and 3 million jobs would disappear is fanciful at best . 
  i do n't think the uk will leave the eu , but if it ever did some kind of trade arrangement would be struck . 
  the eu exports more to the uk than the us , those businesses ( and those in the uk ) are going to want business to continue as normal . 
  they 're not talking about cooperating here , they 're talking about taking the keys from the nation state and handing them to the eu . 
  i 'm sure there will be military integration * someday * , but it wo n't be any time soon . 
  it will be the last thing to see some form of merging within the eu ( or what ever federal setup it is by then ) , due to it being directly connected to the last line of a nations sovereignty . 
  '' * another idea is to shift the control of industrial and technological assets away from national governments to a new system at the eu level . 
  * '' yeah . 
  that is n't going to happen . 
  i do n't mind if it happens as long as the uk is n't part of it . 
  there 's a tiny minority here who like the idea of the use , but the vast majority are overwhelmingly against the uk being part of it . 
  we can be the use 's offshore hat . 
  support for the euro in the uk peaked at about ~ 30 % for , ~ 60 % against , ~ 10 % not sure . 
  even during its best years there was no chance of it being voted for in the uk . 
  during the eurocrisis it 's support did indeed fall into single digits . 
  i do n't think there 's been much in the way of polling on it since then as the idea of the uk actually joining it is simply a non-starter . 
  ... but if the public are happy with the possible `` renegotiations '' , the vote flips and people wish to stay .
