  even in libya , which was supposed to be a joint mission co-lead by the uk & france , america still did ~ 50 % of the work and had to supply the others with ammunition . 
  and thats libya , no offence , but it 's a backwater country . 
  ca n't in the slightest bit compare it to the might of russia . 
  without us protection , if it came down to war , there is n't jack shit europes military powers could do against russia . 
  our tech might be top tier , but the hardware & battle ready troop numbers are miniscule . 
  the uks ( i 'm not sure about frances ) capablities are built around being able to deliver harsh , strategic strikes in times of need and small overseas operations at fairly short notice , but the capability for full out war without support just is n't there anymore . 
  this sub is hilarious when any form of positive news regarding the uk is discussed . 
  clearly 100 % lies , those pesky brits with their non-federalist nature ca n't possibly have anything good happen to them . 
  and just to point out , this is n't the only report released with these trends , others have been released around the same time with similar findings . 
  they 've all said that the ageing population of germany ( and it 's predicted to decrease in size ) will slow it 's growth , while the uk is set to do the opposite because of a heavily increasing population . 
  france is also predicted to grow faster than germany for similar reasons to the uk over the medium/long term , but at a slower pace . 
  just a few days before this an eu membership poll showed a majority in favour of leaving . 
  it 's been about 50/50 for the past few years , these polls are pointless until we actually know if a referendum is going to happen . 
  he 's spot on . 
  anyone in the uk with any general pragmatic sense knows labour have next to zero chance of winning under him . 
  his backers will live in a bubble for the next 5 years , assured they 're going to win and ignoring anyone who says otherwise ... just to whinge on the guardian when the tories are returned to government with an even larger majority . 
  20 min walk , 1 hour train , 6 min walk . 
  then reverse that for home journey . 
  i would 've assumed the goal of most raf strikes were n't aimed at taking out the is fighters themselves ( outside of high ranked targets ) , but the infrastructure they use . 
  he was voted in by the hard left side of labour . 
  he does n't have the support of his own mps , nevermind the uk electorate at large . 
  his supporters will live in a bubble with zero pragmatic sense of what the uk voter base will actually vote for , until he ultimately crashes harder than miliband or gets replaced . 
  ireland just successfully came out of a bailout program after a big downturn , of course it 's going to boom for a while . 
  not in anyway downplaying the good growth , just keeping things in perspective . 
  oh i didnt get you wrong , just explaining why jail was n't exactly an option . 
  when explaining the decision , cameron said they were in a part of syria with no government rule , with no way of having them brought back through an official authority . 
  so this was the only realistic way of eliminating the threat . 
  this post needs to be eternally stickied . 
  he 's an mep , not an mp . 
  actually thousands of syrian refugees have came to the uk since 2011 . 
  we also give over # 900 million in aid to syrian refugee camps , more than any other eu nation . 
  but please , do n't let facts get in the way of your uniformed hatred for the uk . 
  true , and a lot of commenters also lack pragmatism and have negative circle jerk opinions of the uk that are n't based in reality . 
  it just stems from the fact that the uk is eurosceptic nation and this board is very pro-eu . 
  yes , brand a whole nation because of one persons clickbait comment . 
  shall i brand all of slovakia bigoted morons because of your moronic , uninformed comment ? 
  that 's just ... father & son activity time . 
  they use little satan for the uk as well sometimes , and old fox ( crafty ) . 
  apparently some there actually believed that the uk was the brain pulling the strings behind us actions because americans are * `` too dumb '' * . 
  you want the uk to do the exact opposite of what the uk wants ? 
  there 's next to zero appetite in the uk for a euro defence force . 
  nato and a close military alliance with the us is paramount . 
  old fox , little satan , they need to make up their minds with these devious names . 
  i 'd guess standing alone against nazi germany and the axis powers for a year ( while horribly unprepared ) until the allies joined in would be a prouder moment for most brits . 
  bit of a difference between the fn and conservatives , a better comparison would be voters lying about their support for the bnp ( who are now all but dead , thankfully ) . 
  as an outsider i can see the fn gaining more seats and general popularity , but do n't think the french people would give her the presidency unless there 's a serious rupture in the eu relations . 
  if syriza are re-elected , how difficult will it be for them to win votes in parliament without these mps on their side ? 
  will they be reliant on opposition votes all the time as they were with the bailout deal ? 
  in terms of british politics as a whole , centrist with no real party loyalty . 
  tend towards pragmatism based on practical policies instead of party tribalism/ideology . 
  if you think the uk leaving the eu is suddenly going to lead to a happy united states of europe with a common foreign policy that everyone is happy with ... you really are just a tad deluded . 
  we only have to look at libya to see big political differences within the eu not involving the uk . 
  france was seriously pissed ( behind the scenes ) because germany refused to help in the conflict . 
  all of the big eu states have their own strategic interests , not just the uk , and that 's not going to change anytime soon . 
  a unified eu military implies you already have a unified foreign policy , unified national interests , unified goals . 
  no to that , yes to eu nations taking defense more seriously , and yes to meeting the spending target within the alliance so they 're not so reliant on the us . 
  our weather is, 
  surely russia should n't care unless they plan on sending a missile in this general direction ... 
   * their opinion is different from mine , therefor it 's silly *, 
  says the guy who won three straight elections . 
  he might be a war monger , but hes right in that corbyn has absolutely zero chance of winning in 2020 . 
  he will be rejected harder than miliband . 
  i read that as * `` person sells economist group stake '' * and thought the bbc had taken neutral , vague headlines to a whole new level . 
  honestly , i think purely from an electability standpoint he 's probably the worst of the three main tory candidates . 
  he 's clearly very good at the political `` game '' but he still has that kind of ... sleezy public image that is n't exactly pm friendly . 
  not saying he could n't win of course , he 's better than anything labours offering and will have the experience of seeing the country though a tough time . 
  a party split is a small but realistic possibility . 
  there will almost certainly be a coup to have him removed , but that could force the hard left or right of labour to flee the party depending on the outcome . 
  he 's just the typical lefty apologist in the uk who generally hate everything about the place . 
  do n't worry , he wo n't get anywhere near being pm . 
  his supporters will live in their own little bubble for the next 5 years , assured that he will romp to victory in 2020 ... just to whinge on the guardian comment sections when he crashes harder than miliband . 
  he may as well be a tory plant , he will all but assure at least 10 years of conservative government unless there 's a huge crisis . 
  really , a topic about 1500 people running into the euro tunnel and a man dieing is removed by a mod because it should have been in here ? 
  that crisis is about far more than just immigration , it effects businesses , holiday makers , and to an extent uk/france relations . 
  it was deserving of it 's own thread . 
  freedom missiles are expensive, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles god damn those long standing facts , right ? 
  some people do n't do factual geography when it 's against their nation state prejudices . 
  are the missing chunks part of the art `` style '' , or is this how he actually thought the islands were shaped ? 
  it 's interesting either way . 
  they also seem to have played a big game of worms world party with all those circular chunks blown out of the islands . 
  british isles + scandinavia looks like a standard mmo world map . 
  for my social group : - few pre-drinks at a house , move to a bar around 11pm , then to a club around 12:30 am . 
  it 's really just an elaborate plot to sneak attack the argies from behind for x4 . 
  our voting system goes a long to stopping that . 
  under pr ukip would have gotten ~ 80 mps . 
  also depends on how you define eurosceptic . 
  there 's plenty of mps in the conservative & labour party who would class themselves as sceptics without wanting outright withdrawal . 
  u wot m8 , we need one of our new aircraft carriers and a trident sub out there to protect the [ glorious pacific empire ] ( http://www.zalmo.com/pitcairn_island2.png ), 
  a couple of banks have said they would `` reassess '' their uk operations if the uk was to leave the eu ( we do n't know what that would even mean yet in terms of the post-exit trade relationship ) . 
  in reality if an exit happened the uk would do everything it can to make london attractive as possible for the financial sector , in order to offset any possible benefit of moving to the continent . 
  not to mention single market access would be negotiated in some form or it would be damaging on both sides . 
  and just to point out , the uk wide financial sector is about 9 % of uk gdp , or to flip that around 90 % of our gdp has nothing to do with the financial sector . 
  still a load of money obviously , but the country is n't nearly as reliant on it as this sub likes to think . 
  it 's not the amount , it 's the principle . 
  dc got a * political * guarantee that said non euro states cash would n't be used to bail out the euro states , which is now being discarded . 
  it 's an issue because it 's the same kind of gurantee dc want 's before the referendum , along the lines of * `` we promise to implement these treaty changes at some vague point in the future '' * if the efsm promise is discarded , it 's hard for him to say future treaty changes would n't be discarded after the referendum as well . 
  huehuehue , ca n't wait for the governments weasel words when they try to explain this one . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  if owen jones wants to leave i 'm voting to stay in .
