  `` tradional '' taxi companies need to adapt and make their services more appealing . 
  in theory as the eurozone picks up work related immigration should drop , but its unpredictable when that might happen . 
  i 'm a liberal eusceptic and do n't mind mainlanders coming here to work but our infrastructure ( housing/rent prices ) are certainly struggling to cope with how fast our population is increasing . 
  quick stats  natural growth ( births minus deaths ) - 226,200  net migration - 259,700  a quarter of births were to mothers born outside the uk, 
  they have him as an mp , about 25 meps and hundreds of local council seats . 
  he 's a strange mp . 
  very eurosceptic , but has views outside of the eu that also appeal to pro-eu voters . 
  hes pro-voting reform , pro-digital democracy , liberal minded when it comes to immigration ( not very anti-immigration like most of ukip ) , very pro-market but anti-corporatist which he sees as stamping over democracy ( thus this article ) . 
  can confirm , spend 5 days a week working on vr stuff at a game studio . 
  left side is the fast lane !, 
  only for use by those who need to be somewhere 10 minutes ago , or for people who do n't like being around other people . 
  basically 90 % of british adults . 
  stand still on the left side of an escalator or jump a queue . 
  we will silently judge you . 
  you seem to misunderstand . 
  the british parliament could n't veto anything by itself , the idea is if a * number * of parliaments ( id assume at least 30 % ) do n't like what the eu is proposing then they can clump togethet to say no to it . 
  as you can see not one of them is a fundamental change to the eu , just tweaks and a continuation of whats already happening . 
  so you 'll have to wait before claiming benefits ( most move to work so that 's not a problem ) , have a look at regulation that could be holding back growth , make sure euro and non euros are equals in the single market , and a symbolic gesture of removing the uk from `` ever closer union '' ( everyone knows the uk is already past the limit of political integration it 's comfortable with ) even the final point of letting a number of national parliaments clump together to say `` non '' to something would be rarely used , and if enough national governments do n't like something then it probably should n't have been proposed in the first place . 
  huehuehue , if this is a sign of things to come the referendum here should be hilarious . 
  current forces in motion or unknown ones of the future may force it to morph in ways , shrink or take a different direction , but i highly doubt there 's any chance of it completely disintegrating . 
  seeing your neighbour being actively invaded via hybrid warfare is n't paranoia . 
  the `` we do n't have a threat '' argument has caused the downfall of many over history . 
  the uk made a drastic mistake and almost fell because it didnt re-arm after ww1 , thinking germany was tamed & appeased . 
  then the whole ww2 thing happened . 
  the point of defence is to be ready for any potential threats in the future ( to the best of the nations ability ) . 
  no one knows what the future holds , and you just ca n't whip up an elite military with ships , planes and skilled troops overnight . 
  `` punishing '' greece for leaving the eurozone , a relationship that is n't working for them , would be incredibly childish and would hurt the eurozones image . 
  i know there 's plenty on here that would want to see greece hurt , but thankfully ( or at least i 'd hope ) , the grownups in charge would be pragmatic about it . 
  that golf cart is adorable . 
  aww that 's kind of adorable , it 's like when your gf wo n't text back because she 's still mad at you . 
  on rt ? 
  is proofs . 
  woah calm down , there 's no need to be vulgar, 
  at least five more proofs, 
  ridiculous , no one is being blackmailed . 
  he said that without reforms , the uk public may well vote to leave the union . 
  simple as that . 
  i thought the fn wanted france out of the euro , but not necessarily completely out of the eu ... or is their position not exactly clear on the matter ? 
  even if topics are n't directly linked to their actions in ukraine , the fact it 's happening causes a fallout that makes topics regarding russia popular/interesting in general . 
  expect the same to happen with uk related topics as the referendum approaches . 
  well , when a large nation is actively dicking over a much weaker nation on the edge of the eu it 's going to be a popular topic . 
  despite the reductions it 's still the biggest defence budget in europe ( excl russia ) , with some rather nice toys in the works . 
  it 's true that the british public are very against intervention right now though ( in comparison to how we normally are ) , natural fatigue from the huge attack on iraq , it 's fallout and the long campaign in afgan . 
  i 'm not sure what will happen with the overall spending in the current government . 
  i believe the chancellor will want to cut it a bit more , but will come under huge pressure to keep it at the bare minimum of 2 % . 
  will just have to see how things play out after the next national defence review . 
  and that 's exactly what he wants to change about the free movement rules . 
  not end the `` free movement '' part , but end the quick access to benefits . 
  for example , lets say you 're in a low paid job - you can then qualify for a range of benefits to top it up . 
  what cameron wants to do is make it so these ca n't be claimed before a number of years being here . 
  not once has dave said he wants to end free movement , thats just a circle jerk on here . 
  he wants to make it near impossible to claim any kind of work related benefits , but that does n't touch on the principle of free movement . 
  what he wants is free movement but with the need to support yourself . 
  just england & wales iirc . 
  maybe it 's because i live in a uni town with a lot of `` go getter '' young adults in the 19 - 30 age bracket , but most people i know ( especially the guys ) are in the gym for fitness or weight lifting . 
  it 's really not that hard to cook with fresh ingredients and exercise/workout a few days each week . 
  damn those sneaky brit ... oh wait, 
  build the largest wooden viking ship the world has ever seen . 
  a single type 45 in the area is enough to force them to keep their entire air force on the ground , and thats backed up by a nuclear powered sub and a few typhoons which vastly outclass anything they have . 
  even without a carrier it would be suicide for them to try anything . 
  they would lose so much just trying to reach the islands , going up against whats nothing more than a trigger force . 
  can confirm , was hanging out my arse on sunday morning, 
  why were the other threads about it deleted ? 
  a 4 pack of tescos cidre i got for # 2.40, 
  waiting on gordon brown to call them north korea . 
  this will just be more fuel for ukip here , clearly cutting defence spending will pretending not to . 
  it wo n't fool anyone . 
  theres been multiple reports over the last few years giving future forecasts for the economies of europe , the uk overtaking germany around 2030 is a standard theme . 
  declining german population and increasing uk population was the biggest factor iirc . 
  you 're not supposed to send actual talent , thats against the spirit of things . 
  nah , it 's definitely our fault that people let their entire lives be dictated by a backwards ideology . 
  guy verhofstadt will have a heart attack if he reads this . 
  and this country wants to join the eu . 
  no thanks , join the 21st century first please . 
  a vote for afd , for many , probably was n't actually a vote for afd . 
  it was a protest vote against current policies and the mainstream government . 
  thanks for the sticky mod . 
  should be good , farage & clegg are both good speakers . 
  they clashed before in the run-up to the last eu elections with polls showing farage winning both encounters , but this is n't one on one . 
  pro-eu or brexiter , lets enjoy the * banter * . 
   unemployment benefits nice try but this is n't about unemployment benefits , it 's about in-work benefits such as tax-credits which is more costly for the public purse in the uk than the jobseekers allowance . 
   reciprocal the pm * wants * it to be , so any eu nation can do the same . 
  it 's a few eastern eu countries that are saying no , this should only apply to the uk , because their citizens take low paid jobs in the west . 
  anyway , the entire things a meaningless sham . 
  most people here are n't that bothered by eu migrants taking a few extra thousand in in-work benefits , they 're bothered by the net number of people coming here and roughly 50 % of new jobs going to non british citizens . 
  the pm is trying to claim by reducing benefits less people will come , but no one believes it . 
  people come here because it 's easy to find work and they 'll get paid more than they do in the east even without tax credits , not to mention the significant minimum wage boost that 's happening soon . 
  of course it 's in germany 's interest , together we take the blame for everything . 
  unilaterally no . 
  sometimes part of nato air patrols in specific areas around the baltics but that 's as close as it gets . 
  russia does this to test response times , and to try and remind `` europe '' that it 's militarily relevant . 
  lizzie ai n't going anywhere m8 , she will outlive us all . 
  america will be made great again . 
  if he secretly wants the uk to leave , yeah trying to tell brits what to do is a great plan, 
  we 're not part of the eurozone . 
  uk has been saying for years the eurozone should integrate more for stability if it 's what the area wants to do . 
  it 's all the other euro members that france & germany need to convince , not us . 
  such a change would likely require treaty change & referendums in certain countries , so they 'd need to convince the people as well ... or just make them vote again . 
  it 's absolutely censoring topical discussion on * their * website . 
  what other news outlets do is up to them .
