  public debate means it 's inevitable that a small minority will take things to far , but that 's still far better than complete censorship . 
  the guardian can now push it 's own agenda from its viewpoint and people can no longer ( easily ) discuss the issue directly , be it in agreement , disagreement or generally probing the topic . 
  it 's basically admitting that they do n't want people talking about certain issues and would rather sweep it under the rug . 
  in other words they want to set the narrative without people being able to voice a different opinion or call them out on bias . 
  would love to know why i was downvoted for stating a fact . 
  standard / r/europe . 
   open travel-based agreements uk & ireland already have this agreement outside of the eu . 
  in the slim chance that no freedom of movement is agreed in a post brexit uk & eu relationship , irish citizens will still be free to move & work in the uk just as you do now and vise versa . 
  it 's a strange viewpoint from here . 
  we do n't like change either , but it feels like germany would literally need to be nuked & invaded before germans as a whole would even consider voting someone else into power . 
  the guy is doing everything in his power to help the tories stay in number 10 for 15 years straight . 
  off pretty quickly . 
  slipper usage is mixed . 
  personally i have these rocking memory foam ones , so comfy . 
  it 's like having kittens strapped to your feet . 
  we 're probably a close second just behind russia on this sub . 
  marks the 400th anniversary of william shakespeare 's death . 
  there was a few other new designs , but this was easily my favourite . 
  no , no . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  only rain and gloom for the uk . 
  potential good news for the uk is clearly 100 % fabricated lies . 
  i 'm on the ropes but this pantomime negotiation is pushing me towards out . 
  i 'd rather they were just honest and the pm said * `` yeah nothing 's really gon na change , but i 'm going to campaign to stay in anyway '' *, 
  another poll out tonight ( by survation ) has it at : -  remain 40 % ( -2 ) , leave 42 % ( +2 ) so it does seem to be pretty much 50/50 right now . 
  germany might be to `` blame '' , but i do n't blame her . 
  she 's the de facto leader of the eu , and used her influence to do what was best for germany . 
  any nation in that kind of position would have done the same . 
  if other countries were willing to go along with the path germany set for the eurozone , well ... that 's their problem . 
  and you have to think beyond that . 
  it would be a step towards a time when the eu could essentially be able to use security forces in an eu nation , * even if the nation did n't want it * . 
  the 2000 number seems small , but it 's baby steps . 
  it would still set a major precedent for the future . 
   could be deployed if it deems that a member state is in need of help to police its frontiers ** even without the eu country 's consent ** i agree a force could be useful but do n't see how any nation could accept it given the bold part . 
  dangerous precedent to set . 
  a few months ago there was leaked reports of a fake argument ( both sides in on it ) planned to make it seem like cameron had pulled off a hard victory , when in reality the changes are minimal . 
  i would n't be surprised if something along those lines was really set to happen . 
  it will happen . 
  corbyn will be forced to allow his mps a free vote - if he does n't the chance of shadow cabinet rebellions & resignations is 100 % and he wo n't risk that already . 
  quick stats : - * total immigration - 636,000 * emigration - 300,000 * net migration - 336,000 * net eu immigration - 180,000 * net rest of the world - 201,000 edit : - does anyone know why the total eu + rest of the world figure ( 381,000 ) is higher than the official net figure given ( 336,000 ) ? 
  whats being deducted ? 
  the net figures given for eu & outside the eu as blocks already have uk nationals deducted , so i do n't think it 's just brits returning being wiped off . 
  anyone know ? 
  ca n't find a reason on the bbc , guardian or the [ official release ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/november-2015/sty-net-migration.html ) , unless i 'm missing something really obvious, 
  of course , russia just has a strong record of recent bullshitting in regards to what their forces apparently are n't doing . 
  i do n't think any nation would lightly take the decision to down a russian jet , unless there was a genuine security threat from being within their territory . 
  could be wrong , but i 'll give turkey the benefit of the doubt until the picture is more clear . 
   the plane had n't violated turkish airspace sure m8 just like you did n't violate ukraine 's territory, 
  i cracked up when they offered to send her the `` keep the falklands british '' t-shirts . 
   and that number has been known since 2006 138 was what the mod initially wanted , but that was slashed a couple of times down to just 48 because of the recession . 
  given that some planes would be in service , the carriers would be left well short of their full firepower potential with those numbers . 
  and yeah i 'd assume they 're not all for the carriers , but it 's a significant boost for them . 
  the government confirmed it would be fully operational in the last spending announcements from the chancellor . 
  it 's went from being sold , to being mothballed , to just being used for training , to now having them both as operation ready carriers . 
  it 's in trials but i would n't class it as `` ready '' if you get what i mean . 
  not since the last one was scrapped in the last defence review , the new ones are still being worked on . 
  being a huge order this is a long term purchase . 
  each carrier can have about 40 on them at full load on a war footing , though under normal conditions there would just be 12 - 24 iirc . 
  the plan it seems is to have a pool of 24 to start with and then steadily ramp up to 138 . 
  oh of course surface-to-air defence ships are essential for such an operation , just did n't know the rn was filling that role for the group . 
  was this thanks to the uk-french defence pact ? 
  it 's a fairly new ship ( commissioned 2013 ) so must be a recent thing , or were other type 45 's being used before her ? 
  did n't know we were sending a type 45 to protect it ( air defence ) . 
  do n't think there 's much chance of isis popping over in fighter jets but better safe than sorry i guess . 
  i do n't know much about them , other than that they want to leave the euro ( iirc ) . 
  what `` extremist '' policies do they have ? 
  if cameron can get the conservative rebels to come around to supporting it , it 's technically irrelevant how the other parties vote . 
  he 'd probably not win over * all * the rebels though , so might need a few labour mps to vote with the government in the worst case . 
  in all likelyness , i can see a good number of labour mps denying the whip by abstaining , and some outright supporting strikes , giving the government a healthy enough majority . 
   * this person 's opinion is different to mine so no one should pay attention to it *, 
  petitions like this are ridiculous because they 'll never get further than a discussion between mps , and more than likely just chucked out . 
  same with the butthurt lefty petition calling for a vote of no confidence on cameron , they do n't seem to know how the parliamentary system works . 
  completely stopping immigration is n't going to happen . 
  we need more rigorous checks on who 's coming in , especially amongst refugees - though that clearly goes for every western nation now . 
  the tipping point has been reached . 
  if france called it , i 'd guess the response would be a modern equivalent of * you have my axe * i do n't think anti-nato corbyn in the uk would even try and stand in the way . 
  genuinely feel an incoming article 5 . 
  just getting geared up for when the uk leaves '' * europe * '', 
  for context , ireland & the uk have a bilateral agreement outside of the eu . 
  in the eyes of uk law , an irish citizen in the uk is seen as a british citizen and vise versa . 
  the only difference ( iirc ) is that british citizens ca n't vote in irish presidential elections - because the uk does n't have an equivalent . 
  these bilateral agreements are why they would be excluded from the proposed changes . 
  that 'll be the spin if the uk votes the * wrong way *, 
  le pen wants huge changes for france . 
  cameron wants tinkering at the edges , while pretending to want massive changes in a pantomime negotiation which can then be re-branded as `` associate membership '' . 
  he ran an anti-euro currency campaign mostly , and considering the antics of the past few years and current problems , he was pretty damn justified . 
   * privately , eu officials concede that downing street 's shopping list is quite modest and easily negotiable , but they do not say so publicly for fearing of stirring resentment among british eurosceptics . 
  * this sums up the pantomime feeling to me . 
  if we 're being pragmatic ( i know that 's not easy for some ) , these `` demands '' really do n't amount to much and some were already going to happen anyway . 
  for better or worse , there 's absolutely no fundamental change on the table here . 
  it also officially signals the uks support for more euro area integration if that 's what the block wants ( which it 's been verbally supporting for years despite being accused of holding back integration on here ), 
  i can see why some would like it to be smaller , but i 'd rather the financial sector come down in ratio because of * other sectors growing * . 
  wanting a sector to drop in size , and thus a lower tax base for the uk to fund itself with , makes little pragmatic sense to me . 
  it 's big , but lets not exaggerate it . 
  it 's 8 - 9 % of uk gdp . 
  to flip that around , 92 % of uk gdp is n't from the financial hub . 
  thankfully , he wo n't get anywhere near being pm . 
  the corbyn bubble is going to burst in 2020 , the pent up denial of his supporters surging out in a tidal wave of tears on the guardian comment sections . 
  jesus christ the comments in here are a superb mix of toxic & outright uniformed delusion ... and the campaign has n't even started yet . 
  [ did some picking , it seems like it was a green in the south west who gained with help from aife ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-27572233 ),
