  even if the unknown could bear fruits it 's a risk many wo n't take . 
  there 's always that new russian lead eurasian economic union if you fancy a change, 
  there 's a few of them on here , any excuse to attack the uk . 
  they seem completely incapable of looking at things pragmatically , and genuinely think the uk would sink to the bottom of the ocean outside political union with the eu . 
  poor deluded fellows . 
  i 've not decided . 
  it 's more professional than leave.eu , but it 's also very much the * `` establishment '' * group which will make some voters wary of it being a stitch up . 
  i bet these officials get secret banter lessons . 
  to be fair to ukip they 're far from fn levels of right wing . 
  the uk has been saying for years that the eurozone , the bulk of the eu , should integrate more if it would help governance of the euro area . 
  however it should n't be forced on those that do n't want it do n't blame the uk for other countries unwillingness for treaty change . 
  latest from sources are saying the referendum is no longer happening next year , pushed back to 2017 because cameron feels the little changes he can get by 2016 will have the uk vote to leave , which he does n't want . 
  i 'd hazard a wild guess that a fair chunk of people on the mainland wish their government took a similar approach , rather than following the german line . 
  where is proofs ? 
  need more proofs . 
  at least 10 proofs . 
  it 's just a. . . tactical retreat . 
  all part of the great plan , which will be revealed when the new carriers are ready and the argies try something silly . 
  just to point out he 's leading one of many campaign groups , not the * official * out campaign . 
  the electoral commission has to delegate the official in & out campaigns ( which these smaller groups will then fall under ) , so the current headline might be a little misleading for non brit 's . 
  it 's not the first time , though might be for yougov specifically . 
  at the moment i 'd say it 's honestly 50/50 and could go either way . 
  my money would still be on staying in winning a very slim victory as fear of the unknown will have an impact on a good chunk of voters , though . 
  clearly an early screenshot of an elder scrolls vi mine . 
  the narrative was that the uk would sink to the bottom of the ocean straight after a brexit vote . 
  the imf has now openly admitted it was too pessimistic ( and not for the first time in regards to the uk ) . 
  i see myself as northern irish/british , in the same way someone in england would say english/british . 
  saying northern irish is pretty common in the north east regions ( though my grandparents will only say british ), 
  uk - eu relations could hit the absolute worst and ni would still vote to remain in the uk . 
  i 'm from ni . 
  this subs boner for ni leaving the uk will never reach climax , it was a deluded meme from people on here with next to zero knowledge of the little country that is northern ireland . 
  pretty pathetic . 
  i know many on here have a hate-boner for the uk , but the mods could at least pretend to be impartial . 
  may can only lay the foundation and there will probably be a bumpy couple years around formal exit . 
  reality is , it 'll probably be around 2025 when the trade deals start to role in with force and we begin to see the uks new position in the world . 
  then we can see if it 's been a success . 
  nope . 
  most folk here move out around uni age and live with a friend or two , only going back `` home '' if it 's financially impossible to live away from it . 
   * quitaly * ok , that 's my new favourite . 
  nah , according to / r/europe the uk was rip after sinking to the bottom of the ocean because of voting to leave the eu . 
  it 's almost as if anti-british sentiment took precedence over pragmatic thinking . 
  cashing in on the salt , smart move . 
  it can start by stop threatening roi about it 's competitive business tax rates . 
  no no no , no pragmatic thinking like that allowed . 
  brexit is in no way a long term decision and must be judged based on market turbulence in the immediate aftermath . 
  scotland maybe . 
  the chance is close to zero . 
  it 's just a meme spouted by people with next to little knowledge of ni , it 's situation and politics . 
  it 's all for show anyway . 
  sturgeon knows fine well scotland has no legal ability to stop the uk from leaving , and thus scotland with it . 
  the uk is the sovereign nation state , scotland is n't . 
  the only option is to call another indy referendum before the uk formally leaves the eu . 
  it would most certainly ensure a tory majority at * this * election . 
  there 's already growing calls again for a form of pr as leaving the eu ushers in a new era of politics in the uk , i think it 's inevitable now . 
  wo n't be there for a snap election or the next main one ( 2020 ) , but after that ? 
  who knows . 
  was he being serious though ? 
  farage and juncker kind of have a [ history ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f5tb3eo.jpg ) of fucking with each other, 
  best part is , once there 's a new party leadership election he will just be elected as leader again . 
  probably a smaller majority , but he still holds great sway over the grassroots who select the leader . 
  the tories must n't be able to believe their luck . 
  in government , biggest political change in the west since the fall of the berlin wall , new leadership election for them as well ... yet it 's labour that 's ripping itself apart . 
  the tories are coming together far better after the referendum result . 
  i really do n't know how labour can stay together as one party much longer . 
  their membership who crown the party leader are of a completely different point of view compared to their mps and the wider voting public , something has to give . 
  a party split and the formation of a new center-left party would n't surprise me at all . 
  it 's important , and she is quite liked purely looking at the mps and party membership - but at the end of the day they 're going to choose whoever has the most public appeal required to win an election , and that 's boris by a landslide . 
  labour is currently ripping itself apart because the membership put corbyn in power , a nice guy the membership love ... but does n't appeal to the wider voting public who actually decide who wins elections . 
  the tories are n't going to make the same mistake , the `` presidential '' factor of uk elections is now a major force . 
  theresa 's position as home secretary meant she 's been at the forefront of some controversial decision making , increasing government data collection , reducing police force size , diminishing certain protest rights/increasing what police can do with protesters , it 's made her pretty unpopular . 
  she 's had the job longer than anyone in 100 years and she 's got a kind of wicked old witch of the north relationship with much of the public now . 
  boris is hard to explain . 
  the guy has charisma and comic , buffoon like appeal . 
  but it 's all for show , that 's not the real boris . 
  beneath that mask is an utterly ruthless political operator who 's intelligent and seeking power . 
  i 've been following our politics religiously for 10 years now and i honestly still do n't know what he actually stands for , he 's just very good at playing * `` the game '' * . 
  there 's a 100 % chance it 's boris . 
  he 's easily one of the most liked politicians in the uk . 
  osborne just announced he wo n't be standing , and may is very unpopular with the public ( though quite liked within the party ) . 
  everything is very heated/emotional right now which is distorting perspectives . 
  it 's going to be a rough few years for the uk with a knock on effect for the rest of europe , but i honestly think in the long term it 's for the best . 
  the uk was always going to have to leave at some point as the eurozone moves towards federalism , which would have eventually left the uk chained to a political entity which it is n't really part of . 
  best to leave now and face the pain early so we can be better off in the future , with a trade based relationship that 's mutually beneficial for the uk & ez but without the political integration which caused the division . 
  as was said about france recently , italy is probably big enough to break the rules if it really needed to without being slapped on the wrist for doing so . 
  tbh , juncker himself was n't a factor at all in the outcome . 
  however in saying that , he perfectly symbolises * why * so many in the uk ( and probably elsewhere on the continent ) dislike the eu , believes in a form of use , anti-nation state , incredibly elitist and is on the record saying undemocratic things multiple times along the lines of `` i do n't care what the voters think '', 
  ** emperor farage * in all seriousness , there was rumours of farage being made a ukip peer under a boris government and given some kind of role ( i 'd assume related to the eventual uk-eu relationship talks ), 
  guardian business blog . 
  they denied this article specifically apparently . 
  ms have already denied this saying it 's not true . 
  though i 'd still except some jobs to move in the future . 
  exchange quick . 
  it will settle after the initial shock, 
  let 's be honest . 
  once the dust is settled and a mutual trade relationship is sorted 5 years down the line , we 're still going to be close as shit except we 're no longer going in the exact same direction politically . 
  `` let 's just be friends '', 
  and yet still higher than it was a couple months back . 
  this is just the sharks doing their thing , it will settle over the next few days . 
  if you want real salt check the megathread in / r/unitedkingdom, 
  kids are expensive , and i like having time & money for myself .
