  you 're correct , it was the greens who nabbed the last spot not the libdem . 
  i remember twitter blowing up because it would have probably been another ukip seat if it was n't for their imposters , sad , but ... kinda funny too . 
  definitely agree on getting meps from the mainland continent on , can save some of the brit ones for closer to the referendum campaign . 
  i ca n't even begin to imagine how tough it would be to mod a wilders ama if word got out ... 
  ~ ~ iirc , if it was n't for the group who deliberately named themselves very similar to ukip and people mistakenly handed them their vote thinking they actually * were * ukip , the libdems would n't have even got this one seat . ~ ~ my bad , confused for different seat , see below, 
  thanks for arranging these . 
  as she is staunchly pro-eu ( as was the last ama ) and backs the in campaign , in the future it would be cool to have someone from the other side , along the lines of d hannan . 
  you 're on / r/europe , facts do n't matter when your comment is bashing the uk . 
  if your country * did * have the capability of the more powerful nations , it probably * would * be doing it on the same scale though . 
  it 's human nature to want to know things , let 's not pretend it 's only a select few . 
  he might be a smart ass but it 's generally accurate . 
  i know it 's an opinion piece but it completely ignores that : - * these brits are spread out all over the world * immigration to the uk is over double the emigration level ( 630,000 vs 300,000 ) , and less than half of those within the emigration figures are brit nationals - in other words immigration to the uk significantly outnumbers the amount of british nationals leaving . 
  * the uk is struggling to cope with population levels in more than one way ( rent prices , public services strained in certain areas etc ) http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/august-2015/stb-msqr-august-2015.html the majority of brits are n't that bothered about where people come from as long as they integrate/work/contribute , it 's the shear scale & pace of it over the years that 's turned people against immigration . 
  mate you should send them through your cv, 
   * ~ 4,000 silly french measurements *, 
  to be fair , straight from the article . 
   more than 80 % of london tb cases occur in people who were born abroad . 
  pointless , everyone knows the trump ca n't be stumped . 
  you 're still mixing asylum with normal migration figures which is ridiculous . 
  we had a net gain of over 300,000 in one year from legal immigration . 
  that 's enough people for a decent sized city . 
  uhh , you 're getting your figures massively mixed up . 
  we had over 300,000 in legal net immigration last year ( over 600,000 came in , 300,000 left ) . 
  these are people who came from the eu or outside of it with visas for work or education . 
  you realise as a net contributor , these `` eu funds '' are 100 % covered by british tax payer money sent to brussels ? 
  this is just some of it being packaged up and handed back again . 
  i do n't have a problem with the signs really , but you have to look at it within the context of the referendum to see why the outers are annoyed . 
  it could well give the false impression to people that this is `` new money '' being graciously given to us by the eu ... when in reality it 's completely covered by what we 've already handed over . 
  the sceptics have a problem with it because in reality it 's 100 % british tax payer funds being re-branded as eu funds . 
  as a net contributor , this is just british money that 's gone to brussels and some of it given back again . 
  to claim that something is `` eu funded '' in a net contributor state is dubious at best . 
  are they purposely trying to look like they 're in cheesy 80 's action movies or is this `` serious '' in bulgaria ? 
  latest yougov poll asked 5000 people . 
  remain - 50.6 % leave - 49.4 %, 
  it 's hard to improve something that 's stubbornly on a one set track . 
  what we 're seeing is a clash of what people want the union to be , and this goes far beyond the battle of outers and federalists . 
  there 's a plethora of preferences in between and no one seems willing to consider the preferred options of others . 
  every town here has the * old man pub * . 
  or multiple of them . 
  those are men escaping their wives . 
  tinder has became massively popular here very rapidly . 
  most people i know socially are in the 20 - 30 age group and it seems to be tied # 1 for meeting people . 
  the other method tied for # 1 is drinking at the weekend and just seeing what happens . 
  fs , all those `` prepare your loadout for zombies '' images on 4chan and i never bothered with any of them . 
  both labour and the conservatives support turkey membership . 
  it does n't matter how much the public disagree with it or who we vote for , it 's going to be government policy to support it . 
  people are n't going to boycott a party over one single issue that 's probably ~ 2 decades away from fruition . 
  you 're confusing the british government with the british people . 
  there 's a rather different view on this between the two . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  when have we * ever * threatened to crash the eu ? 
  this is some french born guy working in london making a prediction , not a threat . 
  as a nation state eu member , the uk has every right to say , `` ok , this is n't quite working , here 's how we see a future eu '' . 
  other states have every right to say no or yes to it , but putting this on the table is n't threatening to crash the eu . 
  if the eu ever erupts ( which i highly doubt ) it wo n't be because of a half-hearted member leaving . 
  i 'm on the fence about deciding how i 'll vote , but honestly people like yourself with a lack of pragmatism are pushing me towards team out . 
  i do n't think intimidation or smear campaigns have anything to do with it . 
  germany is simply the de facto leader & paymaster of the eu , so other countries are just more inclined to follow her lead ( even if grudgingly at times ) . 
  stop it germany , opposing things is * our * thing . 
  to quote the foreign secretary : -  * `` it is a very tricky area , because what we are seeking to do is distinguish between what the local indigenous workforce are entitled to , and what new arrivals are entitled to . 
  that does challenge a principle of non-discrimination , and that is why we believe possibly treaty change will be necessary in this area , '' * there was indeed a court case which the government took as a boost to their argument , but it looks like treaty change would probably still be needed in the future . 
  not once has cameron said he wants to end the principle of free movement . 
  he want 's to make it so you ca n't move and instantly claim in-work benefits . 
  same would go for brits in other eu nations if thats the rules they wanted to apply . 
  that 's it . 
  if you really think there will be no trade agreement in case of a brexit , i 'm afraid you 're the idiot spewing bullshit . 
  there absolutely will be in some form , if you had any pragmatic ability you 'd see that . 
  as for uk growth , it 's the fastest of the large european nations . 
  fastest in the g7 last year , set to be first or second this year iirc . 
  it 's an opinion piece . 
  the official line from the paper will most certainly be to remain . 
  maybe he did n't get the memo , but we 're no longer answering `` yes '' or `` no '' . 
  it 's '' * remain * '' or '' * leave * '' . 
  put down the baguette , it was dry humour, 
  and it probably contacted the relevant authorities and went through the legal processes to get here, 
  and of the 4 , the bear was the legal immigrant . 
  bet it ca n't even speak english, 
  it 's not worsened , but it 's only been improving at a very , very slow rate . 
  it 's not * bad * , but our worker productivity level dived during the crisis and has just this year caught back up to the pre-crisis peak ( 2008 ) . 
  so while it 's now slightly better than then , there 's 6/7 years of downward trend to make up for . 
  it 's a complete certainty that immigration on this scale , at this pace , from vastly different cultures is going to cause social problems/tension . 
  the question is how big of a problem ? 
  [ more junker gold ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10967168/jean-claude-junckers-most-outrageous-political-quotations.html ) the guy is the poster child for why serious changes ca n't be made in the eu . 
  it 's on a one track course and if you do n't like the direction , well tough , disagreeing opinions do n't matter to men like him . 
  it varies quite massively . 
  many start-ups only give themselves the minimum wage or less - just enough to live on and fund any money they get straight back into the studio itself . 
  money would help them to hire people for specific projects for a few months that will lead to future in-come , pay talented placement students for a bit longer , help cover other costs etc. 
  at this stage every penny helps . 
  at a more established studio a junior role will probably be 18k - 24k depending on location and your exact job . 
  as someone who actually works in the games industry , i know for fact the 25k and 50k grants will be really helpful for start-ups straight out of uni . 
  this is ontop of other changes that have come into play recently to help the industry , tax relief on the cost of a games development for example . 
  the coalition government actually did a fairly decent job of listening to what could help the sector and acted on it . 
  they really need to up their game . 
  they 're currently just rehashing the exact same doomsday predictions they used while trying to get the uk to join the euro , and in some cases it 's the same people saying it . 
  they were completely wrong in their predictions then , and many people will rightfully be sceptical of them now . 
  anyone wanting the uk to remain should be genuinely worried at how things are currently going . 
  if by stereotypes you mean accurate descriptions, 
  wanting to raise an eu wide tax because of germany 's decision to invite unlimited numbers of immigrants . 
  right . 
  never underestimate the appeal of the status quo .
