  this is why dc is being so determined about junker . 
  he knows without fruitful renegotiations there 's a real , unprecedented possibility of the uk voting to leave the eu . 
  it 's really quite a serious situation ... 
  we 're proud of you son, 
  other countries are into unhealthy food ? 
  i thought we had a monopoly on this, 
  bangers n ' mash, 
  yeah that 's what hes talking about . 
  the conservatives had previously denied one of the former efd members from joining ecr , saying their views were too far to the right on immigration . 
  this time they instantly went after efd members to try and mute farage in the parliament ( no publicity from speeches ) . 
  perfectly valid tactics , if somewhat hypocritical . 
  m5s members overwhelmingly voted to join efd instead of ecr . 
  from what i 've read , the m5s meps will be free to vote as they please due to the political divide between them and ukip . 
  we already called dibs m8, 
  thought so , seems mostly settled for the large groups . 
  whats the situation with efd ? 
  last i checked they were two short of the 7 need but were confident of getting them . 
  i do n't think there 's even the slightest chance of ukip joining ecr if they ca n't form efd . 
  does ecr have any other potential members lined up ? 
  - the removal of ` ever closer union ' for those states that do n't want to be more deeply integrated . 
  - the creation of a two tier system within the eu . 
  i see this as being essential to kill off the building friction within the eu . 
  we 're at a point were countries obviously have different visions of the eu and want to take it in different directions . 
  by making `` ever closer union '' optional and creating a two tier system , those countries who wish to could futher integrate towards the eventual federal setup ( after asking their citizens if thats what they want , i 'd hope ) . 
  meanwhile , for those countries with citizens who are strongly against more political integration , like the uk , could sit on a second tier which would be more about trade & cooperation . 
  the sceptic eu stance in the uk is a broad church , there 's no single issue that unites it . 
  sadly anti-immigration is one of the bigger reasons currently . 
  this has been building up for years ( decade + ) , because of the overly pc nature of the uk . 
  absolutely any questioning of immigration had you branded as a racist , it 's only really became acceptable to talk about it in the last couple of years . 
  there has been rapid social changes in the uk along with pressure on public services and housing , and eu migration is currently taking most of the backlash for it - despite the fact that most eu migrants integrate well . 
  those who have n't integrated tend to be from well outside of the eu . 
  i do n't sit in that crowd . 
  i 'm ok with free movement within the eu as long as people integrate & contribute , which most eu citizens do . 
  my beef with the eu is were it 's heading . 
  i simply believe that national democracy is a better fit for the uk than the federal setup the eu will most likely move towards . 
  we 're not going to get any real accurate picture of the situation until we know what , if any , `` reforms '' david cameron gets before the potential referendum . 
  at that point minds will be focused and people would know clearly what the choice is , so we will get polls giving the more likely results . 
  i say this because there 's a good chunk of the `` in '' vote - like myself - who get described as `` pro eu '' . 
  that is wrong . 
  a better description would be `` grudging acceptance '' . 
  voters like myself will be paying close attention to what changes dc gets , with a guarantee of no further political integration being crucial to securing the in vote . 
  what a strange marriage this will be . 
  other than being different versions of eurosceptic ( ukip are eusceptic ) , they 're from very different places on the political divide . 
  could quite easily fall apart if their meps ca n't keep up the mutual respect for their substantial differences . 
  your first point is quite wrong . 
  the uk has christianity as it 's `` official '' faith , but it 's just a title . 
  the uk is very much a secular country in way of life - it 's really only those in the muslim community who cause problems . 
  too many from pakistan & bangladesh have simply made no effort to integrate into the modern , secular way of life we expect here in western europe , and our governments over the years have n't got the backbone to call them out on their bullshit because of the overly politically correct nature of the uk . 
  the british public are very good at holding their tongue when they really want to speak out about others , but there 's going to come a point were enough is enough . 
  faith needs to be completely removed from the education system once and for all . 
  if parents want to delude their kids with medieval bullshit idiology they can do it in their own time with no help from public funds . 
  schools need to be about the facts , reason and logic , fit for the modern world . 
  * former french prime minister and fervent eu advocate michel rocard accused britain on wednesday of having only joined the european union to serve its commercial interests * it 's funny , because thats exactly what the british people were told it was about . 
  it was going to be purely economic , with very little loss of sovereignty or political integration . 
  they were completely deceived , not by the eu ( then the eec ) , but by swathes of the british political class . 
  but then they had to ... if they were honest about the direction the eu would head in ( political integration ) there 's a not chance the uk would be in it today . 
  the uk 's direction & political setup has been fundamentally changed , based on politicans not being honest with their own citizens . 
  i do n't think many of our citizen friends on the continent grasp just how much resentment there is in the uk over being lied to about what the eu was really about , especially among older citizens who actually voted on the day . 
  i 'm fully aware that some in the uk like the sound of a federal europe ( i used to sit in that camp myself ) . 
  but i 'm also aware that support for that view is miniscule compared to those that want a looser relationship with the eu . 
  junker is a federalist . 
  he wants the united states of europe . 
  the uk does n't . 
  his views are out of whack with british views because of this , and if he gets the position it may push more people towards ukip which wants a complete withdrawl from the eu . 
  juncker will still get the job - but dc is right to point out the potential consequences of putting such a staunch federalist in the role . 
  * however , great britain has never had an appetite for european integration . 
  the prevailing perspective in london is that the eu should be a glorified free-trade zone -- at best a loose alliance of states , but do n't mention the term political union . 
  * and thats what it boils down to . 
  outside of a tiny , tiny minority , there is next to zero support in the uk for more integration , nevermind the united state of europe or whatever you want to call it . 
  something has to change . 
  there 's a clear majority support in the uk for staying in a reformed eu that has been culled , with powers handed back to the nation state . 
  but we all know that 's not going to happen , it 's going to continue sapping up new powers until the point of being a federal state . 
  that has always been the intention and it wo n't stop now . 
  there 's obviously a conflict here , and sooner or later something has to give . 
  the `` in '' camp is 2 % ahead in recent polls . 
  that 's a fairly thin lead . 
  pretty . 
  i hope to travel around your neck of the woods some day . 
  aha , thanks for pointing that out :p, 
  nissan said the same thing about the euro , warning they 'd pack their bags and move if the uk didnt join it . 
  they stayed . 
  people are wary of the doomsday stories this time . 
  i 'd put it down to the uk being fairly evenly split between the in 's & outs . 
  as i 've mentioned above , there has been multiple shifts between majorities wanting to stay in or leave over the past few months . 
  i 'd guess that will continue right up until the time of a referendum ( if it happens ) . 
  it 's the `` not sures '' who will decide things , which ultimately should give the pro-eu vote the win as it 's the status quo . 
  this is the third shift in in the past ~ 2 months . 
  ~ 2 weeks ago two polls released around the same time both showed majorties wanting to leave the eu . 
  before that , they were showing majorties wanting to stay in . 
  no doubt it will shift again . 
  there wo n't be any change to defence spending anytime soon in europe as a whole ( other than going down ) . 
  the general population is still rather anti-war after the past decade & do n't care that other powers are massively increasing their budgets . 
  saudi arabia spent more on defence capabilities than any eu nation last year . 
  think about that for a second . 
  and unlike here , a large chunk of that wo n't be going towards good troop wages & welfare support for them and their families . 
  it was tongue-in-cheek . 
  but there can be clear anti-americanism on here sometimes regardless of the facts . 
  the point is , those thinking europe could form its own kind of nato and still be able to fully defend itself in a worst case scenario , without american support , are deluding themselves . 
  you 're downvoted because youre on / r/europe , facts do n't matter here . 
  you 're 100 % correct though .
