  yeah , you finns are n't alone on anu saagim . 
  everyone i know thinks she is a massive cunt . 
  latvia can only ever dream of getting to the level of the nordic-like paradise commonly known as e-stonia . 
  latvia can only into potato . 
  such is life . 
  and of course our pr department have done their job :p, 
  if this was a one time thing i 'd personally be fine with taking up to 1000 , hell , even 2500 of them . 
  thing is , this wo n't be a one time thing and anyone who thinks is just being naive . 
  currently there are no plans to actually fix the cause of immigration , instead we are trying to deal with the effects of it as if at some point it will magically stop . 
  there is almost no end to the immigrants trying to get to europe . 
  the quota will fix nothing and it will only divide europe . 
  that 's also why i do n't want 370 immigrants . 
  we take them in and a year or so later european leaders will want us to take in `` just a little more '' and this will repeat over and over again . 
  its like 370 or so with the new quote . 
  that 's a cabin , not a cottage . 
  what on earth do they have against the sami people ? 
  and when you ask either they have nothing to say or have this crazy idea how things could have gone down, 
  god . . couldnt there just be a middle ground to this damn issue . 
  either you are all in favor of letting millions of illegal immigrants into our countries or you want to shoot and gas everybody who comes here . 
  i hold liberal stances on almost all issues except this fucked up immigration crap that is going on in europe right now . 
  if we do n't find a way to stop them from coming here , nationalist eurosceptic right-wing parties are going to rise to power all over europe , which will put an end to the eu and eurozone as we know it . 
  in estonia we can already see massive growth in support for these kind of parties , which is very worrying . 
  finns were in a far better positsion than us and there would have been even more casualties and `` bombing cities to shit '' if we had fought . 
  the western powers would n't have been able to do anything in the state that they were post-war . 
  not recognizing the annexation of the baltic states was probably most they could do . 
  fighting them would have made things even worse . 
  not only would we have lost more people , the ussr might have been more agressive with their deportations and 50 years of fun . . 
  this guy is definently in the minority on the anti-immigration side of the discussion . 
  it sounds like really drunken estonian to me . 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
  burn down churches ? 
  what else do you propose we do ? 
  i do n't like it either but just blocking off their propaganda entirely is even worse in my opinion . 
  those numbers will decrease dramatically in the next 20 years , since young people can barely hold a basic conversation in russian . 
  it 's considered to be something that every man has to go through to become a `` real '' man . 
  there is some kind of pride and honor in it . 
  the very thought of me being some kind of pawn for a politician makes my blood boil . 
  we will be overrun in just a few days , conscript army or not . 
  it 's just that with a conscript army , more people die on both sides ( which we apparently want ) . 
  `` i 've been in this place before in that video game i played '', 
  yup . 
  honestly i do n't think in terms of standard of living we are any significant margin better than the rest of the baltics but good marketing can make a huge difference as we can see from this poll . 
  that 's a reference i never thought i 'd see on this subreddit . . 
  the fuck . . ? 
  so we are doomed afterall . . :(, 
  so ... is your girlfriend pregnant ? 
  because they come from very different social enviroment , religions , cultures ect . 
  there is a difference between letting a ukranian , russian , or romanian in to your country and someone from somalia , eritrea or lybia into your country . . 
  it would have ruined our image of a super modern awesome country that is basically 2 decades ahead in anything it related . 
  would n't want that ... 
  all those numbers exluding the jewish and ( maybe ) gays would be around 80-90 . 
  honestly even sweden is n't anything that special . . my favourite from this semi was actually latvia . 
  it 's very different and interesting . 
  honestly , with the amount of boring songs this year , i would n't be surprised if we actually won somehow ... 
  everybody in western estonia do n't understand anything either . 
  who is flooding this subreddit with 3-6 posts about estonia every day ? 
  i 'm really getting tired with this circlejerk on the subreddit . . 
  well . . considering it was between him and savisaar , i know which one i would pick ... 
  am i the only one tired of these crappy fearmongering articles ? 
  we get it . 
  russia is the big bad guy who is a potential threat to stability in europe and we are now all doing something to prevent that ... 
  about 25 % of our words have been borrowed from low german . 
  from my point of view , mass immigration is very bad . 
  you ca n't just simply open the flood gates and let thousand of refugees and immigrants with different backgrounds and beliefs into your country in such a way . 
  many of them wo n't find jobs and they will just live off a social welfare . 
  it causes large social tensions and overall is just a burden on the country 's resources . 
  if we are going to do immigration in europe then it should be done in a smart way . 
  average suicides per 100 000 pop . 
  per year in us : 12.5 ( 0.0125 % ) estonia : 14.8 ( 0.0148 % ) . 
  finland : 16.0 ( 0.016 % ) poland : 17.5 ( 0.0175 % ) russia : 18.2 ( 0.0182 % ) ukraine : 19.8 ( 0.0198 % ) latvia : 20.8 ( 0.0208 % ) slovenia : 21.8 ( 0.0218 % ) lithuania : 36.7 ( 0.0367 % ) greenland : 83.0 ( 0.0830 % ) [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ), 
  i had to start over once due to a missclick, 
  civilization iv/v, 
  it was sunny all week and then massive clouds had to appear ... damnit :*(, 
  same in estonia . 
  yeah . 
  as someone who loves history , this makes my blood boil . . 
  in all fairness you do sometimes find some hidden gems in the garbage . 
  we would also be in the center of a conflict if shit ever hit the fan . 
  russians say that we are puppets . 
  they are of course completely wrong and also kind of ironic . 
  im sure some people would tell us that we are usa 's puppet , but in response i would say that i 'd much rather be usa 's puppet than a russian oblast . 
  i see nothing wrong here . . ^ ^ / s, 
  just wait another 20 years . . : /, 
  while the way he put it was quite wrong , i am pretty sure that punk is not something that the average viewer of eurovision listens to on a daily basis . 
  i 've already been to italy but i definently want to go back . 
  the delicious food , warm people and weather , beatiful scenery and rich history all make for a great destination to visit . 
  besides that , i 'd also like to visit the uk or maybe some of the balkan states !, 
  least would probably have to be belarus . 
  the country just seems to have nothing to really offer and i 'm not sure i would feel very safe there . 
  the right-wing parties are ultimately the bigger problem in all of this refugee crisis . 
  if euroskeptic parties come to power all across the eu then its days are numbered and a new period of turmoil might begin in europe . 
  at this point it seems inevitable . 
  triggered, 
  s\u00fcgis is a shity season so it fits pretty well, 
  im not sure whether i should laugh or cry right now . 
  agreed . 
  we got screwed over by the jury . 
  this is by far the best song we 've sent to the competition in a long time and the staging was very well executed . 
  [ elina born & stig r\u00e4sta - goodbye to yesterday ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfr0bqzhlqm ) [ karl-erik taukar - segased lood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztflzuhh93i ) [ traffic - sekundiga ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiaqzhbhi0u ) those i think are the main big hits we had this year . 
  yep .
