  it 's not like they suddenly become hetero and start hetero families with hetero children . 
  of course these people are too ignorant to comprehend that, 
  if latvia would fall under russian influence then the entire baltics would become destabilized . 
  i really really really hope this doesnt happen ... 
  there is no east european country that wants to be like russia ( besides belarus maybe ) . 
  the goverments constantly try to pass gay rights but the people will have none of it ... 
  then how can you explain the homophobic eastern european countries that also happen to be democratic and with open society ? 
  `` no.war is simply not the anwser '' warmonger : oh look , they dont want to spend any money on defense and would focus the money on something more useful . 
  this is an excellent time to invade !, 
  it hard to not hear of it when they brag about it all the time :d, 
  yeah , i suppose , but even with all those thing to take into consideration , id still expect there to be around 500-1000 russians who are pro-european and dont support the current goverment that use this sub reddit, 
  estonia big, 
  it is quite odd or sad that a country with 1.3 million people beats a country with over 100 million people :d ( too lazy to find the correct numbers ), 
  instead , you should either get a vault from vault-tech or escape to the moscow metro :d, 
  yes indeed , good that they are on our side, 
  we burn oil shale , and we get around 85 % of our energy from it plus renewables . 
  this makes us pretty much 100 % independent from russian energy . 
  maybe . . im not sure if we want it tho * glaring over the sea at nordics * ps : dont take that joke too seriously :d, 
  i 'm also lost ... 
  lies !, 
  our old town is beautiful . 
  you are just jealous , what do you you know ? 
  you dont even have potato !  :o, 
  bring us your money !, 
  tallink-silja wo n't be able to stop the eu commision if they push for it :p, 
  dont get too pessimistic . 
  it might actualy happen after rail baltica has been built , if we still are growing economicly and if our eastern friend does n't try something on us, 
  i agree , we might see this actualy happening in 20 or so years when rail baltica has been built, 
  hah , we culturally/historically are n't any more eastern than finland . 
  the main difference is that finland could resist the soviet union and we could n't , which lead to us being economically crippled and labled as `` easteners '' . 
  aww yissss , you 're da man !, 
  i already said , its a reference that no one will get here, 
  well you dont get the reference so you wo n't know and i cant explain to you ( but i do agree with you ), 
  60 - 100 year old grannies, 
  for the sake of not starting this argument again , yes , yes you did ... 
  come to estonia : the canada of europe . . and we made skype !, 
  please visit , we are poor ... 
  absolutely no one will get the reference on this subreddit ... 
  of course not . 
  not when more than 50 % of our population dont support gay rights which is sad . 
  however personally i see the parades as the complete opposite of what we need to achieve . 
  instead going on the streets , half naked , kissing and waving rainbow flags , maybe we should find other ways to promote gay rights . 
  instead of making ourselves look like inappropriate , uncivilized and different we should be making ourselves be accepted as normal people who can function in everyday life . 
  the parades are n't helping with that ... 
  3rd to last , actualy :d since in that case latvia and lithuania would also be considered northern europe ( from a geographic standpoint at least ) . 
  2nd best in eastern europe!best if you consider slovakia central european . 
  aww yeah :d, 
  so we need even more progress ? 
  great !, 
  hopefuly it helps to stop the russian media from sowing dissent in our russian minorities, 
  or maybe the homophobes/idiots/racist are the most vocal and largest group of commentators on these sites, 
  yeah , lately i have been trying to get rid of the habit of viewing the comments after i 've read the articles, 
  seeing the comments on postimees or delfi make me sick as a pro-gay rights person . 
  not to mention there are still racists in our country . . 
  u mad bro ? 
  of course they dont . 
  why would they want to tell the children that they made a pact with the facists ? 
  isnt it romantic ? 
  i 'd love to be a part of the glorious ii swedish empire . 
  estonia can finally into nordic then !!, 
  can we join too ? 
  i personally am not aware that people put mayonnaise on pizza here in estonia . 
  but then again i dont know about poland or other baltic states since we have quite different cultures . 
  went to italy this year and the pizzas and pastas were fucking amazing . 
  i cant belive i ate the crap that they call `` pizza '' here . 
  good idea, 
  exactly, 
  too bad all estonians ( not counting russians ) that are still religious are protestant , 
  speaking from experience , huh ? 
  well we used to have more than you . . 1-2 years ago . 
  we have had quite a big drop this year . 
  hopefully it bounces back next year . 
  ( as it showed on the forecast of next year ), 
  at least estonia has almost no public debt , so we have that going for ourselves , which is nice . 
  now if we could just lend these helicopters that obama is bringing here during his visit ... http://imgur.com/t6jfuqq, 
  ekre also seems to have an interest in digging phosphorus , which is the second big no-no for me besides the racist and homophobic views . 
  yet laaneots said in a recent debate that they have no plans to change anything in the conscriptions . 
  you are correct and i ca n't belive i forgot that part . 
  ( but if i remember correctly , the president said that the winning party 's pm canditate will get to form the goverment ? ) . 
  in my defence they still may still `` win '' by getting most votes out of all the parties but the title is still misleading and i wish i could change it . 
  yup . 
  every other party is pro-western and eu at least to some extent . 
  i ca n't give a source right now , but surveys have shown that +70 % of centre party 's voters are estonian russians . 
  the second biggest party in terms of russian voter base is the social democrats with 13 % . 
  for some reason the link makes it subscribtion only . 
  just put the article 's title `` estonia readies for general election , parties focus on security , economy '' into google and it should give you the entire article . 
  a little bit less competition for us i supposed  ( punk/heavy metal almost never does well in esc ), 
  i 'd say this years song is definently one of the better ones we have sent . 
  but of course it 's all subjective and many people do n't like it . 
  whilst on the subject of eurovision , it seems that we have the most liked entry next to italy . 
  people are hyping it up a lot . 
  let 's just say that we win . 
  where would we even get the money to host such an event ? 
  we barely managed to host it in 2001 and how are we ( and any other small country ) supposed to do it now with far more expensive equipment ? 
  the true winner would have been the netherlands if it were n't for conchita 's gimmick . 
  note how it says in the title that they `` may represent '' . 
  the final will be tonight . 
  i honestly doubt that it will win . 
  why not ? 
  i never thought i 'd see this day .
