this does n't look too great . 
  hope its the fault of the 3d rendering, 
  well that de-escilated quickly, 
  one thing is for sure . 
  nato would be far more involved and agressive in ending the conflict if russia did n't have nukes . 
  im certain about that, 
  stop fearmongering , calm down . 
  nothing is going to happpen unless somehow russia manages to tear us apart internally . 
  we have low corruption and reasonable law enforcement, 
  i realize that , but it 's such a retarded part of human nature . 
  fuck this ... why did this have to happen . 
  i 've never understood violence or war . 
  it 's all so pointless, 
  yes indeed . 
  ca n't wait to travel from tallinn to berlin/paris/london ect . 
  do n't know how expensive the tickets will be however, 
  what an optimistic way to start the day off !, 
  well yes , `` the 5 elite schools '' . 
  too bad me or 900 000 other estonians do n't live in tallinn, 
  in the beginning of 6th grade you can choose to learn either russian or german . 
  in 10th grade you have to learn the one you did n't pick in 6th grade, 
  vocabulary is completely unreadable to a finn or estonian, 
  video games and tv do not make people kill . 
  if you are mentally healthy , you know that the killing and violence you see in media is bad . 
  this kid most likely had problems at home and also was bullied at school and because of it wasnt mentally stable . 
  this is absolutely horrible ... 
  pretty much describes the mindset of conservative dumbasses in our country, 
  wow , how dare you ?!, 
  you are an anti-semitic and may i remind you of the holocaust ? 
  your argument is invalid !, 
  i wonder how devistating it would be to europe as a whole if even a small state like estonia would get invaded when we are so deeply integrated with the system . 
  looks like the grass is irradiated . 
  maybe turn down the saturation a notch , 
  depends on where you 're from . 
  you do n't have a flair so i dont know . 
  but in deep in the forests of estonia , sweden , finland , russia you should n't find that kind of stuff, 
  this is fantastic :d, 
  and now i want coffee . 
  its half past 11 ; _ ;, 
  sometimes i think about going in the middle of nowhere with a knife , matches , some food and maybe a tin can or pot and living in the forest for 2 to 4 days . 
  away from all the noise and people . 
  but this lazy ass is n't going anywhere, 
  i was hoping we would have a smaller homocide rate than you guys so we could brag again and you would cry . 
  today is not the day :(, 
  we are 1/3 of the way there !, 
  why do you love basicaly every larger island in europe ? 
  thanks anyway :d - estonian from saaremaa, 
  why do you like us and have n't given an opinion on the other baltics ? 
  this just made my day :d, 
  agreed , narva is just the prime target for the next test of western nerves , if putin is crazy enough, 
  keep in mind that most of what is told in this video also applies to lithuania and estonia too, 
  not sure if troll or `` internet-dumbass '', 
  compared to any other eastern european country , they are best buddies with russia . 
  and who the fuck might you be ? 
  that 's a plus almost every eastern european country has :d, 
  it 's clear that this is just used as another propoganda tool . 
  `` look how peaceloving vladimir putin , our gloriours dic . . president is ! '', 
  the oversaturation is burning my eyes . 
  i imagine it 's still beautiful without it tho, 
  i suppose that 's true . 
  did n't conider that, 
  why is this neccesary ? 
  i thought the netherlands was a very progressive and tolerant society . 
  why the need for the flags ? 
  just a genuine question, 
  culturally similar to russia ? 
  fuck no . 
  mentally ? 
  yes, 
  i swear this seems to be 80 % of the comments on delfi or postimees . . 
  i think im starting to lose my sanity from reading them . 
  there is nothing wrong about what he said . 
  we may be the most progressive out of all the baltic states but 64 % of people still do n't support it . 
  i read the comments of an article that talked about how a young man tortured his dog . 
  i never expected to see comments under the article like `` but the goverment wants us to be more tolerant , so why not ? '', 
  and someone straight out said that the cohabition act is the cause of this . 
  these people are the kind of people that now see everything bad in our country to be the root cause of the law being past . . 
  no steal eesti slogan  :(, 
  `` why are you playing with those kids ? 
  i want you to play with me !!! '', 
  this outrage will persist until they realized that nothing has actually happened . 
  this might take from 2 to 8 years after the law has been put to effect ( which will be in 2016 ), 
  well that is my biggest worry . 
  this might shift a lot of people from for example the reform party to the centre party or irl . 
  as much as i like the law passed , i think it might 've been too early for it . 
  very happy about this . 
  but this will make a lot of people lose trust in the goverment, 
  it ca n't be students since most of them are open-minded and progressive.if anybody would assassinate , it would probably be dome psych middle aged man, 
  a few actually did but it was only a handful of people, 
  calm down . 
  there actualy more intelligent people than you think . 
  roughly 40 % of the pop support the act . 
  and most of them are younger people . 
  in 10-20 the law will be passed if not right now, 
  well . 
  seeing that most young people support gay rights , we might probably have a happy ending in 10-20 years, 
  although russians make up a quite a large portion of the picketers , there is by no means a shortage of estonians . 
  i completely avoid the comments on estonian news sites . 
  they are almost always full of angry conservatives or nationalists and people that are anti anything that is n't normal in their eyes . 
  yeah , alot of people use the argument of declining population .
