not necessarily disagreeing with your sentiments , but i find the combination of ` you can not jail a person who did not commit a crime ' and ` people like you should be locked up ' a hilarious contradiction . 
  itt : people hating on germanic languages for me : german : often quite poetic and intellectual . 
  i almost never think it 's angry . 
  dutch : i like dutch . 
  it 's often formal , but if not , it can be really beautiful . 
  also , we have the best ancient insults . 
  flemish accent : superior to dutch , probably . 
  less formal , more welcoming . 
  norwegian/swedish : it feels like people singing . 
  danish : it sounds very amical . 
  not polished , but that 's the charm . 
  finnish : my favourite . 
  when spoken slowly , it feels like a breath of fresh air . 
  faster it begins to sound a bit weird . 
  english : depends on the accent . 
  the overemphasized british accent does n't appeal to me , but the irish/scottish accents are nice . 
  austrian dialect sound very weird , it 's like they emphasize in a different way . 
  spanish : sounds nice , but kinda lazy . 
  it 's a very fast language , and everyone has a lisp . 
  french : often beautiful , but also nagging . 
  italian : a bit stereotypical , but very pleasant . 
  portuguese : drunk russian speaking spanish . 
  it 's adorable . 
  russian : do n't like it , really . 
  other slavic languages : i do n't hear the difference between a lot of them , but i feel like south slavic languages are more poetic . 
  hungarian : weird, 
  terrier !, 
  if i 'm not mistaken , there 's a belgian version of gema , called sabam . 
  comedian group neveneffecten discovered their actions were n't legal , and after the episode , political parties got involved . 
  unfortunately i ca n't find a video with english subs , but dutch speaking people should definitely watch it . 
  ( also the rest of basta , because it is amazing ), 
  i would probably say the evenings by gerard reve . 
  it 's a book from 1947 or something , and it 's about seven days in the life of a guy that does nothing interesting . 
  great piece of literature , it embodies the post war feeling perfectly . 
  also , the very business-like karakter ( character ) . 
  it 's about the relationship between father and son . 
  the movie won an oscar too , but i have n't seen it . 
  i 've read people in the summer night by sillanp\u00e4\u00e4 , and it was n't depressing . 
  sure , a big part of the book was about death , melancholy and loneliness , but it also revolved around love , life and nature . 
  great book , it made me want to go to finland and experience the summer nights . 
  yeah , we are not exciting . 
  we were at some point . 
  but it is a nice country , and some people have great humour . 
  yesterday there was a pillow fight in the middle of utrecht with around 2.000 people participating . 
  ctrl-f the netherlands : one comment defending the benelux . 
  so we 're not the best , but also not the worst . 
  seems about right . 
  also , people really do n't care about slovakia , it seems . 
  realistically speaking , probably belgium . 
  but finland/latvia are my unrealistic choices , because they seem cool . 
  he wrote in french , so it is n't that weird . 
  we had to perform his scenes for french at high school . 
  not only bulgakov and chekhov , but also gogol . 
  basta was hilarious and seriously changed laws in belgium . 
  they did it for the laughs , but at the same time raised questions about , for example , the news , and hypocrisy of meat-eating . 
  so you have that . 
  yes , it 's a very similar concept . 
  also long , but i like it . 
  it 's quite emotional , and anna is a bit dramatic , but i find levin 's storyline very interesting . 
  i would also recommend the death of ivan ilyich . 
  it 's a short but very strong story by tolstoy . 
  currently reading anna karenina by tolstoy , other books that i 've begun but not yet finished are kafka 's das schloss , bulgakov 's master and margarita and andric 's bridge over the river drina . 
  it was an idea by thijs zonneveld , a sports columnist . 
  it was not very serious , i thought . 
  they 've got skulls on them !, 
  latvia , mostly because of the bad jokes and also this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayttrvx74pi, 
  why would you go to kazakhstan , north korea ? 
  you must really hate democracy . 
  seems like i 'm one of the few , but pretty close . 
  i 'm protestant , and i usually go to church on sundays . 
  pray twice a day . 
  i am not very well-versed in theology , but i 'd like to be in the future . 
  church for me is a very useful thing . 
  i 've always learned to be critical of the pastor , and not take everything as a universal truth . 
  there are many interpretations of christianity , and that 's a good thing . 
  even if the sermon was bad in your opinion , you 'll always learn someone else 's point of view . 
  also , not trying to be preachy here . 
  just giving my opinion . 
  i understand your point , but i disagree . 
  you see being christian as a static point , an opinion you have , while i think it 's more dynamic . 
  if you 're converted to christianity , that 's not the ending point . 
  as a christian , going to church is a way to learn to be a better person and to be thankful to god . 
  there are other ways to do that , but going to church definitely has more use than showing of how good i am . 
  also , your view is on your relationship with god is understandable , but christianity is ideally a religion that is shared with others , it 's not individualistic . 
  i do n't know how other people feel about this , though . 
  this is just my point of view . 
  like the others said , it was part of a satirical news show , which had a segment about turkish people failing to integrate in the netherlands because of the `` long arm of erdogan '' . 
  this is partly because the turkish people only consume turkish media . 
  the only way to `` infiltrate '' that media bubble is with football , since it 's so popular among turkish-dutch citizens . 
  there 's a spanish city called almeria , you were probably thinking of that . 
  oh , it 's more about the stereotype . 
  i remember a scandal in roermond , and read some statistic how it was more prevalent , but i ca n't find it now , so i 'll remove it . 
  sorry , did n't mean to offend you . 
  the way i phrased it sounds quite insensitive in hindsight . 
  i did n't mean it that way . 
  i 'm not really well versed in the details of the system , but the netherlands are actually quite supportive of homeless people . 
  shelters are free , and there are programs to help them get a permanent residence and job to get them off the streets . 
  i 've seen homeless people cleaning the city for example . 
  ( municipalities do this partly because homeless people are bad for tourism and other things . ), 
  rehab is also provided , i think .
