  if learning polish would make sense on a global scale sure , until then french it is . 
  the sooner scotland leaves the failing union the better . 
  with the rise of the far right , brexit , and the unforgivable acts of the conservatives to say the least , there 's no reason the country should go down with that ship . 
  the times i 've paid that it has been last minute . 
  it looks like i 'll be paying that amount this christmas too . 
  idk maybe i 'm just shit at buying flights , but i 've flown to morocco for less than the 40 minute flight to shannon . 
  hmm ... i 'm pretty sure i 'm above nazis , dunno about you . 
  2 euro go to to romania ? 
  christ i 'm booking flights from the uk to ireland and i can easily pay # 200 . 
  what has brexit got to do with this murder ? 
  that 's the ~ ~ alt-right ~ ~ new nazis for you . 
  go on my son, 
  the only good thing about his golf courses is the insane tips the intolerable yanks give . 
  absolute arseholes a lot of the time , but get them talking about their irish heritage and they lap it up . 
  he 'd do what clinton did in america . 
  people are sick of establishment centre right candidates that offer no real change , and thus push people to the far left/right . 
  you can be sure the daily mail will call nicola a communist before the week is out . 
  the scottish government is keen to distinguish themselves from the conservatives . 
  from higher taxes for the middle classes , investments in the nhs , childcare and elderly support , inclusive relationship and sex education , increasing trans rights , whether it works or not , these initiatives are in stark contrast to what is being pushed south of the border . 
  arab spring take 2 ? 
  the dominant capitalist model can not be sustained with increased automation and decreased employment . 
  unless something like this is introduced there will be widespread unemployment and further riots . 
  there 's a reason why tech elites are buying up isolated and secure properties . 
  belgium is nice . 
  you can get the train to ghent and bruges from brussels . 
  nice beer , great waffles . 
  and the british wonder why the centrists are losing ... 
  criticising the israeli government is not antisemitism . 
  this boy cried wolf rhetoric is wearing thin . 
  just two years of indoctrination to fight other people 's wars . 
  whatever people think or what these story books say , a person 's individual faith , and their interpretation is their own . 
  religious texts have always been interpreted and reinterpreted . 
  hence the need for fatwas . 
  if they identify as muslim who are you to question them ? 
  lgbt people are n't being persecuted ? 
  ignorant straight people , what else is new . 
  if society was n't so heavily heteronormative , and lgbt people were n't persecuted then pride parades would n't need to be a thing . 
  in a lot of countries civil partnerships do not offer the same legal rights as marriage . 
  that 's part of the reason why there is the push for marriage . 
  if employers are denying opportunities to disabled people , without good reason , that is discrimination . 
  a lot of jobs only need minor alterations to support disabled employees yet a lot of companies are n't willing to , despite government assistance . 
  it 's incredibly easy to discriminate against disabled applicants . 
  usually applications at the first stage ask applicants about their disability , and how it may come into play in the job . 
  if employers are n't willing to accommodate , or simply do n't want disabled employees they can cut them off at this stage . 
  you see the same arseholes holding up banners and photos outside clinics when they arrive in the uk , to the point where some places have security . 
  strange how these morons care so much for the unborn yet chastise the poor girls . 
  why because they dress up in drag ? 
  are costumes and makeup dangerous to kids ? 
  lgbt people do n't campaign and protest for privileges , they protest for equality . 
  is that a guarantee though ? 
  she 's u-turned on so much i wo n't hold my breath . 
  75 % of young people did n't vote for brexit , they 'll be living with this shit show the longest . 
  of course they should be listened to . 
  the history of christianity is extremely bloody . 
  i mean you have genocides against pagans and jews , the crusades , the thousands killed refusing the convert , countless religious wars over clashing denominations , even the thousands of children dead by the hands of the irish catholic church as recent as the 1980s . 
  you do n't know about young muslims , fine , so do n't just base opinions on articles or tv . 
  meet muslims , read media from eastern perspectives , better yet go to these countries western media portray . 
  the issue is conservatives are using religion just justify their beliefs/actions against whatever group they do n't like . 
  this has always been the case with all major religions . 
  if you looked back even 50 years , the majority of people thought similarly with judaism and christianity . 
  these religions , at least to some degree , have gone through a renaissance in the western world . 
  islam for the most part has n't yet . 
  frankly with the interference and destruction by western forces over the past hundred years has n't help matters . 
  that is n't to say that islam or young muslims today are overwhelmingly in opposition to what we would view as modern , western values . 
  i mean if you take popular culture as an example , one of the most popular indie bands from the middle east , mashrou ' leila , features an openly gay man singing about women 's rights , corruption , inequality etc. 
  iran just elected a leader open to the west and their young women regularly protest against wearing the headscarf . 
  if your whole family were burnt alive and the government * at least * partially responsible acted in such a way , you would be furious too . 
  which is why it 's so important to support the eastern bloc especially . 
  putin wants the soviet territory back either through military force or hijacking elections . 
  the sooner he and his puppets feck off the better . 
  i 'm not surprised this sub is critical of russia . 
  the hegemonic values in russia are far from european values to say the least . 
  that attitude is bound to help your cause . 
  [ strong and stable though ] ( http://lh3.googleusercontent.com/tbwwzmkwfpqf8gfy0bkgmmhzc2gxgpzhjng7d97nmaw9hmnhsqreohyx14ie0cur9sdgefpxufuwpv_cckpm3e-7=s240 ), 
  ice creams and shark attacks ? 
  israel has one of the most advanced militaries thanks to the us , no one will invade with the us on their side . 
  they get billions of aid every year , they are n't going to rot . 
  in any case netanyahu could n't give a toss what european countries think of them , he has the full support of the us and he 's in africa right now lobbying impoverished nations in return for support in the un . 
  why should we ? 
  i thinks part of it is due to the media narrative that with brexit , it 's now uk against the world . 
  any geopolitical position that is n't extreme is considered weak . 
  what baffles me is that the general public will still view may and the conservatives as the only party capable with dealing with terrorism , despite the tories cutting police numbers , by dragging up something corbyn did in the 80s no doubt . 
  they 'll do nothing but conjure fear into the public in order to strip privacy , net neutrality and increase surveillance . 
  where are you shopping to pay that much for apples ? 
  fruit and veg in lidl are super cheap . 
  if you make simple meals using canned goods , frozen veg etc you can feed numerous people for the price of a couple of unhealthy ready meals . 
  i wonder if someone chucked water on her would she melt . 
  i 'd say 5 days in dublin is too much . 
  it 's a small city and you can do all the touristy things in 2 days . 
  bare in mind that dublin is expensive , especially for drink . 
  5 days in edinburgh is too much also . 
  again it is a small , walkable city with a lot of the main attractions within a mile of one another . 
  you can get bus tours from edinburgh for the highlands though lasting 1-3 days or so though . 
  what on earth does israel have to do with this ? 
  do n't use such tragedies to push your own agenda . 
  isis ideology is rooted in wahhabism . 
  saudi arabian law and justice draws many parallels to that of isis . 
  because voting conservative says a lot about a person considering what they have done to the most vulnerable in british society . 
  the is some backlash against modern day gay pride parades . 
  in the past these parades were more of a political statement calling for equality , protection and representation .
