  you 're safe if you 're smart , as you would be in most places . 
  i was first hesitant travelling to iran solo as a gay man yet i found their people some of the most welcoming . 
  the only place i 've had issues in is israel , our two countries are hostile . 
  they seem to be the only people on the ground making any real advancement . 
  the iraqi army are useless and all the west does is bomb indiscriminately . 
  the turks trying to kill them does n't help the matter . 
  back in the country a lot of my older relatives have only recently been in close contact with people of other races ( care homes , nurses etc ) . 
  they still refer to many of them as ` coloured ' which i ca n't help but wince at . 
  it 's more being ignorant of modern political correctness as opposed to racism . 
  i have no loyalty to employers , when i find a better salary or environment i move . 
  employers too often take advantage of younger employees not providing any real progression within the company , keeping them dispensable . 
  none, 
  i highly doubt any considerable amount of the population are willing to take up arms for northern ireland . 
  the irish military is pretty much non-existent too . 
  you never know brexit might go so badly that northern ireland vote to join the republic . 
  once scotland becomes independent it 'll only be a matter of time . 
  we do n't live in the 1920s anymore . 
  armed resistance today would n't rid the country of the english , a referendum of independence would . 
  no civilians having guns , only exception for gamekeepers under strict circumstances . 
  no irish is n't really spoken in day to day life in ireland . 
  there are small communities where they make the effort to speak it primarily , but generally no . 
  i 'm nowhere near fluent , just about hold a conversation . 
  arabic ( just about get by ) and french . 
  nowadays the educated young move , usually to english speaking countries . 
  i have family in canada , the uk , new zealand , uae , us , australia . 
  no one ( as of yet ) wants to move back , the opportunities just are n't there . 
  the few that i know that 're moving back are coming back to retire . 
  well success can be defined in many ways . 
  if you define success by peace , happiness , levels of education and equality of the people , then scandinavian countries are the most successful . 
  if it 's purely economic , then you 're looking at the us and china . 
  by western european standards , the us is in many ways still socially conservative . 
  institutional racism is still very much an issue , trans rights/people are systematically targeted , lack of lgbt rights in certain states etc. 
  in terms of religious freedom and acceptance , it very much seems to be only the freedom of judaism and christianity . 
  prevalence and practice of religion is far more common too . 
  american attitudes of individualism over collectivism is one of the cultural differences between americans and europeans . 
  the idea that to improve one 's socio-economic situation is purely down to hard work seems to me to ignore the greater powers at play which seek to stifle social and economic progression . 
  i have no issue with paying more tax so we all benefit from universal healthcare , a welfare state , good schools etc , yet even my more liberal american friends have the attitude that if their own life is sorted , why should they pay for anyone else . 
  well hilary was n't the right candidate imo . 
  the two party system really needs to end . 
  300m people ca n't be boxed into two parties , the disparity between sanders and clinton 's politics was far too great . 
  well the us to me as a whole is generally both socially and economically conservative , electing trump is a continuation of that . 
  that said the younger generations feeling the bern had surprised me . 
  i think i 'll call it the secret place from now on . 
  communism is a stateless society . 
  marx believed in a ` dictatorship of the proletariat ' , power in the hands of the people , not a totalitarian head of state like stalin , mao , kim . 
  i 'm doubtful communism would work either . 
  firstly , you need a selfless population wanting to work towards a greater good , without the need for secret police or propaganda . 
  secondly you need those in power during the transition between capitalism and communism not be corrupt and go mad with their complete centralised power . 
  that 's one of the reasons why the ussr was so brutal , stalin had no intention of eventually giving up power . 
  lenin trued to stop him getting into power before he died . 
  communism is an ideology of a utopian society with the absence of class , money , hierarchy with common ownership . 
  as such there has never been a true communist nation . 
  the ideals of marx had been hijacked by totalitarian heads of state which resulted in the disastrous , police state , 1984 type situations that defined ` communist ' nations . 
  communism as an ideology does n't call for the actions by the likes of stalin . 
  transatlantic flights are expensive for now at least . 
  i think norwegian air and ryanair are planning routes which will only drive prices down with the competition . 
  once you get to europe though flights are very cheap . 
  i 've been to the us twice , and the middle east/north africa a few times . 
  flights to these regions in the past few years have gotten cheaper now that low cost airlines are establishing more routes . 
  in terms of the middle east , american intervention is the worst kind of intervention . 
  the likes of iraq , iran , palestine would be far better off without the us military or cia coups . 
  french and arabic , i used to work in palestine and lebanon . 
  ethnicity is irrelevant to me , culture and their societal views are more important . 
  if someone comes to the country and is willing to integrate and abide by local customs/laws then i do n't care . 
  why would they have any flag at all ? 
  i think the building itself looks interesting but it looks like a spaceship next to arthurs seat . 
  it would look better over financial district, 
  i think architecture needs to respect the surroundings . 
  i 'm not against modern architecture , but when buildings like [ this ] ( http://www.solarpowerportal.co.uk/files/images/scottish_parliament_from_salisbury_crags.jpg ) are built next to [ this ] ( http://adventureswithandrea.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/holyrood-palace.jpg ) i really do n't like it . 
  from my experience one of the big cultural differences between americans and europeans generally is individualism vs collectivism . 
  even more liberal americans i 've worked with have the idea that if they are comfortable then why should they pay for someone else . 
  the american dream and ` pull yourself up by your bootstraps ' ideology is very much ingrained . 
  obviously, 
  [ my commute through edinburgh botanic gardens ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bpm3tvuaqyx/?taken-by=joey.francis ) [ my gym ] ( http://static.thousandwonders.net/holyrood.park.original.24995.jpg ), 
  i find it annoying how ignorant americans are about modern day ireland considering millions call themselves irish . 
  every ` irish ' - american i 've encountered has this idea that ireland is still the same as when their great grandfather came over . 
  also a lot of americans with a fondness for ireland seem to be rather right-wing and religious and seem to think such attitudes would be welcome here . 
  i doubt many of them realise the catholic church is losing its influence and there is n't really a right-wing populist movement to belong to . 
  hamas is seriously bad pr for the palestinian cause . 
  it 's easy for the uninformed to view them as representative of the whole nation . 
  although what is happening in gaza is inexcusable , they are in no way offering any potential progress . 
  that ( and a lot of american work culture and laws ) to me is horribly dystopian . 
  work to live , not live to work . 
  american workers are fucked over enough without further job insecurity . 
  well english is obviously my first language . 
  irish is mandatory in school so i 'm fairly alright with it . 
  started french in school also , stuck with it . 
  with arabic i am learning , very hard but my work involves issues in the middle east so i 'm eager to practice . 
  i usually watch france24 and listen to lebanese radio to get accustomed to accents and colloquial speaking patterns etc. 
  once you get to mainland europe , trains are significantly cheaper . 
  british train prices are extortionate no matter where you travel , probably best to fly . 
  thanks !, 
  [ edinburgh ] ( https://format-com-cld-res.cloudinary.com/image/private/s--rkexkhd9--/c_limit,g_center,h_550,w_65535/a_auto,fl_keep_iptc.progressive,q_95/instadone_ckkdgj.jpg ), 
  america does n't really have a left in the political sphere , i mean there 's the green party but unfortunately they 'll never have a chance . 
  i would definitely consider hilary right wing considering many of her stances . 
  anyone should have access to abortion , healthcare and education for free . 
  i have no time for religious idiocy when it comes to healthcare ; if you do n't like abortion then do n't have one . 
  ah sure apart from their syrian , afghan , iraqi , ukrainian , georgian , lithuanian , finnish , estonian assaults , laughable propaganda , failing economy , gender and class inequality , political and economic corruption , satanic church , targeting of lgbt citizens , cultural racism , blind unfathomable nationalism , soviet imperialism , it 's pretty alright . 
  abortion ban . 
  a country that just legalised gay marriage still would rather women die in diy abortions or imprison them than provide women with medical and emotional support .
