i 'm well aware lgbt people are discriminated against worldwide , and i 'm well aware of just how badly the situation is for gay and trans individuals in turkey trapped in poverty as there are no laws protecting them from discrimination in employment , housing education , housing , health care . 
  nor are women safe from turkey 's deplorable statistics on domestic violence against women . 
  i actually work for a charity that helps lgbt people who 've suffered everything from death threats to beatings because of their sexuality , many of which come from middle eastern backgrounds , but of course european people are ignorant yeah ? 
  people there have no understanding of what homosexuality is . 
  a lot see it as haram or even contagious . 
  that combined with their vile treatment of women is not a country that should be promoted as a holiday destination . 
  if they did n't elect such a far-right islamic party hell bent on making the lives of women and lgbt society insufferable , maybe they would n't be in the state they 're in , that and being in cahoots with isis , no thanks . 
  not surprised with the uk . 
  hegemonic thought seems to lean to the right regardless of the plight of the lower classes, 
  two really good irish films : [ the wind that shakes the barley ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhn5_guco5e ) - about the irish war of independence and [ angela 's ashes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zlpf1xdnko ) - memoir about the struggles of living in 1930s ireland . 
  the conservatives hold views that are pretty much the exact opposite of mine , and with the country becoming more and more right wing i do n't see much hope for the future . 
  i despise everything he and his party stands for , he needs to go . 
  that is only one factor in making lgbt minorities more equal in society , and as i said , gay marriage still discriminates against trans individuals . 
  the tories do n't give a shit about lgbt society , nor any minority for that matter . 
  unlike the rest of the major parties , the conservatives do n't even have an lgbt manifesto . 
  it was cameron who voted against the repeal of section 28 , only to apologise shortly before running for the general election . 
  he said himself in 2010 that lgbt issues isnt of concern and did n't need any policies . 
  it was the conservatives that refused to support labour 's plan to make same sex education compulsory in schools . 
  25 % of homeless youth are lgbt , yet the only charities to support lgbt people are about to close . 
  if you really think the conservatives are a progressive party whether generally or on lgbt issues you 're deluded . 
  they 've slashed funding to lgbt centres forcing them to close , they voted against introducing mandatory same sex education in schools , they continue to trade with countries that have deplorable human rights records . 
  same sex marriage as put forward is not full equality , pension inheritance rights are fewer for same-sex couples , it discriminates against trans individuals also . 
  i could go on all day . 
  considering how the conservatives have treated the likes of the disabled , those from lower socio-economic backgrounds , women , lgbt people , the mentally incapacitated , to name a few , i dread to think what rights the conservatives deem the public should have . 
  i mean , cameron wants to abolish the human rights act , need i say more ? 
  no need to be a cunt is there ? 
  ` normal people ' ahahaha alright george, 
  hmm , considering you do n't understand the differences in celtic languages , nor have any regard for facts , maybe it 's best to just not bother commenting on things you do n't understand . 
  its clear from your previous comments you have a bone with ireland , i wondered where your superiority complex came from . 
  christ what 's with your attitude ? 
  irish is part of the school curriculum and millions speak gaelic at least to some capacity . 
  g\u00e0idhlig is different from gaeilge and is considered a different language . 
  there are similarities as there are similarities between spanish and portuguese . 
  try learning a language , it might help expand your horizons . 
  i 'm from ireland and speak gaelic , how exactly is n't that my language ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  i 'm referring to gaeilge, 
  do n't bother with ours , learn something useful like french , arabic or spanish, 
  i 'm fucking sick of candy crush too \u270a, 
  if everyone could be less of a gobshite to one another we 'd be a whole lot better off . 
  and the gays are causing floods and storms in the uk , getting more powerful by the day . 
  not surprised , i have to focus with some accents in my own country . 
  he can feck off . 
  [ some of them have caught on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1fvvga2uco ), 
  like nationality , race , disability , religion , homosexuality is just another factor that subverts a racist 's understanding of society and their nation . 
  147 % is an extreme increase considering most police do n't usually give the severity of homophobia the attention it needs . 
  these people want an idealised britain , pre thatcher and pre-immigration of the mid 20th century . 
  this does n't exist obviously so their pack mentality leads them to scare tactics . 
  ther have been [ numerous ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2016/06/28/london-group-sings-hate-chant-after-britain-votes-to-leave-eu/ ) [ accounts ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/14584292.nazi_stickers_with_racist_and_homophobic_messages_found_in_glasgow_following_eu_referendum/ ) of [ scum ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/we-won-now-send-back-8295545 ) feeling as though their opinions are validated by brexit . 
  with downright lies such as ' a country that works for everyone ' ? 
  even at the conservative conference in birmingham , mps were quick to say that in reality their economic plan ` will work for some more than others ' . 
  or in other words , a plan which focuses purely on the interests of the elites ... again . 
  no you made the assumption that i 'm happy for immigrants to work in those conditions . 
  i never illuded to that nor did i mention immigrants . 
  as i clearly do n't like the tories , clearly i do n't condone their exploitation of anyone , but of course as that is n't explicitly written for you , you must n't understand . 
  ah yes that 's exactly what i meant . 
  i 'm sure these jobs will pay enough for workers to afford rent/mortgages , living expenses , a social life and a holiday ? 
  oh wait , 0 hour contracts , 0 job security , exploitation and a working-poor wage under this government . 
  ... whilst the uk only cares about oil and investment . 
  trump is that you ? 
  neither do i on those positions , yet he is the leader of the opposition that wants to backtrack on tory austerity , end nhs privatisation and stop cuts to the welfare state . 
  there is no way that i could ever vote for the tories after what they 've done . 
  so which policy of his are you against exactly ? 
  you joke yet vote for the tories is a vote for the disabled into the workhouses , thousands have died just two weeks after being told they are ` fit for work ' . 
  but yes , heaven forbid someone wants to help those less fortunate . 
  yes because fuck the poor and disabled, 
  heard it all now, 
  they 'll fund against global aids yet the nhs refuses to prescribe prep ? 
  did i say they have the exact same disability ? 
  the degree of disability and type is what categorises each paralympic sport . 
  each paralympian completes with others with the same level of disability , what are you on about ? 
  i think he meant toilet cleaner, 
  says the man who refers to homosexuality as a ` condition , ' refuses france 's ambassador purely because he 's gay , and refuses to meet lgbt groups in favour of kim davis . 
  that 's pretty unfair considering half the nation did n't vote for brexit . 
  may has already admitted that if she wants access to the single market she 'll have to allow eu migrants in . 
  is a russian invasion of lithuania a possibility or is america just sticking it 's arse where it does n't belong as always ? 
  the tories are really out-doing themselves on their pursuit to make the lives of the less fortunate a living hell . 
  not surprising , the uk has suffered from a ` brain drain ' for years . 
  there just isnt enough investment in northern cities to warrant more graduates staying in the north . 
  you 've just highlighted your indifference towards the persecuted minority . 
  just because you have little empathy for lgbt people does n't mean others should n't . 
  this thread is about homosexuality . 
  russia is a shit show when it comes to poor standards of living with the exploitation of immigrants , racism and white supremacy , lack of freedom of press , russian imperialism in georgia , poland , lithuania , crimea , ukraine , estonia , the disgusting actions of the orthodox church ... im under no illusion that its only lgbt people that are fucked . 
  watch the documentary ` hunted ' . 
  the crew follow the nazis as they lure gay people to torture them . 
  likewise , i 'm not going to search for rape videos for you . 
  you clearly have your mind made up and know best apparently . 
  if you want to see the reality of the lives of lgbt people in russia do your research , your political bias aside . 
  lebanon decriminalised it i believe in 2014 , this is out of date . 
  i 'm gay and had a great time in beirut , it 's about as liberal as tel aviv . 
  are you seriously saying that gay people are n't being targeted in russia ? 
  heard it all now . 
  they wo n't come up on google , you 'll have to search in live leaks - the same site uncensored isis videos appear . 
  if you really want to watch them , they 're usually posted on vk.com or live leaks . 
  they are a neo-nazi group who believe homosexuality = pedophilia . 
  channel 4 produced a documentary about them around the time of the sochi games . 
  state media/orthodox church perpetuate the idea that gay people are pedophiles , that it is a choice , and that homosexuality is a ` western disease ' that infiltrated russia . 
  these gangs set up grindr profiles luring young guys into apartments to rape/torture and kill them . 
  tbh if they conducted a survey on acceptance , the map would n't look much different in the east/north africa . 
  the muslim women i 've worked with from the middle east have different understanding of freedom .
