  christ above someone needs to take this guy out . 
  i do n't know where you live but often councils commission graffiti artists to spruce up tired buildings . 
  that 's the catholic church for ye, 
  completely illegal unless necessary in order to save the life of the mother . 
  it has sparked a whole industry facilitating irish women to have abortions in the uk , even ryanair has special flight times to allow them to get to appointments . 
  morning after pills are being flown over in balloons from the north . 
  madness the lot of it . 
  we 're the north korea of women 's rights it seems . 
  the government spends millions on hasbara propaganda in america , so the likes of ireland or sweden speaking up is irrelevant to them . 
  the mere deployment of peacekeeping troops in lebanon was enough for israel to cry anti semitism and terrorist sympathizer . 
  less and less aircraft are landing in shannon now thankfully . 
  that said , to hardline islamists ireland 's cushty relationship with america whilst proclaiming neutrality is n't fooling anyone . 
  ireland 's work in southern lebanon over the years has improved relations with the region , apart from israel of course . 
  it 's almost as if good ol ` marx was sure of this reality over a hundred years ago . 
  is this the same street where the gay pride parade was met with tear gas and armed police ? 
  why would erdogan have allowed this march to go ahead ? 
  because a lot of us in ireland are brought up in the church , the institution is far too engrained in the culture that to declare a lack of faith is like turning back on a part of your culture . 
  that said a lot of people now may not believe but still say they 're catholic as the church was their childhood , community and family . 
  seems the catholic church is still too powerful in ireland . 
  oh grow up , every society ` shoves ' heteronormativity . 
  a parade to show solidarity , acceptance and positive representations is nothing dirty . 
  just because you do n't understand sex and gender does n't mean it is n't fact , it 's pretty basic psychology . 
  but hey , keep fretting about other people 's genitalia , must be a simple life . 
  i would n't have a problem with yanks having rudimentary understanding of sex and gender , but when discriminatory laws are being enforced that have no basis in fact but rather pure bigotry and ignorance , that 's when i care . 
  do these people really have that much time on their hands ? 
  it 's the same with america 's obsession with transgender people taking a piss . 
  who the fuck cares what other people do their own bodies christ above . 
  i 'm gay myself , i think i 'd know what 's reality and what is ignorant stereotypes, 
  your stereotype of gay people is very outdated and has 0 bearing on one 's ability to raise a child . 
  under such logic , should women with masculine tendencies or sensitive metrosexual men be disallowed the chance to raise a child ? 
  [ research ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/health-and-families/health-news/children-in-gay-adoptions-at-no-disadvantage-8518004.html ) has shown kids in same-sex families are at no disadvantage than having heterosexual parents . 
  the only thing that would harm the child would be being met with this ignorance . 
  how exactly does ` special snowflake behaviour ' , whatever that is , have anything to do with gay adoption ? 
  a lot of it comes from the ignorant view that sexuality is a choice , especially in countries like russia . 
  thus people choosing to be gay and not having children , in the face of declining populations and traditional societal expectations etc is for some , a detachment from their nation and and influence of the west . 
  i have absolutely no time for any gobshite who wants to inhibit equality whilst sitting on rights and privileges they 've never had to fight for . 
  it 's not going to work , those that vote for her are only concerned with immigration and islam , so having realistic pledges on anything is n't needed . 
  that 's because before they took crimea , they did n't have anywhere viable to have a navy . 
  the only place they had was vladivostok . 
  read ` prisoners of geography ' by tim marshall it gives a good overview of the future of geopolitics, 
  russia 's military spending is one of the reason why their economy is collapsing . 
  take their new t-14 tank , it 's technology is 10 years ahead of the us , 20 ahead of the uk [ apparently ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/05/uk-military-intelligence-issues-warning-over-russian-super-tank/ ) . 
  the only thing russia was lacking was a warm water point in crimea which now gives them access to the mediterranean and beyond . 
  in terms of their military , russian technology is superior to that of the us and nato , and now with their first warm water port in crimea their influence on europe will keep on growing . 
  to be fair edinburgh is n't too far north in scotland and its weather is similar to anywhere in northern england . 
  too much to ask of the yanks . 
  i have n't downvoted you actually . 
  there must be someone else who thinks the poles a bit too far up there, 
  i could quote harry potter it would offer as much as yours to the discussion . 
  that may be your definition of human nature , i would call that an example of an arsehole , which in simple terms is who is in power in venezuela who is essentially a dictator who refuses to step down . 
  if socialism is corruption , i guess you 're for the abolishment of the nhs , free education ... 
  except whats happening in venezuela is corruption , not socialism . 
  good thing what i said was true, 
  because people do n't do their own research , get their information and news from facebook , read right wing papers that lie about immigration and push nationalism and segregation ... 
  it 's like any white , working class poor town , too many uneducated , insular morons . 
  coming from someone who got out of such a place . 
  because i do n't believe putting a flag over your profile picture is caring ? 
  there 's more to solidarity than social media . 
  no the reality is people do n't post those pictures up for every new attack . 
  i saw no photos for lebanon , palestine , pakistan or even jordan that happened 3 days ago . 
  under that logic no one cares if terrorist attacks happen outside of europe . 
  engaging in whatever facebook deems important enough isnt solidarity . 
  there 's a difference between lighting a candle at a public vigil for instance and updating your profile picture . 
  one is called respect , the other is making sure you are n't forgotten on a day that does n't involve you . 
  image overlays count as caring now ? 
  i always found those things selfish . 
  an atrocity is no reason to plaster social media with meaningless images for people to feel like they care . 
  will the israeli government ever stop throwing their toys out the pram and listen to any whiff of criticism ? 
  nah thought not . 
  morocco , jordan and lebanon are pretty stable atm tbh . 
  it 's definitely warmer in scotland this year , i hate it ahh . 
  what about those who work in these businesses ? 
  why should their health be at risk ? 
  smoking is bad for the individual and those in the vicinity , why should people 's choices override people 's health ? 
  its been so long since ireland banned smoking in such places i find it so old fashioned it 's still the norm elsewhere . 
  conversion therapy causes serious physical and psychological trauma for the individual . 
  you can not change your sexuality , this is simply permitted torture . 
  how is the left getting out of control when you have the likes of le pen , trump and farage ? 
  none of them have any viable solution , just fuck the eu , close all borders , demonise everyone they see fit , and hope the economy works out ? 
  clearly has n't worked that way with brexit . 
  the only hope for the us to get out of the shit it 's in was sanders , who really was n't that left wing . 
  but thanks to the media and largely ignorant population , any whiff of socialist policy was equated to communism . 
  i 'm not surprised the left are furious in the us , the electoral college is a joke to say the least . 
  thank god not every country is turning reactionist right . 
  since when has the uk been ` plagued ' by such a thing ? 
  talk about a hyperbole . 
  i spent one year in belgium , brussels , ghent and bruges are all nice and very christmassy, 
  everything i have listed details why israel is illegally occupying palestine . 
  but on that remark , considering i worked with charities offering enrichment activities for disabled palestinian children , i know for a fact thousands of palestinians do not have access to adequate education and healthcare . 
  thousands do not have access to required medical and psychological care due to the illegal military checkpoints littering the west bank , no access to israeli only roads which cut off access to these facilities , and a complete lack of funding to palestinian medical/education institutions due to israel limiting foreign investment and aid . 
  clearly if you needed this basic information spelled out , maybe comment on issues you understand/have experience with . 
  the creation of israel in 1948 and the arab-israeli war forcibly removed hundreds of thousands ( 850k ) of palestinians from their homes . 
  that day ended the british mandate for palestine . 
  again in the 1967 war , further hundreds of thousands were forced out of their homes , ordered to relocate into the west bank , gaza , or jordan . 
  if you want an insight from israeli soldiers who took part in the six day war and the subsequent removal of palestinians , watch [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b06s0g85 ) . 
  i 'm not surprised the documentary is censored by the israeli government . 
  palestinians have no right to return to their own lands , no right to build settlements under discriminatory building regulations , no freedom of movement in the west bank ( their designated land by the un geneva convention ) with illegal outposts , no freedom to use roads in their own land , no freedom to govern their own land , no freedom of movement into jerusalem , no freedom of education , no freedom of movement to their own hospitals , universities , businesses , no freedom of movement from gaza , no freedom of literature , no interfaith marriage ... 
  i could go on considering i have worked and lived in the west bank ... 
  what exactly is nonsense ? 
  clearly if israel does n't have any issue with producing on occupied land , then they should have no issue with the public knowing which produce is from occupied lands .
