  now pretty much every gay pride has become heavily commercialised as brands ` pinkwash ' for publicity . 
  i do n't know if it 's a main reason but one of the prerequisites for joining the eu is having lgbt anti-discrimination laws . 
  in 2015 they passed a law banning workplace discrimination of sexual orientation and gender identity . 
  is n't there a push to pass lgbt protection legislation in order for ukraine to join the eu ? 
  surely they 'd rather just pass laws albeit reluctantly in order to join . 
  and what did the us do after the revolution ? 
  they granted asylum to pahlavi , the very man america helped overthrow . 
  this is the reason why the hostage situation happened and the subsequent sanctions for 30 years . 
  the us were there to serve their own interests and nothing more . 
  the middle east would be a far more peaceful place if western powers did n't intervene at every opportunity . 
  the realities of capitalism sure is depressing i know . 
  the heads of state in these ` communist ' nations had no intention of giving up power . 
  the likes of mao and stalin relished in the centralised power and created totalitarian regimes under the guise of communism . 
  no one capitalist , socialist , or otherwise with a brain cell would defend the actions of these people . 
  there is nothing communist about gulags , concentration camps or police states . 
  that said , if you want to see the brutality of capitalism , just look at the middle east . 
  how many lives have been lost in order to gain natural resources and western influence ? 
  how much money are british , turkish , american arms companies making off these endless wars ? 
  there is no money in peace . 
  iran , for instance , before the cia backed revolution was a thriving secular state . 
  the us did n't want another nation adopting socialist policies or government so brought a brutal islamist that still hangs over the country today . 
  how much money are the elites in china making off the new generations of factory slaves under state capitalism ? 
  * totalitarianism, 
  i prefer to think that as a gay man , i 'm responsible for the downfall of society and cause of natural disasters . 
  religious fanatics make me feel like a super hero . 
  of course this is gay rights . 
  the rights of lgbt people includes the right to live freely without persecution . 
  the lgbt rights movements did n't start by calling for marriage equality , they had to fight for the right to live freely , before anything else . 
  gay rights is just another frontier to social progression . 
  gay is the new black . 
  as long as they share european values and stay clear of russia , i do n't see a problem . 
  ah damn , i like m\u00e5ns, 
  are they speaking english ? 
  someone give the belgian girl a hug . 
  so if the second independence referendum is a success there should be war ? 
  as much as i like braveheart lets not get any ideas . 
  and just like that i 'm a capitalist . 
  i 'm a communist but would never support these morons . 
  abstaining does nothing but help le pen and wrecking the joint does fuck all but ruin the city and their cause . 
  she ca n't do that with her own nation let alone those pesky foreigners . 
  how on earth is supporting gay people , women and the homeless considered hardcore ? 
  if these nations looked after their people better then other nations would n't need to interfere . 
  supporting citizens is n't liberal lobbying , it 's the common sense decent thing to do . 
  i 'm glad this is a key focus . 
  those that voted for brexit clearly did n't give a toss about the potential future of northern ireland . 
  with that orange gobshite at the helm , the last thing any nation needs is us intervention . 
  about lgbt rights ? 
  my guess is she could n't give two shits over russia 's treatment of gay people , in chechnya or otherwise considering putin is financings her . 
  she has a gay poster boy and suddenly shes not socially conservative . 
  having token gays in the party does n't mean fn care about lgbt society . 
  theyre no different to every far right party in europe trying to modernise their image . 
  sad how french sexual minorities are ready to vote their rights away . 
  why are there no reports of riots on the bbc or france 24 ? 
  the difference in coverage between networks is stark . 
  would n't have known if i did n't switch to rt to see their hourly anti-west propaganda . 
  james gralton - the only irishman to be deported from ireland . 
  it is giving an oppressive dictator more power ? 
  ramallah and southern lebanon helping the displaced improve their living conditions, 
  my nationality does n't influence my opinion actually , my work with palestinian refugees does . 
  either that or someone with severe historical amnesia . 
  sad either way . 
  they do n't have the right to return according to netanyahu , violating international law . 
  i 'm afraid the millions of people that died by the hand of british occupying forces would disagree with you . 
  to say that the british isles was something that belong to and shared by all is just nonsense . 
  if by shared you mean forcibly taken and stripped of resources then i would agree . 
  i mean crops grown on irish land were taken and transported to england as the irish population starved in the famine . 
  where was ireland 's share in any of that ? 
  fact of the matter is , the british empire was a horrific time in history that only served the interests of the english . 
  the british have been invading and occupying ireland for over 800 years . 
  gaeilge was very widely spoken until the 17th century when the british made it a crime to even speak the language . 
  following that you had the famine which wiped out the population . 
  then the subsequent war of independence in the 1920s occurred at a time where speaking the irish language could still get you locked up by the british army . 
  they do have programs in ireland where teenagers spend a summer at camps where only gaeilge is spoken in order to improve skills . 
  apart from that and having the language in the curriculum there is n't much else done to my knowledge . 
  there really is n't the enthusiasm to keep the language alive in day to day life as english is spoken everywhere but a few remote communities and islands . 
  do you mean irish should be taught as a first language ? 
  that may have been the case if the british did n't stifle the language as part of their occupation . 
  i 'd rather spend my time learning languages like french or arabic than a language only spoken daily by less than eighty thousand . 
  thousands of languages are threatened around the world either through globalisation or imperialism of the past , irish is just one . 
  less than [ half ] ( https://whistlinginthewind.org/2015/08/20/why-dont-the-irish-speak-irish/ ) of the population know the language and less than 2 % use it regularly . 
  sad to say but the language is dying , it does n't make sense to push it when there are far more beneficial languages to learn . 
  the daily express headlines make it look like war is mere days away . 
  christ you 're defensive . 
  im not palestinian , i 'm only relaying what they 've said to me . 
  the nonsense you 've said does n't offer anything to the discussion , just spouting off your own prejudice it appears . 
  maybe you should try and talk to palestinians yourself and get their opinions instead of whatever news source you 've accepted as truth and maybe your opinion might have some worth . 
  no ... i spoke to them ? 
  you seem to know them more than me though . 
  tell me how is your arabic ? 
  i 've worked with palestinian refugees in ramallah and in southern lebanon . 
  actually if you speak to palestinians in the west bank the majority of people want israel to abide by international law , to get out of the west bank and to honour the two state solution . 
  although most unfortunately have given up hope of any of those requests as netanyahu does n't want palestinian to exist in any way . 
  talk that palestinian s want the end of israel is nothing more than hasbara propaganda pulling up positions from hamas in the 1980s that have since been retracted, 
  when the us stops funding israel and they abide by international law for once . 
  what sort of volunteering did you do ? 
  a lot of the opportunities with that seem to be year long positions that appear to be just unpaid labour . 
  one step forward , two steps back with irish politics . 
  was n't there plans to build a bridge from italy to the continent ? 
  ryanair simply refuses to board disabled passengers . 
  i 've worked in palestine and lebanon .
