  why should i care less for someone 's problems in another country ? 
  i have no pride or love for where i 'm from . 
  why are we encouraged to take pride in our nation over others , defining nations by stereotypes and hegemonic thought ? 
  to me that is such a strange notion . 
  really not a fan of this insular thought , nationalism is such a regressive ideology . 
  gay people were n't allowed to serve in militaries because they would cause ` major distractions ' from the missions . 
  that is your argument . 
  the same arguments were given to pretty much every minority to prevent them from joining militaries for the past hundred years , sex is just the next barrier . 
  the mere presence of women may jepardise missions ? 
  christ am i speaking to someone in the 40s ? 
  the same arguments were given to prevent gay or trans people from fighting . 
  athleticism of the individual is what 's important and now capable women are permitted and all the better for them . 
  if a woman has the physical capability to be on the front line then if they want to fight then they should . 
  if ground troops fought the likes of isis , being a woman would be an advantage . 
  isis believe if they are killed by a women they wo n't go to heaven . 
  female kurdish fighters have taken advantage of this and made a lot more progress than disastrous drone strikes . 
  backwards stereotypes of the sexes do n't belong anywhere . 
  i forgot a woman 's place is in the kitchen . 
  fully behind the protests , disgusting that the government is trying to bleed every bit out of the people . 
  tbh , the most worrying thing is the inability to publicly critique israeli actions either by the military or government . 
  every mention of israel in a critical sense in the media or political spheres is framed to be antisemitic . 
  disagreeing with right-wing government targeting and discrimination against palestinians has absolutely nothing to do with race or religion . 
  i do n't care what religion you believe in or where you sit on the political spectrum , if you agree with keeping populations in open air prisons , you need to get your head checked . 
  i visited palestine previously having very little understanding of the conflicts and seeing first hand the horrific conditions palestinians live in at the hands of israel , mo be there is no excusing their disproportionate brutality . 
  venezuela always comes up whenever a different economic system is proposed . 
  venezuela has one of the largest oil reserves in the world , and if it was nationalised and wealth properly distributed , the nation would n't be in it 's situation . 
  the ` socialist ' party is only socialist by name . 
  it has manipulated the work of marx , like the soviets , and gutted the nation of millions of dollars which mysteriously disappeared with the corrupt politicians . 
  venezuela is essentially totalitarian today . 
  i doubt any other european nation will head in spain 's direction but i 'm not surprised they 're looking for another economic plan . 
  i 'm moving the spain , i 'm sick to death of far-right gobshites . 
  despite the brexit scaremongering , the nhs is desperate for doctors and nurses . 
  yeah i totally agree . 
  i have a russian friend who explained how the kremlin are forever concerned with it 's people viewing the west favourably . 
  they will do anything to prevent another fall like that of eastern germany . 
  they needed to instil nationalism to the degree akin to soviet times and gay people were an easy target . 
  universally disliked in russian society , religious or not the population are overwhelmingly very conservative and view homosexuality as some liberal west ` invasion ' . 
  whether the russian people are actually believe state media on their anti-west agenda or simply already hold their ideology , i really do n't see any positive progression culturally for that nation for a long time . 
  sadly , even well travelled , more open minded russians think non-traditional identity is something of a joke . 
  maybe i 'm bias being gay myself but i just ca n't fathom why people are so rigorously anti-gay . 
  do these people truly believe the mere existence of gay people will bring the end of civilisation . 
  sure if you 're religious fine , but you still have a brain . 
  you do its called being able to live freely anywhere in the world and not fear persecution for your heterosexuality . 
  the conservatives argued that walls will be built , with border checkpoints and patrols akin to that at the mexican-us border , pretty much every bank and major business operating in scotland threatened to leave the country , losing the pound , increased terrorism , isolation from england and the us , all benefits and pensions will go ... 
  i 'm not saying the yes campaign was perfect , but the ` arguments ' against independence painted scotland to be a wasteland without westminster . 
  it looked as though the daily mail ran the campaign . 
  i mean , telling the older generations their pensions would be wiped , the disabled that their benefits would be no more was textbook scaremongering and preying on the vulnerable . 
  cameron still has n't fulfilled his promises to scotland he reluctantly agreed to and the scottish know this . 
  pretty much every political party , bar greens , are terrified of another referendum as pro independence polls are far more in favour now . 
  it 's only a matter of time until scotland becomes independent . 
  i do n't know why big business keeps coming out against brexit . 
  the 40 + demographics are consistently pro-brexit . 
  from what i 've seen , they 're stubbornly holding onto misconceptions about the eu and lapping up the scary muslim immigration shite the right love to harp on about . 
  only hope is for scotland and the younger generations to keep them in . 
  i 'd love it if the scottish kept the uk in after the relentless english scaremongering against their independence . 
  exactly what the kremlin has done . 
  their economy is in trouble and nationalism was decreasing , thus they propagate against the west and everything it stands for . 
  great . 
  it baffles me why societies facing discrimination themselves refuse to ally with others facing discrimination . 
  empathy is hard to come by these days . 
  after his ` reforms ' led to thousands of disabled people without homes , cars or jobs and a growing number of suicides , he abruptly left the party stating that the reforms he imposed were ` too much ' and that the disabled were being unfairly targeted . 
  disabled peoples living expenses , cars and homes were taken away after impersonal ` interviews ' by an outsourced company asked to scrutinise whether they are disabled ` enough ' . 
  if a wheelchair user could walk 10 meters their car was taken away . 
  if they lived in accommodation with a spare room often used to store equipment , they were kicked out . 
  they 've deemed people fit for work with everything from half a head to severe mental illness . 
  if they could walk they had to work . 
  in reality , while in the party , there have been countless protests against him , and has been questioned countless times over his decision to fuck over the disabled and had repeatedly refuted any responsibility and denies anyone had died . 
  he left the party purely in retaliation over the prime minister 's refusal to back britain leaving the eu . 
  this man is a murderer , his words are filth . 
  yes i agree that culturally men are being raised to view women as less than . 
  what i mean is people should n't view people from other religions and cultures as ignorant and thinking handing out pamphlets and telling them how to treat women is going to change anything . 
  putting it simply , the majority of people know that harming another person is n't something they should do , yet western society look at their religion , culture or gender roles and see that as the primary reason . 
  regardless of one 's religion , or background , people know what is right or wrong . 
  to assume rapists need education , to me both naive and further perpetuates racism and stigmatization of immigrants . 
  there are thousands of forward thinking , liberal and open minded individuals escaping wars - but with them comes plenty of bad eggs ( to put it kindly ) and that must be addressed . 
  people who commit these disgusting acts know damn well what they are doing is wrong , against their religion ( whatever it may be ) , and culture they are from or have emigrated to . 
  this is what annoys me about the ` consent ' lectures gaining popularity in universities . 
  everyone knows what consent is , its simply vile men who make the decision to rape . 
  glad they won , her song seemed very personal to her . 
  pretty nice to see the sourpuss on russia . 
  they 'll have to wait another year to attempt some positive propaganda campaign . 
  i wonder if they will compete after ukraine threatened to boycott their potential win . 
  fucking love eurovision , great craic, 
  you 've just proven my point , totally not gay homophobes really are obsessed with gay sex , funny that . 
  well that ` unnatural ' argument has been debunked for many years as homosexual relationships have been documented in thousands of animals , and is often common place amongst social animals as a form of bonding and establishment of hierarchy in groups . 
  secondly , ` demands ' of lgbt society are to be treated exactly the same under the law and in the larger society . 
  to not be discriminated against . 
  is that a crazy demand ? 
  thirdly , you 've just highlighted your rudamentry understanding of sexuality . 
  sexual distinctions were invented in the 20th century as the church , amongst other institutions , were worried about society deviating from their promoted concept of the nuclear family . 
  they did ' t want to promote lifestyles that contradicted the teachings of the church and they also wanted to make sure that women kept becoming pregnant to produce workers during the industrial revolution . 
  sexuality is neither binary nor a mental illness , it is widely regarded as genetic and fluid . 
  we 're all on the sexuality spectrum and you just might be a little more gay than you think you are . 
  i know i 'm not going to get a logical answer out of him . 
  its just the usual , do n't call me a homophobe i just do n't like gay shit shoved in my face argument reworded . 
  forgive me , can you explain how you 're not a homophobe yet have an issue with the progression of gay rights and a more progressive hegemonic opinion of lgbt society ? 
  ` i 'm not homophobic ... but ', 
  you seem very concerned with gay ` behaviour ' , 
  studies have shown that quite a lot of homophobic people are themselves somewhat gay . 
  i swear they 're more concerned with what lgbt people do in the bedroom than they are themselves .
