  obviously i can not speak for all women , nor can you . 
  however those i know choose to wear such dress . 
  to them , a women does n't have to wear a bikini to have agency or choice . 
  that is the limited understanding of eastern culture and religion politicians in france seem to constantly regugitate . 
  should western society tell women wearing one piece swimsuits that they need to wear less to be free ? 
  banning islamic dress does nothing but impede religious freedom and further isolate women . 
  like i said previously , it is not up to others to decide what people should wear . 
  a muslim woman can be educated and free , regardless of what she wears . 
  i would be amazed if this leads to a positive future for young muslim women . 
  if they are religious then they accept that the quran requires women to dress modestly . 
  by the state moving towards forbidding islamic dress arguing ( wrongly ) that it is a symbol of oppression , this i believe will cause more detachment and resentment to the secular government . 
  not every muslim woman wants to wears religious dress , but again that is their choice . 
  the government should leave it up to the individual as to what they wear , bans are inherently discriminatory . 
  what is happening now is essentially communalism . 
  devout muslims have their way of life and france has theirs . 
  there needs to be more give and take . 
  you can not banish religion from schools , ban muslim dress and take such a hardline approach to this . 
  as is evident this only drives further divides between french society and muslim immigrants . 
  i was watching a france24 report on the ` muslim perspective ' on what was happening in france and one kid said he did n't feel connected to the tragedy because he does n't consider himself to be ` fully french . ', 
  these kids have compartmentalised identities that are at ends with each other . 
  imo it 's only when further efforts for integration are encouraged that things will begin to change . 
  it 's only then that they wo n't see their nationality and religion as polar opposites . 
  maybe then they will have more conviction in identifying as simply french . 
  i never said anything about behaviour or privilege . 
  what i 'm saying is there needs to be at least discussions of religion in schools . 
  i 'm not advocating having classes devoted to studying the bible/quran etc but rather including discussions about culture and society . 
  in the uk for instance , there are projects which bring together kids of different faiths to learn from one another . 
  i myself work with immigrant families who struggle to integrate into scottish society , assisting them into employment and involving the kids in youth projects etc. 
  how france is dealing with their muslim populations clearly is n't working . 
  if you have muslim children being given the impression at school that religion has no place in french society is there any wonder why more and more are becoming radicalised ? 
  ideally that 's what we 'd all like those who are devout muslims to do , but i think this is a knee-jerk reaction that will only further polarise french muslims from the rest of the population . 
  integration efforts must come first , starting from school . 
  i agree with france 's la\u00efcit\u00e9 principle in schools , however banning the teaching of religions in schools does n't help foster mutual understanding or integration of children . 
  banning the veil will do nothing but further isolate women who abide strictly to such islamic fatwas . 
  for a lot of women who wear the niqab or hijab , they choose to do so . 
  if it is their choice to wear such dress , they are not oppressed . 
  this idea that the west must ` liberate ' the eastern ` other ' is inherently flawed and will only serve to further isolate religious women from integrating into france . 
  edward said 's work on orientalism and cultural representations is pretty relevant today . 
  was with him up until gay marriage . 
  for years the religious right have ` argued ' that same-sex marriage will lead to bestiality and pedophilia . 
  same-sex marriage is the campaign for the equality of citizens , but yet again the opposition belittles gay people and their demand for equality as nothing more than sex . 
  there is no difference between opposite and same-sex marriage , it is primarily about mutual love . 
  equating the progression of public opinion to include all consenting adults , to the abuse of children is downright absurd . 
  anything goes right it 's a ` miracle ' , anything goes wrong ` the lord works in mysterious ways ' . 
  the sooner people stop believing in story books and magic men in the sky the better for everyone . 
  i live in edinburgh and heard it a lot . 
  i just thought of it as a bit of banter until i met a young guy who vilified the english relentlessly . 
  funnily enough he 'd never left scotland . 
  a big part of the problem is parent who lived through the troubles are teaching their kids to hate the other side . 
  they do n't grow up having the opportunity really to think objectively and make their own conclusions . 
  kids are encouraged to attend marches and festivals like the eleventh night that do nothing but cement divides for the next generation . 
  just post more and more , i love it when the mere mention of anything lgbt related is enough to rise people . 
  no need to patronise . 
  i 'm not making up my own definition . 
  orlando and charleston had social objectives , likewise elliot roger did too . 
  the psychotic teenager shoots up his school because no girl wants to talk to him . 
  his objective is payback for being rejected for 8 years , he said himself ` tomorrow is the day of retribution ' . 
  you can be a fucked up kid or jumping on the isis bandwagon , if you shoot x number of people for a political or social objective , you are a terrorist . 
  us mainstream media frame these attacks around mental illness and family background . 
  no surprise with the power of the nra . 
  there is no true or false terrorist . 
  a terrorist acts to invoke terror through violence . 
  whether that be targeting specific groups of society or anyone , they are still terrorists . 
  `` the unlawful use of force and violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government , the civilian population , or any segment thereof , in furtherance of political or social objectives '' - u.s. code of federal regulations how on earth are mass shootings not terrorism ? 
  americans avoiding europe due to terrorism ? 
  if their networks reported on their weekly mass shootings as what they are , terrorism , they 'd never leave their house . 
  looks like a eurovision promo and lenin propaganda rolled into one . 
  i find it very hard to believe that these men need to be sat down and told that women are n't to be raped . 
  syria , like jordan , palestine and lebanon had a lot of western influence . 
  regardless of religion , someone with societal opinions akin to that of the 7th century wo n't integrate and should ' t be granted asylum . 
  that 's sky news for you, 
  progressive in words perhaps , in action they 're all stuck in the middle ages . 
  because the vatican is n't socially conservative at all . 
  would n't be a problem if there was mandatory same sex sex education in schools , but then again the tories refused to support it . 
  gunning down bars in tel aviv is doing nothing ? 
  obviously support for hamas is high in the likes of gaza . 
  the strip was completely destroyed to point it resembled wartime london and it is still the same . 
  israel continue to block building materials into the strip likewise refuse international aid and doctors into the area . 
  if your family was killed , with your home destroyed , have no income and no support who on earth would want anything to do with the nation that did that ? 
  hamas uses the same tactics as isis , find disenchanted , fucked over young people , propagate extremist ideology and order them to avenge them . 
  things are only going to get worse is the status quo continues . 
  who 's policy , hamas ? 
  they are a terrorist organisation in gaza . 
  they do not represent the views of every palestinian ; this idea that every palestinian is a terrorist is exactly the reason why there is no discussion . 
  the palestinian authority inn the west bank do recognise the state of israel , they just want israel to leave their land as designated by the geneva convention - funnily enough , netanyahu likes to ignore international law . 
  attacks may have reduced , but they have only escalated the hatred felt by a lot of palestinians . 
  this generation has spent their whole lives in those walls , and they clearly will never view israel favourably . 
  it seems israel 's only plan is just to continue begging america for arms and funding until they kill every palestinian . 
  is there any surprise that there is continued attacks ? 
  the wall is essentially putting a band aid on an amputation . 
  a lot of palestinians in the west bank do hope for the 2 state solution , but with netanyahu in office exacerbating the conflict at every opportunity , and the growing popularity of extremism on both sides , there 's little chance anymore . 
  aka how to further isolate muslim populations and raise generations wishing to annihilate the imposing nation . 
  walls have failed in israel , failed in northern ireland . 
  want to add another country to the list ? 
  the bbc is n't left wing . 
  the tories were never interested in renewables , they cut 9 green policies only last year . 
  fracking is their new attack on the north . 
  i 'm talking about nationalism in general , this chart is a reflection of that clearly . 
  putting your interests of your own country and those within it before those across the border is nationalism . 
  it perpetuates ` us vs them ' mentality which does nobody any good .
