  gay rights is bullshit ? 
  are n't you a dream . 
  ' a provision preventing discrimination against gays in the workplace . 
  this provision , which is a precondition for visa-free travel set by the eu ', 
  depending on where you are in the world , either religion is just as archaic and dangerous . 
  islam may be the drive in this instance , in central and southern africa it 's bat shit crazy ` christians ' that are rounding up gay people . 
  but hey , if demonising one religion over another fits your viewpoint then that 's your prerogative, 
  so gay people have to be thrown into concentration camps for you to take the issue seriously ? 
  homophobia sure is alive and well . 
  to be fair , it 's fundamentalist christian belief that is threatening the lives of lgbt people in america . 
  move towards fully automated luxury gay space communism ? 
  definitely a problem in the west coast . 
  publicising deaths and funerals across the media has given thugs the green light for empty homes . 
  sad how you have to book security nowadays . 
  hamon at least , but he 'll never be elected . 
  it 's not like the majority of long term le pen supporters will welcome the gays with open arms with anymore thought than to boost numbers . 
  the far right use the same rhetoric in the uk , they never gave lgbt people two cents before they could use them to add leverage to their drivel . 
  i do n't see why gay people especially are following the far right . 
  yes we are a target to extremists , but that 's nothing new in gay history , nor is it when it comes to any marginalised minority . 
  the far right wo n't get rid of islam in france , or do anything to jobs or immigration , it 's simply a vote to legitimise hatred that will once again be turned on lgbt people . 
  le pen does n't even support gay marriage or adoption , are these people really so desperate that they 're willing to vote their country back 50 years ? 
  religious extremism affects everyone . 
  the government wo n't allow their checkpoints on their own soil , that 'd be madness / s. 
  the reason why cameron loved the calais set up was because france did all the work . 
  i wonder when they will light up the rainbow flag in solidarity for the gay people in chechnya / s, 
  theresa may is in talks to trade more weaponry with the gulf states , there 's no way she will mention yemen . 
  after all britain needs to keep selling arms in the wake of brexit , yemen is just collateral damage to her . 
  their main interest is to protect the image of the government . 
  in that respect the bbc is no different to the likes of rt , fox or aljazeera . 
  anyone who thinks the bbc is in any way impartial and nonbiased are fooling themselves ,, 
  well one of the reasons why you do n't hear much about yemen on the likes of the bbc is because of the british arms sales . 
  likewise you 'll only see trade agreements from saudi , never beheadings for the same reason . 
  each news network protects their own interests . 
  i 'd rather europe not deal with such a nation , but it 's the lesser of two evils i guess . 
  it has happened a couple of times when british men have broken moroccan law getting involved with male prostitutes etc , the foreign office got them out after a number of months . 
  that said if youre caught breaking the law in the likes of saudi you 're royally fucked . 
  i do n't know , maybe we did ` give ourselves away ' without realising in the same way that you can often tell a pair 's relationship simply through their interactions . 
  if we were arab i doubt there 'd have been an issue . 
  arab men interact much like the french , whereas two white guys acting similarly would signify their homosexuality . 
  i did n't hold hands , we knew the laws and customs . 
  it was merely us walking together , talking etc that drew the attention . 
  regardless it 's common place ( for older generations ) in arab nations to hold hands anyway . 
  it 's a sign of friendship/family . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  made the mistake of going to marrakesh with my bf at the time and got harassed by large groups of young men whenever we entered the main square . 
  i 've had better treatment in palestine than there jeez . 
  so you 're for discrimination because a someone lgbt got a good paying job ? 
  such irresponsible reporting , the last thing britain needs is more fostered hostility towards the continent . 
  like i said , i 'm not going to list a shit tonne of examples for people that clearly are lying to themselves about the state of human rights abuses and unapologetic propaganda . 
  but i get it , russia 's perfect do n't dare question it . 
  you 've resorted to semantics ? 
  i 'm not going to spend my time making a directory of human rights abuses in your country , its a given that a population who believe lgbt identity is nothing more than pedophilia or a western influence are n't going to take kindly to lgbt people . 
  you 'd think russia might have moved on from stalinist propaganda by now . 
  maybe in the next hundred years russia might grow up . 
  no need for the tone , it 's not like this is breaking news . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/38403923 https://themoscowtimes.com/news/russian-teacher-accused-of-gay-propaganda-55617 http://www.rferl.org/amp/27253818.html http://mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idusbrea2n1bm20140324, 
  it only takes a quick google to find numerous cases of teachers being fired for criticising the government , being sympathetic towards lgbt people , address corruption or human rights . 
  i mean gay teachers are being fired on the spot as soon as their sexuality is discovered , regardless of whether they ` promote ' their sexuality . 
  even gay students are breaking the ` gay propaganda ' law purely for being openly gay amongst peers . 
  i 'm sure it 's not purely an issue that concerns russia . 
  the difference is how the kremlin has successfully framed any idea that does n't follow their specific ideology as categorically pro-west/anti-russia , regardless of what it is . 
  europe and the values held here are propagated as the enemy of russia . 
  putin desperately needs his population to look away from the west , to not to wish for things like democracy , human rights , freedom of speech/media etc in order to prevent another uprising . 
  i said it was n't surprising ? 
  the kremlin has it 's eyes on as many areas of society as it can . 
  i think it depends on the connotations associated with the flag . 
  in the uk you 'd most likely see their flag being flown by the far-right , tainting it 's image . 
  not surprising considering teachers in russia considered pro-west or liberal are quickly fired . 
  ca n't have the younger generations being exposed to anything but the kremlin 's propaganda now . 
  to be fair he provides more funding to healthcare , education , security with house prices far less than the likes of tel aviv . 
  whether you are politically or religiously motivated or not , moving to these ever growing settlements makes economic sense . 
  netanyahu needs these new immigrants to further establish the state of israel in the west bank in order to make a two state solution more obsolete by the day . 
  with all of netanyahu 's incentives no doubt thousands more will move into illegal settlements . 
  most of these smaller attacks are inspired by isis but have no actual connection . 
  regardless isis still praise them in their media outlets . 
  this is exactly the attitude of brexiters , minus the ~ ~ subtle ~ ~ xenophobia . 
  he 's about as level headed and reasonable as trump . 
  my guess is the eu will turn a blind eye to all is actions against his own people and refugees for intelligence . 
  yes that 's clearly what i want ... with that fundamentalist totalitarian in power the eu should have no business with him and should impose sanctions until he cops on . 
  does the whole eu want to buddy up with such states like the us/uk does with saudi arabia , where human rights violations are ignored in favour of intelligence and trade agreements ? 
  his influence in europe is already dangerous with his devotees across the countries . 
  away from europe inshallah . 
  we are a population of like 4.5 million with a million or so that live in cities . 
  everyone else lives very very sparsely in the countryside . 
  you 're talking a couple of miles in between houses etc down windy lanes . 
  a lot of the country looks like [ this ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/clare,+co.+clare,+ireland/@52.6722224,-9.2421826,3a,75y,156.46h,90.07t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1s0dz1vahuqqbptjzods2hzq!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo1.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3d0dz1vahuqqbptjzods2hzq%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d214.5%26pitch%3d-3%26thumbfov%3d100!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x485b11f9c88251e3:0x400c7a72e2a7680!8m2!3d52.904532!4d-8.9811351!6m1!1e1 ), 
  from where i am from , few and far between . 
  they would be in larger towns that are 30 kms away . 
  in the west of ireland especially it 's common for people to buy land deep in the country and build their home there far from towns . 
  most little villages would have a couple of pubs and churches , a corner shop and not much else . 
  i 'm all for that . 
  they should expand where people can vote as the nation becomes less religious . 
  i think they do make exceptions i.e. 
  voting in hospitals , but it 's limited . 
  well from my experience it seems to be about availability of public space than any statement . 
  in areas where there are no schools , libraries etc with a very sparse population , a church is the only place . 
  here they just use a spare room in the church and set up the booths . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  churches are used here for polling simply because there are so many of them . 
  it means people out in the country etc can vote locally without needing to travel 30 km to the nearest town .
