  anarchism assumes that 1 is false , communism denies people the second ( the right to personal property ), 
  omnipotence includes omniscience and this creates a conflict with free will . 
  example :, 
  god knows that i will die in a plane crash 2 years from now . 
  can he choose to save the plane and me ? 
  yes : his prior knowledge of the future ( plane crash at t +2 years ) is false/incomplete, 
  no : he has no free will, 
  no offence . 
  i also do not get offended when i am asked to perform voodoo magic with a chicken on a dead body ( not that i would know what to do , or give it any chance of success ), 
  since you are a catholic allow me to offer this example from the representative of your god on earth : do not use condoms ( hello hiv ) . 
  i can not think of any other institution that promotes stupidity with the consistency of religion . 
  we do not know . 
  even if a `` god '' created the universe , the question is shifted to `` who/what created god ? '' . 
  your question also assumes a `` beginning '' of time - this may or may not be the case . 
  simplistic example : the surface of the earth is finite but there is no beginning or end . 
  good post . 
  if religious people really read about their religion , there would be no religious people, 
  we `` cooked the books '' . 
  we lied on our finance reports , hid our debt and deficit . 
  we then sold more bonds . 
  greece communist party members live in a stalinist time bubble from the 60 's . 
  no sense of space-time :-), 
  greek politics is joke : we have a communist party in our parliament which is a contradiction any way you look at it :, 
  the communist party has signed a declaration that they are not going to revolt against democracy ( which is a violation of their beliefs ) . 
  the democratic parliament accepts a party whose principles oppose democracy ( communism = single party system etc. ), 
  the same amount of lol would be created by seeing a christian praying in a mosque or a muslim praying in a church . 
  it does not compute . 
  people who downvoted you , are probably living in the same time bubble, 
  me : are you all powerful ? 
  god : yes, 
  me : can you tell the future ? 
  god : no, 
  me : you are not all powerful . 
  logical fallacy detected : argument from authority : is does not matter if they are philosophers or not , or even if the majority disagrees . 
  the truth is not a product of a democratic process, 
  what is this future then ? 
  will i die in one year ? 
  if yes , can you choose to save me ? 
  depending on the answers , you will get a god who either can not choose to save me , or by saving me has given false info about my future . 
  some may argue that such a god knows all possible futures , but this turns any informative question about future states meaningless . 
  we also know that anything permissible by the known laws of nature can happen - but we do not consider this knowledge or part of omniscience, 
  sorry to be a downer , but as her science teacher you have failed her . 
  the important thing when teaching science is ( imo ) to teach the scientific method first and then the science topic ( physics in your case ), 
  has she understood the method she would have deduced that god 's help is non existent . 
  this is ( again imo ) the biggest problem with education : very few people teach the way of thinking employed by science . 
  it is far more useful and enabling than just understanding / knowing some phenomena, 
  aliens too, 
  hello 20,000,000 drachma coffee ( we did this in ww2 ) . 
  who would you recommend : an astrophysicist , a programming guru , a doctor , a nobel winning writer etc ? 
  they are all very cleaver and able people . 
  are they fit for the job of fixing the biggest financial mess ever ? 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  he is one of the few greeks that understands the banking system , the crisis , our country 's flaws, 
  judging from your downvotes , i guess we are both in the wrong subreddit . 
  the current pm is a physicist with a master 's in ee and an economics career in finance unparalleled by any greek . 
  but what do i know , just bring a history teacher as your top upvoted reply says . 
  [ gaining a degree in physics in 1970 , a masters degree in electrical engineering in 1972 , and a doctorate in economics , in 1978 ], 
  i agree , we need more scientists and engineers in politics . 
  `` vomit is wise '', 
  any other source apart from the article ? 
  karatzaferis has said a lot of strange things , but something like that would have created a shit storm in greece ( and i would have noticed ), 
  how are these countries socialist ? 
  are the means of production in the hands of the state ? 
  you confuse a social policy , with socialism . 
  the countries you speak of are free economies, 
  you are just playing with works ( and the wiki article does so too ) . 
  fta :, 
  `` a mixed economy consisting of both private enterprise and publicly owned or subsidized programs of education , universal health care , child care and related social services for all citizens '', 
  the above is not socialism ( as per my previous post ) . 
  this is free economy with social benefits . 
  a government can tax and use this money to build hospitals or launch missiles - nothing to do with production ownership . 
  `` fair trade over free trade . '', 
  --  `` fair trade is a trading partnership , based on dialogue , transparency and respect , that seeks greater equity in international trade '', 
  thank you sir, 
  after a certain number we say : well done !, 
  you killed 1,000,000 people ? 
  you must get up very early in the morning . 
  check your facts : papadimos has a physics degree from mit , and a masters degree in electronics engineering . 
  he has both science and engineering training . 
  two sites : google + wikipedia . 
  use them, 
  i am sorry , but i upvoted you, 
  you are too right for a troll master , trollmaster6001 , and i disagree with the downvotes . 
  long answer ? 
  yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees ? 
  eurofighter so to speak, 
  d2 open spaces vs d3 narrow corridors : what is your opinion ? 
  but they are `` le tired '' . 
  ok go take a nap , then fire ze missiles, 
  this mod is too hard . 
  started playing with a barbarian , and could not even kill the unique in the den of evil . 
  i am such a noob :-(, 
  all the above is true , but : the banks are the ones which bed badly ( bought greek bonds ) . 
  they did so because it was supposedly safe ( and they are required to have some safe investments ) . 
  the banks will fail as a result of that decision . 
  guess whose money is gone if the bank fails -- good guess , yours and mine -- the average bank customer . 
  the economy is returning to what it should be without external borrowing . 
  iceland is such a bad example to make your point for 2 reasons :, 
  icelandic government did not live on borrowed money . 
  the icelandic government did not fail , the banks failed .
