  romanos is an anarchist who wants to study `` business management '' :-), 
  he also disregards all laws , but tries to find a loophole ( there is n't one ) in the law to base his release . 
  to op : if you want some monty python surrealism in your life , i recommend relocating to greece :-) you are gon na love it, 
  well , heeatschildrenfordinn ( er ) i guess . 
  he has to be off the radar, 
  why ? 
  i am currently playing with the mini map , looking at the red enemy dots . 
  this is not a way to play an fps :-(, 
  our situation is more akin to a pacifist wanting, 
  to enlist in the special forces . 
  it is allowed , but bizzare, 
  i am not arguing that he should not be allowed but that it does not make sense . 
  the same could be said for a communist being a major stock holder in a megacorp . 
  allowed but strange . 
  unless he splits dividents to all the workforce, 
  to all citizens . 
  we are not bullet proof to kalaznikov gun fire, 
   the rule of law states that we 're all equal under it and the only issue is whether he is legally entitled to his educational leave , which by all accounts it seems he is . 
  nope , he is not . 
  there are 4 conditions that he has to meet , and he fails at 2-3 of these, 
  the link contains the greek law as is now . 
  in order to get a permission for an educational leave :, 
  he should not be a flight risk ( he is , he says that he does not give a fuck about laws and rules - he is honest about this ), 
  he should not be in the process of other trials ( he is ), 
  he should not pose a threat of repeating the crime ( he has not changed his mind about what he has done . 
  the banks are his enemies ), 
  in order to get a permit with the current law he has :, 
  to finish with his pending trial, 
  stop saying that he has the same stance against banks . 
  he is just feeding reasons to the committee to deny him the leave . 
  cause dicprin ( sic ) come from within , as per southpark eh ? 
  ok , try this : get a kalashnikov and walk down the street . 
  when you get arrested , try to explain that you did not fire your gun . 
  while in jail , try to ponder why they put you there ( even though you did not fire it ), 
  hint : possessing and carrying are a crime by themselves . 
  this is a much lower crime than armed robbery, 
  i agree with you , that the police should not always carry guns ( or maybe guns should be limited to police spec-ops ) , but how is this relevant to our discussion about civilians carrying kalashnikovs ? 
  if you have read the article , it explains the system :, 
  you apply for an educational ( or other ) leave, 
  a committee weighs on the subject for approval subject to special conditions, 
  the committee has not authorized the leave . 
  what more is to it ? 
  if by law , they are required to provide a special report detailing the reasons , and if they have not , then i agree with you that they should do their job , and report, 
  nikos picked up an ak in order to rob a bank . 
  still fail to see how ( according to your guns and cops post ) , gun carrying policemen are linked to our discussion about illegal gun possession and carrying ( leading to armed robbery ), 
  he argues that the cumulative length of jail time , is in some way ( that he does not state ) a ground to dismiss the opinion of the prosecutor for granting a leave , based on pending trials . 
  the current law does not give any exception about when the prosecutor is allowed to have a say or not . 
  it is very explicit : if there are pending trials , no leave . 
  the guilty status of the prisoner , and the length of the ( potential sentence ) are irrelevant . 
  on top of that , the committee has to be convinced that the prisoner is not going to flee or commit other crimes . 
  the statements of romanos , do not help him at all on these matters, 
  if you have read the intentions of romanos correctly ( as per your post ) , then he should have attacked a police station , or the parliament , or a state official at his house . 
  i would have sympathized with that , not with robbing a bank full of plain civilians . 
  some of our elected officials do behave criminally and there are also free roaming thugs not yet apprehended by the police . 
  do you think the solution to this , is more criminals ? 
  let 's all be criminals for a better future ? 
   who do you feel threatened by the most ? 
  young nikos and his like , or a system that does n't care for you , or your family or your friends , country , future, 
  i am more threatened by physical violence ( a stray kalashnikov bullet ) than white collar crime . 
  even if you deceive me of all my money , i am still better off than being dead . 
   unlike you ,, 
  i am aware that bullets kill , you should have noticed this if you read my posts . 
  that 's my point about walking around with kalashnikovs, 
   however the murderer was a armed state agent , acting once again outside the law, 
  agreed . 
  he has been trialed and sentenced . 
  how is this relevant to our discussion about armed bank robbery ? 
   how many people here have been killed by politically motivated armed robbers in the last 30 years, 
  if i am shot in a bank , i do n't think i will ponder the motive of the robber . 
  `` did you just shot me because of political ideology ? 
  yes ? 
  oh fine , shoot me some more '' :-), 
   the white collar crime you do n't mind, 
  i do mind it , but i mind it less than being shot at . 
  call me crazy, 
  gentlemen , place your bets . 
   you 're more likely to die in an underfunded hospital the you are in a robbery . 
  we do not punish criminals according to the probability of their crimes . 
  for example getting killed by a guy like seihidis ( who dissected his family , and kept body parts in the freezer ) , has close to 0 probability . 
  if you do something like that , do n't expect to ever be released from prison . 
   like yourself do n't mind white collar crime, 
  i have already stated above that i ** do ** mind it . 
  do you read my posts or are you arguing with someone else , and you post here by mistake ? 
  why are we talking about a problematic nhs hospital in a conversation thread about armed gun robbery ? 
  have you taken your meds ? 
   ad hom attacks about me taking meds, 
  if the content of my meds comment linked to nhs , was not enough of an indicator that this is a joke , i put a smiley at the end . 
  relax man . 
  we can talk about anything , but linking a mismanaged hospital on another country to the decision of romanos to commit armed robbery , is a bit of a stretch, 
  i even put a smiley on the end to show that i am joking . 
  why is / r/greece on full serious defense mode all the time ? 
  agreed . 
  game over . 
   we have studies your customs and learnt your language, 
  hmmm , study some more please :-), 
  gia to audio @@ mantoles , den mporeis na vgaleis akrh gia ay8entikothta h context . 
  gia to oti ypografhke h profylakish tou prin thn akroash apo ton anakrith , isxyei h mas trolliazei ? 
  do n't hate just the system , hate the users too :-), 
  varoufakis just went full retard, 
  \u03a0\u03b9\u03bf \u03c0\u03ac\u03bd\u03c9 \u03b5\u03af\u03c0\u03b1 \u03cc\u03c4\u03b9 `` varoufakis just went full retard '' , \u03b1\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac \u03b2\u03b1\u03c3\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac `` varoufakis just went full avramopoulos '' ( i know , same thing ),
