  just like in cuba :-), 
  maybe i am ill informed and we completed the land register , or imlemeted e-justice in order to speed up contract enforcment , or computerised the government sector , or fired public employees that got hired with bogus documents , or abolished 3rd party taxes , or expedited privatisations . 
  oh wait ... we did nothing of the above . 
  if you read your links , imf said out and lound , that they should never have helped us . 
  from the imf perspective , they indeed bent their rules in order to give us money , because imf only gives money to countries that do strong reforms : romania is a prime example : they laid off 200,000 employees in order to get in the programme . 
  we were asked to do the same : lay off useless employees and do massive salary cuts . 
  what was our answer ? 
  `` isodynama '' lol . 
  we did the excact opposite of what is needed to get back online : we increased taxes on an economy that could no longer sell bonds . 
  we never wanted to change , we changed very little , and syriza is ruling us because it promises no change , even if that takes us to the grave . 
  hold that thought for a minute eh ? 
  edit : \u03b4\u03b5\u03c2 \u03c4\u03bf documentary : the smartest guys in the room . 
  good news everyone, 
  do the math . 
  nope . 
  from wiki :, 
  leftist economic beliefs range from keynesian economics and the welfare state through industrial democracy and the social market to nationalization of the economy and central planning . 
  keynesian economics : check !, 
  2 . welfare state : check !, 
  3 . nationalization of the economy : \u03cc\u03bb\u03b1 \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf \u03ba\u03c1\u03ac\u03c4\u03bf\u03c2 . 
  4 . central planning : check !, 
   a refugee 's right to be protected against forcible return , or refoulement , is set out in the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees :, 
   `` no contracting state shall expel or return ( ` refouler ' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion '' ( article 33 ( 1 ) ), 
  i wonder why ? 
  what gives ? ), 
  we think that you walk like an egyptian, 
  option 1 : grexit, 
  option 2 : a two speed eu, 
  option 3 : an eu wide redemption project ( to quantitative easing \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 draghi ), 
  the rest is history . 
  open dell laptop ( usa ), 
  load os ( usa ), 
  open chrome ( usa ), 
  4 . navigate to facebook.com ( ip protocol = usa , telecom satellites = usa , facebook = usa , etc ), 
  6 . feel edgy, 
  different perpective . 
  there in no crisis for germany or the eu anymore , if greece goes bust . 
  i was actually expecting the imf to let it slide . 
  instead we got a `` fuck off , do your job '' mail . 
  i will quote an answer from a civil enginnering friend of mine : athens ' buildings were designed by civil engineers and not by architects . 
  another factor is the allowance by law to cover most of the land area . 
  result : ciment everywhere , no gardens , block buildings . 
  you and varoufakis are wrong , it is not about merkel , it is about the rest of the eu member states . 
  the problem is , that if there is a new haircut , the member states must ( drumroll ... . ) make a hole into their state budgets . 
  they have already given us money , and after the haircut , they will have to adjust to a smaller budget for their states ( since part of the money to be returned to them by greece , is never going to be payed ) . 
  so , member states will have to go back to their voters again and ask for money for greece . 
  chances of this happening ? 
  anyone ? 
   you can literally print infinite money though this has obvious negative repercussions, 
  if you print money when your production stays the same , ( or shrinks ) , you have inflation , all money loses value . 
   secondly , let 's dispel the myth that actual taxpayers have actually paid for anything so far . 
  they have n't, 
  because money is not infinite , and because of the relation of money to production , taxpayers have paid everything so far . 
  let 's see how :, 
  eu countries have lend us money , with a lower interest rate from the one they borrow . 
  they did this , in order to help us have clean accounts , that would help us get back on the bond markets ( owing money with very low interest rate , is much preferably to owing the same money with high interest rates . 
  the high interest rates , is what got us into trouble in the first place ) . 
  so an eu country that borrowed 100e to lend us 100e , will get back from greece 102e , and it owes its lenders 104e . 
  this is a net cost to its taxpayers : either they fill in the gap from their pockets , or they get less value for their tax from their governments . 
  when the ecb prints money to cover a greek bond that will go bust , because greece is unable to renew it on the bond markets , all euro currency devalues . 
  there is no increase in production that merits the increase in the amount of euros . 
   you have 2 clear choices , haircut or default ( and grexit ) . 
  no middle ground, 
  the middle ground is the mou ( memorandum ) and it is where you have been standing on the last 6 years , and it seems we will be stranded for more . 
  there is a 4th option which is the return to the open markets . 
  the qe program of ecb , lends money at 0 % interest and it is used by all countries ( except greece of course ) , in order to swap high interest loans , with 0 interest loans . 
  portugal for example paid its last money to imf , before its time , and exited its own mou . 
  greece was not eligible for mou , because we did not close the 2nd mou ( actually we told everyone to fuck off , while we paused everything ) . 
  if we do not show serious reforms , and a sustained surplus ( even at 0.5 % , sustained is the keyword here ) , we will never be in a position to own our economy . 
  thomsen : well , i do n't know . 
  but this is ... 
  i think about it differently . 
  what is going to bring it all to a decision point ? 
  in the past there has been only one time when the decision has been made and then that was when they were about to run out of money seriously and to default.right ? 
  velkouleskou : right !, 
  thomsen : and possibly this is what is going to happen again . 
  in that case , it drags on until july , and clearly the europeans are not going to have any discussions for a month before the brexits and so , at some stage they will want to take a break and then they want to start again after the european referendum . 
  velkouleskou : that 's right . 
  1000 $ per year \u03b5\u03af\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 \u03c4\u03bf account fee . 
  eu does not have problem with inflation by itself , they have a problem with printing money to go into the money sink of greece , while everyone else 's money devalues . 
  me : eu countries have lend us money , with a lower interest rate from the one they borrow, 
  you : if anything it is exactly the opposite, 
  reality : https://ycharts.com/indicators/spain_over_2_year_government_bond_yield ( greece was getting loans from mou agreement for 2-3 % while spain was borrowing for itself for 7 % ), 
   what makes you think that suddenly they will realize that 200 % debt is viable, 
  the debt/gdp ratio is not the only factor at play ( japan has over 220 % ) . 
  what matters is trust , and greece has none . 
  what investors want to see , is a balanced budget , and a small but sustained surplus , or growth . 
  these items mean that we can pay back . 
  syriza has neither , on 2014 we had the first 2 . 
  it was not only spain that borrowed at 7 % and lend us at 2 % , it was also italy , portugal , etc. 
  it is basic arithmetic . 
  for japan , ask yourself this : if you are forced to buy bonds with your bank money , would you buy japan 's ( at 220 % debt/gdp ) or greece 's ( at 170 % debt/dgp ) ? 
  most of the free market stays away from japan , because it has nothing to gain , bonds are so stable that they will yield almost nothing ( but they are good for a pension fund ), 
  imagine if greek pension funds had japanese bonds in their accounts , instead of greek . 
  in your posts you make the assumption that there is free money somehow raised with eu , that covers the greek crisis , and this has no effect on taxpayers . 
  i think you can have a job in syriza 's government :-), 
  why ? 
  ( hint : low tax ), 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bulgaria/unemployment-rate ( press the 10y button , in order to see beginning of crisis ), 
  2010 = 10 % , now = 10 %,
