  why are you still lvl12 then ? 
  you gain huge xp through what you did, 
   sudo take of your pants, 
  syntax error, 
  i can ejaculate up to 3,000,000 km in front of me ( in space ), 
  a meme within a meme . 
  well played , we must go deeper, 
  attack the world . 
  win . 
  take over the world . 
  adolf, 
  [ \u0395\u039b\u03a0\u0399\u0394\u0391 \u039e\u0391\u039d\u0391 ] ( https://pitsirikos.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/tsipras-elpida.jpg ), 
  all your base are belong to us, 
  austerity is imposed by reality . 
  unless of course you have a money tree in your back yard . 
  you cant make this shit up, 
  happy hunting, 
  how did this work for you my friend ? 
  perpetual bonds ? 
  the total bill ( hardouvelis email ) of nd was to be 1 billion . 
  syriza just voted 6.5 billion per year , for 10 years . 
  check your arithmetic my friend . 
  math is hard , i know, 
  nope they did not . 
  if they did , this mou , would have been voted then . 
  instead they sold to their voters their `` parallel program '' ( i know lol ) , and since then they have been dragging their feet until money run out ( this july is pay day ), 
  syriza is more than a joke . 
  they are the pinnacle of incompetence, 
  if 6 months of incompetence did not make voters `` aware of what was gon na happen '' , i ca n't think of anything that would make them `` aware '', 
  yes , but the worse scenario for both emails was 2 billion . 
  this was the `` gap '' ( as it is called by imf ) in the program . 
  imf said 2 , hardouvelis said 1 , you said , 0.0000001 . 
  worst case scenario : 2 billion . 
  syriza mou no4 : 6.5 billion / year . 
  better , imf :, 
  the majority may vote that the earth is flat . 
  facts do not change according to majority opinion . 
  the majority has the right to dig itself ( and it did ) even deeper . 
  but the hard data remains : the fiscal gap increased due to syriza 's rejection of mou2 . 
  the cost has been assigned to our country , broken up in budgetary surpluses of 3.5 % for years to come . 
  the psi did compensate bondholders , by exchanging junk bonds with valid bonds at 50 % face value . 
  this is why bondholders lost their case in the court of human rights . 
  what they were asking ( no psi agreement ) would have been more damaging than the 50 % haircut, 
  fiscal data is on his party 's side . 
  if you have a better choice than nd please let us know . 
  the debtor ( greece ) was asked to close a gap of 2 billion . 
  to put that into perspective , the greek state gives 1.2 billion per year to the pension funds of deh and ote . 
  but tsipras persuaded greeks that holding our breath would erase the 2 billion gap . 
  slow clap . 
  you did n't like the small gap of 2 billion , and you voted for the bigger gap of 6.5 billion per year for 10 years . 
  lol !, 
  well done comrade , well done indeed . 
  the poor people got poorer , but hey , you got to stomp you feet on the ground against the evil troika . 
  the important thing is that you wanted good things and you felt the feels . 
  do n't worry about the failed result comrade , we feel you, 
  ( hint : \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03ac \u03c4\u03b1 capital controls ding ding ding , we have a winner ), 
  - how about we invent math , philosophy , theatre ? 
  2000 years later ... 
  - how about we go bankrupt ? 
  - fuck yeah ( 5 times in 200 years ), 
  tl ; dr : shipping companies pay almost zero tax . 
  it is the logical outcome of a company with assets which are not owned by entities in greece ( ships are owned by companies in other countries ) . 
  some explanations : there are many types of shipping companies . 
  some companies own ships , others operate ships . 
  in greece when we say shipping company we mean one that operates ( i.e. 
  does not own ) ships . 
  if these companies were to be taxed , they would just relocate to another country . 
  the income for the greek state , comes from taxing the companies in greece that supply these companies with goods and services ( i.e. 
  an indirect income for our state ), 
  about 5 years ago , uk had the wonderful idea of ending tax exemptions for the shipping companies operating in london . 
  all companies started making relocation plans . 
  6 months later the `` idea '' was abandoned . 
  i envy you my friend . 
  you live in your parallel reality away from all these difficult practicalities . 
  treatment is not more special than what they would get in an other country ( singapore , malta , cyprus , etc ), 
  our state can not tax assets of other countries ( ships are owned by companies in other countries ) , so what you see as `` special '' is the only way of doing business with entities that operate outside of greece : ship is foreign owned , manned by foreign crew , chartered to foreign transport companies , operating in international waters and international ports . 
  i wish our state had the same intelligence to all business types . 
  for example : tesla is looking for a eu country to base its new battery factory . 
  we are in a free economy competing against other countries . 
  i would expect our state to be making very good offers to tesla for tax exemptions . 
  death is not a serious problem if you believe in the after life . 
  just like syriza voters believe in non problematic defaults . 
  read my top level post . 
  it is impossible to tax ship owning companies because these entities are not based in greece . 
  you may tax ship operating companies , but these will relocate within a week and they have zero assets . 
  this is how it is going to work :, 
  state : give me tax, 
  shipping company : ok take it , and byeeeee . 
  will send you a postcard from xxxx country, 
  the double anal helps i guess with that . 
  i will burn in hell ... 
  varoufakis has the biggest vested interest : he is the one going to jail for the fuck-up of capital controls , the loss of 10 billion of interest from greek bonds held by ecb , and the loss of 41 billion of state bank stock . 
  he was the man in-charge of the negotiations and the tactic ( blackmailing troika , as he eloquently said in his interview ), 
  why do you think he is going around trying to shift blame for his blunders ? 
  the cluster fuck of capital controls and loss of state funds is going to be investigated by the next parliament ( needs a majority vote ), 
  who do you think is going to appear in front of the court ? 
  the minister of education ? 
  bitch please with sugar on the top, 
  they need majority vote for prosecution . 
  in greece the parliament votes whether or not political crimes should be sent to justice .
