  who is stopping them ? 
  carry the bags for the elderly ? 
  clean their houses ? 
  there is so much free shit that an unskilled unemployed worker can do , if your theory is correct , they should be lining up on the street offering their free services ( the society is covering their needs after all ), 
  where is this place that you live and you witness the majority of unemployed ( living under benefit programs ) lining up to serve society for free ? 
  tell me and i will visit . 
  there can be no exploitation under capitalism because by definition both parties must agree to the exchange : the company can not force the customer to buy their product and the customer can not force the company to sell at his price . 
  unless they both agree , the transaction will not be done . 
  the same applies to workers : they are free to leave for better jobs , and the company is free to get better workers . 
  ctrl+f '' * capital * '' in kafros ' post ( s ) : 0 results, 
  you give the impression that your brain constructs different things from what you read in my posts ( or reddit is embedding words in my posts not visible to me ) . 
  hence the no `` true '' fallacy, 
  it happens in an invisible minority , while is should be the norm for the majority of unemployed with benefits ( under your theory of course ) . 
  just because `` some '' do it , does not support your theory . 
  who has a monopoly on the means of life ? 
  ( unless you are referring to the pre-fall ussr , where i would agree that the state could target you and deny you every single job ) . 
  the rest of the post is based on this baseless assumption ( unless of course you mean ussr , china , nk , etc. 
  of course ), 
  now get back to work i guess, 
  lets keep it simple : according to your socialist theory ( as described in your posts , please re-read what you write ) , individuals take what they need and offer what they can . 
  unemployed citizens under benefits , receive from society what they need : food , shelter , medical utilities ( my country sends them on vacations too ) . 
  their possible contributions ( which they can give unless handicapped ) are too numerous to list but lets give it a shot :, 
  pick up the trash , help elder citizens , reforestation , road building , etc etc , you get the point . 
  but , they do nothing of this sort . 
  you have to explain why your theory is falsified by this simple observation : they receive but offer very very little ( the `` little '' is from your personal anecdotes , i am still waiting to see someone cleaning the roads if not employed by the city , or getting a call from my grandmother telling me that i do not need to do shopping for her because a young unemployed man is offering to carry the bags ), 
  tl ; dr theory does not stand against observation, 
  edit : grammar, 
   however , work in a socialist society is voluntary, 
  there is voluntary work in a capitalist society , but unemployed under benefit programs do n't do any . 
  invalid argument due to observation, 
   the satisfaction in expressing your abilities and thus affirming your being is one ... to necessities is another, 
  why would they not be satisfied with helping via voluntary work ? 
  senior citizens would thank them x 1000 . 
  your assertion is baseless . 
   people have much more free time to contribute in meaningful way ... 
  unemployed under benefits have all the free time in the world to contribute - they do not have a job to do , remember ? 
  no-one is asking them to do anything , they can volunteer for whatever they choose/like/etc . 
  i am not advocating that the lack of voluntary work is the fault of socialism , i am simply pointing that people do not volunteer even if their needs are covered and nothing is required of them . 
  nothing is stopping them from voluntary work , and the last sentence in your post contains all the truth of the matter : there 's no incentive to voluntarily work . 
  i understand your pipe dream : somehow in socialism people will get satisfaction from voluntary work ( that they do not get now ) , and they will start doing so . 
  i hope you understand that this is a baseless assertion : i could argue for example that dodekatheism ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hellenic_polytheistic_reconstructionism ) will help people realise themselves and become the true incentive to work . 
  actually , you can repeat your whole post , and replace socialism with any - ism you choose . 
  there is no evidence/explanation , why people will start behaving differently . 
  a guy with a potato in his anus , is asking for help and you are turning him down ? 
  where is the humanity reddit ? 
  woosh, 
   no , there is n't . 
  why ? 
  because you say so ? 
  in order to avoid playing with words allow me to paste the definition from the dictionary :, 
  done or undertaken of one 's own free will, 
  acting or done willingly and without constraint or expectation of reward, 
  is an unemployed person ( under benefit programs ) free to pick up the trash ( hence helping voluntarily ) whenever the fuck he wants to or not ? 
  if not , what is stopping him ? 
  ( be specific pls ) . 
  will there be anyone con-straining him from doing so ? 
  if yes , who and how ? 
  is there any reward from picking up the trash on your own ? 
  in order to dismiss this basic observation that refutes your theory , you are trying to redefine the meaning of `` voluntary '' : there is a `` capitalist voluntary '' different from `` socialist voluntary '' ( and i guess different from `` whateverist voluntary '' ), 
  tl ; dr discussion has come to a `` no true voluntary fallacy '' , it seems there are more things needed to be called voluntary apart from free will , willingly , without constraint and no reward . 
  what a load of out of topic bs about wage labour : i am not talking about wage labour . 
   picking up the trash is voluntary unless it 's under wage-labor, 
  finally , yes !, 
  on topic !, 
  my observation involves unemployed people ( under benefit programs ) , who do not work , and are not under wage-labour or any labour . 
  food , housing , health , education , vacations are provided for free , and nothing is required of them ( apart from filling up the paperwork ) . 
  these people live with the above facilities as we speak in most western countries ( mine is one of them ) . 
  these are the facts , and my observation follows :, 
  why do n't you see any of these people , go out on the street , on their own free will , start picking the trash voluntarily ? 
  again : they do n't have to , no-one can force them to ( no-one will look down on them for not doing it either ) , they can do it whenever they feel like it for however long they wish . 
  they also know that no reward is given apart from a possible applause by the bystanders , and a possible feeling of good doing for themselves . 
  according to your theory , we should be seeing most of them doing this or something similar ( or at least the majority ), 
   there 's no `` capitalist voluntary '' : it 's literally coercion dressed as free agreement . 
  pls explain the coercion done to an unemployed who does decide to go out today and do something good for the planet : pick up some trash, 
  1 ) half of the greek deposits have already flown abroad . 
  increasing taxes will only leak any remaining wealth abroad, 
  2 ) this is so stupid i am unable to comment . 
  that 's all nice and sparkly if you bought the bonds in the last 2 years at a 20-30 % value . 
  otherwise , you got fucked ( and most investors just did ), 
  we can print money ( hey it is just paper after all ) , but how much oil can we buy with it ? 
  i will let you do the homework : why do countries accept us dollars as payment but not zimbabwe dollars ? 
  we are running a deficit even without loan installments . 
  we can not pay the full amount of pensions etc even if magically all our debt was erased . 
  look up what deficit means , you will shit bricks . 
  200 % yield on greek bonds : ahahahahahahha you are killing us . 
  i want to keep writing but ahahahahahahahahaha, 
  what is the value of this new printed pieces of paper ? 
  you will ask : how do you measure the value ? 
  the short answer : what can you buy with this new currency ? 
  will oil exporters accept this as payment ? 
  exercise for the reader : zimbabwe prints dollars and usa prints dollars . 
  which ones do you think are accepted in the world trade transactions ? 
  a logical result as most of us ( greek ) do not believe that we have internal systemic problems all across our society and governance , but it is the `` others '' fault : ze germans hate us, 
  we need imports now ( oil , cars , trucks , electronics , chemicals , medical equipment ) . 
  greece ca n't just freeze imports and wait for the currency to become stronger . 
  production needs all the stuff i wrote , and we make none of it . 
  banks took a 110 billion euro loss . 
  why do you think greek banks ' stock is not even worth the paper to print them on ? 
  ( and subsequently will not be able to cover their depositors money unless they borrow from eu ? ) . 
  if they have sold them , there would be no bank losses .
