  thankfully , we grew out of this and us did not try a full scale genocide . 
  for fairness reasons , diablo will rubberband just like it does in aus/nz at the moment :-), 
  you are missing the point : the weapons technology gap between spears and rifles is the same as rifles and nukes : you get pwned :-), 
  us withdrew because 50,000 casualties seemed a lot to their country 's public opinion while 1,500,000 casualties for the vietcong was deemed as nothing to theirs . 
  at such a high body count vietcong made it clear that a defeat would come after total annihilation , which is ( as per this threads topic ) totally possible without rules and with the use of nukes . 
  even the toughest mother-fuckers on this planet ( japanese ) yielded after 2 . 
   my point was that killing a country full of people through such means is not going to achieve victory . 
  see my native americans/australians example : victory by total annihilation . 
  nukes make total annihilation a reality . 
  we are just lucky that our morality barred total annihilation before the development of nukes . 
  there is money involved ( virtual items used as commodities in the ah which makes profit ) , and blizzard is a listed company , which means they have audits ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarbanes%e2%80%93oxley_act ), 
  there is no way an auditor will accept a non sql solution ( something that guarantees this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acid ), 
  i was not dedicated d2 player , but i progressed the game with the loot i found , and this was sufficient . 
  there is no way i would be playing inferno now without the ah stock market mini-game ( which bores me to death , i want to kill shit not look at spreadsheets - i do that at work ffs !, 
  in d2 i could progress with the drops i found - i never bought anything from websites . 
  of course i could not make every build possible for my char work , because some were centred around very specific items , but at least i could play the game . 
  the only reason i can play inferno now , is that i bought stuff from the ah ( which bores me to death ) . 
  i know that the only way to progress is to buy even better shit from the ah . 
  there is no chance of finding better stuff myself . 
  none of my gear comes from loot !, 
  i do n't think i have the time or the will to play the ah in order to progress into this game :-(, 
  totally agree : in d3 your gear is your character . 
  another redditor has pointed that if you unlocked gear requirements and allowed all skills in d3 , your level 1 char would play just fine . 
  in d2 there was no way to play with a level 1 bash ( not to mention the synergies required to make the build ), 
  harder i would accept/welcome . 
  inferno progression is impossible without the ah , and i ask myself : why am i playing an excel-stock-market mini game in my arpg ? 
  i logged on to kick ass and chew bubble gum not bid on auctions !, 
  i am not using excel , i call the ah an `` excel thingy '' . 
  the 200k challenges involve searching the ah for gear that fits the budget : even more ah browsing . 
  tl ; dr i bought d3 to smash through shit and kill stuff . 
  instead of this , i am playing `` stock market pro '' in the ah, 
  because i do n't have enough money . 
  in order to get money i need to query the ah for each item i need to sell and browse through result pages in order to find the price of something similar to what i am selling . 
  i have 400k now on my barb , and i need a main hand with 800dps , ~ 600loh , a socket , and strength . 
  can you help me ? 
  i play on eu, 
  so you alt + tabbed in order to post this , and in the mean time you char died ? 
  what do you do against wallers , jailers , frozen ? 
  do n't you die as soon as you are trapped ? 
  i have tried your build a bit on act 1 , and my charge does not recharge as many times as yours in you videos . 
  do n't know what i am doing wrong . 
  someone pointed that with the tornadoes up and spinning , charge counts more hits per enemy charged . 
  is this true ? 
  i have tried to get charge to reset by hitting 2 enemies while `` tornading '' but failed all the times . 
  any tips ? 
  guildwars 1 had account bound items , and it worked nicely : you could choose to bind any item to your account . 
  if you did this you could no longer sell it , but you could salvage it . 
  in return , your item got a dmg boost ( i think it was 15 % ), 
  the ww-alt-tab-reddit build . 
  i like it :-), 
  it does , but this is a different blizzard from the d2 one :-), 
  see the ` attack speed ' nerf , and the low hp wizard nerf . 
  guildwars ( for example ) allowed the low hp wizard ( ok , monk ) build for ages , even though it was op for some areas . 
  i posted this question , because i have a feeling that bliz does not want players to find sweet little builds that destroy everything . 
  the thing with the ww build , is that you can attract more mobs to use as life generators if the shielding monsters do n't give enough loh . 
  no , total in all difficulties, 
  i die with my mf gear : /, 
  what do you do with ranged enemies ? 
  with so low dps , how do you kill ranged elites before they enrage ? 
  what is the play like ? 
  stand still and take the hits , or run around ? 
  thanks, 
  what good will the angel do though ? 
  it looks cool , but is it useful ? 
  a perma-freeze wizard broke group play too : all enemies were frozen while the dh of the group bombarded everything . 
  the ww barb build , does wonders for the barb , but leaves the group without a tank : the dh will die by hard elites, 
  what crit % ( minimum ) will you need for the cm build after the nerf ? 
  guildwars had a good bind mechanic . 
  if you decided to bind , you got a buff on the item . 
  you were given a choice : bind + buff , or use without buff and resell ? 
  i quite liked it, 
  do n't downvote this guy , guildwars implements a pvp system where max level is reached very easily and gear descrepancies are very small between players . 
  in my experience when i played gw on launch some years ago , gear was not the thing to win you a game . 
  your choice of skills ( 8 from about 150 ) and their use within your teams tactics was what won games, 
  what is the dodge system that you describe in your post ? 
  how much do we get per lvl ? 
  oh nice , some unreal tournament :-) does this work only for projectiles , or can you dodge a melee swing attack too ? 
  i remember gw1 being just the same : you could make a new character directly at max level with max level gear . 
  the only drawback was that you only had the skills that you had unlocked in pve . 
  ( and of course the gear was 15 % less good than the one normal leveled characters had ), 
  maybe i did not understand your post , because the pvp mechanic seems the same, 
  how does ( did ? ), 
  the tank dh build work ? 
  mighty swords with 1.30 attacks per second . 
  i have also tried to you use a 1.40 attack per second off hand , and also a lower than 1.30 attack per second off hand ( axe ) . 
  all my 2 x 1h experiments yield lower spinning than 1h + shield . 
  do n't know what i am doing wrong, 
  thanks , i read it , but it did not answer the question . 
  it was also compiled pre 1.0.3 patch , do n't know if things have changed since then, 
  no crits on the shield , i looked . 
  it seems ( as devil_spawn said below ) that i spend less fury on 1h , so i can perma-spin . 
  i thought i was generating more fury , but it seems i was mistaken, 
  i think you are correct : i perma-spin not because i generate more fury , but because i spend less fury on 1h . 
  will check tonight, 
  i wrote that i can perma-spin with 1h + shield . 
  it turns out that i am not spending too much fury this way . 
  i wrongly thought i was perma-spining due to generating more fury , while in fact it was my lower consumption that did the trick . 
  how many attacks per second do you have ? 
  what do you do when you do n't ww ? 
  is there a list for said items ?
