  i run it on nvidia 860m, 
  thanks, 
  vote yes for yes, 
  vote no for yes, 
  i have selected low-fx from the d3 options . 
  any ideas ? 
  thanks forward, 
  recommended 7/10, 
  also : best addons for brutal doom ? 
  thanks guys, 
  i fired elite after a big pause , and here i am in robigo , and i need 50 jumps to get to the main bubble ? 
  i used to need something like 15 jumps . 
  i stopped at a system along the way and went from one saturn-like planet to the next searching for an extraction zone . 
  did n't find any ? 
  any tips on the new stuff ? 
  thanks guys, 
  i have ed on steam . 
  is bying the horizons season pass on steam enough ? 
  thanks guys, 
  while flight assist is on , it works fine at 12something % intervals . 
  any ideas ? 
  thanks guys, 
  the prophecy, 
  i used to stack 10-15 of these kind of missions , and fly to the combat zone . 
  has anything changed ? 
  thanks, 
  so i try for the first time bounty hunting at a compromised beacon . 
  scan a wing of 3 ships , ( they are all small ships , and i am in a conda ) , and i start to take out the first one . 
  suddenly i see that i am getting attacked from everything on screen and i am forced to jump away . 
  how do you deal with so much punishment in these zones ? 
  edit : as a fellow cmdr pointed out correctly , i had cargo ( forgotten mission reward ) . 
  so the lesson here is to travel light :-), 
  thanks, 
  it is such a good game , it is a pity that we ca n't really play it all `` in-game '', 
  i need this mat --  alt-tab, 
  i need to get this mission type --  alt-tab, 
  i need this module --  alt-tab, 
  i do n't expect every little info to be in the game 's gui , but some basic stuff should be in . 
  i started levelling fsd on engineers last night , and 2/3 of the time i was out of the game while `` playing the game '' . 
  edit : some users have proposed overlay tools ( will try later and revert ), 
  steam overlay, 
  edit2 : steam overlay did it for me . 
  i am having new `` in-game '' windows `` https://eddb.io/ '' & `` http://inara.cz/ '' :-) . 
  i can still see what 's going on behind the steam web browser . 
  since forever , game developers wrapped the same netcode into 2 variations : run game multiplayer logic on the game client or run it on a dedicated server . 
  casuals would start a server on their machine or connect to friends doing the same , or spawn a local server to play alone . 
  more advanced players would search for dedicated servers and/or rent server space to have their own dedicated server . 
  the pros with dedicated servers was low ping and no problems with port forwarding ( because it would be done properly on the dedicated server ), 
  the cons were that dedicated servers could have arbitrary rules ( mine would be open to all , except 4 hours per week when only clan members would play and train ) . 
  some dedicated server for ed could for example kick players that used rail guns because it was against server rules . 
  the thing about dedicated servers is that it does not need a netcode rewrite , but a repackaging of the same . 
  strip the client of its rendering and give it some admin configurable options . 
  from what i have read about ed p2p model , it is clear that you can only fix things up to a point , and this is not a fault of ed . 
  if my connection is poor and my router is not properly configured , no amount of coding will fix things for people connecting to my dynamic instance . 
  the genaration of systems , the info of system objects , missions etc remains on the central transaction server , but the game logic which decides if my projectile hit your ship , is run on the dedicated server . 
  thoughts ? 
  edit for clarification :, 
  dedicated servers are paid by us , the gamers . 
  i dont expect ed to boot the cost , just give us the runtimes to host the desicated server . 
  edit clarification 2 :, 
  the dedicated server does nothing more than hosting what is already hosted on my pc when i jump into a system . 
  game logic does not change . 
  what changes is that my pc asks the dedicated server ( which is paid by gamers , not ed ) , to create an instance with the data dictated by ed ( as it does today by dictating our pc on what to generate ) , and i connect to it . 
  now when you also jump to the same system ( and have also asked the game to use the dedicated server , because it is optional ) you get connected to the dedicated server instance which was just created by my jump . 
  instead of our shitty pcs and shitty connections and shitty routers , fucking up ed p2p ( no fault of ed here , but a fault of middleware ) , we get connected to a correctly configured low latency server ( isp connection qos and correctly setup port forward ) . 
  request ship transfer, 
  pay credits, 
  ship autopilots to your system, 
  get message that your ship was swallowed by a m type star at hip10976, 
  find out you do n't have enough credits for re-buy, 
  cry :-), 
  edit :, 
  3.1 as your ship auto pilots to the requested system on a 3 hour trip , you forget about the transfer request , and decide to do some interdiction to pass the time . 
  you interdict and kill your own ship !, 
  achievement unlocked !, 
  hi guys , i am planning on buying vr for e :d . i play using kb + mouse , so a couple of questions :, 
  is there any overlay that allows to know where the keyboard is or what keys i am pressing ? 
  do you notice the difference when moving your head relative to the movement displayed on the screen ? 
  if yes , does this make you dizzy ? 
  how long can you play before feeling the weight of the headset ? 
  any info/tips will be greatly appreciated, 
  thanks, 
  got too cocky in cz , shields down , i scoff at it ( what are they gon na do ? 
  i am in a giant corvette ) . 
  wrong !, 
  canopy breached . 
  i scoff at it , i have 7minutes of backup air , so i hit jump . 
  wrong !, 
  i can not see shit , the heads-up display can not be displayed if you do n't have a canopy :-), 
  i can not see my destination , and my only sense of direction is the small compass on the left . 
  ok , all is good now . 
  wrong !, 
  interdicted . 
  i manoeuvre by trying to keep the `` blue ring '' on the center of my screen without any feedback of the evasion . 
  i escape interdiction , use compass again , and have to decide on when to decrease throttle by looking at speed and distance from the console controls . 
  manage to land at station , all good now !, 
  shitting my pants level : 11/10, 
  gameplay experience : 10/10, 
  will do again : no, 
  best adversary so far in inderdiction is elite condas .
