  russia was inflated by 100 % during 2014 . 
  there is nothing more stable than the euro for greece at the moment, 
  den eimai o mikeius re :-), 
  there will be a new one soon . 
  it is called `` national bank of greece '', 
  please get ready for donations, 
  thanks fixed . 
  i have no distribution data, 
  this thread dislikes humor : /, 
   blame germany , europe 's self-perpetuating economic miracle . 
  germany is a juggernaut of endless current-account and trade surpluses, 
  yeah man , these germans making good products that boost exports are killing our economy . 
  let 's nuke them from orbit / s, 
  is this article a joke ? 
  is a country to be blamed for succeeding ? 
  wtf !, 
  germany is succeeding because we consumers buy their products . 
   it has stripped eu nations of their sovereignty and ability to control internal fiscal, 
  being a member of eu comes with free money in the form of espa programs ( money transfer from rich members to poor members ) , and borrowing terms of 1 % . 
  it also comes with rules . 
  there is no free lunch my friend . 
  even if you dismantle the sengen union , people will still flee the country . 
  they will just get a visa . 
  dismantling free trade accros borders will just put money in the banks ' pockets ( as before the eu ) every time currency is exchanged in order to import goods . 
  and even if you do that , germany will still sell . 
  why ? 
  because customers already pay them even though they are the most expensive vendors . 
  quality comes with a price , and citizens seem to be happy about it, 
  chart - cpi inflation greece 1990 ( yearly basis ), 
  chart - inflation greece 1990 ( cpi ), 
  the average inflation of greece in 1990 : 20.32 %, 
  the world is turning against the bullshit of syriza . 
  varoufakis is the messenger and he is getting all the heat . 
  eu wants results . 
  they are not seeing any . 
  they have been listening to lectures for 3 months and they had enough . 
  greek state coffers had also had enough . 
  time to get serious or fail, 
  when you did n't understand that he compares the prime minister ( that is tsipras ) to a gm , and not varoufakis . 
  reading comprehension : -1000 . 
  mfw you still have n't read that the comparison is between the prime minister and a gm ( whether you agree or not to such a comparison ), 
  you are making a huge assumption : that germans are going to use their new found money to import stuff instead of buying the superior german products ( which have already been chosen by us instead of our local products ) . 
   these are pedantic , schoolboy arguments that you presented . 
  i am sorry man . 
  i can clearly see that you have put deep thought into your argument . 
  true , but how many megatons of oranges and olive oil can they consume in order to balance the trade ? 
  germany makes cars , trucks , machinery , electronics , ships , chemicals , medicine , etc. 
  the fact that we ( europeans ) buy their stuff , means that these are superior to our local products . 
  this list has all the expensive stuff , in order to balance it , you must export to them huge quantities of our cheap stuff . 
  it is not so easy my friend, 
  please hurry up and tell all countries that are trying to get into the eu . 
  it 's a trap . 
  reality check : everyone bribes . 
  if you do n't , you do n't get to sell ( pm me if you want to know my personal experience trying to bid for the unified ticket platform for the olympic games in 2004 . 
  epic lol ), 
  we want money remember ? 
  eu will give it , and they ask something in return . 
  or we can wait for tsipras to make them his `` offer '' that they will not refuse ( as he put it , not even a 1 in a million chance ), 
  i want to die , and then rise again as a superhero, 
  vote for kke or golden dawn , and your dream will come true . 
  it has the same probability of success as getting 350 million from tv licenses . 
  i have a good feeling about it though, 
  postare re pls to banned aristourghma . 
  always relevant, 
  poia h timwria ths germanias ? 
  source, 
   economies that run trade surpluses exceeding 6 percent of their gross domestic product ( gdp ) for years . 
  it does n't mean that a country under review is automatically at risk of facing eu sanctions . 
  however , punitive measures could be applied down the road if a state failed to address the imbalances . 
  they might amount to a fee of 0.1 percent of a country 's gdp, 
  `` for years '' : how many 2 ? 
  both apply, 
  2 . punitive measures could be applied : could ? 
  why not `` will be applied '' since it is a regulation, 
  they might amount to a fee of 0.1 percent of a country 's gdp : might ? 
  all this is so vague , it is no wonder it has not been enforced . 
  a country may run at +10 % for 3 years , then at 5.9 % for a year and then back at 10 % by using a simple swap product ( like simitis did ), 
  piss geofencing, 
  #i am going to hell for this, 
  change is coming ( do you have some change ? 
  i agree . 
  come on , lighten up . 
   and who determined greece is a victim and not part of the victors ? 
  if you did n't get a seat at this , you knew you were not one of the victors . 
  be careful what you wish for, 
   greece must also complete a stalled review of its current bailout , as purchases from program countries will be suspended during such assessments , according to a statement on the ecb 's website, 
  no measurables ? 
  62 billion euro withdrawn/transferred abroad from banks . 
  customer faith : 0, 
  greek bond yield 26 % . 
  on par with 3rd world countries, 
  greek excluded from quantitative easing . 
  europe is printing money , and greece is excluded . 
  11 billion euro of efsf have been taken away from greek accounts when syriza declared that they were going to use the funds for executing their pre-election program . 
  a law that transfered all funds from the municipalities ' bank accounts to the state bank accounts . 
  city mayors complain . 
  same happened with all pension funds . 
  a deal with the employers of the state energy industry to have an extra 7euro per day for snaks . 
  these are the highest paid greek state employees at a medianaverage salary cost of 4400e per month ( source q4 salary cost 2014 divided by the 19000 employees ), 
  a law that will give 200m euro to help the poor .
