  for example : if i have evaded taxes and i am fined , i can ignore payment , go to court and drag the case for 10 years with a good lawyer . 
  if anyone can think of a way to solve the above 2 problems , then he/she is very close to solving the deficit problem, 
  there is no solution to problems that deep . 
  you need to re-build the state from the ground up . 
  the latest proposed and soon to be enforced solution , is to tax property and receive payment through the electricity bill . 
  this way , if you do not pay , your electricity will be cut off . 
  you can easily understand , that a government that tries to get tax money using the electrical company , has no control over the system . 
  a solution could be the sale of unused state owned land , but unfortunately this is a taboo subject in greece , and no-one dares to bring it up . 
  i think my fellow citizens would stone me for writing about it . 
  i have had the luck to work abroad , and i feel very miserable when i see the way out country operates ( this goes for state and citizens ), 
  are you sure ? 
  so soon after the end of the calculation , stars billion of years away , started dimming to a viewer on earth . 
  ts ts ts , i expected better from clarke . 
  good story though, 
  can i post or is it past lunch-time ? 
  joker, 
  the banks have the money of greek ( and other european ) citizens . 
  if the banks get fucked , guess who gets more fucked :, 
  the people, 
  the bank 's share holders, 
  sigh ... 
  the banks get rescued in order to save the citizens deposits . 
  so lets dismantle the bank , lets even burn the execs if it pleases us so . 
  what happens to the deposits if greece does not pay ? 
  the math is simple : multiply the % of assets that the bank has in greek bonds , by the % of ` haircut ' to said bonds . 
  then go tell the citizens how much of their account savings `` evaporated '', 
  bonds are collateral for ensuring that you get money when you go to the atm . 
  if you ( and every other account holder ) are happy with an `` evaporation '' of your account money , then this is not a bad deal for greece, 
  what we ( greeks ) forget/ignore , is that our own banks are heavily invested in greek bonds . 
  even if we say `` fuck the europeans '' , we will still get the internal `` our bank accounts got fucked '', 
  the problem is we thought we are `` too clever '' : we cooked our financial reports ( in order to get into the euro ) , we then borrowed heavily , we then hid our debt and deficit under the carpet , and then borrowed some more . 
  and do n't play the `` i did n't do it , our politicians did it '' ; we voted for them , and as citizens in a democracy , we should have known better . 
  do n't be naive , our problem is not the military budget . 
  our problem is the huge government payroll . 
  source :, 
  payroll accounts for 70 % of our budget : ( 19800 +18659 ) / 55919, 
  why do you think they are asking us to stop playing around with taxes and focus on cutting the spending ? 
  can not answer your 1st question ( i hope it was rhetoric ) . 
  the money in the bank accounts is insured by the government ( using taxpayer money of course ) . 
  example :, 
  when icelandic banks gave the finger to everyone , the icelandic government honoured the insurance for its residents only . 
  the uk , dutch holders got ignored , and their governments stepped in and picked up the bill ( with taxpayer money of course ), 
  check on-line and you will see that i am not talking about funds but real citizens that chose iceland to deposit their money ( better interest rates ) , which was insured up to a level by the icelandic government according to eu standards . 
  you are still missing the point : even if it was banks that had invested in iceland , the icelandic bank default will fall on their customers - the account holders ( that 's you and me ) . 
  banks are allowed to buy 1st rate bonds ( and greek bonds , being eu bonds were top rated ) . 
  even if the bank invested in `` toxic '' bonds , and you fire all staff , and fuck all shareholders , you have still no money to compensate the account holders ( that 's you and me ), 
  they do n't ask us to cut down on the 70 % because it is different from other countries , but because this is the biggest `` cost center '', 
  thank you for restating my point, 
  20 rafales at 70mil euro a piece is peanuts ( do the math ) on the 340bil debt . 
  on a related note : why do you think we have peace with turkey :, 
  turkey is afraid of defeat in case of war, 
  b. nato is the uber bully to break any conflict , provided that we buy weapons, 
  no , they did not know the extent of the `` cooking '' . 
  this is why troika has an inside man at every greek ministry at the moment . 
  think about this fact i just wrote : we are 16 months into dealings with troika , they are super cautious about our reporting , and the mixture of distrust and our local statistics inability , forces them to have their own personel to overlook . 
  imagine how difficult that was , when we were theoretically `` clean '' from a financial standpoint, 
  s&p gave us loans , that we did not put on the books . 
  whoose fault is that ? 
  since our books were clean , we got good ratings from all 3 major rating companies , not only s&p . there is no s&p conspiracy , we did the oldest trick in the book : hid our expenses . 
  i will restate it again , until it filters through : we `` pay '' the banks , because they have our citizens life savings in their accounts . 
  i knew it , oo programming explanation for evolution :-), 
  you missed the point again : whatever they ( payrolls ) are , they are the `` cost center '' to be cut because they are the majority spending in the budget ( 70 % ) . 
  we are going to buy weapons no matter what because we are a low tech country , and this planet is an evil place to be ( check wiki for current on going wars and terros ) . 
  welcome to reality : enjoy your stay . 
  turkey has a 7 to 1 ratio on their favor ( while a 1:3 ratio is the rule of thumb needed for an invading army ) . 
  and they are already at war : we have no battle-trained units . 
  nato is the eu police whether we like it or not . 
  the article contains a vague : `` everyone cooks the books '' . 
  you can do it from 1 % to 100 % lying : we hid half of our deficit , and we are where we are now . 
  find me the point in the article that shows positive eurostat knowledge about the error ( and magnitude ) in greece 's reportings, 
  so what ? 
  my point is that we borrowed ( s&p included ) , did not put the loan on the books and got a nice aaa rating to show everyone willing to buy our bonds . 
  why is it so difficult for you to understand our little dirty trick ? 
  quote one such way, 
  the extent of the fraud is very relevant . 
  without it , just quoting `` they knew '' is meaningless . 
  even if you hide 1billion from stats , you are `` cooking '' the books , but it does not reflect on your borrowing ability . 
  they ( companies ) give credit ratings according to the info available to them . 
  i do n't know how you belive rating companies operate , but on thing is for sure : they can not go to a soverign nation and force government employees at gun point to give them the actual numbers . 
  the ability of any overseeing entity is limited by the powers of the government to hide stuff, 
  oh come on , you are dodging the question . 
  if there is an other way to save the citizens `` life savings '' , you can explain it to me regardless of our political differences ( if any , you make an assumption for which you have no data - you do n't know me ), 
  for this discussion to have any meaning , you should answer point ( 3 ) . 
  my government does the exact same thing ( except when in default , in which case there is no money to honor the insurances - see icelandic bank collapse ), 
  your governement pays the insurance using state money collected through taxes . 
  sorry to break it to you , but in the case of greece 's default , any hit your banks take that endangers your citizens savings , is going to be covered using tax money . 
  i am trying very hard in this thread , to explain to people , that a bank collapse fucks the customers way harder than the bankers . 
  the bankers already made their money on the `` financial bubble '' expansion . 
  closing the bank , just puts them out of job for a few years max , while it completely destroys savings , and confidence in future loans ( e.x. 
  you have a good idea , but no one is giving you a loan to implement it ), 
  logic is irrelevant ( maybe you wanted to say ethical ? ) . 
  from a financial standpoint , the lenders dictate the rules of lending . 
  if we do n't like them , we can opt out , not borrow , and default . 
  it is a choice . 
  we are a 1st world country ( thus relatively rich ) , and we still have enemies . 
  what did you expect in terms of arms imports ? 
  i think , outside of south korea and israel , there is no other developed nation that has a possibility of war with neighbouring countries . 
  turkey is playing hard ball with the isrealis as we type . 
  what makes you think that they would play nice against an almost bankrupt country ( greece ) , if it was n't for uncle sam and nato ? 
  internal turmoil in their politics , makes them all the more dangerous .
