  the funds to be released ( as per my wording ) are the portions of the loans that you describe . 
  installments in essence . 
  i am not talking about the sustainability or not of the program because it is not related to the question of the op . 
  the op wants to know , under which circumstances , a seizure of funds may be executed . 
  my post above explains a stand-off scenario , where this is possible . 
  nothing more than that, 
  there is a time to kick ass , and there is a time to kiss ass . 
   let 's keep some perspective, 
  til milton freedman was a marxist :-), 
  so far they have done the following :, 
  a law that transfered all funds from the municipalities ' bank accounts to the state bank accounts . 
  city mayors complain . 
  same happened with all pension funds . 
  a deal with the employers of the state energy industry to have an extra 7euro per day for snaks . 
  these are the highest paid greek state employees at a ~ ~ median ~ ~ average salary cost of 4400e per month ( source q4 salary cost 2014 divided by the 19000 employees ), 
  a law that will give 200m euro to help the poor . 
  i think the law has been voted but it does not fit the budget yet . 
  they have launched an investigation on the reasons that led us to imf in 2009 . 
  they are investigating years 2009 to 2015 ( this is not a typo , they are investigating after the fact ), 
  on the economics front :, 
  62bil euro have left the banks accounts since dec 2014 when the elections were announced . 
  11bil euro of the european stability fund have been revoked and taken out of our reach, 
  the state has frozen payments to its suppliers . 
  the state has drawn all liquidity from the banks reaching the max limits allowed by the ecb . 
  as a result there is no money for the economy to work . 
  we are in permafrost, 
  tl ; dr : status fail , voters cheer . 
  we are retarded . 
  we greeks are oversentimental . 
  sentiments override logic and thus you have funboys . 
  syriza got elected because it waived a fist in the air and called an end to germany led austerity . 
  result : we are getting fisted in the last 3 months because of that fist waiving, 
  we are a funny nation . 
  keep tuned for more, 
  explain last paragraph pls . 
  final countdown apo europe . 
  galis, 
  source code, 
  syriza is 3 months in government and 2 years in preparation for it . 
  their election moto was : we are ready . 
  have they passed a law for electronic procurement as per memorandum agreements ? 
  have they passed a law for electronic justice as per memorandum agreements ? 
  did they abolish 3rd party taxes ? 
  did they make a new tax law that will tax new companies after they have revenue ? 
  how does he expect new companies to startup ? 
  from the bank loans they can not get because syriza has borrowed any bank money that was still available ? 
  the only tax laws so far from syriza are a disaster . 
  26 % extra tax to imports from low tax countries . 
  this will force greek companies to completely relocate their accounts there and nullify the tax income for greece . 
  the 2nd tax law nullifies all fines for delayed tax payments . 
  this in effect tells citizens to not pay taxes and wait for a similar deal later on . 
  this is not the first time this has happened . 
  varoufakis is a lecturer . 
  he does not understand business , and how could he ? 
  he is a virgin giving us sex advice . 
  a football coach that has never played football . 
  this government is a joke . 
  we are a joke for choosing them, 
  ayto pou egrapses gia to steam einai to pio asteio pragma pou exw diavasei . 
  oxi re . 
  never wake up the sleep walkers, 
  if you lower salaries of state employees you can lower taxes because you have less expenses . 
  at the moment , greece has 75billion euro ( not a typo ) of non payed taxes . 
  what does syriza promise to do ? 
  increase taxes . 
  what does eu propose ? 
  decrease expenses . 
  which one is closer to reality ? 
  from the current result it is evident that nd and pasok were much better . 
  syriza answered the riddle : can we get worse than samaras ? 
  well , yes we can . 
  easily, 
  they will live an even worse life in drachma with a devaluation of 50 % ( good scenario ) to 70 % ( bad scenario by greek central bank ) . 
  50billion of tax , plus 25billion in fines for delayed payments etc, 
  noone deserves anything . 
  the question is : are we better or worse . 
  every economic metric says we are worse and we are heading for a crash . 
  you may accept reality or stick to personal preference . 
  good guy with a shit life for the citizens or asshole guy with a better life for the citizens, 
  my assessment is based on current data . 
  it is not just my opinion man , as the dude would have said :-), 
  nice . 
  let 's get more fucked . 
  i for one , welcome our new masochist ~ ~ overlords ~ ~ voters :-), 
  shoot myself for looking at reality ? 
  why ? 
  you people think that there is a good choice out there . 
  reality check : there isnt . 
  you have either asshole samaras with a slight economical balance , or good guy tsipras with empty state accounts . 
  money withdrawals lmirror the faith of citizens . 
  you cant blame people for hiding for cover . 
  for the 11billion syriza is to be blamed . 
  the wanted to pocket the money for executing the program of thessaloniki . 
  eu said lol nope . 
  i state on another post that the capital without fines is 50b . 
  i agree that it is not self evident , but the bad currency moving the good out of circulation is the most probable outcome . 
  what 's the point in staying in the eurozone if you cant print euros and no new euros are given to you as loans after your default ? 
  because the memory of the drachma era remains . 
  since the beginning of the crisis , people have lost 30 to 40 % of their income on average . 
  when we had the drachma the inflation was over 20 % .
