  reddit username compliance level 100 . 
  slow clap, 
  no shit sherlock !, 
  game over . 
  bad . 
  tl ; dr : default , nationalize the banks and tax the `` wealth '' ( which has flown out of the country already lol ), 
  half the syriza party is not even going to support their own party 's proposal to the eu . 
  the writers argue that austerity is undermining reforms . 
  ok , lets have a look at reforms that are not done and judge for ourselves :, 
  separate church and state . 
  stop paying priests from the state budget . 
  tax church land, 
  cut all 3rd party taxes . 
  these are taxes that citizens pay and go to interest groups instead of the state : journalists , bank employees , etc, 
  cut the 1billion euro per year state fund to ose and deh . 
  why the fuck are we funding the richest pensioners in greece ? 
  sell ose which is running with a deficit . 
  let lamda development work on `` ellinikon '' . 
  their budget plan is 4.5 billion euro of infrastructure in order to open their business . 
  clopyright \u03b1\u03c0\u03cc status, 
  / s.a.n.o, 
  telegraph says that the imf loan was done to save the euro . 
  this is half the truth ( actually 1/3 or even a 1/4 of the truth ), 
  the loan saved greece as well . 
  we would have defaulted which means a collapse of pension funds and collapse of citizens bank accounts . 
  the pension funds got fucked with a haircut of 50 % , imagine what would have happened with a total haircut because of a default . 
  the loan the saved everyone from cds claims . 
  europe successfully avoided the mess that usa got into with aig and a cds value being a multiple of the debt itself . 
  the banks dear comrade , were not saved . 
  thankfully the citizens ' accounts were saved . 
  bankers ( i.e. 
  stock holders ) lost everything . 
  bank stock went from 30 euro to 0.3 euro . 
  you know nothing john snow :-), 
  you do understand i hope , that not saving a bank results in total loss of all the citizen money . 
  plus your boss money , on the account your comoany uses to pay your montly wages, 
  i said specifically that banks were not saved but accounts were . 
  if you were a banker i.e. 
  a stock holder ( owner ) you lost 99 % of your value . 
  let me put it in a way compatible with your minimum understanding : 1 % of the bank was saved, 
  oh yeah , bankers having eurobank stock valued at 0.12 euro will get their money back when the company does well enough to go back to 20euro . 
  thanks for the laughs man . 
  keep it up . 
  on a serious note : banks are non functional , because they were not saved . 
  the only money going in is pumped into accounts in order to avert an error screen the next time you visit an atm . 
  the bank itself as a business is bust . 
  go get a loan if you do n't believe me . 
  no they are not . 
  they do not give loans for businesses . 
  banks are at the moment acting just as safety deposit boxes . 
  thus low stock value, 
  do the math . 
  \u039c\u03b7\u03c0\u03c9\u03c2 \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 \u03b5\u03af\u03c0\u03b5 put your money where your mouth is ? 
  ok lets play your `` clever '' scenario : greece defaults on all debt held by non greek institutions :, 
  after this happens , greece is exluded from international markets because it has defaulted : everyone knows that we dont pay back non greeks . 
  problem 1 : greece at the time is running a budget with a 20billion deficit ( this is the deficit without loans , with loans it is 30 ) . 
  so greece will have to do budget cuts of 20billion on the spot . 
  total budget is 70billion . 
  this is huge !, 
  problem 2 : a greek pension fund comes to collect a matured bond . 
  where will the greek state find the money to pay it oeo ? 
  remember : greece can not get a loan so it can not pay some of the debt from its pocket and offset the rest to the future by issuing new bonds in the international markets . 
  the greek state will have to pay 100 % on the spot from its pocket . 
  it will either choose to not pay ( which means default on a greek held bond ) or not pay someone else in order to bear the cost ( example : lower state wages and pension support for this year ) . 
  solutions are not so easy comrade . 
  they ( venizelos ) chose a solution with a 50 % haircut . 
  a default as per my explanation above will result in a 100 % haircut even if it is only for external debt at the start . 
  from the available solutions the best was chosen . 
  magic solutions do not exist, 
  i will set conditions with pros and cons and then reference them in solutions, 
  no default ( cons : need to settle the negotiations with the current terms set by eu ), 
  lower tax , simpler tax law ( cons : budget deficit ), 
  c. restore market confidence ( cons : need to settle the negotiations with the current terms set by eu , with an agreement that spans at least 5 years without any need to negotiate further ), 
  greece needs to up its production and lower unemployment , this needs the following :, 
  foreign and local investments to start new business ( needs a , b , c ), 
  make banks safe for the return of deposits ( needs a , c ), 
  make banks active again , in order to start lending to new business ( needs a , c ), 
  relocation of business operating in greece but taxed abroad ( needs b , c ), 
  cash flow from efsf and ecb restored ( needs a ), 
  from the above you can deduce that greece will need to cut spending and settle the negotiations for good in order to restore confidence , and the required cash flow which is needed for our economy to operate and expand ( we are currently in a frozen landscape ), 
   greece has a surplus and can pay its own bills, 
  check my yesterday 's history where i go in detail why this is false . 
  greece will have to default on loans to its own pension funds ( ika , etc ) if the eu money stops . 
  iceland is one of the very good performing countries which export more than what they import . 
  this practically means that after a default , they can trade in whichever currency they choose ( even usd$ ) and they will not miss essential goods and services . 
  greece has no resemblance to iceland : if we default there will be problems in oil , machinery , electronics , medicine , even food . 
  in iceland banks failed , in our country the state failed . 
  the holders of debt were also different, 
  the rest is history, 
  in the prison example , the consequence of failing to settle is death ( you can not live without water ) . 
  risk is a product : risk = consequence x severity, 
  risk example 1 : i can take pill a that will make me vomit with a 100 % probability , but causes no harm to my health . 
  risk example 2 : i can take pill b that may kill me with a 20 % probability . 
  both scenarios are unpleasant , but example 2 carries much more risk . 
  tsipras is placing all bets on the table , and the bets are the lives of each greek citizen in the next 20-30 years . 
  i believe that the probability of getting what he asks for is greater than the probability of being denied . 
  but if he gets a no , our economy will die , and together with it , the greek people, 
  maximum error density reached . 
  achievement unlocked, 
  the first graph shows clearly that we need to slash pension spending by 3 % of gdp .
