  we ( greeks ) spent the last 10 years borrowing money ( government bonds ) and used it to fuel our economy . 
  unfortunately we did not use the loans to build infrastructure which would allow us to repay the loans , but used the money in order to buy imported goodies ( we have a huge trade deficit , we import more than we export ) . 
  we are thus , unable to pay back . 
  lenders know this , and do not lend us any more . 
  so there is no ` magic money ' for greece to spend . 
  so the government has less to give out ( through salaries to state employees ) , and people have less income . 
  as said before , greece is unable to repay loans and will go bust . 
  this means that euro bonds ( issued by greece ) will not get paid . 
  this can panic euro bond owners and make it impossible for eu countries to issue new bonds ( borrow money when needed ) . 
  this can be damaging to eu , so eu prefers to loose some more money by lending greece to not go bust , instead of leaving us die ( it is the lesser evil for eu ), 
  now , go to your room :-), 
  `` trust '' comes into play with government issued bonds ( you trust the state of holding up its promise , and paying up in the future when the bond matures ) . 
  this is off topic from our discussion on the value of currency : currency facilitates barter , by replacing the direct exchange of goods and services . 
  thus the currency has the value of said goods and services . 
  if there is no demand for the goods , there is no demand for the currency . 
  `` trust '' , `` faith '' whatever you call it , have no part in the demand for the currency . 
  from where does the mullet fart ? 
  what a pile of bs , reddit i am dissapointed :-(, 
  pls read below for clarification :, 
  fractional reserve banking is a must in a world with increasing population and increasing production . 
  image having the same amount of currency for double the people . 
  countries increase their debt , not because of secret deals , but because they borrow more money in broad daylight . 
  what greece did with gs , was to cook the books . 
  gs gave a loan , greece did not put it on the books : who is in fault here ? 
  the debt is high not because someone declares it to be so , but because it exceeds the money a country makes in a year , while having deficit ( without the loan repayments ) every year . 
  a default does not risk higher interest rates , it ensures no future borrowing for years to come, 
  austerity is not required , it is the result of the state having no money : the state can not borrow ( because nobody trusts them to repay after owning more than they earn ) and thus can not pay its employees and government programs . 
  economy-collapse causes austerity , not the other way around . 
  the solution is to increase production ( see below point 5 ), 
  in greece the government did almost nothing required to boost production :, 
  `` closed '' professions remain closed, 
  state bureaucracy remains same ( high ), 
  c. vat remains high ( greece offers the same product at a higher price because the vat is 4 % higher ), 
  d. special guaranteed incomes for lawyers , doctors , engineers etc remain, 
  there are so many inaccuracies within this post , i am lost for words ... 
  if `` fractional reserve banking '' is not the evil , do n't use it in your sentence as such, 
  if you are going to quote me , do n't quote-mine me , use my full quote :, 
  it [ a default ] ensures no future borrowing for years to come . 
  noone claims that a default risks higher interest rates . 
  your point does not stand . 
  again quote-mining ( or your reading comprehension is very poor ) : my point is that austerity happens not as a result of a request , but as a direct consequence of a government with a deficit ( not enough income vs expenses ), 
  when your economy collapses , you can not avoid austerity for the simple reason you do n't have magic money to fill in your budget holes . 
  i do not expect you to understand what i wrote , because if you could , you would n't have written such an inaccurate post to begin with . 
  i do hope that other redditors research both our points and come to a conclusion . 
  wot ? 
  how ? 
  money can not violate the known `` laws '' of physics . 
  uploaded . 
  every day that greece delays a default , is a day to work rebuilding the country with the money given through eu loans ( a part covers existing debt , and the rest covers the current deficit ), 
  stop spreading bullshit and re-read your source . 
  the axe-wielding politician is not the pm or president , or even a party leader . 
  his is a member of the 5th ranking party in greece . 
  do you get to kill one of the two at the end ( judging from username ? ), 
  win !, 
  both were males , and they liked wearing uniforms , i think we are on to something ... 
  hmmmm ... recovery . 
  at 30 % below poverty line ( see wiki ) up from 60 % right after the collapse in 2001 , you could use the word recovery ... 
  male or female ? 
  you will need to send 160 judges as well , cause noone caught goes to jail, 
  welcome to reddit , enjoy your stay with the true followers of diogenes :-), 
  we ( greeks ) are a joke . 
  before you downvote read :, 
  a communist party in a democracy is as absurd as a democratic party in a communist state ( or a muslim praying in a church or vice versa ) . 
  a communist party should be working to overthrow the elected government through a revolution , and a democracy has to protect against such forces . 
  you may ask : how does greece consolidates these two competing worlds ? 
  the communist party signed a declaration in the 70 's stating it is not going to do a revolution . 
  ahahahahahahahaahahahahah , what a farce !, 
  my point is : you can not have a democracy and communism simultaneously because they are mutually exclusive . 
  if you allow free elections , you will have multiple parties ( thus not communism ) . 
  if you have the one and only communist party and ban elections , you are not having a democracy . 
  see my answer :, 
  if citizens can not vote , how can they `` rule '' ? 
  you can argue that a direct democracy ( ancient athens style ) gives more `` ruling '' powers to the people from a parliamentary one , but no voting gives 0 powers . 
  if you have a multi party communist state , with free elections , how is it any different from what we currently have now in greece ? 
  you could say that the constitution could disallow a free market , and all production is state owned , but that makes the country similar to socialist venezuela and certainly not communist . 
  you can use any currency you want , i can even print my own currency . 
  the problem is people will not trust that it has any value : they do not know if other people will accept it in barter . 
  currency are pieces of paper , backed by `` something '' . 
  if there is nothing supporting the currency ( gold , gdp of a country , etc ) , the currency is not trusted , and thus has no value . 
  i ca n't see the practical significance if you can only vote for one party : voting requires choice . 
  i am very interested in hearing alternatives of collective decision making which do not involve voting . 
  you are changing the subject : who votes ( or how do you set ) the central decision body ( i am not using the word government in order to include anything appropriate ), 
  to clarify : ( a ) the communist party wins the election , and rules for the duration of its term until the next general elections ? 
  or ( b ) the communist party wins the election , and changes the constitution so that there are no more elections ? 
  in what way is the election system changed : after the term expires , will there be general elections or not ? 
  so you have communism during the term of the communist party ( that won the elections ) , which may be terminated on the next elections when a non-communist party is voted by the majority ( example a conservative party ), 
  hmmmm ... how will this work from a practical point of view ? 
  you win the elections and nationalise the industry , which is then sold back to individuals when the party losses the elections ? 
  but it is not communism in that case . 
  i do n't think you can oscillate between a free economy and a state economy and have a working communism . 
  oh come on !, 
  i know this is the internet , but really now ? 
  this requirement excludes private business ownership , thus not a free market by definition . 
  socialist free market , is like a muslim christian . 
  welcome to utopia and enjoy your stay . 
  back in the real world where this comment is being typed , institutions ( not only banks ) act according to the rules laid out by the lawmakers . 
  companies do not have a `` personality '' and thus do not have ethics . 
  its employees have morality , but they are bound by company code and procedures . 
  tl ; dr : greece was cooking the books , gs knew that greece was going to use the swap for cooking the books ( but did not care because it is not gs 's problem ) . 
  the blame rests on the chef i 'm afraid .
