  if you read my top comment , this is also my point :, 
  the only `` toxic '' assets they currently have , is greek bonds ( loans issued by our government ) . 
  when a government owes money , it owes it to a number of lenders :, 
  local private banks, 
  2 . international private banks, 
  individuals ( who have bought bonds ), 
  funds, 
  you get the picture, 
  controlling a military force gives you the ability to default ( not pay ) without anyone invading you ( the analogous to going to evading jail for bankrupt individuals ), 
  greece owes money mainly to a number of greek and european banks that have bought greek bonds ( \u03bf\u03bc\u03cc\u03bb\u03bf\u03b3\u03b1 ) . 
  there are various sources that have the exact break down of which bank holds what ( google it ), 
  if usa says `` make my debt 0 or i nuke you '' ( which is the same as not paying the value of a bond when it expires ) , nobody will lend money to the usa again ( because they have demonstrated that they do not pay ) . 
  usa has a deficit ( a `` hole '' in the yearly budget ) . 
  without lending , they will be forced to print money ( $ $ $ $ ) and this will devalue the dollar , which in turn will make imported goods more expensive . 
  just having a big gun , is not enough when you trade goods with other countries . 
  hope my reply is clear, 
  true that , as soon as eu banks get rid of enough greek bonds and decide that they can take the ` hit ' from our default , we will be left to die . 
  same here , do you know why we get this ? 
  i no longer view 3d in cinemas . 
  chest high walls !!!, 
  greek here , allow me to speculate :, 
  greece defaults --  euro value decreases --  eu products become cheaper than us products in markets where eu and us compete --  us exports less, 
  us is not going to help greece out of goodness . 
  see my other comment in the thread . 
  not to mention that at 3.5 % of gdp defence spending , we are very good customers of yours for the last 60 years . 
  writing is involved , but programming is really problem solving using a computer . 
  if you can not understand/solve problems , you can not code well . 
  guess whose money these bankers have invested in greek bonds . 
  bankers will not even blink , while civilians will see their savings evaporate . 
  very few people understand what you wrote . 
  your parent post also assumes that the `` banks '' will get it in the ass , and somehow magically everyone else will not be affected, 
  good news everyone . 
  new government has magic powers and will solve all problems that the previous one could not . 
  not enough internets, 
  what now ? 
  the earth is actually thousands of years old : 4.5 million thousands :-), 
  wiser words have never been spoken, 
  do n't cycle, 
  there can be only one kafros, 
  gtfo with your questions , we want sky cake and we want it now :-), 
  you are an idiot ( sorry ) for thinking that bankers will have a problem . 
  they got already paid while lending pre 2008 . 
  if the system crashes we ( me and you ) will see our bank savings evaporate . 
  you can see the shrooms kicking in right after the first '' ? '', 
  germany has growth even though its products are expensive , because they have top quality . 
  same for japan . 
  there are many ways to make a buck , quality is one of these . 
  our problem is governments payroll expenses ( salaries and grants ) see below :, 
  2009 numbers when shit hit the fan : ( in million euros ), 
  total spending 86342, 
  payroll 26536, 
  loans 12325, 
  grants 21490 ( to things like ika , etc. ), 
  tax and other returns 4775 + 4952, 
  payroll + grants = 48026 = 55 % of total expenses, 
  you are correct . 
  future lenders do n't really care why you did not pay , but how much you did not pay ( damages ) . 
  there is a bs documentary called debtocracy , which proposes not paying the debt because it is odious , and since its release you can see this idea floating around . 
  you are also correct for the taxes . 
  example in point : shipping companies have special tax arrangements with very low tax in greece . 
  same in uk . 
  about 2-3 years ago , uk thought about increasing this tax , and shipping companies started planning their relocation . 
  the idea was soon dropped by the government . 
  do i get to decide which laws are unjust ? 
  ok , rape is legal , back to the caves everyone, 
  i guess deciding which laws are unjust based on personal opinion does not work . 
  maybe if you did not see zionists around you , you could detect `` reductio ad absurdum '', 
  the important thing is that i got trolled . 
  well played, 
  you ca n't troll trollmctrollington, 
  this is not a democracy ( they do vote , but the results are not monitored ), 
  i miss the slashdot car analogies . 
  thank you sir, 
  it is made for old people who will buy this for their grandchildren not knowing the difference . 
  yes , it is a scam, 
  any ons love by any chance ? 
  manta rides , manta bomber , eject - throw vehicle at enemy , pancakes and eagle eyes . 
  i have sunk so many hours on this game type lol, 
  i think my best kill in ut2004 was a head shot in torlan from the avril location in my base , to a player going for a redeemer grab on the tower . 
  daymn i hated deemers :-), 
  in other news : i have clocked 468.3 hours on stat enabled servers alone , not counting additional aliases . 
  i loved this game, 
  the very small amount of votes you got for stating the obvious in your last two posts makes me unhappy :-(, 
  is this shopped ? 
  welcome to the church of oedipus jesus, 
  they did n't have flags, 
  retarded trolls ftw, 
  enrol to the local gym , because the desk is considered a peripheral . 
  we are good to the photons, 
  because this is reddit ( kick ), 
  i agree with your assessment about the ecb taking the losses , after buying the greek `` toxic '' bonds , but how are the eu taxpayers linked to this ? 
  i thought that the ecb will be forced to `` print money '' and make up the losses , thus devaluating the euro . 
  am i wrong here ? 
  pls clarify , i do not have a clear view of this . 
  that would be a breach of contract i guess : be denied of a service ( electricity ) for which you paid for ( assuming you pay the correct amount for the kwh spent ), 
  there are two problems causing the tax collection problem , which are rooted deeply in our society/system :, 
  tax collector employees can not be fired ( this applies to all government employees ) . 
  in order to solve this , our constitution has to be changed first ( and this needs two consecutive governments , 1st to approve the revision to be done by the next , the 2nd to do the revision ) . 
  tax collectors have raised the middle finger , stretched their legs on their desks , and the government can not do anything about it . 
  the judicial system does not work .
