  you continue with the ` no true scotchman fallacy ' . 
  i can not argue if you keep moving the goal posts . 
  my example of korea shows the fallacy of your trade sanctions argument : a country ( greece ) vested in merchant ships ( 20 % in global carrying capacity ) , that has no trade sanctions against a country which excels in shipbuilding ( s.korea and n.korea ) only builds ships in s.korea . 
   by all economic standards of measure, 
  sauce plz ? 
  resources include natural and human resources , and ussr + e.europe states + china lacked none . 
  you should ask yourself why should they need to import microchips from the west instead of building their own ? 
  lack of materials ? 
  were they stupid ? 
  lack of engineers ? 
   small amount of industrialization, 
  wtf ? 
  are you on drugs ? 
  russians built shit like this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_cruiser_oleg before the start on the 20th century . 
   there are also no success stories for capitalism, 
  sweden , norway , finland , denmark , luxemburg , germany , canada , australia , new zealand , switzerland , s.korea , japan ( enough countries ? ), 
  please do n't tell me that sweden ( or any of the others are socialist ) . 
  they are all free markets , the difference with the us is that they tax their citizens and build schools and hospitals , while the us is taxing in order to bomb brown people in the desert, 
  and i claim to be a dragon . 
  having a free market and claiming to be communist is not a small ` glitch ' , do n't you agree ? 
  the core idea of ` worker owned production ' thrown out of the window . 
  by the same logic a gay man can call himself straight :-), 
  norway is a free economy . 
  if a socialist state , allows free enterprise and private owned production ( as norway does ) , then we need to find a new word for those states that do not allow such a thing . 
   you do n't know what the phrases `` scientific method '' or `` reduction ad absurdum '' mean , do you ? 
  read my posts , then read wiki , then come back here with comments on my ` misunderstandings ', 
  statistics is a subset of mathematics ( which is the purest science we have ), 
  ps : you have reached maximum error density in your posts ; congratulations :-), 
  of course communist countries are socialist , this is why i made fun of you for using china as an example of a successful communist state , while they practice a free market . 
   polisci can not do this , it is an observational discipline . 
  astrophysics is also an observational discipline , we ca n't create `` lab universe ( s ) for testing purposes . 
  still it is a very successful science in modeling our universe on the large scales . 
  nothing in your definition can exclude polsci from the sciences set . 
  last point : a ` science ' field by definition uses the scientific method , duh :-) look , if you can not understand the contradiction of your statement with the definition of a ` science ' field , i am either talking to a troll or an idiot . 
  i am your father, 
  all of your post supports my `` no true communist fallacy '' against you . 
  these states where :, 
  proclaiming themselves communist, 
  implemented a state owned economy with profits allocated according to state rules ( no free market ), 
  the rest of the world was treating them as communist ( us anti-communist mania for example ) . 
  my country 's local communist party was aspiring to them as the communist example and the local government was implementing anti-communist measures ( as another example ), 
  communist conventions on non-communist states up to the late 80 's used them as communism implementation examples, 
  ... but according to ulldonnmor they were no `` true '' communists :-) ahahhahahahhaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  ok man , you got me . 
  if you say they were not communist states , i believe you . 
  you know better than all the above ; my gut tells me you know better, 
  please do repeat , a good joke never dies, 
  ok , on the next implementation we will just ask every country to play nice with their army , how silly of everyone to be tough before . 
  profits were allocated by the state : there were no contracts between workers and factories . 
  ask yourself this : could workers negotiate a better salary ? 
  could anyone own production ? 
  could they keep the net profit ? 
  i knew it : stupid americans ( and everyone else in the west ) getting confused and not seeing that they were not communist . 
  man , if we ever build a time machine , we should just send you back to tell them . 
  all this big misunderstanding going away , would have saved tons of struggle . 
  please call kke ( greek communist party 10 % in recent elections ) and tell them . 
  these poor souls living within a falsehood since 1920 ... so sad :-(, 
  i am having too much fun with your dream-world , please continue :-), 
   your like the guy, 
  ahahahahahah , you 're ( sorry your ) killing me . 
  keep it up :-), 
  source ? 
  please provide majority stock holders of at least one company in a communist country . 
  why you need the majority of stocks in order to claim profits , i leave as an exercise to the reader . 
   when your clearly wrong, 
  pffff hehhehhe :-) americans were as bad as anyone in the world with a big gun . 
  according to your arguments they were also stupid fighting an imaginary ` communist ' foe . 
  from your article :, 
   the october revolution was the spark that ignited the progressive growth of the international communist movement . 
  its flame accelerated the formation of a number of communist parties , among which was the kke ... 
  they keep using this word ... 
  please help them see that they are wrong ; so sad to waste their times in a ` non-communist ' communist party :-), 
  i like you :-), 
  ok , enough jokes on your ignorance ; a serious post : if you own the minority of stocks , you can not elect ` your ' board of directors . 
  the board of directors decides on which percentage of the net profits is going to be distributed to stock holders and which is going to be re-invested in the company ( they are after all , looking for the best interests of the company ) . 
  example : a company makes 1mil $ in 2012 , but decides to use it all in r&d in order to better itself . 
  i have 51 % and you have 49 % . 
  the bod is ` mine ' ( voted by my majority ) . 
  the decision is to not distribute profits but invest . 
  here comes the juicy part : the r&d services are given by a company which is also mine ( or belongs to a very good friend of mine ) . 
  second juicy scenario : the company never has any profit ; it is always balanced . 
  i get to decide who we hire ( through my bod of course ) . 
  the fact that they nationalised production in a span of 20 years instead of 24 hours , does not change my argument that private enterprise was killed and inapplicable on those states . 
  in your source check the following and revert : could any civilian open a car repair shop , or did he need to belong to the party ? 
  our discussion will soon have very fresh data to work on : greek elections are over , and the socialist parties have won ( they do n't have the majority of seats in the parliament due to some ` magic ' of greek election law ) and they will either be the next government or a big part of it . 
  i predict another failed experiment :-(, 
  you know when you are 5 , and you believe in magic ? 
  same thing with greece : they want magic money to appear and stop austerity, 
  so long my friend , and thanks for the lulz :-), 
  greece ( we ) could borrow money as if it was germany and had the potential repayment power of zimbabwe . 
  shit + fan = ? 
  greek here . 
  i think this name dispute should be at number : 9,232,456,123,456,275,008,001 on the list of things to be resolved on this planet, 
  greece has a deficit and a trade imbalance ( we import more than what we export ) . 
  the debt is not as big of a problem as the 2 mentioned before . 
  we need to keep receiving money from the new eu loans in order to finance the creation of new business that will :, 
  reduce imports by the creation of greek products, 
  increase exports, 
  c. create the money inflow from ( b ) in order to 0 deficit, 
  my key point is this : greece needs to develop real production ( tourism for example , even though it is a service , requires infrastructure in order to attract customers ) .
