  old guy wisdom :, 
   queen fudaru first of her name , queen of the andals and the first men , lady of the seven kingdoms and protector of the realm, 
   or you can learn about the concept of high-waking , which makes you effectively invincible, 
  how so ? 
  are n't you a target for the fsd cool-down period + the `` jump charge-up '' period ? 
  thanks , will try open and see, 
  flatearth society approves of this post, 
  rng ( random number generator ), 
   in greece , the imf violated its own cardinal rule by signing off on a bailout in 2010 even though it could offer no assurance that the package would bring the country 's debts under control or clear the way for recovery, 
   the report by the imf 's independent evaluation office ( ieo ) goes above the head of the managing director , christine lagarde . 
  it answers solely to the board of executive directors , and those from asia and latin america are clearly incensed at the way european union insiders used the fund to rescue their own rich currency union and banking system . 
  the three main bailouts for greece , portugal and ireland were unprecedented in scale and character . 
  the trio were each allowed to borrow over 2,000 pc of their allocated quota -- more than three times the normal limit -- and accounted for 80pc of all lending by the fund between 2011 and 2014 . 
  imf is not apologising to greece ( nor it should , as it lend us against the rules ) . 
  it is apologising to its board of directors for misuse of the funds to help europe above what was allowed . 
  see my top comment for more info, 
  the imf is stealing taxes from the greek state ? 
  how ? 
  why do i keep reading velociraptor ? 
  and your point is ? 
  let me help you : does it give out dividents ? 
  if its not a non-profit fund then it is a for-profit fund . 
  so , who gets the profits ? 
  will return with links, 
  so many cancer build comments . 
  i dont pvp , can someone eli5 ? 
  greek statistics ftw !, 
  rubs credit card impatiently, 
  what can we do apart from wait until elections ? 
  if you crash another ship while speeding , you are fined . 
  you are not fined for speeding alone . 
  how does this shieldless eagle thing work ? 
  same problem . 
  solution : sold the autodocking module :-), 
  lol, 
  you think that a guy who ignored the 62 % of the voters ( when he turned around the referendum result ) , will give a damn about protests ? 
  tsipras managed to fool everyone and become pm . 
  he will not step down no matter what . 
  he is not getting a second go and he tries to bend the election rules in order to make sure noone wins . 
  it is full of dildos, 
  i had cargo from mission rewards . 
  i always forget this . 
  fun times ahead . 
  putin madouro and erdogan , give 10/10 . 
  well done, 
  how do you get a wing of npcs ? 
  what if he gets sick ? 
  no mri no drugs no xray etc. . . 
  i did . 
  i found one at merope , shot it , no materials came out :-(, 
  any examples that are up to date ? 
  thanks, 
  tried 2 different planets from the google doc . 
  the barnacles had no `` fruit '' on them . 
  i must be doing something terribly wrong . 
  this kind of data is not persistent . 
  say you landed on station a and it had class 7a shield , and you make a note about it . 
  2 weeks from now you want this shield type for your new ship , bad luck , the module is no longer available . 
  this station also gave `` destroy generators '' missions last week , but it does not today . 
  etc. . . 
  the game already has a function for info `` tips '' . 
  if only we could use it for a fee for all the above requests . 
  example : what is the closest station that sells module a ? 
  an info tip about where meta alloys are would be nice . 
  your example is perfect because i spend 8 hours without getting the one meta alloy needed for an engineer even after getting info from reddit and the forums . 
  some posts named the stations which sold the meta-aloys , some other posts said that this was a temp workaround , and proposed to harvest barnacles . 
  i checked 4 barnacle sites , everything was harvested , forums said that this is because of over-harvesting , etc etc. . 
  at some point , i just said `` fuck it '' , not using this engineer i guess . 
  true , but if it venting atmosphere into space there will be rust, 
  no , your idea was good . 
  venting atmosphere , also vents h20 , ergo rust ( over time ), 
  the music it plays is the same theme used in the docking scene in space odyssey 2001 . 
  epic choice !, 
  check out the scene of space odyssey , then start ed , launch from inside the station and wait just before exiting the mailslot . 
  tell me what you see :-), 
  youtube fellow cmdr, 
  the world does not work like this though . 
  we can not force them to pay reparations ( their payment denial does not affect their economy ) , but we are forced to pay our debts ( our payment denial destroys our economy ) . 
  please feel free to chase unicorns at the end of the rainbow :-), 
  the border solution was solved last summer . 
  all greek borders were blocked from the outside , trapping refugees inside greece . 
  any other great ideas ? 
  also , this action on our behalf made greece irrelevant on the eu table , and gave all negotiating power to turkey . 
  good job eh ? 
  the solution was the closing of the borders ( by the other balcan countries ) , which by the way is still in effect . 
  the deal with turkey saved our ass by stopping the flow turkey -- greece . 
  the flow greece -- eu was stopped by the balcan countries closing their borders with us . 
  our troubles are self inflicted since we closed the hotspotd and gave them free passage through our state, 
  the argument is this : pursuing unattainable solutions is a waste of resources . 
  we will spend diplomatic `` capital '' for a lost cause , so that syriza can sell false hope to its voters . 
   the gold loan is an official loan ( with interest , no less ) for which they are responsible, 
  problems with this thinking :, 
  the loan was under force ( non voluntary ) so it is not really a loan , it is stealing , thus it is grouped in the damages of war reparations for which we have already received compensation and agreed that we can not ask for more . 
  even if ( 1 ) is not accepted , the loan will have to be calculated against 2 defaults : greece and germany . 
  example : you lend me 1000e today . 
  the euro starts declining and in 3 years gets into hyper inflation ( just as the drachma and mark had in ww2 ) . 
  so in 3 years time , a bottle of milk costs 1000e , but i still owe you 1000e ( lending with a clause that links to international markets was not an option or even an idea back then ) . 
  the greek government does a reverse split ( as it did after ww2 ) and every 1,000,000 e is replaced by 1 ( new ) euro . 
  i owe you 0.001 e. 
  if you decide that the loan was denominated in german marks , you still have the same problem with the default of germany after the loss of ww2,
