  the account holders will not complain , because any damage is going to be covered by their government using tax money . 
  tl ; dr the citizens get shafted, 
  yes we are `` kidnapped '' in a way , you finally understood what `` too big to fail '' means . 
  you do n't prop the banks because of my logic , but because it is less damaging to the citizens . 
  your rage against bank executives makes our exchange in this thread very difficult . 
  even if we burn them at the stake , the problem remains . 
  at least for this crisis , we will have to salvage the banking system . 
  do i like it ? 
  do i have a choice ? 
  as for fixes in the regulatory framework , pick someone else on the next election that satisfies your regulatory needs ( i assume your country is a democracy ) . 
  nice ideas man , i am sure they are easy to implement too : just let the system collapse ( letting the banks go bust ) , pray that we do n't get into a 30 's style recession ( without banks around ? 
  nahhh ) and then hope that the goverment that emerges whet the dust settles down will be a super regulatory one . 
  are you high ? 
  do you live in dreamland ? 
  so instead of fixing/improving the financial system , we let it crash and burn ( with all the human pain that will come as a result ) in the hope that its future reincarnation will be better . 
  you are high :-), 
  you are basing all your argumentation in this thread on the `` temporary '' nature of such a disaster . 
  how do you know ? 
  the collapse of new york stock exchange in the 30 's was not temporary or `` nice '' , and germany 's austerity because of its huge unsupported debts , brought nazism to power . 
  history teaches us not to repeat past mistakes : can you name one big scale financial collapse that ended fast ? 
  do n't quote me a single country that no-one gives a fuck about , because here we are not talking about greece collapsing ( only 2 % of eu gdp ) here , we are talking about the eu collapsing . 
  the fine tuning concerns the laws of physics . 
  our current theories that describe the forces of nature , contain some constants that if changed even slightly , you will not end up with universes that * could * support life ( not even elements ) . 
  if there is a multiverse , and our universe if just one of many , then you can do without fine tuning . 
  but if this is the only one ( and you can prove it ) , you are stuck with the fine tuning question, 
  my argument is that we do not need a disaster on top of the current problem . 
  your argument is that a temporary one is acceptable . 
  i find a non temporary disaster ( a lengthy one , like similar ones from the past ) unacceptable too - this does not mean that i consider such a disaster permanent . 
  the current system is being fixed as we speak - the regulations that were lifted before will return ( eu is already on the way of having direct checking authority on what countries report ) . 
  the money is spent to salvage a working system . 
  your last question is either trolling or not thinking : no financial collapse can be permanent , so your last question is auto-answered . 
  but this is off topic : a non-permanent collapse that last for years , is a big problem . 
  there can be no global trade without banks . 
  in order to import the simplest thing ( oil ) you need a letter of credit , you need some entity that everyone trusts . 
  letting the banks collapse will take us to pre 1850 times . 
  production quotas ? 
  `` it will be bad if you do n't '' ? 
  you seem to know nothing about what banks actually do , and what their use is in the economy . 
  even if we get rid of banks and we replace them with new financial institutions , these institutions should have the same function as our current banks : allow future production via loans and share the risk amongst account holders . 
  example follows :, 
  imagine that the institution ( or bank ) described above does not exist . 
  you have an idea ( invention ) , or you want to produce something new , or you want to expand your current business and you need money . 
  you have to find a private investor , who in case of failure may loose all his capital . 
  in order to compensate for this , he will charge you a very large interest ( because he is actually betting against the odds ) , which will make repayment impossible unless you super-succeed . 
  banks allow individuals or companies to get money at very low rates using the account holders money . 
  the risk is lowered and distributed . 
  banks ( or your new institution type ) will have to take risks , otherwise there can be no new production from individuals that lack the capital ( only the rich will be able to do stuff ), 
  from what you write , i wonder where you got such a twisted view of the operation of banks . 
  let me help : why does the gravitational constant have the value it has now ? 
  if it was stronger a bit , the universe would collapse before expanding into anything interesting . 
  lower it a bit and stars do n't shine . 
  this is the fine tuning we are talking about, 
  if you tear one bank apart ( as per your post ) , the crowds will run to get their money out of their accounts from the other banks . 
  you may argue that the crowd 's reaction may be illogical in some cases , ( because for example their bank has the capital to cover them ) , but the irrational mob fear has created bank runs every time they got news of frozen accounts . 
  i can not believe that you work in the financial sector and ignore the simple fact of bank runs . 
  why do you think big banks buy smaller banks that are about to go bust ? 
  these banks are their competitors , what better than seeing competition die , right ? 
  where do you draw the line between a loan and an investment ? 
  is n't the loan in itself an investment ? 
  if you want to keep the account savings intact , you should go to the old system , where the customer paid the bank fees for safe-keeping the money . 
  no loans = no interest , you pay fees to cover the bank 's operating expenses . 
  i lost you on the last paragraph , i do not undestand what you are trying to say . 
  we hold the bank 's shareholders liable with what ? 
  worse things have not happened since the 30 's because we do not let the system fail . 
  and yes , you are ignoring bank runs because you did not provide a counter argument other than `` boohoo '', 
  a bank in default has more liabilities than assets to seize . 
  why do you think it defaults ? 
  execs got tired and want to go on holidays ? 
  proping a bank 's every bad decision is miles away from saving it from going bust . 
  why do you try to argue using extreme non practical cases ? 
  where did i say that we should hold the bank 's hand ? 
  i understand limited liability , i lost you at the death tax . 
  tbh i am not trying to convince you . 
  i use this conversation to explain to my friends the current banking situation using my counter arguments to your positions . 
  your position ( it is also the popular position ) , to allow everything to crash and hope for a better tomorrow is just that : wishfull thinking , and the reasons why we have the system we have now , is best described in our thread . 
  this is wishfull thinking . 
  there is too much at stake to just hope that things will auto correct fast . 
  risk is a product of possibility x consequence , and in what you are proposing , both quantities are `` large '' . 
  this is also a risk that can destroy the future of generations to come . 
  no-one knows why the constants of nature have the values they have . 
  if stenger knew , he would get a nobel for it . 
  string theorists have a stab at it : we live in one of many universes - but there is no experiment yet to confirm this . 
  the value of the gravitational constant could be anything . 
  for life ( any life ) to exist , the range of permited values is limited . 
  what i am comparing is g to g , not colors to numbers . 
  what kind of bs parallelism was that ? 
  stenger 's simulation is bs , source : http://letterstonature.wordpress.com/2010/04/18/no-faith-in-monkeygod-a-fine-tuned-critique-of-victor-stenger-part-2/, 
  amongst other errors , he does not take into account variations to the strong force , when trying to calculate the potential age of stars . 
  this is not a what-if mental excercise : the `` why do the constants have these values ? '', 
  is a genuine , yet unanswered , scientific question . 
  theoretical physics have produced a model of this world which is very accurate . 
  the equations contain some `` magic '' numbers . 
  these numbers can not be derived from any other theoretical work , and were hard-set to match observations . 
  got it ? 
  you are off-topic : i am not concluding anything based on our incomplete theory . 
  i am just explaining that the `` fine tuning '' is relevant to the existence of our universe with its current properties , and not to the possibility of the existence of life . 
  gravity is just one of the mystery values . 
  to quote a great mind ( feynman ), 
  `` it has been a mystery ever since it was discovered more than fifty years ago , and all good theoretical physicists put this number up on their wall and worry about it . 
  immediately you would like to know where this number for a coupling comes from : is it related to \u03c0 or perhaps to the base of natural logarithms ?
