   no dictator was ever overthrown through protests, 
  so , let me get this . 
  are you saying that papadopoulos was overthrown by the protests , and not by ioannides ? 
  if he was overthrown by the protests , why did the protesters give the power to a new dictator instead of keeping it for the people ? 
  ( a dictator much harder than the previous one ), 
  or , are you saying that ioannides was overthrown by protests ( which ones are these , because the polytechnic protests were made one year prior ) , and the cyprus invasion was just a time coincidence ? 
  we get more than what we give ( unlike germany ) . 
  espa is a positive money flow for greece . 
  if our economy becomes as strong as germany , then i will agree that the money flow will be negative ( at the same time , world peace and blow-jobs for everyone ), 
  it is . 
  if you give 1 billion and you take 10 billion , you are +9 million . 
  this is until you get to be germany ( this is another term for infinite time ), 
  give me 10 billion euro , i give you 1 billion euro , i will never return the difference , and i accept to not call it `` free money '', 
  interviewer : there can be only one ( pulls sword , decapitates student ), 
  - cheesy lightning effects -, 
  are you retarded ? 
  i will leave this here :, 
  \u0397 \u0394\u03c1\u03ac\u03c3\u03b7 \u03bb\u03ad\u03b5\u03b9 `` fix the rules and you will allow production to start '' \u03bf \u0392\u03b1\u03c1\u03bf\u03c5\u03c6\u03ac\u03ba\u03b7\u03c2 \u03bb\u03ad\u03b5\u03b9 `` erase debt to ease market fears '' . 
  we need to start ww4 ( iv ) . 
  wwiii is a prerequisite, 
  `` so you beat drag queens , huh ? '', 
  he said before getting cancer from his radioactive chesterfield couch . 
  what 's 3d porn like ? 
  surprise anal . 
  works every time, 
  never upvotes, 
  not being able to get up from bed , and rip a mega fart that makes underwear moist, 
  / thread, 
  he gets to the point ( s ) starting at :, 
  which is ? 
  agreed . 
   have a politician in place one day that will look merkel in the eye and say the truth about what is going on in greece and the cause of it, 
  this has happened with varoufakis , and the previous governments . 
  the answer was always the same : stick to the program . 
  this answer caused venizelos to `` invent '' the predecessor of enfia , caused samaras to returned battered from berlin on his last visit and ask for elections , and it remains to be seen if it will cause syriza to win a semantics game and do exactly the same program , or go to a referendum ( i do not believe a euro exit , tsipras does not seem to be so stupid ) . 
   so you believe this was all showmanship on the part of tsipras ? 
  yes, 
   15 minutes of fame and nothing more ? 
  15 days, 
   in that case i hope varoufakis throws a chair at sch\u00e4uble 's head on monday, 
  you are a diplomacy genius . 
  what a wasted talent :-), 
  welcome to / r/greece , enjoy your ~ ~ stay ~ ~ downvotes, 
  ( win-win ) ^ win, 
  everyone vs everyone . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  i am just stating the fact, 
  says the man who has not given any written plan to eu so far ( while being asked for one , specifically at eurogroup ), 
   our government is not asking our partners for a way out of repaying our debts, 
   austerity does not work, 
  but there is no alternative . 
  austerity = state poverty . 
  your input will be needed . 
   no more extend and pretend, 
  now we do the duck, 
  selective memory ? 
   the alternative to austerity is keynesian economics, 
  europe has trapped itself with the money though . 
  we are on the `` free '' side without any :-), 
  joking aside , it is syriza who is trapped . 
  eu is ready to let us go , no-one is on our side . 
  syriza has to either agree to a new memorandum and face its voters , or run out of money and face every greek . 
  fail ... :-(, 
  no argument here , \u03c3\u03c5\u03bc\u03c6\u03c9\u03bd\u03ce . 
  eu has shutdown 2 out of 3 sources of money , and has dropped the ball on our court asking if we want an extension or not . 
  they can not kick us out , but the above shows that they are prepared to see us go on ourselves . 
  what does it show then ? 
  unconditional love ? 
  yes , it can adopt any currency it wants . 
  we can not issue dollars , so this is very impractical if our economic output grows, 
  connection to reality lost . 
  trying again in 5 . .4 . .3 . .2 . .1, 
  like what ? 
  i am all ears, 
  which was ? 
  1 . lol, 
  2 . yes ( but now we are 70 % \u03bc\u03bd\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03bd\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03bf\u03b9 , get on with the program man ) :-), 
  3 . yes, 
  4 . yes . 
  5 . yes , of the worse kind, 
  ok . o sublime45 einai < insert something something , 
  why does it show as :, 
  dijsselbloem : received greek request for six months ******* ? 
  dear president of the eurogroup ,, 
  over the last five years , the people of greece have exerted remarkable efforts in economic adjustment . 
  the new government is committed to a broader and deeper reform process aimed at durably improving growth and employment prospects , achieving debt sustainability and financial stability , enhancing social fairness and mitigating the significant social cost of the ongoing crisis . 
  the greek authorities recognise that the procedures agreed by the previous governments were interrupted by the recent presidential and general elections and that , as a result , several of the technical arrangements have been invalidated . 
  the greek authorities honour greece 's financial obligations to all its creditors as well as state our intention to cooperate with our partners in order to avert technical impediments in the context of the master facility agreement which we recognise as binding vis-a-vis its financial and procedural content . 
  in this context , the greek authorities are now applying for the extension of the master financial assistance facility agreement for a period of six months from its termination during which period we shall proceed jointly , and making best use of given flexibility in the current arrangement , toward its successful conclusion and review on the basis of the proposals of , on the one hand , the greek government and , on the other , the institutions . 
  the purpose of the requested six-month extension of the agreement 's duration is :, 
  ( a ) to agree the mutually acceptable financial and administrative terms the implementation of which , in collaboration with the institutions , will stabilise greece 's fiscal position , attain appropriate primary fiscal surpluses , guarantee debt stability and assist in the attainment of fiscal targets for 2015 that take into account the present economic situation . 
  ( b ) to ensure , working closely with our european and international partners , that any new measures be fully funded while refraining from unilateral action that would undermine the fiscal targets , economic recovery and financial stability . 
  ( c ) to allow the european central bank to re-introduce the waiver in accordance with its procedures and regulations . 
  ( d ) to extend the availability of the efsf bonds held by the hfsf for the duration of the agreement . 
  ( e ) to commence work between the technical teams on a possible new contract for recovery and growth that the greek authorities envisage between greece , europe and the international monetary fund which could follow the current agreement . 
  ( f ) to agree on supervision under the eu and ecb framework and , in the same spirit , with the international monetary fund for the duration of the extended agreement . 
  ( g ) to discuss means of enacting the november 2012 eurogroup decision regarding possible further debt measures and assistance for implementation after the completion of the extended agreement and as part of the follow-up contract . 
  with the above in mind , the greek government expresses its determination to cooperate closely with the european union 's institutions and with the international monetary fund in order : ( a ) to attain fiscal and financial stability and ( b ) to enable the greek government to introduce the substantive , far-reaching reforms that are needed to restore the living standards of millions of greek citizens through sustainable economic growth , gainful employment and social cohesion . 
  sincerely ,, 
  minister of finance,
