  pensioner ? 
  no vote, 
  unemployed ? 
  no vote, 
  people are more likely to think when their money is on the line . 
  take our current situation : what incentive does a public employee or a pensioner have to vote for a government which will balance the budget and gather surplus ( and as a result lower their salaries/pentions ) ? 
  zero !, 
  they will keep on voting for the sweets to flow , and this is excactly what they are doing . 
  see my 1st level reply to this post, 
  allow me to repost my point :, 
   people are more likely to think when their money is on the line . 
  what you wrote is very amusing , but let 's try to keep this thread on [ serious ] mode :, 
  by the way , we pay tolls for roads + a very high road tax on our vehicles , pay insurance through a % of our salary for hospitals , and last time i checked i paid a water bill . 
  living off the government means that you do not make a net contribution . 
  examples :, 
  public employee : salary from state 1000e , tax 300e . 
  net = -700 e, 
  unemployed : unemployment benefit 300e . 
  net = -300 e, 
  private employee : salary 1000e , tax 300e . 
  net = +300 e ( has a positive balance to the state ), 
  we have paid taxes for all of this . 
  you could make this argument for sweden where you do get most of your taxes back as state services ( most , not all ) . 
  but in greece ? 
  lol, 
  our current budget , allocates 80 % for paying salaries and pensions . 
  all public works are funded by eu , hospitals are shit ( no doctors , no equipment ) , universities are shit ( need repairs asap ) , schools are shit ( parents pay extra for education outside school ) , army does not buy new tech . 
  is it comfy on your fluffy cloud where you snooze while dreaming that the greek state is making good use of your taxes ? 
  if it is his money ( i.e. 
  the 20 year old is paying taxes and he is not employed by the state ) , he is entitled to any opinion . 
  it is his money that is going to be spent . 
  example :, 
  i am employed by the state . 
  this means i do not give money to the state , but the state gives money to me . 
  this means i want the state to be spending more . 
  it is not my money that is going to be spent anyway . 
  an increase to my salary will be paid by other citizens . 
   they should n't vote because the decreased taxes are going to be covered by other citizens, 
  if you want to have a discussion , please make a point that makes sense . 
  decreased taxes are not covered by anyone . 
  decreased taxes lead to a smaller state . 
  the state exists when money exists ( through taxes ) . 
  it is impossible to run a government with 0 capital . 
  the state decides how this capital is allocated , and voters decide who runs the state . 
  when public employees , pensioners and the unemployed vote , they decide how to spend your money ( by choosing a government that raises taxes that come out of your pocket , and raises benefits that go into their pockets ), 
  what public employees , pensioners and the unemployed do , is not unethical . 
  we would do the same in their place . 
  they use the rules of the game on their favor . 
   decreased taxes need smaller state that needs smaller public employees ' salaries . 
  agreed, 
   eg if you remove public funding from universities , all the cost is going to be reallocated to the students . 
  nope . 
  if the state gave student coupons for private universities , the cost/student would do down . 
  state run business is always wasteful . 
  additionally , private universities get research funds from the industry . 
  i went to a uk university where bt , hp and defense industries paid almost all expenses . 
  they even paid me as a postgraduate student with a scholarship ( my cost was much lower that hiring an employee ) . 
  equipment in labs was always the latest , paid by private industry . 
  computing labs , and electronics labs had always the newest computers . 
  every 3 years they would get brand new pcs ( and the old ones would be donated to humanities colleges ), 
  it is not a zero sum game . 
  i think that other people getting to decide on how to spend your money is more unethical than you getting to decide how to spend your money . 
  in any case , having the right to vote as a net contributor to the state does not guarantee that you will get what you want . 
  other net contributors may decide otherwise . 
  but at least the net contributors will be deciding how to spend their money . 
  because greek pensioners did not pay what they are receiving now . 
  our pension system does not work like a bank account . 
  what you pay now for your pension fund goes directly to todays pensioners . 
  what your pension will be is unknown . 
  todays pensioners are net receivers . 
  will edit to continue on the next points g2g now, 
  edit :, 
  about unemployed citizens : when you stop being a contributor you lose your voting rights . 
  my description on my top comment lays up this very simple rule . 
  otherwise people could just work for 1 year and then get voting rights for life ( which makes the whole thing i am proposing defeating its purpose ) . 
  if euro is hell , then all eastern countries that try to get into it are masochists . 
  / u/thrasivulas knows better than the finance ministers of 10 nations that have been expanding the economies since the fall of communism . 
  simitis ' failure to control the leftists in his party with the pension reform , shows that there is no hope for greece . 
  simitis failed when everything was going for him : greece had lowered deficits , had lowered inflation , got into the euro and could now borrow with super low interest rates , economy was booming . 
  still when he tried to reform pensions , his own party turned against him . 
  imagine how difficult it is now to do a pension reform . 
  i think syriza will just let greece burn to the ground and then point fingers to outsiders ( eu , usa , masons , aliens , etc ) . 
  the citizens do n't care to push for pension reform . 
  you ca n't have everything . 
  euro has 1 % inflation ( good ) , but you can not print like mad and devalue . 
  local currency has  10 % inflation , and you can print like mad . 
  10 cls, 
  20 for a = 1 to 100, 
  exw na grapsw gw-basic 30 xronia mhn varate, 
  highlights :, 
  corrections based on previous polls :, 
  greece fail level 100 !, 
  up-voted for info . 
  \u03ba\u03b1\u03b9 link \u03bc\u03b5 \u03c4\u03bf tinder account, 
  fbi agent, 
  what are you firing with ? 
  did the other guys have prismatic shields + boosters ? 
  from an older post :, 
  fun fun fun !, 
  pondering the important questions in life,
