  the first part is correct : greek banks did not buy into the mortgage derivatives or cds markets linked to these . 
  but : they bought greek bonds well before the start of the crisis . 
  who do you think held 340 billion euros of bonds before 2009 ? 
  you and me ? 
  out of the 110 billion euro loss , 26 billion is the greek sector bank losses . 
  wtf did you get the info that greek debt was not held by greek banks in part ? 
  your data supports ( click on the bbc link and choose greece , then add up all debt to foreign countries and subtract from 360bn - roughly : you get the debt held by greek sector banks pre-psi ) what i am saying : greek banks held a part of the bonds , hence their 26 bn damage in the overall 110 billion damage . 
  down-voting facts as usual :-(, 
  let 's get the facts straight :, 
  alogoskoufis inflated the gdp of greece by 30 % ( basically he lied ) so that he could borrow more money : hey bond market i am making more than i reported last year , sure you can increase my balance right ? 
  ( the stupidity of his action needs a separate post ) . 
  no money ( your 28bn ) were given to the banks , for this simple reason : the greek state did not have them ( unless you think fatty boy karamanlis had them under the mattress ) . 
  use google and try to find a source of the greek state lending 28bn to banks . 
  the state offered to raise cash and lend the banks , but the banks said no ( 1st one being mig via the mouth of vgenopoulos ) . 
  reason : the lending terms were not making money to the banks . 
  side effect : no lending by the banks to the entrepreneurs ( cash stagnation ) . 
  your last paragraph does not make any sense . 
   an unemployed person 's efforts will not be reciprocated , so there 's no incentive to voluntarily perform labor . 
  of course they will not be reciprocated , because that would imply a reward of some sort ( thanks dictionary again ) , making the `` voluntary '' nature void . 
  are you trying to troll me with circular logic ? 
  let 's try to stay on topic :, 
  if you read the rest of the partially quoted paragraph and put it as a reply to my question you get this : an unemployed person will not voluntarily pick up the trash because there is no communal pool swelled with resources of public utility , which would allow people to find much more time to propel their own interests in meaningful ways . 
  there was no injection of 28 bn . 
  check your sources . 
  banks pray to get a loan as we speak though ( we will know the final verdict in 2 weeks max ), 
  no 39 . in dumbest moments by cnn, 
  a clarification : when you donate money you `` give '' money , when you lend money you `` give '' money , and when you buy stock you `` give '' money . 
  there is a big difference between the 3 actions . 
  newspapers use the verb `` give '' dishonestly in my opinion because they never clarify that stocks were bought , or a loan was given . 
  the law it self below :, 
  there was a pre-election poster by pasok before the last elections , comparing the 28bn potential loans to banks , to the 0.5 bn given for unemployment benefits , essentially comparing a donation to a loan . 
  our country is sad :-(, 
  that assumes a donation . 
  what was given was a potential to get a loan upon request ( some took it ) . 
  but it was a loan . 
  there is a reason we never use the phrase `` the bank is helping me buy the house of my dreams '' while getting a loan for it , because the bank is helping itself ( via interest profits ), 
  so the wealth is not given to everyone , just the ones that work as hard as the factory majority thinks . 
  you have just confirmed his point, 
  my brain refuses to accept the word handouts . 
  it is handjobs , i have to deal with it and try to make sense of the article with this info, 
  i have to give it to you : you win the argument by sheer force of out-of-topic wall of text :-), 
  you wrote a bazillion words about capitalism and socialism , while our topic is a simple real life observation : unemployed under benefit programs do very very little voluntary work ( free work , under their own free will ) , that could contribute to our society . 
   the apathy one encased in a capitalist construct feels , in the knowledge that he is n't secure in his well-being , leads him to think his efforts are of no use . 
  the disenfranchised are alienated . 
  the issue is n't the lone instance of ` voluntarily picking up trash ' . 
  it 's the lack of security behind that principle that 's so foreboding . 
  let 's format your explanation together with my observation : unemployed do not volunteer in our society because they are not secure for their well being ( a ) , they think that their efforts are of no use ( b ) hence they are alienated ( c ) . 
  ( a ) false : their well being is secured by law ( they are under benefit programs ) . 
  if some believe they are not secured there is nothing to be done , it is their free will to believe things not based in reality ( some believe this planet is 6000 years old ), 
  ( b ) do you think unemployed people are retarded or uneducated ( or both ) ? 
  what can possibly prevent them to come to the conclusion that picking up the trash is not useful ? 
  ( c ) that 's a big assumption . 
  unemployed take part in our society 100 % , 50 % of the people i know are unemployed ffs !, 
  this is not a capitalism problem ( or any other - ism ) , it is a problem of population growth control ( which we do not currently have ), 
  no , i am saying that the problem is population growth control . 
  re-read my post , my english is not that bad . 
  the end . . always so near . 
  just like end of days of fundamentalist christians, 
  morning prayer at school . 
  all religions get 5 minutes consecutive :-), 
  ( atheists are allowed to do whatever they want ), 
  abolished it for the religious , they were not getting some anyway . 
  woosh, 
  unreal tournament 2004 ons freaks unite :-), 
  ( there are vehikalz i hope ), 
  simple stuff : your first global ( th-hehe ) integer is ` i ' , if you need another global ( used in about 10,000 places in the code ) you have ` ii ' . 
  what 's so complicated about it ? 
  darth vader is your mother ? 
  short answer : yes, 
  long answer : yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssss, 
  the means of production ( factories , assets in general ) will be sold to off-shore companies . 
  how are you going to stop this ? 
  is france going to break world trade deals and become a rogue economy like north korea ? 
  the face he makes :-), 
  rick roll lyrics, 
  good hearted but unimplementable proposal . 
  capital will flow overseas, 
  agreed : good hearted or not , my point is that capital will flow overseas , and i think my point stands, 
  of course , how silly of me : a population of a trillion is possible if we just change away from capitalism . 
  of course there is no argument against conservation of energy . 
  a planet can support so many life forms . 
  there is a physical limit . 
  technology can raise the limit , but there will be a finite limit . 
  thus you need to limit the amount of life forms on the planet , ergo ( if you permit ) population growth control - at some point your growth must be made 0 . 
  where is the straw-man in my logic ? 
  true , i have none . 
  i should have included in my list that thousands of symbols create a steep learning curve, 
  irrelevant ? 
  i am talking about practicality ( read my original post ), 
  i am not one ( as i have already stated ) . 
  if you are here to talk about something else , you are out of topic . 
  i find the magnitude of characters of the chinese language very impractical . 
  thousands of characters make a language impractical . 
  other properties of the practicality of the language become irrelevant to such a stumbling problem . 
  few characters make a language potentially practical , if it is also easy to learn ( simple language rules , few exceptions , ability to compose complex words by simple concatenation etc ), 
  what a nice idea : socialism will make scientists into better scientists ( who according to your post will give us cold fusion , cheap energy storage for alternative energy sources etc. ), 
  you do not understand how science works . 
  ideologies have no effect on the capabilities of the human mind . 
  socialism will not make our scientists smarter, 
  thank you 4chan :-),
