  this is not the definition of a girl game imo . 
  plus , you can talk with 10 million people from the other side of the world :-), 
  if true , it seems more like a scam than a sex scandal . 
  pretty young to be a computer games programmer eh ? 
  that 's quite cheap , start more wars . 
  being anti-gay is something of a paradox :, 
  if you are gay you can not be anti-gay by definition . 
  if you are straight you should want everyone else to be gay in order to have more chances with the ladies . 
  correct me if i am wrong, 
  edit : why downvote and not explain the fault in the above ? 
  this is what you should do next time :, 
  apologize and offer a new drink, 
  remove left shoe, 
  remove left sock, 
  filter new drink through sock, 
  leave sock to dry , wear left shoe, 
  deliver drink to customer with a big smile, 
  i highly recommend jogging to work instead of bus/walking , as the supply of asshole customers is unlimited, 
  nuclear launch detected, 
  there are no bathrooms in kazakhstan, 
  a couple of points , if i may :, 
  the links themselves call the findings `` deeply controversial '' , and the study matter is on financial rewards within the same company . 
  any employee knows that the fastest way to increase income is to change jobs . 
  there is a mentality in companies that a 500 $ increase on your 500 $ salary is a 100 % increase , and thus undo able . 
  the company `` next door '' , doing something similar , may start at $ 1200 . 
  one last thing : the production output of any company depends on management 's decisions ( what to make , when , how much to sell it for , who should we employ to manufacture it , how much should we pay him , how hard does he have to work , etc ) . 
  management 's `` output '' is driven directly by profit . 
  sry for long post , but capzna did ask an insightful question , and so far i have not read a good answer to this practical `` problem '' . 
  the `` capitalists '' you mention , are the middle men between production and demand . 
  can we work without middle men ? 
  can i directly purchase 100 barrels of oil and have them delivered to my door from iraq ? 
  so you need your middle man , and he will profit . 
  i am confused about the `` is priced on the market '' . 
  what do you mean ? 
  ( non native english speaker ), 
  hahaha nice . 
  and out of all the high price gadgets , pick the most `` monopoly '' one . 
  what 's the point in this subreddit ( or any other ) if everything is in the faq ? 
  is it infallible also ? 
  you can answer the question from the faq , and it would be really nice if you could also tell us your opinion on it ( if you have one ), 
  still , you would n't be anti-gay . 
  plutonium is not a naturally occurring element on earth , but i am not anti-plutonium . 
  i thought anti- means against ( from the greek \u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03b9 ) . 
  leaving aside the fact the evolutionary science explains the apparent `` animal altruism '' with the `` selfish '' survival of the building blocks of life ( the genes lives even if the animal must die to ensure protection ) . 
  2,3 are relevant , because this is where the `` profit '' exists . 
  management profits from maximizing production/efficiency . 
  this produces conflicts between management and production , but it is balanced by the profit . 
  to put it simple : why should a person want to be called an asshole by 1000 people daily ? 
  without profit why make the `` difficult '' decision ? 
  if the science is correct , why ca n't we see a functioning anarchist society ? 
  the closest i have seen to anarchism is when i traveled in africa in regions where `` capitalism '' or `` state '' do not exist . 
  the only thing i found was the law of the strongest . 
  you can tell if people reading capnza 's question ( many ppl lurk but do n't post ) are anarchists or not ? 
  i am impressed . 
  can i have next week 's lottery numbers pls :-), 
  joking aside , i feel you are trolling . 
  you put more effort not answering a question ( 2 posts , 3 lines each ) , than just giving a simple answer . 
  if you have money , you will eventually need banks . 
  if you do not have money , welcome back to the bronze age of trading ( even if the concept of ownership changes , there will be trading ), 
  what do you mean by `` the inertia that exists in complex systems '' ? 
  inertia exists in all systems , what exactly does this prove ? 
  `` self management '' is impossible for anything complicated : imagine 10,000 people trying to design and manufacture the next intel chip without any form of structured management . 
  if you can , i would like to know how ( design , simulation , decisions on cpu power/energy to manufacture , ore extraction , manufacture line design , production , testing , packaging , shipment , etc , etc ) . 
  for every incompetent manager , there is a competent one . 
  this what makes or breaks products . 
  ok what is this `` something else '' ? 
  money has more roles than the speed up of goods/services exchange . 
  try to be specific pls : give a simple example of the interactions needed for 100 barrels of processed fuel to arrive at my door step to keep me warm in the winter without : money , middle-men . 
  is this the way you usually explain things : stfu you 're out of your element ? 
  my question is very specific and real : my country does not produce oil , and i sure need it for winter . 
  i understand the current delivery system , and i can see you know/understand a better one . 
  as an engineer , i am very interested in hearing your opinion/info on how something as simple as that could be done . 
  in engineering ( i am one btw ) what needs to be done is not clear , neither everyone agrees . 
  decisions are important , and who makes them makes the difference . 
  as you progress up the ladder and make it into a management position , you start aquiring new skills which are usefull in decision making , even though your engineering skills start to diminish . 
  the new skills are very important , they will either make or break the product . 
  can you help me understand how can `` a team work out itself whether x or y should be done '' without upgrading one of its members to this specific role ? 
  our life depends on technology which is a direct product of engineering . 
  the moneys, 
  not really , if you search around , there are shops giving it for 10 $, 
  going to the `` wrong '' ( e.g. 
  bad music , no flirting ) pub has no real consequences . 
   how does the team work out how to upgrade someone to a managerial ... 
  it does not , upper management selects you , not your peers . 
  you may ask `` where does the upper management come from in the first place ? '', 
  and the answer is this : the people that initially made the company or people that bought parts of it later . 
  i know my english is poor : when i say upgrading , i do not mean that the upgrading is done by the team , i mean that the `` upgrading '' of someone to a leader position has to happen . 
   the point is , at some point , there was a group without a leader that made a managerial decision, 
  no , this not how companies operate : if you and me make a company and i have at least 51 % i get to choose everything . 
  even if there is a selection to be made , the `` votes '' carry the weight of the company shares one holds , example :, 
  person a 30 % , person b 10 % person c 11 % , 1,000,000 ppl own the rest 49 % of the company . 
  a+b+c hold 51 % of the company , and select/hire the chief executive officer . 
  important : they do n't make any decision related to the product or service , they just hire their top employee . 
  the ceo can select all the pyramid below him ( top management , which in turn selects middle , which selects production , etc ) . 
  can you name one company which does not operate like that and is in the fortune 500 or is making high tech/advanced stuff ? 
  tx for the link . 
  self managed developers , are you crazy ? 
  this is the stuff of nightmares ( no joke ) . 
  free software may not cost money , but there are administrators on these projects who decide what is to be done and also veto the code . 
  it is when these people leave/loose interest , that you start having code segments of pure genius together with crap spaghetti-code .
