  nobody knows . 
  it 's one of the greatest damn mysteries of physics : a magic number that comes to us with no understanding by man . 
  you might say the `` hand of god '' wrote that number , and `` we do n't know how he pushed his pencil . '', 
  we know what kind of a dance to do experimentally to measure this number very accurately , but we do n't know what kind of dance to do on the computer to make this number come out , without putting it in secretly ! '', 
  i can not argue against wishfull thinking in the same way i can not deny the posibility of you winning the lottery this week . 
  apart from insulting me , i do not see any supporting evidence from your side that a system wide disaster will turn out to be good ( magic maybe ? ), 
  i am still waiting for an explanation of the death tax . . something you said earlier related to limited liability . 
  my evidence is the bank runs and recessions of the past ( re-check my posts in this thread ) . 
  why crash against the wall with certainty ? 
  removing limited liability will prevent investments -- you are risking everything you have : a ltd company with a capital of 100,000 usd may be asked to cover potential damages of 1,000,000 usd , which will bankrupt the investors . 
  the death tax seems difficult to apply : you just sell your property to your children . 
  this is used currently in my country to avoid the inheritance tax ( selling has a lower tax ), 
  insurance companies have limited liability . 
  if an insurance company goes bust , the investors only loose the money they have in the company , their personal fortunes stay intact . 
  where did you get this piece of misinformation ? 
  commodity market is like any contracted agreement : you are liable for what is agreed in the contract . 
  this must be the longest thread on reddit . 
  from the wiki article : unlimited liability is used when, 
  1 . there is a low risk of insolvency . 
  2 . secrecy concerning financial affairs is desired, 
  from a business standpoint , ( 1 ) is usually not the case . 
  a new business is more likely to fail than to succeed . 
  ( 2 ) is desired , but not to a degree to accept unlimited liability . 
  the wiki article shows that most notable unlimited liability companies of the past , are now ltd companies . 
  last point : both your proposed solutions ( death tax and unlimited liability ) can not be applied , because companies and capital will flow to countries that do not have such restrictions ( as it now happens with off-shore companies ), 
  his answer is correct , even if poorly phrased . 
  am i allowed to lend you money and demand as collateral a kilogram of your flesh ? 
  the example is extreme and derives from a theatrical play , but it describes a pure `` free market '' . 
  the contract should be allowed if both parties agree to it , right ? 
  on all nations ( i hope at least ) , the government would step in and void such contract ( intervene ) . 
  there is a number of interventions governments do that limit free markets , thus `` it is all relative '' in a way, 
  cake or death ? 
  thank you for flying church of england, 
  what a surprise alice :-), 
  this is bs . 
  you are not required by any law to be connected to the grid . 
  where is your source for that ? 
  india and pakistan also have paid transgendered people -- who are scorned in those cultures -- to loudly knock on doors of tax delinquents as neighbors look on . 
  india and pakistan also have paid transgendered people -- who are scorned in those cultures -- to loudly knock on doors of tax delinquents as neighbors look on . 
  india and pakistan also have paid transgendered people -- who are scorned in those cultures -- to loudly knock on doors of tax delinquents as neighbors look on . 
  india and pakistan also have paid transgendered people -- who are scorned in those cultures -- to loudly knock on doors of tax delinquents as neighbors look on . 
  words are not offensive ; people are . 
  if they called him a fag , you would be right to intervene , but in the case you described you should have let people call their friends whatever they like . 
  ahahahahahahaha , a system similar to pre-stalin soviet union , aahahahahahahahahah . 
  you are the best troll of this thread , period . 
  you got me reading your comments waiting for a comeback , and then this . 
  pure gold man , congrats, 
  he is not an idiot , he is a comedian :-) his pre-stalin comment had me on the floor laughing . 
  doctor : we have 2 pills : one has a 0 % success rate , the other a 20 % success rate . 
  patient : i think i will take my chances with pill 2, 
  doctor : why not pill 1 ? 
  it could work if everyone took it, 
  in case you are not trolling us , and you are indeed a communist , please make a trip to north korea , and post here with comments . 
  true scotchman fallacy : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman, 
  no true communism . 
  ok how about china ? 
  no true communism either . 
  nope . 
  eastern europe ? 
  nope . 
  nope . 
  south eastern asia ? 
  nope . 
  ok , how about those african countries ? 
  no , no true communism there as well - i am sorry we will have to try again . 
  another logical fallacy : we can not get true communism because there is no true capitalism ( the antagonist ) , and we must get true communism if it is to work . 
  saying that the problems of the application of communism are due to lack of `` purity '' can be said for every system : capitalism has problem bro ? 
  not pure enough . 
  how about feudalism ? 
  same problem - not pure enough . 
  one last point : even if you accept that the application of communism was not up to spec , you have a proposed system with a 100 % failure of applicability . 
  what more do you need to get persuaded that it is inapplicable to humans ? 
  i hate to be that guy but : ... this is a 1st world problem . 
  getting a slap from brick-brained parent and then typing it out on the internet using a high-tech product with a value to feed an african family . 
  it is true : this is a hard world , but you are having it easier than most . 
  stop crying and learn to cope with this kind of shit, 
  people in greece mainly protest because this sort of thing used to work for them : need more money ? 
  - go to strike and protest . 
  the government would take another loan ( using magic economics to do that ) and pay the people . 
  our finance ministers were called ` wizards ' in the eu . 
  we need time for people to understand that the government does not posses a magic money drawer where you can take money from , provided you protest enough, 
  yeah we did that during ww2 . 
  a coffee cost a few million drachmas . 
  where is winterfell ? 
  our government had a magic money drawer with the drachma ( printing spree lol ), 
  with the euro we can not print and now we can not borrow , thus no magic money . 
  the banks have the citizens ' money . 
  the banks demand nothing , `` they '' have no will or conscience , `` they '' are not sentient beings . 
  join the queue of idiots who think that `` sticking it '' to the banks will not evaporate their life savings . 
  the prankster god is killing himself laughing . 
  rip bill hicks, 
  hope you are not using intel . 
  option 3, 
  your examples ( of anarchism , not communism ) are short lived , small and local movements . 
  they got quickly replaced by communism or fascism . 
  you are either too young or too stupid ( sorry for the ad-hominen ) : there will always be exploitative/inative forces at play . 
  this is the human nature , and this is the very reason why anarchism and communism can not succeed - they rely on `` holy '' human beings . 
  capitalism does not pleed for special citizens , on the contrary it operates assuming nothing more than the following :, 
  people look after their own interests, 
  people gather resources ( weath etc ) that makes their lives easier,
