  ask yourself this : who would invest in power production for export , if the transmission problem is not solved . 
  every step greece has taken so far has avoided a bank run . 
  we went from a deficit of 20 billion euro ( excluding debt obligations ) to 5 billion euro ( current year ) . 
  why would we want to deny ourselves lending help while we still run a deficit ? 
  why does everyone quote argentina ? 
  is it supposed to be a success story with the 4th worst poverty index ? 
  if greece had the trade surplus ( google it ) of iceland , then we could go bankrupt without destroying our economy from the lack of imported goods ( unfortunately we import almost everything and we export very little ), 
  use google : check the population of iceland ( almost as a vacation island in greece ) . 
  then check the trade surplus of iceland and greece . 
  then check the deficit of each country and the bank sector loans . 
  if the above facts do not cover your needs , ask and you shall receive, 
  the greek workforce is divided into 2 `` speeds '' : 1,000,000 people employed by the state , 4,000,000 people in the private sector , and 5,000,000 not working ( pentions/kids/unemployed ), 
  the state employees can not be fired ( our constitution does not allow this ) and thus have no incentive to work . 
  there are also too many for our country size . 
  the 4,000,000 of the private sector have to work to support the 6,000,000 while fighting against the beurocracy . 
  the statements : greeks are lazy , and greeks work hard are both true , and very confusing to an outsider, 
  for gross incompetence they will be judged by a comitee and might get transferred to a lesser position in their organization . 
  allow me to share two anecdotes :, 
  primary school teacher on a small village on an island got caught leaving the kids unattended while she went for ` coffee ' with her boyfriend . 
  she would play a video for them in the vcr and leave , or make them play the following game : wash the teacher 's car . 
  result : transfer, 
  high school teacher caught on camera with one of his students in a bar flirting . 
  this also made it to national tv on a popular trash show . 
  result : transfer, 
  for crimes ( i hope ) they can be fired . 
  i have no hard data . 
  state employees could ( but not any more ) retire early with a reduced pension , and it made financial sense to do so ( the reduction was not big enough to discourage such practice ), 
  the reported average is about the same , but :, 
  in the private sector overtime is rarely paid . 
  when you get a job at the private sector , there is an understanding that you will be working long hours without reporting overtime . 
  in the state sector , employees come late and leave early , but report 8hrs/day . 
  they punch each others work cards , ( there is noone to check ) . 
  it is a recurring theme on greek tv , seeing this practice through a hidden camera . 
  in my opinion , hours per day mean nothing . 
  the interesting metric is productivity : do you get your job done on time ? 
  if you look at a typical queue in a private company and in a state building , you will understand what i mean . 
  you need two parliament terms and a vote of 181/300 . 
  the first term votes that the next term ( after general elections ) has the right to change the constitution . 
  thank you brother for showing us the light / s, 
  the bailout of greece by eu is not for greece but for eu , specifically the survival of euro and the economic unification . 
  greece benefits from that though . 
  the terms are set by the ones lending the money , and if greece had a better alternative , we would use it . 
  reddit does not work like that :-( have an upvote, 
  this is a good question for psychologists , as it asks why people cling on a distorted reality that fits their hopes . 
  back on topic :, 
  one reason for this behaviour is that people think that pestering the government will get them what they want : no salary cuts . 
  this type of behaviour used to work during the last 30 years . 
  people would block the streets until government curved in . 
  government would just get a new loan and sink the country deeper in debt until we reached the crisis of 2009 . 
  this will bankrupt the banks , and citizens will loose all their savings . 
  companies will have no money in their current accounts to pay personnel or purchase raw materials or services ... etc. 
  you get the picture . 
  greek banks are part of the creditors, 
  what is the ppp on the y axis ? 
  imf was right about the economic collapse of argentina : 10 years later and argentina has 30 % living below poverty line . 
  when i hear the words ` argentina ' and ` recovery ' in the same sentence i laugh :-), 
  where did you get this bs from ? 
  ( source pls ), 
  greece does not know who holds the bonds , for this simple reason : greek bonds change hands as we speak , being traded on the world market . 
  greece has stopped issuing new bonds , but the existing ones are still on sale between investors . 
  greek banks are already selling stocks in order to get capital and cover the coming loss from the greek haircut . 
  if you not do it ( what god knew you were supposed to do in the future ) , then god 's prior knowledge of the future is false . 
  you ca n't have both sorry :-), 
  it is you my friend that needs extra thinking : when the future is known in advance , the ` actors ' that participate in said future will have to make every ` action ' dictated by this ` prophecy ' ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  any deviation would nullify the ` prophecy ' . 
  image that you are an outside observer and you are given the task of deciding on my ` free will ' . 
  let 's form this as a statement : kafros has free will . 
  this statement can be true or false . 
  you have to experiment with the given data and come to a conclusion about the validity of the statement . 
  you observe that every decision i make , is according to a script that you hold in your hands . 
  you then see that you get 100 % success rate when predicting what i will do using the script . 
  you come to this conclusion ( after experimenting ) : kafros will never decide ouside of this script . 
  how can kafros have free will if the available choice is always one : the one in the script, 
  i do n't presume anything about brazil . 
  back on topic : your argument that argentina is in better shape than brazil does not mean that argentina is doing well ( wiki on poverty shows brazil at 24 % though , better than argentina ) . 
  i will stand again with the most important metric : 30 % of population below poverty line . 
  you can not use the word recover when 1 in 3 citizens are so poor . 
  how do they know who is behind the account designated to receive the coupon ? 
  fun thought :, 
  greece has a 20bn yearly deficit of which 15 is for loans . 
  assuming that greek banks hold about 20 % of loans , that is 3bn per year that greece has to give to banks out of money it does not have . 
  they day we give the finger , we have to find 5bn for running expenses , +3 bn for the greek bank loans, 
  edit :, 
  i stand corrected : greece can make a law and only pay out the bonds held by greek banks ( of cource there is no money to pay them with , but your point stands ), 
  what was the poverty before the default ? 
  of course getting from 60 % fucked up to 30 % fucked up , is an improvement but you are still fucked . 
  greece stands at 20 % today . 
  the governement has compressed deficit from 20bn to 5 bn . 
  why on earth , should we default and go the argentina way ( which according to you is an example to be followed ) , and go to 60 % poverty overnight , hoping to fall back to 30 % , 10 years later ? 
  correction posted, 
  currency ( printed money ) has value if it is backed by products deemed as usefull by people . 
  the us prints dollars and zimbabwe prints dollars , guess which of the two is hyper inflated . 
  a government should print money since the population and production are on the rise , but should never print more that the country 's production increase . 
  printed money is backed by the gdp of a country . 
  usd , euro and yen ( as an example ) have high value , because you need them in order to purchase high value goods . 
  if a country does not produce anything usefull to the rest of the world , there is no demand for its currency, 
  that 's all nice and good if the outcome of ` cashing out ' the note is unknown . 
  if you do not wash my house when requested ( or the service is under par ) , i get the word around , and your currency looses all value . 
  why would anyone want to have currency to trade for your non existent and/or bad services ? 
  go to your room !,
