  we can go on playing `` definitions '' word games , or you can accept that you made a mistake about the socialist `` state '' of some eu countries . 
  i live in an eu country ( greece ) , and we had to change many laws in order to get the euro currency on our hands . 
  examples : you can now start your telco business , produce electrical energy , etc. 
  every time our government tries to be a smart ass and circumvent the `` free market '' ( example : private universities ' qualifications are not recognized yet by the greek government , forcing citizens to go to state universities if they want to work as civil servants ) , we get fined and we do n't get money from eu ( rich countries finance the poor ones . 
  we are on the poor list ) . 
  of course somalia is devoid of government interference -- government is busy fighting a civil war lol !, 
  please name one `` maximized economic freedom '' which you would expect within a free market, 
  name one eu country that has a socialist policy . 
  please be specific with an example : country x passes law z with which service ( or product ) y can only be provided by the state ( using civil servants ) . 
  you confuse instances where a government wants to play `` the businessman '' ( which is allowed on a free market ) , with socialism where the government can prevent the public from competing in the same business . 
  current eu policies are against government playing the businessman . 
  you see , eu not only wants ( and does ) to remove laws that may prevent individuals from doing business , it also wants that the state stops wasting tax payers money while playing `` businessman '' . 
  greece had to :, 
  sell olympic airways to the private sector ( was loosing millions/year ), 
  make the majority of the national telco company available in the stock market, 
  in order to resume financial aid from eu . 
  we believe that trains will soon follow ( big financial hole ) , and then energy, 
  i am not a native speaker of the english language ( duh ! ), 
  but i think my question was clear and you did not answer it :, 
  did you work in a socialist environment where you worked/produced more than your peers , while knowing that your efforts do not play any role in your salary/position/benefits ? 
  if yes , why ? 
  i checked the link ( wiki ) and it has two references of people who did her experiment and `` received '' ( no skill jobs ) . 
  my remark is missing a `` may '' before the receive . 
  in capitalism , if you work hard you ** may ** receive . 
  ( skill plays a very important part ), 
  an experiment done by an activist-journalist-social critic ( according to her bio ) which gave the opposite result when redone by others , would hardly qualify as facts . 
   she asked , `` so does that mean it is a closed door ? '', 
  i like your reasoning . 
  instead of replying to the question , you get it out of the discussion as stupid . 
  my point is not that working harder will `` necessarily '' yield more income in capitalism ( it * may * yield more . 
  it is possible to yield more . 
  it sets a non random bias in yielding more ) . 
  my point is that working harder * can not * yield more income in a socialist society ( by definition ) . 
  please read the last sentence again before you reply . 
  investors sued take-two for the damages done to the company because of the mod . 
  take-two settles the case paying out of insurance money for it . 
  does anyone know , how many people were on that class action list ? 
  even if they are 20,000 , that 's 1,000 a piece . 
  niiiceeee, 
  out of all my post , you commented on the part which i specifically say is not my point :-), 
  are you high man ? 
  i even told you to read the last sentence twice so that you comment on topic :-), 
  i do have a little theory that as you viewed my post , somehow your brain read `` mr ocin , you are obfuscating the point of this discussion . 
  best regards kafros '' . 
  i do not have any other explanation why your reply starts with `` no , its you whose obfuscating '' . 
  stay classy ocin ( and on topic ) :-) good day to you too, 
  the article presents a valid reason . 
  the main reason for the dislike in my opinion is different :, 
  theists are people and as such do not want to feel stupid . 
  atheists make them look this way ( unintentionally ) when they present to them a reality in which they have spent time/money/etc for nothing . 
  as i wrote before , a 100 % free market is impossible . 
  you can not sell for example products that destroy the environment or poison the consumers . 
  i do expect the government to take away some market freedom through environmental protections . 
  i also expect anti-monopoly laws , because a country that has a monopoly can not have a `` free market '' . 
  protectionism puts artificial barriers between one country 's market and the world . 
  if it takes any freedoms away , these will be the other countries ' ones . 
   however , 48 percent of the european union 's budget has been dedicated to agricultural subsidies , price controls , and the buying and selling of excess produce, 
  source ? 
  greece lacked a free market and we only got one when forced by the eu ( until then we were part of the eu but with less privileges than other members and we did not have euro as currency ), 
  i just read his post history . 
  thanks for the info . 
  for ut2k4 try :, 
  chaos ( madness lol ), 
  freeze tag, 
  you can own a piece of land , grow whatever you want on it ( some countries exclude `` drug '' plants ) and sell it for any price you want ( consumers may not buy it if you set it too high of course , but you are free to set the price ) . 
  is n't that as free as it can possibly get ? 
  common agricultural policy provides farmers with a safety net if they do not want to compete of the free market -- frow what eu tells you and you get a `` grant '' . 
  it is not compulsory though . 
  group with a vietnam vet , a biker and a hot brunette . 
  note to self : paint myself black, 
  so have you taken after you mother or your fath . . errr your other mother ? 
  how did your mothers choose who is going to have a kid ? 
  ( i am serious on this one ), 
  wow there , why so critical ? 
   if angels were able to choose sides , would n't it have been more fun for god to have them play this game , rather than pick a weaker being to test ? 
  actually he did , by satan turned pro , and started pwning god . 
  so god created a new server , populated it with noobs and started pwning hard !, 
  was an artificial pedobear involved in your insemination as a child ? 
  i am a successful surfer of waves of artificially inseminated children . 
  ama, 
  iama is turning to iamthe :-), 
  stay downvotee reddit, 
   many of these parties are explicitly named socialist parties, 
  what king of an argument is that ? 
  our socialist party ( greece - pasok ) is anything but socialist lol . 
  political parties retain their names even though they may change completely their ideologies with the passage of time . 
  people confuse services ( army , police , firefighting , health-care ) with production ( cars , electronics , airplanes , etc ) . 
  by your definition , any state that has a non-private army ( i.e. 
  does not have a `` free-market '' comprised of more than one army ) is socialist . 
  was your sister conceived using traditional or artificial means ( like you ) ? 
  well said . 
  welfare <  socialism . 
  socialism implies the existence of welfare . 
  having welfare is not enough to be qualified as socialist . 
  artificial pedo bears, 
  it is very common in science to get a lot of practical solutions to known problems , while scientists try to solve a very difficult ( unrelated ) problem . 
  that 's why we pay them to do their crazy stuff :-), 
  at the end of the day they deliver , and us ( engineers ) get one more tool in our arsenal . 
  i do agree , that string theory is a tough call . 
  in order to qualify as science you should have experimental results .
