  have you demanded a receipt for every service or product you have received ? 
  i yes , we should meet and i will shake your hand . 
  i frequently ask people for tree fiddy, 
  edit : ii teach paleontology, 
  no formatting errors ? 
  redneck chick, 
  ah the sarah jessika parker fetish, 
  where can i find it ? 
  thanks, 
  beeeeeeeee, 
  he stopped going because he met my father there who kicked his ass light-sabre style, 
  i was expecting robo-dad, 
  i do not understand , pls expand ... 
  straight + straight = not straight ( come-on you set theory geeks , flame away ), 
  she is a natural blonde !, 
  h filosofia den periexei thn episthmh , dioti an ayto isxye , 8a eprepe na periexei kai to peirama ( pou den ... ) . 
  tl ; dr op is right, 
  oi apanthseis ths episthmhs einai apla poly kalyteres ( evolution , gravity , quantum mechanics , neuro-science , etc ) kai profanws swstoteres dioti h episthmh xrhsimopoiei to ` filtro ' tou peiramatos gia na afairesei oti den symfwnei me thn parathrhsh . 
  if it is a ltd company the liability extends to the funds of the company . 
  their web page does not say what kind of company they are . 
  what is the difference ? 
  ( for iceland specifically ) . 
  does it affect liability ? 
  ... or death . 
  we just run out of cake . 
  no conspiracy , just plain business sense . 
  ok i will , where does she live ? 
  it is not a motive , just a smart business decision from them . 
  on the other hand one of the best gaming companies could be run by idiots , right ? 
  i want to upvote but you are at 666 points :-(, 
  gamers do n't have unlimited time , and d3 is one of these games that can absorb all of your gaming time . 
  so my premise is this :, 
  a properly done pvp system for d3 is not outside the abilities of the development teams of blizzard, 
  a properly done pvp can be a huge time sink just as the pve was ( or is for people not maxed out ), 
  the conclusion is my post . 
  imagine the social features and pvp features of a modern mmo for d3 . 
  doable ? 
  i would say yes for blizzard . 
  now : why would a wow player not shift to this new free game ? 
  you make the assumption that gamers will split time between those two games , while the philosophy of both games is to ` suck ' all your time, 
  if done right yes , because people do not have unlimited gaming time and as a bonus d3 has no monthly fee . 
  imagine a pvp on par with the appeal of dota when it was released . 
  do you really think that one of the best gaming companies does not have the talent to make something like that ? 
  i recommend ww instead of leap for moving out of danger, 
  agree on all , except the manufactured deficit . 
  the deficit is real : state spends more than it earns , has never had a surplus and we have been borrowing since forever . 
  if you want to criticize panandreou at least do it for his faults : he lost the battle to his party 's trade unions , he failed to bring the deficit under control and failed to come to an agreement with the opposition for a common line ( what a good politician should do ) . 
  getting a loan from imf was the last resort of a bankrupt country , with bankrupt banks and a 1/4 trade deficit . 
  happy new year re papara :-), 
  many games add free content ( gw2 , l4d , etc ) because it increases customer satisfaction which at a later release translates to money through purchases . 
  it is not so far fetched to expect extra content for a game with such a big audience, 
  oohhhhh rich girl :-), 
  or they like ` extra ' stuff in their food inserted by angry staff :-), 
  you are viewing it from the wrong angle . 
  this is a fantastic opportunity for lulz to be had . 
  reinforce their misinformation and let them go crazy with it . 
  bonus points : find something absurd that can be deduced from what they are saying , and make them support it . 
  i do n't agree you are totally wrong . 
  you can fire at them though, 
  oh you got your upvotes , just you wait until srs comes, 
  just because you were n't abducted by super hot alien scarlet johansson lookalikes and had mad sex with them for 1 month , does not give you the right to call them liars, 
  there is some special love i show to crazy conspiracy theorists . 
  the lol potential can be great if treated with respect . 
  achievement unlocked . 
  ask him if he power leveled or he soloed it, 
  downvote for you betafag . 
  oooops , wrong subreddit ? 
  i would be glad if i got the info that my date `` comes with wheels '' in advance . 
  i am so sorry i typed this , which is the way out ? 
  you are not smarter than me muuauauaahhahahahahahaha, 
  segmentation fault . 
  core dumped, 
  what if they are sith ? 
  why the negative karma on this post ? 
  it is super funny, 
  how to make money ( is it worth it by the way , or do i get better items from crafting ? ), 
  magic find : is it a must have like in diablo3 , or i can ignore it, 
  do i get skills from any other source other than the blue arrow challenges ? 
  what gameplay options are available for guilds ? 
  ( i joined one yesterday and i have no idea what to do ), 
  i used to play the old gw , and i would join parties on the spot . 
  i like this new thing of dynamic events , but what about finding/joining parties and dying/retrying repeatedly the same quest with the same people ? 
  pls feel free to add anything you think is useful for noobs like me, 
  thanks, 
  klassiko reddit na kanei downvote opoion milaei logika , eleos re patriwtes :-), 
  an 8ewrhseis oti einai malakakos , tote ekshgeitai h alliwsh ka8ws kai h apwlia tou prototypou cd ( opws kate8ese o idios ) . 
  occam 's razor forces scenario 1 . 
  an 8ewrhsoume oti ta stoixeia tou post einai akrivh :, 
  i followed your advice , but i die when fighting monsters +5 lvls greater than me . 
  is that expected ? 
  can i bind skills on the other function keys ? 
  f2 , f3 , f4 ? 
  where is the craftsman ? 
  :-) i want to make something, 
  terrible joke , upvoted, 
  please expand ; what kind of scary ? 
  people are dying and i can not look , or i am going to be robed , raped and murder ( maybe not in that order ) ? 
  i kill people who are curious, 
  you : `` i was 14 , alone at a deserted beach getting ready for a swim . 
  a huge naked man jumps out the bush he was hiding , takes his swimming suit off , and prepares to grab me .
