  try to avoid getting in a discussion with them . 
  the majority of greeks are anti-american , but this is more against the us government than against individuals , you will be fine . 
  do n't get into political discussion and enjoy the sun and the food . 
  if you are a male , know that greek women are not so easy to take to bed . 
  to na valw kameres se ola ta fanaria ayrio kai na riksw prostima se osous paraviazoun to kokkino , nai men fernei xrhma ( mexri toulaxiston na valei myalo o kosmos ) alla den paragei kapoio proion h yphresia . 
  to prostimo to dexomai san anastaltiko paragonta sthn paravatikothta . 
  to ellhniko kratos to xrhsimopoiei kai san tameio , me apotelesma na se grafoun gia parkarisma ekei pou den exei na parkareis se aktina 5km , kai gia taxythta 60km se zwnh 50 ( 55 me 10 % einai to anwtato typiko orio la8ous ), 
  maybe in a parallel universe healthcare runs on upvotes , but on ours it runs on money . 
  and greece has run out of money, 
  tl ; dr : `` quality journalism '' from rt lol, 
  lol poios kanei report sto / r/greece ? 
  i had a hc char lvl 60 paragon 5 , and i played it exactly as you describe . 
  i lost the char when i upped the difficulty and swapped my shield ( died on a disconnect i when met an elite pack ), 
  to kalytero einai pou stis prohgoumenes apergies plhronontan kanonika oi apergoi kai stravwsan twra me tis perikopes, 
  do n't take things too seriously, 
   `` according to the oecd , the average greek worked 2,120 hours in the crisis year of 2008 . 
  that is 690 hours more than the average german , 467 hours more than the average brit and 356 more than the oecd average . '', 
  working hours means nothing by itself . 
  quality of products is all that matters because this is what consumers will pay for . 
  what these numbers tell us is that germans are the most efficient producers . 
   however , after world war two , visitors to japan talked disparagingly about its inhabitants , in much the same terms that are used to describe the unfortunate greeks today : lazy , corrupt , closed , stubborn and so on, 
  if the japanese build planes , warships , cars ( you name it ) while being `` lazy , corrupt , closed , stubborn '' then they are even more efficient than the germans . 
  again , hours/week means nothing ( unless you are in school . 
  then you get a tap on the back ), 
  link ? 
  thanks man . 
  re file pws ta grafoun etsi ? 
  source-code version control nomizoun oti eimaste ? 
  an 8elei na vrei enas an8rwpos akrh gia to ti isxyei shmera , prepei na kanei apply ola ta revisions panw sto prwtotypo ? 
  ok , alla poios apofasizei an to eksodo einai kanoniko h maimou ? 
  giati oxi me rf-id cards ? 
  can you have medianxl + plugy + multires all running together ? 
  thanks, 
  i have been to the top too many times . 
  i have also spent the night in a tent on november ( dagwsa to kavli mou ), 
  it is not rocket science : an prepei na dialekseis na gamhseis anamesa sthn kanellh kai sthn kostantopoulou ( kai den 8es na riskareis na dialeksoun alloi gia esena ) 8a dialekseis to mikrotero mpazo . 
  yes !, 
  kserw oti einai mpazo-derby to dhllhma , alla h mia toulaxiston einai mikroterh, 
  what about the bonus exp ? 
  is the `` shard of hate '' the best item for barbs ? 
  does it drop from a specific bounty ? 
  h ellhnikh agora to 8elei , alla opws les den exei reystothta gia na to agorasei . 
  problem ? 
  to 8ema einai na vrei kapoios to proion sou xrhsimo . 
  alla twra ti na leme , sou trivw thn pragmatikothta sta moutra kai mou les arloumpes peri sklhrou nomismatos . 
  as kataskeyazame proionta poiothtas h as diname yphresies poiothtas , kai 8a evlepes pou 8a htan to demand . 
  to paradeigma pou linkares leei to anti8eto apo ayto pou evegglizesai . 
   sweden remains firmly in favour of trade liberalization . 
  it has not succumbed to traditional protectionism, 
  and is not about to raise tariffs and other traditional border measures . 
  apagoreyei thn metakinhsh kefalaiwn pros to ekswteriko , rixnei eksontotikes tarifes sta eisagomena , etc. 
  einai tetoio pragma h germania ? 
  ftiakse kalytera pc apo thn dell , kalytero software apo thn google , kalytera aeroplana apo thn airbus , kalytera aytokinhta apo thn bmw and they will come ( oi agorastes ), 
  odhgies apodoxhs ths :, 
  print my comment, 
  usa , canada , australia , korea , japan , china . 
  are these on another planet ? 
  re den kovete ligo tous mpafous edw mesa lew egw ? 
  this is my point : den exoume kati ths prokophs na tous poulhsoume . 
  oi germanoi exoun . 
  h wiki leei akrivws to idio me emena . 
  thanks, 
  ayto pou linkares gia thn germania einai stagona se enan wkaiano apo free trade mesa sthn eu . 
  lol, 
  8iosxwreston . 
  reddit is now complete, 
  re mlk lol !, 
   note that english law is not foolproof here . 
  all of greece 's assets tend to be located in greece . 
  thus , even if investors can get a judgment in the english courts , there is a risk for investors that the greek courts ( the location of the assets ) do n't enforce the judgment of the english courts ( despite being treaty bound to do so ) . 
  to bottom line omws leei oti ama 8eloume na varesoume kanoni , 8a to kanoume akoma kai me uk law akoma kai me aliens law, 
  genuine seferlis material . 
  upvoted :-), 
  respawn in 3,2,1 ... days, 
  greece is benefiting from this . 
  about 6 % of our gdp is from shipping ( see wiki ) . 
  the merchant ships do not belong to greek companies , and thus can not be taxed ( if this is what you are asking ), 
  you can not tax what you can not police . 
  ships are not land structures that you can send a tax collector to . 
  the shipping companies in greece are management companies , not owner companies . 
  big difference, 
  wtf ? 
  pou einai to kako me ola ayta ? 
  gia thn apolysh epiorkwn you went full retard kai upvote apo mena . 
  den pairnoun enan `` mis8oulako '' and call it a day . 
  edit : i will settle for tits too, 
  stay a while and listen, 
  h douleia tous einai na thn ` lene ' stous allous , oxi na lynoun oi idioi to problhma . 
  when you can no longer dress as a bear, 
  the loophole of democracy . 
  pesta re all-knowing naurgul . 
  to ti vlepei o idios proswpika einai by definition anecdotal evidence . 
  hilarity ensues, 
  the leadership is nazi-friendly . 
  as you move down the food chain you get less nazi sympathizers . 
  the majority of voters tag along for 2 reasons :, 
  they believe that gd is going to kick the ass of the politicians that they dislike, 
  they believe that gd is going to remove illegal immigrants from greece, 
  tl ; dr : leadership bad , voters stupid, 
  good find , tetoia 8elw !,
