  in order to do that , greece needs capital in the current form of loans that we get . 
  the austerity measures required to keep the money flowing , has to be implemented , otherwise we loose our only chance of building something . 
  i expect argentina and iceland to be mentioned here , and i have this to say :, 
  iceland exports more than what the import . 
  if we were in the same situation , i would propose the icelandic way . 
  argentina 's poverty index , 10 years after the debt default , is still worse than the worse day before defaulting ( check wiki , and google public data ) . 
  also argentina , has a better trade balance than greece, 
  the value of the new drachma will be similar to the value of zimbabue dollar : 0, 
  greece at the moment has very few products of value , and we import almost everything : electronics , machinery , fuel , medical equipment etc. 
  pasaris ( along with the majority of my fellow greeks ) live in the pipe dream that a default will magically solve our problems . 
  he/she ignores the fact that in order to build production you need capital if your local economy in not making anything at the moment . 
  we wish , iceland exports more than what they import . 
  there was no shortage of products not produced locally . 
  suppose greece defaults , and prints drachmas , what will the value of these drachmas will be ? 
  what will the world want to buy from greece , that will increase our foreign currency reserves and enable us to import everything we need ? 
  ( but do n't build ) : machinery , electronics , fuel etc, 
  $ 1m for a 48 hour use of the virtual servers needed , is an exaggeration i think . 
  do you remember playing monopoly as a 5 yr old ? 
  imagine at the end of the game , taking some money from the gamebox , and going to the kiosk to buy an ice-cream . 
  your money will not be accepted, 
  well played :-), 
  1 sentence : amazon elastic compute cloud, 
  i am talking about virtual servers like amazon :, 
  you only pay what you use . 
  they would only pay for the allocation of x servers for a week max, 
  a virtual server can be configured to run with the same performance as a physical server . 
  because most people think like 5 year olds : your parents are not allowing sports for 3 months because they are bad ( not because you have a broken arm ) . 
  hope i kept it eli5 enough, 
  what is that channel ? 
  how do i join ? 
  thanks, 
  paying no tax because the law says so ( exempt ) , is different than paying no tax because you avoid doing so ( by breaking the law of course ) . 
  it is the point where the ` shrooms kick in, 
  fuck you, 
  no , fuck you, 
  no no , you !, 
  you fuck you, 
  splash, 
  slap, 
  upvotes to all players :-), 
  outside of contact and space odyssey 2001 , very few i guess :-(, 
  why do i think of moon base alpha when i see your nickname ? 
  this is incorrect . 
  `` greek '' euros are in circulation all over europe . 
  what is a school lunch ? 
  i had to bring food from home . 
  ( non uk resident obviously ), 
  you must have been a very clever 5 year old, 
  18 months served : /, 
  greek here : air-planes spray us in order to be obedient ( yes , you guessed right : the white trails created by the jet engines ), 
  there is only one party !, 
  the game to ignite ww3 :-), 
  i think you are technically correct , even if we do n't like the implications of it . 
  food for thought : is the `` dictatorship of the majority '' a democracy ? 
  a source ? 
  in reddit ? 
  a minority unfortunately, 
  correct me if i am wrong , but i think his unique approach to `` reading '' dna ( by breaking the dna up in pieces , sequencing and then using computers for realignment ) is what gave us the first human genome reading . 
  he seems to have succeeded where the human genome project had failed for years . 
  yes , but the shotgun method turned out to be the correct path , no small feat . 
  how will this democratic planning work ? 
  can you describe an example ? 
  who decides which workers belong to the nice working environments and which to the hazardous ? 
  what are your resists ? 
  my ww barb dies as soon as tornadoes with loh stop, 
  950 with war cry or before ? 
  do you use life on hit or life leech ? 
  how much money should i gather in order to get that : / ? 
  i think your resists are too low . 
  i see people who farm act3 do it with 800 res unbuffed . 
  i can play this content solo only with my ww tornado build because of the insane loh feedback i get, 
  how much does your equipment cost ? 
  poor man here : /, 
  why did you need a lance specifically ? 
  one more question , why use iceblink and not a rune in a weapon or something else in order to get the target freeze ? 
  what was so good about this armor ? 
  good times :-), 
  nice !, 
  in d2 i could progress with the loot i found . 
  in d3 i can not do the same without the use of the ah ( and this virtual commodity micro game bores me to death ), 
  i play a ww tornado barb , will the tornado hits count for freeze , blind etc ? 
  do you mean the current olympic spirit where almost all athletes take performance enhancing drugs , or the ancient olympic spirit where women and non-greeks/slaves were not allowed to take part ? 
  we live in a very hypocritical society my friend ... 
  if there were no rules in the vietnam war , the usa would have nuked them from orbit, 
  how can you loose with nukes ? 
  you need some facts in order to argue :-), 
  this thread 's topic is about rules of engagement . 
  fearing war with russia is not relevant . 
  contamination is minimal with neutron bombs and small tactical nukes < 2kt, 
  last paragraph is also out of topic ( i agree with its content but it is still irrelevant to a rules of engagement thread ), 
  the vietcong could no way protect themselves from nukes . 
  us suffered casualties while fighting in the jungle trying to dig them out of their holes . 
  imagine total air superiority ( which they had ) + nukes . 
  there is no way to fight against this . 
  artillery fires tactical nukes 30km away from your position and planes drop shit on your head . 
  i did 18 months of military service , during which we were trained to take the necessary precautions against fire and chemical weapons ( wearing a suit , putting a mask , digging a hole and covering ourselves ) . 
  there was no scenarios of surviving nukes, 
  poorly worded by kripp , but his point is valid . 
  you need to know when wotb is about to go out in order to move out of the mob cloud you are wwding, 
  my argument is indeed that superior firepower = victory ( if there are no rules of engagement as per thread 's topic ) as seen in the wars against the native americans and native australians ( total annihilation - genocide ) .
