  auto to psifisma den exei kammia isxh giati opws to psifhse to kratos mporei na to `` kse-psifisei '' ayrio . 
  8a me anhsyxouse an psifizane neo syntagma kai to evazan mesa , alla tetoia ar8ra den mpaizoun sto syntagma by definition . 
  epi ths ousias tipota ( des kai to reply mou ston op ) . 
  to kratos me enan akyrwtiko nomo diagrafei thn ypoxrewsh an 8elei ( opws diagrafei kai to xreos twn omologwn an 8elei me enan nomo , alla kai me tis analoges synepeies ), 
  re adelfe mhn tsimpas , den yparxei world police na ypoxrewsei to kratos na thrhsei mia symfwnia . 
  leei kai kseleei to kratos me thn eykolia pou grafoume emeis ayta ta posts . 
  chillax :-), 
  i do n't disagree with you but there was something more to d2 items than what you get on d3 that affects gameplay . 
  example : a barb using a paladin skill because of items, 
  battle cry : +10 to attack rating, 
  the explanation part is delicious :-) did you manage to hid under your chair ? 
  me too !, 
  reddit science team , explain pls, 
  freebee room at slashdiablo :-) just enter and pick up shit from the ground . 
  very soon i was contributing too . 
  greek here : none . 
  we do n't want to , and we ca n't either, 
  your a saint, 
  oxi re mlk, 
  his/her mom bangs rachel, 
  ut3 never kicked in for me : /, 
  i was an ons ut2004 addict, 
  to leitourgoune ka8olou twra pou to phrane ? 
  we are le hitler ... 
  ( i am sorry ), 
  elaborate, 
  these are bank robbers with ak-47s , who kidnapped a civilian and resisted arrest ( as said by on site witnesses giving formal testimony ) . 
  big in japan, 
  i ca n't communicate to my wife that she overcharges me for sex, 
  greek here , the answer is zero . 
  to video ayto einai h kalyterh apodeiksh gia thn apousia ksenwn ependysewn sthn ellada . 
  no , nordic countries are not more socialist than greece : you are confusing social benefits ( education , health-care , etc ) with socialism ( production owned by the workers ) . 
  nordic economies are not socialist , they have free trade and strong property rights . 
  greece 's economy ( greek here btw ) , is operating around the state . 
  there are limitations on what kind of business you may do , and there are special ` licenses ' to be obtained by the state . 
  also there are limited ` reserved places ' for these kind of business . 
  you have to kiss major ass in greece in order to do business, 
  what nordic countries do well , is to lower barriers to doing business , then tax business and offer social benefits to their citizens . 
  this is not socialism . 
  i did not mention marxism , i was very accurate on my usage of socialism as it pertains to production : you need state owned production of some sort in order to call a country socialist . 
  health care , education and state bureaucracy are not ` production ' . 
  agriculture , factories , fishing , foresting , etc are . 
  what do you mean by state driven ? 
  what does volvo , saab , nokia , ikea etc ( just to name some big players ) have ` driven ' by the state ? 
  i never stated that they are libertarian . 
  read my post again : i said that they are free economies with property rights for its population . 
  let the banks go bankrupt = let the customers go bankrupt . 
  the banks have our money buddy, 
  the insurance is possible only for a partial bank meltdown . 
  the cyprus state ( with a gdp much smaller than the country 's bank deposits ) can not possibly cover all accounts up to 100k . 
  case in point : in greece as we speak , the 3 cypriot banks with greek branches are to be absorbed by a greek national bank in order to insure deposits ( as per your post ) . 
  surprise-surprise , this means that our state is looking for 12bn euro as we speak in order to close the ` hole ' . 
  now imagine all banks needing money, 
  never underestimate the power of human stupidity . 
  if we could harness this source , we would be traveling around the galaxy with our ftl drives :-), 
  `` as much as it can '', 
  this is what they will be forced to do if troika does not inject the 10bn bailout package . 
  this means that depositors will lose more than 10 % of their savings . 
  as you can understand , a 15.5 bn euro ` hole ' can not be filled up by a state with a gdp close to 20bn, 
  why take more pain than necessary ? 
  troika will inject 10bn if cypriots inject 5.5 bn . 
  they have a chance to offload some of the burden , but at the moment they are kicking it away on a `` i want it all '' game vs the eu . 
  i believe playing chicken with the eu is not a very smart move, 
  it was you after all, 
  vasika h kyvernhsh den kanei tis metaru8mistikes ths pshfofories , kalyptwmenh apo thn syllogikh ` vlakeia ' olwn mas na mhn asxoloumaste me ta ousiwdh . 
  my 2c, 
  exoume perissoteres eksagwges apo eisagwges opws h islandia ? 
  oxi, 
  oxi, 
  to idio pragma leme kai oi dyo , kai to idio leei o tsimas sto ar8ro tou . 
  the author does n't know jack about life . 
  hours per week ( or effort in general ) only count in school . 
  real life is all about results and efficiency . 
  oecd data is based on what we greeks report , so the wording `` objective oecd data '' is humorous at best :-), 
  steal one , police will not look for you, 
  get used to it, 
  easy : who was phone ? 
  say something wise aristophanes, 
  i assume people buy perfectly rolled whites , expecting a future expansion that has a use for them, 
  epic win, 
  the op pic shows a cargo ship . 
  oil tankers have only two cranes which are used to hold the pipes for cargo operation, 
  back to softcore now :-(, 
  ma den einai `` all equal '' . 
  einai teleiws paralogo auto pou leei giati paraviazei thn aplh ari8mitikh . 
  einai ligo out of topic to ti leei o samaras , alla na ksereis oti to elleima mporei na mhdenistei se mia mera an 8eloume ( to xreos omws oxi ) . 
  i am greek too . 
  the law states that all electronic games are banned ( because greek laws are retarded ), 
  the law is not enforced though, 
  to idio to link sou leei oti einai gtp accounting practice ayto ( kryveis ena eksodo katw apo to xali ) . 
  o idios o tsipras krazei ( or8ws ) ton simiti pou ekane kati analogo gia thn eisodo mas sto euro . 
  at the end of the day , you owe the money . 
  opws kai na to ` vaftiseis ' to eksodo . 
  esy ti nomizeis oti ennoouse o samaras ? 
  defence, 
  gia na mhdenisei to elleima prepei na meiw8ei ki allo to 1 +2 . 
  look it up , it is very informative . 
  einai kammia 150aria selides , alla mhn kolwseis , des pou einai oi pinakes apo to index . 
  yparxoun , kai to megalytero tous kostos einai to payroll . 
  giati ta asfalistika tameia ( theoretically ) exoun kanei or8h diaxeirhsh ( lol ) twn eisforwn twn asfalismenwn , etsi wste na einai ayto-eksyphretoumena .
