   my problem is not with crunch theory , but ... 
   i say that the jury is still out , and that the evidence against crunch theory , ... 
  tell me you are not trolling me, 
  kill her !, 
  moon goes around , tide goes in , tide goes out . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
  disregard life , aquire diamonds, 
  troll mctrollington win, 
  cant wait for quake ii, 
  jaifbait, 
  slashdot needs +5 derp now, 
  unreal tournament 99 . 
  this game will not be remade :-(, 
  stop scrolling read above, 
  i want a car analogy, 
  valhalla aka the max payne syndrome :-), 
  non engineers/scientists have trouble understanding that solutions to real problems ( like energy generation ) , need compromises . 
  thank you for taking the time to write an informative answer on reddit , but i think your comments fall on deaf ears . 
  the chernobyl catastrophe was a travesty of safety/engineering . 
  using it as an argument is like using the titanic against shipbuilding ( as a means of transportation ) :, 
  no containment shell : check, 
  flammable moderator : check ( graphite ), 
  if you want to debate against nuclear safety , i would recommend using three mile island and the current one in japan ( in 2-3 months when hysteria dies out and we get proper reports from various sources about deaths/exposures and radiation levels ), 
  i call bs on the greek example ( greek here ) . 
  cite an example from greek news ( i expect actual jail time , no probations ) . 
  `` haderer faced extradition and a suspended six-month jail sentence in absentia '', 
  no actual jail time ( as i expected ), 
  deaths during construction , plus deaths due to pollution by the materials used in the construction ( creating solar panels is not very friendly for the environment ) . 
  energy generation , is bad for the environment ( even innocent things like hydro , use google to lookup dam accidents , or check the damage to local wild life due to the redirection of a river ) . 
  subheight 's point is that since we need energy , we must choose the lesser of all ` evils ', 
  when the nuclear material hits the underground water streams , you will soon have it all in the sea . 
  yes , but at what cost per kwh ? 
  even if you do n't hit a stream , the possibility to contaminate water which ends up at sea is high . 
  otinanai post, 
  not clever because needed it never, 
  thank you thank you , ut2003 intro music !, 
  this is torlan !, 
  great game , too difficult to master ( but rewarding ) . 
  i think 13 weapons with dual firing modes , vehicles , and crazy stunt moves is too much for the greater audience . 
  or does it ? 
  god bless reddit :-), 
  logically , there should not be any christians, 
  thread highlight !, 
  read the above comment . 
  china is a prime example of the above . 
  the have the same politics ( dictatorship ) but changed economy to capitalism , which upped tech, 
  you forgot to answer the most important point of his post : how do you resolve a conflict of interest between persons a and b ( or groups a and b ) . 
  very easy for ` magic ' healers to pass as doctors ( they may even believe they are indeed good doctors , same goes for their patients ), 
  who decides the building standards for the road ? 
  do we all vote or only engineers ? 
  can you build something without someone having a management/supervisory position ? 
  ( engineer here , i can not think how this is possible ) . 
  how many resources do you allocate , and what else takes 2nd place to the road building ? 
  the local thug group will rule the place before you can say vladimir putin, 
  sorry to be pendantic , but `` whatever works '' is not an answer . 
  indeed there are , and everyone has a different opinion . 
  that 's why we have laws and enforcment , so people dont complain if their way is not picked . 
  anal sex and bj only, 
  so who was pilot ? 
  probly not , he is just wrong . 
  ( greek here too ) . 
  the majority greek sentiment , is that it is not `` our '' fault - the universe is conspiring against us . 
  the scandal with siemens is a joke if you look at it closely : we blame them for bribing the government even though every greek knows that no government work is allocated without bribing . 
  also , which company was more able ( size , tech knowhow ) of undertaking the greek c4i project ? 
  the irony ( imo again ) is that they had to bribe for getting 1st place even though they already were no1 . 
  not every greek is retarded as above poster ( clarity : xnibx ), 
  reddit disaproves of our humor, 
  sea is better ( aegean islands etc ), 
  plain wrong . 
  noah got only dino eggs to preserve space , but after 40 days at sea everyone on board got hungry . 
  oh , and rough seas smashing shells too :-), 
  the person you are talking to does not understand that tax officers are not bank employees . 
  you are one of the few people that understand that greek banks are actually ok in this crisis - they did not risk their customer 's money in `` toxic '' bonds . 
  their stupidity is that they bought greek bonds - they should have known better imo, 
  true , but the collected taxes do not match the government expenses . 
  the governments of the last 30 years have been borrowing money to cover each year 's deficit , while expanding the expenses of the government salaries ( by employing more people in exchange for their vote ), 
  greek debt is government debt . 
  the banks have nothing to do with government loans to pay an ever increasing number of pubic employees . 
  also : iceland exports more that what they import . 
  they can say fu to loans without starving . 
  see data below :, 
  greece exports 1226.00 euro, 
  greece imports 3590.00 euro, 
  thank you . 
  this needs to be said every time someone complains in my country about getting money from the imf, 
  campers lol . 
  sniper is imba, 
  you do not consider a very possible scenario : he is intelligent , and appeals to idiots who like to read that kind of stuff in order to make money . 
  con man = / = stupid man, 
  as a software engineer who did more than 100 demos for pre-sales ( on software i wrote/hacked the previous days after management 's request ) , i can say that it is very easy to lie to your audience ( state things that you know for a fact , that are false ) . 
  after doing it a few times , you do n't even blink , and start to show genuine belief for what you are saying . 
  the reason i left that company was that i dislike saying this kind of bs just because we have to sell the product . 
  bs is still bs . 
  religion causes ninjas . 
  everybody knows that, 
  the special dislike is because of the special hostility and violence of islam towards non believers and women ( among other things ), 
  you will not see any special dislike from him for say jaines, 
  scientology as an extra example is bad ( being a fraud ) but is non-violent . 
  brain damage from talking to them is possible , but it is just a by product , and not their main goal :-), 
  sarcasm aside , maybe these reasons are not enough for you , but they are for some .
