  pensions can not be generous when 3.2 million taxpayers pay for 2.2 million pensioners , 700k state employees and 1.5 million unemployed people . 
   the required fiscal adjustment should be smoothed over time , about 1.5 % primary surplus would probably do ( see manasse 2015 ) , and debt payment should be restructured accordingly ;, 
  syriza wants 1 %, 
   structural reforms should concentrate on reducing barriers to entry in product and export markets , reducing bureaucracy , improving the tax administration and removing credit constraints for small and medium enterprises ;, 
  syriza is all about the exact opposite : more taxes on enterprises, 
   the reform of the pension system , while inevitable , should be implemented gradually with a view on not further depressing consumption by raising uncertainty on future incomes . 
  this is a red-line for syriza, 
  tl ; dr : goodnight and good luck, 
  what can you deduce from the 1st graph and the 3rd graph ? 
  you have the biggest spending as % of the gdp and the worst pensions over the age of 65 :, 
  people retired at their 50s consume the funds !, 
  but no , we need the `` evil '' eu to tell us that . 
  i meant 3 % of gdp . 
  context is your friend , use it . 
  it is exhausting working as a state employee . 
  people needz their restz man :-), 
   the current austerity plan offered troika isnt a solution, 
  austerity is a result , not a solution . 
  it is the result of a poor state , a state that spends more that what it gathers from taxing . 
   it is obvious that the debt cant be repaid, 
  the debt does not need to be repaid now . 
  eu has given us the refinancing tools to repay it in the future . 
  if we were n't retarded , we would be exchanging current debt of 2 % interest , with qe money with 0 % interest ( as the rest of eu is doing ), 
   what is the objective and the final goal here ? 
  the objectives are two fold :, 
  sustainability : greece has to show that it can tidy up its budget and live according to its own means . 
  play by the rules . 
  eu in not a nation like the us . 
  it is a set of different nations united by agreements . 
  we either stick to the agreements or we are out . 
  ignorance is a bliss . 
   and i am asking you , what is the solution then ? 
   if that is the case , then why doesnt the greek government do that ? 
  why doesnt the greek government bring this generous offer to the greek people ? 
  because they are locked by their bullshit promises . 
  their voters have swallowed the bullshit and are now waiting for the next bunch of mou money ( 7.2 bn ) without any changes to the status quo . 
   the problem is that the debt on its whole is not serviceable, 
  the debt is not serviceable with the current greek state expenditure . 
  this is why eu is insisting on some cuts and not only on tax increasing . 
  some pro tips about negotiating : when you are trying to make a deal , a deal in which you expect something from the other party , it is completely irrelevant if the other party is `` right '' or `` wrong '' , `` moral '' or `` immoral '' a `` good guy '' or a `` dick '' . 
  what matters is the choice you are being given : is it better to say yes or is it better to walk away ? 
  the choice is very simple : cut wages by 5-10 % or default and de-valuate by more than 50 % . 
  by this logic let 's increase public employees salaries by 100 % in order to have lots of money for consumption . 
  circular logic works because circular logic works eh ? 
  even if this broken logic worked , you are making the assumption that i am not able to consume , so the state has to tax me , pay employees for my taxes , and these employees will spend and consume . 
  choose your poison . 
  debt is never a problem as long as you produce . 
  japan has a debt/gdp ratio close to 200 % and markets are happy to lend them more . 
  in my link above , i have outlined what could make production in greece an option . 
  at the moment only fools would invest in greece with tsipras . 
  the government is holding back on cuts , and math does n't add up . 
   but 50 % currency devaluation ( which wont be that high but whatever ) will happen in a greatly reduced cost of living environment . 
  fuel , machinery , medicines , chemicals , electronics are not produced locally , so their price will double . 
  good luck building an industry with double the price in electronics and machinery . 
  it is tautological due to the dependency of the one to the other . 
  take it to the extreme to facilitate your understanding :, 
  can you have business without pensioners ? 
  yes , pensioners are not the only customers . 
  can you have pensioners without business ? 
  no , without business there is no income into pension funds . 
  increasing corporate tax drives business away . 
  cyprus and bulgaria say hi !, 
   japan has their own currency . 
  japanese debt is mostly owned by japanese investors, 
  so fucking what ? 
  how does this change my point that debt is not a problem as long as you are serious . 
  i would buy japanese bonds without any thoughts , but i would never buy greek bonds ( as we are now ) . 
  you know why i would buy japanese bonds ? 
  because i am 100 % sure that they will pay me back . 
  if they start doing tsipras ' bullshit and start claiming haircuts on debt , guess what my opinion on japanese bonds will be . 
   there also should be limits on the extent to which one democratic government can bind its successors, 
  what is the value of an agreement then ? 
  `` oh sorry we just voted another government , all bets are off , bye ! '', 
   lenders willing to provide credit to a country going through a restructuring would receive priority treatment . 
  such lenders would thus have an incentive to provide fresh resources to countries when they need them the most . 
  so a lender who just got fucked in the ass , will give even more money down the drain , on the off chance that he will get it back . 
  lenders that do that in real markets , get a piece of the assets if they put more money out of their pockets . 
  i do n't see this guy putting on the table the inevitable sell-off of government assets at a premium in order to sweeten the deal . 
  tl ; dr : disconnection from reality . 
  unicorns and butterflies for everyone, 
  double win . 
  link, 
  everything is possible if tsipras tells the truth to his voters . 
  there are two choices on the table :, 
  we tell eu to fuck off , default and get a devalued drachma by 50 % . 
  we cut pensions and state salaries by 5 % and get within the surplus target . 
  tsipras has been very very good concealing ( 1 ) from his voters . 
  they will be in for a big surprise if things go south ... 
  the greek empire rises from the ashes . 
  robo-tsipras leads the way, 
  good !, 
  a weight just got off my chest . 
  tomorrow greece will issue its new bonds with a yield less than german bonds , as it is now debt free . 
  economists from around the world , hail mrs. kostantopoulou on her ground breaking financial idea . 
  the nobel committee is building up steam for her prize . 
  meanwhile in greece , hundreds of syriza 's voters have visited the country side in order to celebrate the news with a feast on hay, 
  win ? 
  no one expects the vlxs inquisition . 
  i will post again ... 
  dust in the wind,
