  because microsoft released a good consumer os , and we got pcs into houses and chip manufacturers mass produced chips , it was possible for celera to `` number crunch '' sequence the dna . 
  this is the technology that is going to keep me and you alive past our genetic limits . 
  is it random chance that the following technologies emerged in capitalist countries ? 
  internet, 
  computer, 
  atomic energy, 
  mobile phones, 
  dna discovery, 
  sequencing of dna, 
  creation of the `` proteome '', 
  airplanes, 
  car technologies, 
  rockets ( zee germans of course ), 
  why do n't i have a socialist `` wonder '' technology in my house ? 
  it is a service like army , police and firefighters . 
  you should get this service as a citizen of a country . 
  i pay my taxes , but i do not complain when the police is investigating/stopping a crime in a non-tax payer 's house . 
  i am against state-only health care . 
  if i work more , i want to be able to have better health care ( private on top of what state gives ) . 
  nice one !, 
  makes for some interesting biology questionnaires too :, 
  how did snakes move before god condemned them to crawling ? 
  fly, 
  hop on the tail, 
  lies . 
  it is full of ninja women, 
  god asks them to destroy the infidels , and instead of doing that , they pray back to god to destroy the infidels ? 
  allah stack overflow , religion dumped . 
  read a science book to continue :-), 
  when doing my military service , we would take turns counting the `` hits on target '' at the targets on the shooting range . 
  it was funny seeing 14/10 hits on target :-), 
  my best advice is : do n't die . 
  before the downvote storm hits my post and crashes reddit with an overflow on negative numbers , i hope you get to read this :, 
  you have a chance of living ( slim as it may be ) , and thinking positively/being happy increases this chance when all of medicine fails . 
  our immunization system works better on high spirits . 
  can you alternate a normal and a mirror image of jesus carrying the cross during the o-oh o-oh o-oh o-oh , ooo-oh for pure awesome ? 
  thanks :-), 
  because it is fun :-), 
  atheist : do you believe that snakes flew before god condemned them to crawling ? 
  i myself belong to the `` tail hopping '' dogma . 
  if god knows everything , why should i tell him ( through prayer ) what i want ? 
  the lol possibilities are endless :-), 
  edit : with apologies to epic games :-), 
  imagine how surprised the serpent was : omfg i can talk !!!, 
  eve : lol noob, 
  serpent : tits !, 
  nicccceeee !, 
  but these passages were cut after the first edition , and we are left with questions like yours, 
  bill hicks has a nice story about jesus taking a splinter out of a brontosaurus paw , and they became friends . 
  do n't know if they talked though . 
  ok how about this one : ( pre original sin as per creation museum ), 
  velociraptor : bishop to a4 . 
  check, 
  adam : clever girl, 
  animals had to take a dump once off the ark. 
  shit contains plant seeds , and animals were holding it out for 40 days . 
  combined fertilization/plantation :-), 
  i ask this a lot as a joke : how did the snake move before god condemned it to crawl ? 
  fly , tail hopping , teleport ? 
  god liked `` final destination '' too much, 
  mighty mouse begins, 
  not true of course , just a joke, 
  so it was a lizard after all , not a snake ? 
  mighty mouse begins, 
  because ms , oracle are evil :-), 
  you are not the only one puzzled by the usage of mysql , when ms gives msde ( free for us to start small ) , oracle does something similar , and postgresql is - not - ** ( edit , now -- sorry typo ) ** available for windows in production quality . 
  i never understood how people wrote any kind of application with mysql as the persistent storage , when transactions were not supported by it . 
  i mean srsly wtf ? 
  so why does n't the book say lizard ? 
  by the way , lizards already crawl even though they have legs , their `` belly '' is in contact with the ground . 
  i meant `` now available '' . 
  i also lost my virginity to your sister . 
  ama, 
  i ca n't kiss without imagining sex, 
  probably cheaper than excavating with the normal bulldozers . 
  remember , this is made by zee germans :-) they are efficient people, 
  how is snake oil formed ? 
  at which time exactly did god put the oil under the ground ? 
  epic pwnage :-), 
  you think that you are bigger than what comes out of their corn hole daily :-), 
  how many libraries of porngress is that ? 
  are you posting from hell or heaven ? 
  why do you waste time arguing with someone who does not read your posts / incapable of thinking ? 
  i know , i know obligatory xkcd `` someone is wrong on the internet '' :-), 
  ge crops benefit both parties : corporations and farmers ( and starving people as a result ) . 
  if you deny corporations their profit , there is no ge crops sold ( why should they produce something that makes no profit ) and farmers go back to their traditional methods ( which as a result of lower yields starves people ), 
  my english is shit , but at least i got that far from his post . 
  where did you got stuck ? 
  build a time machine, 
  go back to before loosing the weight, 
  hide the weight somewhere that only you ( future self ) knows about, 
  double kill, 
  instructions from my `` am i jesus proof kit '' :, 
  rent a boat , try to walk off it to the shore, 
  get water , transmute to wine, 
  go to cemetary, 
  raise a dead person, 
  give dead person wine to drink . 
  if he says it is wine , you are jesus, 
  my rock girlfriend wants to ask a question :,
