  but jesus, 
  th-i-s is ... iiissn iiss n't, 
  well played, 
  well played, 
  stop right there criminal scum !!!!, 
  everybody kills hitler on their first time travel, 
  da bush . 
  it is huge . 
  there is medication for your condition , you know . 
  then you will be normal like the rest of us, 
  she can not step on your non existing beliefs though . 
  ( too technical ? ), 
  the problem is people : we want the maximum benefit while doing the minimum amount of work ( for deeper understanding of ` why ' this is , evolutionary biologists can shed some light ) . 
  what 150 years of socialism has taught us is this : if you limit the amount of wealth people can have , they limit the work they do . 
  your ` solution ' for stopping shipping jobs overseas requires ` good people ' that will act against their interests . 
  this is detached from reality . 
  the most democratic country in the world ( switzerland ) has the biggest banks but : corruption is low , they are not brainwashed , and hold numerous referendums . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  reddit has not replied to the question either , which is not shocking, 
  good point , wrong problem : able people will not put any effort that will benefit the society because it can not ( by socialism 's rules ) benefit them directly . 
  why would any intelligent person waste his personal time if the expected benefit is capped ? 
  you have probably never taken part in the design and production of something : you can not do so without a hierarchy . 
  agreed . 
  but you can not implement direct democracy because people can not be experts on the subjects they will be called to vote on . 
  imagine voting on nuclear power or 0 % taxes and you will get an idea, 
  all members of parliament have higher education and have a full staff of experts ( paid by the state ) to help them in decision making . 
  how can the average person be in a more informed position , or have better decision making capabilities ? 
  who is going to place them under quarantine ? 
  who is going to enforce penalty payments ? 
  because very few people will put the extra work/innovation required , if they are not paid in proportion to their output . 
  socialism requires ` saint ' citizens, 
  human behaviour stems from human nature ( unless you think there is something non-physical driving our brain functions ) , and it seems that capitalism is close to said ` nature ' . 
  human selfishness does not only explain why capitalism works in our society , it also explains why every socialist attempt so far ( communist or other ) has failed : smart and able people , under produce because the return for their work is capped . 
  a smart selfish individual will deduce that since there is no extra gain for his services , it is beneficial for him to work as much as the lowest producing worker in his unit . 
  hey guys , there is a guy from star trek here !, 
  you ca n't because it is impossible . 
  anyone involved in design and construction knows that tough decisions make or break products and services . 
  you need a hierarchy in place for this to work , and the people in these key positions need incentives ( why would you put the extra effort required for nothing ? ), 
  socialism has no bonus to mitigate the risk taken by individuals : people like bill gates , the creators of google , henry ford , etc. 
  took great risks ( financial and career wise ) , in order to start their companies . 
  do you think they would risk everything for nothing ? 
  why would he risk creating a company which might vote to pay less ( or even the same as everyone else ) from what he considers a fair compensation for his efforts ? 
  i am asserting the below :, 
  a politician is on average more educated than the average voter, 
  a politician has time to inform himself about matters to be voted , while the average person has to do that in his spare time , after work ( and probably already too tired ), 
  politicians have resources paid by the state to aid them getting informed on subjects . 
  all the info is already one google search away , but you and me , do not have people working for us , who have the expertise to help us absorb the info needed to pass legislation . 
  thought exercise : imagine that next week you have to vote on nuclear plant use as part of the oncoming democratic elections held each week on your country 's direct democracy . 
  can you have the info to vote ? 
  practical exercise : go to a library and get a copy of the current law : read a 20 page law , and a 400 page law . 
  think about a practical way to compose/vote such a thing directly through people 's vote, 
  too much text that has nothing to do with my point : why would a skilled worker put anything but the minimum effort since his returns are capped ? 
  example : you can produce 3 tv sets per hour working at your best while i can produce 1 per hour working at my best . 
  why should n't i produce 3 per hour ( no-one will complain ) , and have it easy ? 
  if you need real life examples of the above visit cuba or any government paid agency in my country . 
  so much text without answering a simple question : why should i put the effort to do my best without reward ? 
  there is no burden for you to answer anything , this is the internet after all , but can i assume that according to your reply , if i educate myself in socialism i will find a reason to go against my self interests in my hypothetical tv building scenario ? 
  exactly my point : we do n't get a microsoft . 
  guess where the following technological advancements took place, 
  nuclear weapons and power, 
  computers, 
  operating systems , internet , search engines , robotics, 
  dna decoding, 
  cars, 
  planes, 
  space rockets, 
  i agree that education ! = intelligence , and i will add that on average politicians have higher intelligence from the average voter ( iq = 100 by definition ) . 
  even if they work less , a politician has more time , because he labours for 0 hours . 
  his work is getting informed in order to vote . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  a politician employs ( indirectly of course ) more than one expert . 
  in order to have the same allocation of experts ' time for the public , we would need more experts than the public ( themselves being part of the public , ergo impossible even in theory ), 
  why would it be simpler ? 
  the trend is to become more complicated because human interactions become more numerous and complicated over time . 
  in my post i take the best case scenario , that it will not get any worse . 
  not trolling . 
  please enlight me with how complex design and construction can be done without a hierarchy . 
  being a software engineer , i will not only applaud your effort , i will put it good use : get rid of all these project managers , system architects , senior developers , etc. 
  how ? 
  why did ussr ( and every other socialist country ) failed to have one ? 
  ( not only a microsoft , but any of other technology examples ) . 
  how can they get greater rewards on a system that distributes evenly ? 
  it is mathematically impossible . 
  what you describe is a ` saints/angels ' society : produce what you can , receive what you need . 
  even if you can imagine a society which covers `` all needs '' , some people will want something `` better '' in order to apply their talents . 
  case in point : if you compare the average western world citizen with his counterpart 300 years ago , he should be happy , he has everything without working via the state unemployment benefits : a house , food , basic medical care . 
  still he will not contribute to the society unless payed : why ? 
  no true socialist fallacy ? 
  hmmmm how delicious :-), 
  but seriously now , you keep evading the question : why would any able person put effort for no reward ? 
  what will keep him/her from doing the absolute minimum expected from his peers ? 
  the point you keep dismissing in your replies is the reward : can a system without any reward work ? 
  i had the misfortune/luck ( ? ), 
  of seeing a non reward system during my 18 month compulsory military service : every one had the same rights/duties/etc . 
  you had to do your best for the team ( under oath ) , but there was no reward on exceptional behavior or acts . 
  and surprise-surprise , everyone did the absolute minimum to avoid penalty of laziness . 
  last point : why do devout christians ( remember their delusion - the creator of the universe is going to judge them for eternity and send them to hell ) , disobey jesus commandment about giving away 1/2 their wealth ? 
  hopefully the above will show you something about human nature, 
  no choice to contribute , srsly now ? 
  why ca n't they ( people on unemployment benefits ) pick up the trash from the street ?
