  a has 100 $ , b has 0 $ , c has 0 $ . 
  total debt = 0 $ , total $ = 100, 
  a has 50 $ , b has 50 $ , c has 0 $ . 
  total debt = 50 $ , total $ = 100, 
  a has 50 $ , b has 0 $ , c has 50 $ . 
  total debt = 100 $ , total $ = 100, 
  debt is not a quantity that you can sum between different `` players '' - it makes no sense . 
  hard working public employees :-), 
  tl ; dr very small production, 
  greece borrowed 340bn euro and was given another 200bn euro ( since 1980 as subsidies ) . 
  we had money injected in our economy and stopped producing goods to export ( why produce and export , when you could have an easy government job that pays more than the open market ? ), 
  i hope that you are a very smart 5 yr old :-), 
  what ? 
  no `` i am le tired '' post ? 
  huston we have a problem, 
  amen ( i always use this word when i hear a prayer ), 
  if the banks fail , the citizens ' savings evaporate ( you ca n't get money from a bankrupt institution by definition ) . 
  also your boss can not pay you at the end of the month because the company bank account has no money in it . 
  your friends and family can not help you because their savings have also evaporated . 
  you are downing on a beach with no lifeguard while everyone else is also drowning . 
  your country 's currency is now worthless for the rest of the world , ( as it happened in all countries including iceland ) . 
  this means that imports become problematic . 
  you need exports in order to make imports , and you can import only on par with your exports . 
  you need imports because your country does not produce every kind of product nor has every natural resource ( ore , oil , etc ), 
  iceland is one of the very few countries with a trade surplus ( they export more than they import ) , thus managed to stay afloat after the bank fail . 
  any country with a trade deficit ( like greece ) will find shortages in goods immediately after the bank fail , making even more difficult to ramp up production, 
  even non economists should have trouble with his comment . 
  unfortunately people forget that banks hold their money , and not some magic entity 's money . 
  so you get these scenarios where ` punishing ' banks will solve the problems etc. 
  where is the money needed to protect individual savings ? 
  the greek state `` protects '' theoretically all accounts to the limit of 100,000 e. 
  that 's all nice and good , unless all banks fail - then there is not enough money to cover this . 
  greek banks have deposits of about 200bn . 
  the state runs a primary deficit ( without debts ) and all banks are now in the red . 
  i let you do the math . 
  2nd paragraph : good luck proving interest rate manipulation ( not that it is relevant to our crisis ) . 
  3rd paragraph : same as before - ca n't prove it unless someone talks . 
  also insider trading is ` stealing ' between the ` sharks ' , very small connection to a government 's deficit . 
  you ca n't fail banks and protect individuals at the same time , it is like fucking a woman while preserving her virginity . 
  you need raw materials , tools and equipment in order to build the local production ( especially in our case - greece ) . 
  we import all these . 
  the trade imbalance , without the ability to get any new loans will stagnate our ability to grow ( we will grow of course at a very very slow pace , as we import as much as we export while the rest of the world zooms past us in tech ), 
  eli5 ( ok eli16 ) your 2nd paragraph pls, 
  thanks . 
  i think greece ( pre-euro ) was doing some of this in parallel with taxes , and of course no-one wanted to hold greek drachmas as an investment and our government ( s ) had no real checks on the amount printed ( i think inflation was something like 20 % in the 80s-90s ), 
  why do you downvote the mention of a simple fact ? 
  it is not his opinion , it is a fact, 
  i think my nickname says it all . 
  the rule of taxing profits instead of turnover is not a complicated one . 
  if you taxed companies on turnover , this would bankrupt companies that had a bad year ( say for example 0 profits ) , since they would have to pay the tax anyway . 
  if you can think of a better solution , please describe it to us, 
  there are countries that have closed these ` loopholes ' : n.korea , cuba , venezuela . 
  i do n't think we want to go there , but opinions differ ; some people like these systems, 
  agreed . 
  very few people understand that austerity is the result of a bankrupt government and not a free will decision ( unless someone is stupid enough to lend some money lol ), 
  they are striking because they are used to it . 
  it is the pavlov 's dog response of the greek government sector : go on strike and you shall be rewarded ( used to be true up to 2009 when greece was borrowing like crazy ) . 
  reality is a bitch , i doubt this generation will ` get it ' through their minds that the money is over, 
  my imba ww barb ca n't hear you over the sound of his battle cries :-), 
  i also do this , it brings a new dimension to `` group play '' where part of your group is an elite pack :-), 
  i for one welcome our . . ahhhh fuck it, 
  these data are not evidence nor can be used as such . 
  they provide a hint to the tax inspectors on who to check for fraud and from which bank to ask for official data . 
  all this is akin to what an informer does for the police : his info is not used as evidence , but it is used in order to gather evidence . 
  abandon planet !!, 
  true , but the act of arresting him while ignoring all the criminally negligent politicians on the matter of tax fraud , is like a cop giving you a ticket for illegal parking while i gun down civilians in front of him . 
  priorities you see ... :-(, 
  hmmmm let me think ... the one that brings some money into the state ? 
  nah . . let 's waste some tax payer money on this journalist :-), 
  1 ) agreed , but in greece law enforcement is a joke , so the point is : out of all the illegalities done , is this really out no. 1 priority ? 
  2 ) agreed , but no-one is investigating . 
  after 3 years there should be a conclusion , it is simple arithmetic ffs !, 
  about tree fiddy, 
  it is aware , kill it, 
  true , but the alternate weapon set gave us a work around . 
  i actually liked the tension , and the fact that i had to look out for those guys in order to switch gear . 
  can i have an `` annoyed picard '' photoshop touch-up please ? 
  i could give the lochness monster about tree fiddy, 
  i had taken for a walk my crustacean from the paleozoic era , and i needed about 3.5 for a drink from a vending machine , but had no wallet . 
  so my pet left for a few minutes and ... 
  where is this pic from ? 
  you are being trolled , or you are talking to an idiot . 
  save your time, 
  i farm at lvl6-7 with some deaths now and then . 
  if i switch the skorn to a 2 x 1h ( dagger offhand ) i am immortal with 2.4 as , but i do much less dmg so elites die of boredom instead of my dmg . 
  how can i keep using the skorn and maintain my immortal state ? 
  i used andys for as , but fire burns like a bitch :-), 
  what kind of witchcraft is this ? 
  i demand answers !!, 
  probably : \u03bb\u03ad\u03b3\u03b5\u03c4\u03b5 , which means : do speak ( in a polite manner ), 
  oi aggloi lene : greeks make laws just to break them ( h kati tetoio ) . 
  exontas zhsei sthn agglia mporw na sou pw oti den yparxei kammia sxesh sto epipedo anypakohs stous nomous metaksy twn dyo xwrwn . 
  dropping the a-bomb saved lives . 
  an invasion ( normandy style ) could bring the death toll to  1m lives . 
  fire away :-), 
  you handled it poorly . 
  when they requested to speak with the dead person , you should have booked an appointment , walk into the meeting room and shoot in the head the person requesting to talk with the dead . 
  no court on this earth would have found you guilty . 
  1/4 of the population is out of work , neo-fascist party grew from a 0.4 % to a 12 % ( latest polls ) and tax avoidance is our national sport :-), 
  he is not out of touch with greek info,
