  please keep posting lies , it fits the current narrative of the greek government, 
  are you stupid or just pretending to be stupid ? 
  of course in the context of our discussion payment is a new loan . 
  the net effect is that no money is coming out of the greek state ( we dont have it even if we tried ) . 
  the agreement is that while we are following the program , we are covered . 
  i am the type of greek that was against hosting the olympic games . 
  i am also the type of greek without a time machine to get me back to 2000 , cancel the olympic investment and start digging for gold with the new found money . 
  we are covered . 
  if we were not this conversation would have taken place in a bankrupt country with a new currency . 
  do a reality check and get back to us . 
  thanks, 
  iceland exports more than it imports . 
  money is the tool for exchange . 
  if you have the goods at the ready , nothing will be in shortage in the bankrupt country . 
  is greece on the same or even similar situation ? 
  you ask me to lent you 10,000 euro to start a business at 3 % interest rate . 
  i give you the money . 
  your girlfriend spends the money shopping using your credit card . 
  do you think you are free of your obligations just because your gf is a thief ? 
  nai re file . 
  eyxaristw pou to eides, 
  tourism and shipping are not exports of physical goods . 
  they are services . 
  they bring money in, 
  the world does not work this way . 
  you will sue her , hit her , kill her , whatever . 
  but you still have to pay me . 
  the deal is between us . 
  still , he owes ** me ** the money . 
  our topic isnt about payment terms . 
  read his first comment . 
  he argues that a justice inquiry into where the money was spend , has any significance onto the obligation to pay back, 
  her void hungers, 
  2nd class citizens . 
  now , pick up this can, 
  ( depreciation ) . 
  syriza you are clear for landing . 
  200 feet and closing , visibility 5 by 5, 
  how far back does one go for reprations ? 
  if 70 years are ok , should turkey ask for reparations for our attack 90 years ago ? 
  or do we ask them for reparations since they destroyed the greek populations after we lost that war ? 
  why dont we seek reparations from turkey for their attack 40 years ago ? 
  our request is just a way for the government to show their voters that they are looking after their intetests . 
  we have no way of enforcing it , we are too late for asking it now , courts in similar cases in italy have decided against greece , reparation requests were finalised 25 years ago , and a 70 year loan made in 1940 's drachmas has zero value today . 
  we love chasing pink unicorns , and the government is giving us what we want, 
  nai vre 8anash , alla nomizeis oti 8a poune nai ston typo apo to moschato attikis pou 8a tous steilei email ? 
  h 8a parei to aeroplano na paei na ton doun ? 
  aytes tis paparies akouw , kai egrapsa to pio panw post, 
  misinformation wins . 
  maybe you are right, 
  you mean failing to get the 7bn on february , so that they can get 2bn now conditionally . 
  should i mention the 11bn of esf funds that are out of reach ? 
  getting things done lol, 
  use your brain . 
  who cares ? 
  so let me get this : we were set to get 7bn , and now we will get 2 ( possibly ) . 
  and this is progress . 
  i need a new dictionary , i am out of the loop, 
  money is released according to the progress we make . 
  a target is set , we get audited , if we pass we get a piece of the money . 
  elections paused any progress and stopped all auditing . 
  it is not rocket science, 
  the email set a target . 
  the target was rejected as too small . 
  now the funny thing : the hardouvelis email had a much smaller gap to close . 
  now with the `` hole '' in state finances due to enfia not being paid since the elections ' announcement , syriza has a much harder money gap to fill . 
  financial planning \u03bf \u03a3\u03cd\u03c1\u03b9\u03b6\u03b1 . 
  re read my post . 
  hardouvelis had a target of 1bn to gef acceptance , syriza has a target of 1 +2 bn . 
  the 1bn from hardouvelis rejection , plus the 2bn income loss from unpaid enfia . 
  who do you think was in a better position to meet the targets for the receipt of the 7bn ? 
  when the mail was send no . 
  but they were not due then eh ? 
  they were due later , and elections paused and then killed any chance of getting them . 
  the big difference between hardouvelis email ( and prior emails ) and syriza , is that syriza just paused all changes and stopped auditing . 
  next thing , money flow stopped, 
  we just run out of other people 's money . 
  pls send more . 
  kiss xxx, 
  alexis, 
  mrs. merkel ? 
  tsipras is trying to talk his way out of committing to any actual program . 
  this is not how eu operates , and on top of that asking germany to do it ? 
  lol !, 
  from the source itself :, 
  greek statistics . 
  except of course our credit rating which is junk . 
  dont let these things trouble you my son :-), 
  syriza and its voters are beyond logic . 
  i know that you do n't care about what i say :-), 
  i should have stopped reading here . 
  true :-), 
  gap for ever re noobs, 
  fiction, 
  i am not young ( 40 ) , but from what i can tell from the people i know in their 20 's , unemployment and no hope for the future is the most pressing issue . 
  another issue they face is me chasing them in bars for sex :-), 
  beware of hairy greeks bearing drinks :-), 
  not true . 
  if you want more power , you just burn more coal at the plant . 
  can you do that with wind and solar ?
