  semco is a company with a turnover of only $ 200bn that primarily makes industrial machinery . 
  why do you deem it successful ? 
  i find it a bit strange , that a page covering his success , does not even say if his company is profitable or in loss . 
  ( i did try to find a balance sheet googling ) . 
  why do you link ideo ? 
  they are a standard `` management consultants '' company ( the link quotes the ceo , general manager and chairmen ), 
  edit : good thread btw, 
  if you charge up the laser of the blu-ray the damage ... nevermind, 
  hello :-) forgot me ? 
  i played ut2004 competitive on clanbase for one year , and gg would sometimes written by the winning team first . 
  a gg is a gg man, 
  how can you be good in one rts and bad at another ? 
  imo being good in one of them will make you at least average in all other . 
  good morning isabelle !, 
  my sign is you giving me head . 
  why is this not happening , am i doing something wrong or are you out of tune with the universe ? 
  etc etc, 
  there is code that sucks , and you can be sure about it without knowing the full scope e.g. 
  : instead of using build in language sorting , the programmer made a temp table in db , inserted values , select ... order by . . drop table . 
  this is how you know . 
  steam , steam , steam , steam , steam, 
  13th floor ? 
  why is n't this a standard feature on reddit ? 
  team 17 !, 
  he was shooting down flying tanks, 
  if by best game you mean the game that is enjoyed by most , i would say no . 
  it was impossible for new players to score kills . 
  too many weapons , wall/ramp jumping , dodge + jump , vehicles , translocator , adrenaline , make for a very deep game , but also raise the bar too high . 
  i found it is impossible to be very good on all modes : tam , 1v1 , ctf , insta , ons ( this is my favourite ), 
  just say it in greek and get on with your life :, 
  that 'll teach him, 
  have you seen the casualties estimates for the us invasion ? 
  if you have , check also japan 's estimates for the defense against an invasion . 
  us wanted to demonstrate the power of the new weapon to end the war . 
  we know today of the destructive force of a-bombs , but back then it was unknown . 
  a `` test '' nuke on a mountain may not even leave a crater ( as `` little boy '' did not ) depending on the timing of the triggering device . 
  keep in mind that us gambled on this : they only had three bombs ( one used in mexico ) , and any new ones needed months to be made . 
  do n't forget that in ww2 , cities were military targets ( london , berlin , dresden , etc ) . 
  it is easy to judge things on reddit in the 21st century from your sofa using wifi , without thinking on what was different back then :-), 
  pls read my post again before fixing your caps lock . 
  during the time needed to create the new bombs , the war would continue , claiming lives . 
  two were enough because they worked ( no one knew they would , hence the different detonation/technology ) . 
  the us gambled that the japanese would believe that they really had a way to manufacture bombs fast , and that the casualties will make the generals re-assess their position on defensive warfare and their chances of holding off . 
  that gamble almost failed , because everyone was pleading the emperor to not surrender ( the ` die instead of surrender ' mentality is a bit foreign to us maybe , but that was japan , were the looser would commit suicide ) . 
  if the real attack on two cities almost failed to end the war , what would happen to your idea of `` simulated attacks '' ? 
  us and the allied forces wanted the unconditional surrender of the axis . 
  they dismantled their enemies armies after getting it . 
  japan is not france ( no offense :-) ) , they would not surrender until us army was marching in tokyo ( germans also fought to the last ) . 
  the only thing that got them to surrender and end the blood bath , was the a-bomb . 
  what has cost got to do with anything ? 
  the next a-bomb was months away -- the time needed to separate enough fission material ( critical mass ) . 
  expand/explain pls, 
  nickname + inappropriate joke combo , double kill, 
  actually i wanted a reference to the otto joke , but thanks anyway :-), 
  the peace nobel price , is given as an incentive to `` keep the peace '' in the future , and not for past performance . 
  it is a way for the nobel committee to say `` you have the peace prize man , do n't be an asshole/start another war '', 
  shell sent them the monies lol, 
  consequences ... 
  his imaginary fri. . . never mind, 
  wooooosh, 
  you get downvoted because the military occupation of japan ended the japan-china-korea bloodbath ( read up their previous wars , unreal stuff ) . 
  the fact that they fucked up elsewhere does not invalidate your parent 's post . 
  when i got my job as a system administrator ,, 
  my cousin told to his system administrator at work :, 
  `` hey my cousin got the same job as you '' . 
  the reply :, 
  `` what , moving furniture around the office ? '', 
  there are : marathon race ( 42km ) in greece ( running the supposed ancient route ) . 
  those being stolen from , will not know about the possibility of dream theft , unless they are `` trained '' . 
  thieves know that the technology exists and have the totems as protection against the possibility of being marks themselves . 
  as per my post , the protection does not make sense . 
  priest having sex with a girl ? 
  mind = blown, 
  thank you reddit :-), 
  it would have been such a disappointment if this was not the top comment, 
  this is just another day in the office in ut2004 games :, 
  lightning gun + shock rifle + lightning gun weapon switch combo, 
  extra rage points if i they got a headshot on me :-(, 
  just a day after the duke nukem forever demo . 
  do n't think so, 
  well said , even more so when the software solution has some kind of certification required for business . 
  you customers will just not change any part of the system that may violate this, 
  sounds perfect , where can i buy some ? 
  please delete all your comments/replies and make room for the king :, 
  good news everyone, 
  terrible terrible damage, 
  with a girl ? 
  considering the amount of stupid that he has to battle on most of the conversations he has with religious people , i would say he is pretty easy on them . 
  communism is not a pure democracy because only people in the party can vote . 
  the vast majority is not invited to the party unfortunately . 
  the only true democracy that i know of , was athens ' one at 500bc ( only athenians could vote - slaves , ppl from other city-states were excluded ) . 
  it is both . 
  a one party dictatorship were everything is owned by the state . 
  china has abolished the economic `` part '' of communism with a `` free market '' one , but has retained the one party dictatorship . 
  i can not think of a communist counter example where the are more parties and/or public voting, 
  you are correct about the male part . 
  i think the `` land owning '' stopped being a prerequisite after 500bc ( periclis ) . 
  both parents had to be athenian though . 
  athenians had a pure democracy ( still male and `` pure '' athenian only ) , but they retained the structure of a state ( leaders , generals , etc ) . 
  anarchism does away with leadership no matter what the decision process is .
