  maybe women are indeed lesser civilians/people , and are treated fair as such in muslim countries . 
  i don ; t share this opinion , but hey `` this is just like my opinion man '', 
  you did not do this in the name of christ ( like it was done in the crusades ) . 
  your logic is wrong :, 
  a nation with a christian majority wages war , thus christians wage war , thus christian religion is waging war against brown people . 
  usa is waging war against countries not matter what the religion is : see kosovo - us army bombing christians so that they would stop killing muslims ( good call imo , they stopped a genocide in progress ) . 
  share mantas and link these nodes :-), 
  about political competence : their job is to get elected , not to help greece ( i am stating the fact , do not agree with it , but that 's life ), 
  they are covering their asses , trying to be friendly with voters ( at the expense of a real - probably painfull - solution ) and fending off the opposition . 
  i do n't expect a solution from the government ( current or future ) . 
  we will default :-(, 
  this is a kind of default ( the mildest one ) . 
  markets will not lend us again because we did not return the full amount, 
  if your reflexes can take it : unreal tournament ( 99 or ut2004 ), 
  if you are the smartest person in a room , you are in the wrong room, 
  france is bacon, 
  how big are arabian kitchens anyway ? 
  and cameras , yes, 
  yourrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, 
  we would , but this could devalue the euro ( because a part of what guarantees the currency , is `` dead '' ), 
  the greek debt is about 350 billion euro , a devaluation of the euro against other currencies by 5 % , will incur more losses for eu countries than just giving us a loan that we will never pay back ( this is what they are doing now btw ), 
  how is it better for eu countries to loose a % of their gdp because of a euro devaluation ? 
  the only reason we are given a loan ( which we will probably not pay back ) , is because it is the lesser evil . 
  example : germany has a gdp of $ 3.3 trillion . 
  greece defaults and euro takes a 5 % hit against the dollar . 
  the gdp of germany will worth 95 % of what it is now , i.e. 
  germany looses $ 330 billion . 
  this damage is yearly , until euro goes up again , and each eu country will have its own loses . 
  so , it is better ( for them ) to pump money into greece , than letting us default . 
  a bank keeps track of how much you owe them regardless of the value of the currency ( i.e. 
  what you can buy with it ) . 
  if you owe to your bank 1000 icelandic kronas , and the krona turns to `` shit '' , you still owe 1000 kronas . 
  low currency is good for countries that produce low quality products , because it makes them cheap to other countries ( it is an incentive to buy ) . 
  germany exports because of quality , not price . 
  if they had to match the price by currency , the euro would have to sink very low . 
  it is beneficial for them to keep the euro high , so they can import cheap and export high ( because `` we '' value the quality of their products ), 
  the value of a currency is based on the value of the products purchasable by it : if the products are good --  people want to buy them --  people will aquire the currency to buy them --  this creates demand for the currency --  the currency value goes up because of the demand for it . 
  policy making has little to do with the value of the currency . 
  the 1st sentence does not make any sense - what are you trying to say ? 
  you ca n't just `` keep '' a currency down . 
  it either de-values because no-one wants it in order to buy stuff , or the country prints money like crazy . 
  a currency can loose value , if people panic , thinking that there is no guarantee behind it ( the gdp of a country , or eu gdp for our discussion ) . 
  this is what eu is avoiding by giving new loans to greece - these are loans which are never going to be repaid in full, 
  the defence budget is 3 % of our gdp . 
  this is not what creates a 30 billion euro hole in our budget per year and 350 billion euro debt . 
  someone has replied to you with a source, 
  you buy weapons when you get hostility from neighbouring countries ( turkey ), 
  each day they fly their f16 over greece air-space , and we are not very happy about it . 
  they knew because people were screaming from inside . 
  they wanted to burn the place , because people were working instead of taking part in the strike, 
  up to now in greece , demonstrating or going on strike was very successful for government employees ( they can not get fired , it is in our constritution ) . 
  so when the government was pressed , they gave the easy solution : gave in , and borrowed some more money . 
  i think after all these years , we have a `` demonstration for the sake of demonstration '' culture, 
  yes just like north korea with south korea , israel with the arab nations , etc. 
  do you think decades of hate can just disappear with a simple `` sit and talk '' or are you trolling me ? 
  turks want to `` take back '' the aegean sea islands , and we want to `` take back '' cyprus and konstantinople/istanbul . 
  we received 200 billion euro in eu aid ( this is free money , not loans ) during the last 30 years . 
  100 of this came from germany . 
  you ca n't say that we get faulty weaponry because of a faulty submarine . 
  did you check a leopard 2 battle tank during your military service ? 
  this is amongst the best build in the world . 
  private sector employees are not lazy - on the contrary they are overworked ( because boss is watching ) . 
  problem lies with 1,000,000 government employees which produce below par ( because no-one is watching ) , and for which the government has no more money to pay . 
  this is not what happened in greece . 
  no banks were nationalised . 
  greek banks were actually ok with the 2008 crisis , because they did not invest in the `` toxic '' housing market . 
  the only `` toxic '' assets they currently have , is greek bonds ( loans issued by our government ) . 
  if our government defaults , the banks will probably do as well . 
  our government is in debt , because they spend more than what they have ( lots of government employees , and not enough taxes to cover the payroll costs ), 
  no-one disagrees that 1 % of our gdp is a lot of money . 
  but you can not point at it and say `` this is why we are in debt '' : we are spending 9 billion in defence per year , and the budget `` hole '' is 30 billion . 
  keep in mind that the defence budget can not be zero . 
  best case scenario for our defence budget , i think , is to cut it in half and pray that shit does not hit the fan . 
  maybe for you and me , but we are not the majority . 
  if there was no hate , air space violations would not make it to the news - because no-one would give a shit about it . 
  the hate will go away , as the generations that have reasons for hating , die out . 
  the bail-out money was loans to banks . 
  no bank accepted these loans ( marfin being the first to reject ) . 
  reason : the interest rate was too high . 
  ( bail-out is the wrong word , because it assumes no pay back terms , like a sort of nationalisation ), 
  try to find a source of greek banks accepting bail-out money and post it here ( there is n't any ) . 
  greek banks continue to get loans from the central bank of greece if needed ( for cash flow if needed ) as they always did , and bank of greece borrows from the central european bank if needed . 
  the lending problem you describe exists precisely because our local banks did not accept any loans : they try to get out of the crisis by laying low and minimising costs and risk . 
  maybe we should find a source about this issue . 
  want to bet ? 
  i know , but no government dares to touch the subject, 
  here is my take on the siemens scandal : it is impossible to win a government project in greece without bribing . 
  would you have done anything different if you were at the greek siemens ceo 's place ? 
  ( it is a difficult ethical question : do you care for your company or for the law that you know is being bent ), 
  bribing is a crime , and it should be punished . 
  but on this scandal we missed the important points : if siemens was not selected , was there a better candidate to take such a big project ? 
  what was option 2 ? 
  why was it not adopted ? 
  what was the cost for candidate 2 ? 
  it is very odd that no company has sued the government for giving away the contract , after siemens confessed to the bribes . 
  the real scandal is that nobody has been jailed yet ( siemens or government ) , and i think nobody will, 
  please provide a source for the second hand equipment and weaponry . 
  when we get used weaponry it is either free or vastly discounted :, 
  example of free stuff : http://www.athensnews.gr/portal/1/42635, 
  more free stuff : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_destroyer_leon_ ( d54 ),
