  please reddit , never let this meme die, 
  i did n't know he was a girl, 
  ut2004 ai is quite good in team games : ctf , ons, 
  do bears shit in the forest ? 
  reddit never fails to deliver . 
  my comment is already here , and it is also the top comment . 
  i bet i could use 100 sealed envelopes, 
  no wonder unreal tournament 4 has not started, 
  hehe consequences, 
  kick !, 
  on a positive side : since you fail at everything , you also fail at suicide , hence remain alive = win, 
  does the above compute ? 
  should we reboot the internet ? 
  what did your older brother , kmk308 , think of all of this ? 
  yes , but you are not his only friend, 
  in an ideal world with ideal customers who can distinguish shit project costing 10 $ from good project costing 1000 $ , you can bill hourly . 
  in 13 years of working experience in various development companies , the force behind sales is best fixed price : 100 $ and our project will do everything you ask including hand jobs . 
  red power node is under attack :-), 
  road rampage, 
  you can not describe this pain better than this . 
  i can confirm that, 
  that worked wonders in all communist countries :-), 
  do i need to sign a nda in order to read your post ? 
  i 'm in !, 
  you do n't know the performance issues of the application you are installing , so listen to the devs . 
  developers have knowledge from other installations ( and the problems they had with them ) plus info while building/debugging the system . 
  when i tell you to get at least 4gb of ram , you can be sure that on my development pc , running only one user for debugging , sql server has already allocated 3gb :-), 
  why the downvotes ppl ? 
  you may not like what he says , but it is a fact . 
  in all the pre-sales demos i have been (  50 ) for my company 's erp , the sysadmin would be given a 5 minute window to ask questions at the end of the presentation just before we finished . 
  they want to anal probe you themselves, 
  read in unreal tournament announcer 's voice : road rampage, 
  i think my reservation for a room with a view in hell is complete, 
  loves * he is still around bro :-), 
  where is probability_of_fapping and i_m_fapping_in_your_thread when you need them ? 
  where has probabilityoffapping gone again ? 
  a new acronym is born h.r.o.p. 
  the photo is a fake , there are only 12 months in a year, 
  capitalistic scums . 
  this stuff should be free for da people :-), 
  no you did n't, 
  sexual harassment giraffe ftw, 
  she yanked the controller from his hands and finished it for him if you know what i mean, 
  i call bs . 
  proof : if evolution is true , why are there still monkeys ? 
  / thread, 
  switch places , they are not going to notice :-), 
  13 weapons, 
  2 firing modes ( some weapons 3 ), 
  vehikalz ( manta rides , spider mines on mantas :-) ), 
  translocator for ctf, 
  dodge , dodge-jump , wall jump , ramp jump , shield jump, 
  i miss the days of ut, 
  unreal tournament voice on, 
  pro tip : try imagining your family held at gunpoint . 
  i don ; t think your `` typing from my comfy chair at reddit '' logic , will be active/relevant in your decisions . 
  a coworker of mine ( developer ) also did this . 
  the first time he used his dad pc , the mouse was at the inverted position , and he learned using like that , never trying the normal orientation . 
  we new he had used a specific pc in the company , by the orientation of the mouse, 
  monster killlll, 
  and if he had one more in front of his face , he would be alive today ( propably the only good line from movie heist ), 
  oedipus has added you as a friend [ confirm ], 
  dead space 2 had no load times too . 
  is it using ue3 ? 
  short answer : no, 
  long answer : nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  sorry but no :, 
  the universe is expanding at an ever increasing rate ( accelerates ) . 
  the `` big crunch '' will never happen, 
  even if the universe was reset to the same `` initial conditions ? 
  '' , assuming the same laws of physics , quantum mechanics tells us the the universe will evolve differently ( one of many possible histories ) . 
  the scene where the camera goes through the cloud cover and shows a fleet around an aircraft carrier -- oh yeaaaahhhhhh, 
  an accelerating universe can not collapse under gravity ( this has been observed ) . 
  the current mystery is what causes this kind of expansion ( dark energy is the name we have given to this yet unexplained phenomenon ), 
  the probability of having our atoms `` fall '' in the exact same places according to quantum mechanics is 0 . 
  no disagreement . 
  i am answering to his theory of our universe 's `` reset '', 
  well if wikipedia says so , then i guess you got me on this one . 
  we only have to wipe the experimental results of the accelerative expansion and we are set . 
  now back to reality :, 
  according to quantum mechanics , the interactions between particles are non deterministic . 
  this means that there is a possible range of outcomes , and each outcome has a certain probability . 
  the parallel worlds theory is a direct outcome of this `` probabilistic property '' of nature . 
  now take our universe of 10 ^ 78 to 10 ^ 82 atoms , place them ( let 's assume that this is even possible/makes sense ) to the same `` initial state '' and let them interact for 14 billion years . 
  in order to get to the same state as the one we are now while i type , each interaction must have given the same `` result '' as in the `` previous '' ( crunched ) universe . 
  this is not totally impossible in a mathematical sense . 
  you can get a number that describes how low the probability is . 
  but the number will be so low ( because of the number of particles and the timescales involved ) , that we can not take it seriously into account, 
  sience is about different degrees of certainty . 
  i am not saying that you are wrong . 
  i am saying that it is very unlikely that you are right , just as it is very unlikely to jump out of the window and fly ( even though from a scientific point of view , this is `` open '' to observation ), 
  please re-read my posts . 
  my problem is not with crunch theory , but with the highly unprobable ( given the same laws of physics for the next iterations ) re-play scenario you propose . 
  re-read ffs !, 
  my problem is not with crunch theory, 
  stop now and read the above again, 
  stop once more and read my previous post too, 
  lets assume that crunch theory is a law ok ? 
  assume that it is the only proven property of our universe . 
  the problem is that given the same initial conditions for all the elementary particles of our universe ( during `` restart '' ) and given the same laws of physics ( so that galaxies can form and starts can shine and little critters can evolve and we can type on reddit ) , quantum mechanics gives such a low number for the same end-state ( say : today 's state as i write bs on reddit ) , that the whole idea ceases to have any meaning .
