  what does the smite do ? 
  holy shit !, 
  does it proc with tornadoes ? 
  i assume you quote buffed stats after cries . 
  i have the same set-up as you , only with higher armor : 8500 . 
  i can melt through act 3 using perma-wotb . 
  when i see my health dropping because i am taking more dmg than my loh can support , i stop ww and just run around leaving tornadoes . 
  once my health goes up and tornadoes are spinning , i start ww again . 
  i sometimes skip a shielding elite with arcane in corridors because it is just a waste of time . 
  try to agro as many mobs as you can by running around , and get them to converge on a point ; then ww, 
  hope all this helps . 
  so ... perma stun works on ww ? 
  depends on what you farm . 
  if you farm for + exp for your paragon levels , the best thing is to skip elites and storm past white mobs at super speed : so get up to about 30 % movement speed . 
  if you farm elites , get stone of jordan ( +30 % dmg against elites ), 
  what is there to cite ? 
  it is his personal opinion and he states this clearly on the first sentence . 
  i tend to agree with his pet theory, 
  he has so much loh , that he does not need any of the armor skills . 
  crazy !, 
  i like it ;-), 
  come on !, 
  this is just bad sarcasm , not a real person 's post, 
  i guess he means that he got 5 classes to 60 on 5 tries . 
  you are comparing a country with a trade surplus to greece which imports more than it exports . 
  when you go the icelandic way , and all credit is cut to your country , your imports will balance exactly your exports ( because no more loans duh ) . 
  this means that your trade imbalance will create shortages of goods which for greece is something like 80 % ( we have 1 to 4 trade imbalance ), 
  fuel , electronics , mechanical parts , cars , trains , medicines , chemicals , etc, 
  tl ; dr greece will die if it does the icelandic ` trick ', 
  how much randomly ? 
  i will allow it, 
  still waiting for capitalism to fail after 150 years . 
  it is not a very good system , but it is the best we have implemented . 
  i do n't know if your list contains actual marx 's argumentation , but it is very easy to shoot down :, 
  communism is a monopoly by definition . 
  you are not allowed to compete with the state . 
  centralized planning has been impossible to implement , and has resulted in two great famines in ussr and china ( when the centralized planning shifted workforce from agriculture to industry ) . 
  we call this technology and it is not a capitalism thing . 
  on an unrelated note , communism had a fun way of combating unemployment : 50 people were milking the same cow . 
  this problem does not exist . 
  if workers could not buy products we would not be having this conversation now, 
  this is a problem of every system : control of the state by non-elected persons : the wealthy for capitalism , the non-elected party members on the dictatorship of the proletariat, 
  if it was folder 7 times , it would be very interesting, 
  why do you have a return of the king class ? 
  tree fiddy, 
  caps lock malfunction !!!!!, 
  it happens to all sometimes, 
  you are right . 
  i switched yesterday from 2x1h ( mace + spear ) to a 2h mace with 850loh + 100 % crit + socket , and i seem to be having problems keeping wotb up . 
  what is the problem ? 
  attack speed ? 
  slow tick rate of tornadoes ? 
  low fury generation ? 
  can i solve it , or should i ditch the 2h ? 
  thanks, 
  i had a similar problem this morning . 
  i usually wotb through act3 without any problems , well not today . 
  insta-death : /, 
  i will try again when i get home, 
  i went from 25k dps to 41k dps . 
  did i break a ` barrier ' for ww ? 
  my attack speed is low because of the 2h mace ( 0.90 ac ) . 
  will try playing when i get back home , will post results . 
  thank you for your info, 
  i faceroll act3 . 
  2-3 deaths for full clear when i am very aggressive with molten elites . 
  check profile again , i now have the correct weapons, 
  or at least give your alts your max level - 2 . 
  i have stopped playing my lvl60 wiz just because of that problem, 
  get used to it because it is justified . 
  why do you thing there is no amishophobia ? 
  there are violent people in many religions ( but not all ) and islam tops them all , thus the phobia . 
  phobia is a greek word '' \u03c6\u03bf\u03b2\u03af\u03b1 '' and it means to be feared of something , including rational and irrational fears . 
  arachnophobia is not irrational in australia for example but it may be irrational in europe where 99 % of the species are not dangerous to us . 
  acrophobia also is not irrational as there is danger of death involved . 
  so islamophobia is a phobia which just happens to be on the rational subset of phobias . 
  the spec was in line with the diablo philosophy though ( at least the old one - d2 ) . 
  i remember a phrase when d3 was first shown to the public '' [ for blizzard ] there is no such thing as too much power '', 
  as and ww would like to have a word with you :-), 
  d2 had overpowered classes like hammerdins , auradins which i never rolled because i did not like their playstyle ( standing still spamming hammers , or running around without hitting anything and wait for things to die ) . 
  but there were ppl who liked such a thing , and in my opinion : good for them , good job of d2 team to allow them to play the game as they like . 
  noone is forcing you dude to do anything . 
  you have free will to play the game anyway you like . 
  in d2 one of the easiest ways to play was with a summoning necro . 
  noone forced you to roll a necro , and i specifically did not play as a necro because summoning is not my thing, 
  fps is not the problem here . 
  visibility is the issue, 
  this is a 600m character , i think any build will do :-), 
  i stand corrected : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law#greece, 
  we did the same in 2003 :-( at least the guy was acquitted, 
  in the early 70 's during the junda , church had leverage on enforcing the blasphemy laws . 
  i ( wrongly ) thought we are beyond this stuff . 
  sry forgot , look edited header, 
  at least we did not enforce it ( not that we enforce many of our laws , just saying ) . 
  this is a bit out of the ordinary for greece i think . 
  you gear is uber . 
  what is your loh , life leech , and crit % ? 
  thanks, 
  i think the term `` global debt '' has no meaning . 
  allow me to explain with an example :,
