  it is motivated by self-interest , rather than by what would be best for greece . 
  imf is looking after the interests of its creditors , i.e. 
  the member countries that fund it . 
  do world countries agree on taking on the damage of a write-off ? 
  checkmate kafros !, 
  if he had another one in front of his face , he would be writing this story instead of me :-), 
  edit : with apologies to the script writers of heist, 
  ... very hard to do . 
  the script collapsed under the weight of the 100 + plotlines . 
  of course the above assumes that they intended to try at least and sum up/explain all plot lines . 
  if not , i guess we just saw the world 's first tv-series ponzi scheme :-), 
  premise : the totem 's purpose is to find out if you are in someone else 's dream . 
  the totem has a unique physical property known to you only , which you can test and decide if you are in reality or some `` architect 's '' dream ( e.g. 
  a weighted dice ) . 
  problem 1 : the weighed dice : just this info ( known by at least 2 ppl apart from arthur ) allows someone to construct a dream in which 1/6 times arthur is fooled that this is reality . 
  problem 2 : any totem : it has to be carried with you at all times . 
  people reconstructing dreams are also good at doing research on their targets . 
  what is preventing them from putting their target to sleep only for stealing his real-world totem for studying . 
  whatever the physical flaw , any trained thief can find it . 
  in which internet cafe do i go to get my ass kicked in sc2 ? 
  ( i 'm in the city of tongyeong ), 
  edit : a cafe name would help , to give to the taxi driver, 
  i will provide 99 % equity for this, 
  is it going to work for single player , or am i looking at a world of pain ? 
  thanks, 
  from the videos i saw that in d3 the open spaces are quite restricted . 
  this is my first time mp in diablo2 . 
  1000xthanks to spork for giving me all that high level gear ( which needs some 100 's of hours i guess in order to come in handy ) . 
  thanks to all the people that rushed me to act 5 too . 
  some nooby questions :, 
  why do i gain experience so slowly ? 
  i am lvl 20 and i am trying to kill act5 monsters . 
  i was expecting high exp gain from killing them . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  my merc gains exp vary slowly too . 
  i was lvl 12 with a lvl 6 merc which did not lvl up . 
  i got a tip to buy a new one , and it worked , but this one also had the same prob . 
  so i bought a second one ( same merc always : act2 defiance ) . 
  do i need to keep buying new ones to keep up with my level ? 
  does the / players 8 work in mp ? 
  thanks to all, 
  it may be just me , or it may be that i have burned my `` scary fuse '' after gaming for 20 years , but i did not find dungeon crawling in d3 as scary as i found the barracks ( for example ) in d2 . 
  anyone else having the same thoughts ? 
  are you missing it ? 
  some ut2004 love ( redeemer , ion canon , etc. . . ), 
  what is the max % chance for the above if i only equip items that stack on such a property ? 
  i ( ww barb ) was playing with a cm perma-freeze wizard in act3 , and we were virtually indestructible . 
  i farm act1 inferno with 5nv ( from festering woods very fast ) , and with 30 % mf ( base , no buffs ) . 
  advice is welcome :-), 
  it seems that i spin faster with 1h + shield than with 2 x 1h ( of the same attack speed ) or 2 x 1h ( with the offhand having greater attack speed ), 
  i seem to be able to perma-spin only with 1h + shield ( ww build ) . 
  what about 2h spinning speed ? 
  what do you recommend for the ww build ? 
  thanks, 
  wtf !, 
  we have n't had something like this since the 70 's i think . 
  not again !, 
  edit : link, 
  this is a 300 base mf char on lvl5 . 
  the good thing is that i never die ( up to lvl5 ) , the bad is that in mp games , mobs die of boredom and not from my dmg :-(, 
  if you were blizzard , and had these 2 great online rpg games out , would you risk upping the gameplay of the one which brings less money at the expense of the other ? 
  of course not all d3 players are wow players , but i imagine there is a big overlap . 
  discuss, 
  i think this belongs here . 
  there used to be a ytmnd page named nomorelives ( or an 8bit childhood ) which no longer exists . 
  can someone find a mirror ? 
  thanks, 
  get a blessing ( once per game per player ) from a town npc that gives you immunity for 2 minutes . 
  during this time you deal no damage but you can tp into battle , roam around the map and allow the game to load properly . 
  thoughts ? 
  or something similar to it in terms on function . 
  thanks, 
  source :, 
  poll questions, 
  ti einai ayto re mlk ? 
  an den painepseis to subreddit sou , 8a kleisei :-), 
  an eiste gerontes san ki emena , kai eixate liwsei sto gibbing sto ut99 , rixte mia matia sto neo ut2014 ( einai crowd-sourced kai yposthrizetai apo thn epic ), 
  moooooooooooonster kill, 
  taken from :, 
  while gunzerking , i do not see much due to this post processing effect ( darker vision , blood veins around the screen 's edge ) , and i am missing out the environment 's detail . 
  any way to disable this ? 
  thanks, 
  has anyone done it ? 
  thanks, 
  wtf ? 
  trolling or serious ? 
  some possible topics :, 
  complete the list , / r/greece, 
  the pursuit of happiness, 
  true lies, 
  copyright : george j. prokopakis, 
  [ removed ], 
  a non windows os is preferable ( since i will avoid an antivirus installation for the host os of the terminal itself ), 
  thanks forward guys, 
  i get to do unintentionally the same things i did in skyrim : follow quest marker , see random enemies , start killing random enemies , loot , encumbered , shuffle through shit in the inventory , drop stuff , decide to go back to town and sell stuff ( where do i do this by the way in fallout 4 ? 
  ) , while going back to town see again random enemies , sheeeeeeeeeeeet, 
  it is not bad per se , but i feel i have been there before, 
  sorry if this has been posted before . 
  i am experiencing stutter when strafing in fallout 4 . 
  i have reduced almost everything to low , set windowed mode ( borderless ) , but not result,
