  but still ... 
   if germany insists taking in more money that it spends on imports from abroad , then someone , somewhere , is going to have to go into debt to buy all those german products, 
  it is not germany `` insisting '' , it is us , the consumers `` insisting '' by choosing their products . 
  not much can be done about it , their products are chosen even though they are the most expensive ones . 
  unites states of europe . 
  yes , maybe ... in 3 generations time . 
  unreal tournament \u03bc\u03b5 isdn \u03c3\u03b5 200ms ping, 
  / get off my lawn, 
  damn i am old, 
  you get the picture . 
  ask draghi ( he is on it as we speak ) . 
  estimated timeframe ? 
  good news everyone nevertheless, 
  eater too, 
  exeis tetoia plhroforia gia to mellon ? 
  or maybe not ? 
  page 46 . 
  unidentified measures 2.0, 
  apologist to the max, 
  proof is on you . 
  quote him . 
  they set us up the formula . 
  3 . .2 . .1 fight, 
  pc master race, 
   love stream, 
  love is in the air ? 
  so what ? 
  the government exposed that if you promise lies before the elections , you will not be able to deliver anything after you get elected . 
  next experiment in line : jumping out of the 100th floor will get you killed, 
  10/10 works perfectly, 
  willpower capacitors set to full captain . 
  your orders sir ? 
  set reality vectors to null , prepare for launch . 
   and these capitalistic countries people like you admire have their own currencies, 
  has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
  80 % this guy is right . 
  buy buy buy, 
  source ? 
  a true hero . 
  \u0391\u0395\u03a0 2014 186,5 \u03b4\u03b9\u03c3 ( \u0395\u039b\u03a3\u03a4\u0391\u03a4 http://www.tanea.gr/news/economy/article/5218624/elstat-sto-0-8-h-aykshsh-toy-aep-to-2014/ ), 
  wtf ? 
  get use to it . 
  good point koyima, 
  \u03bc\u03ac\u03b8\u03b5 pole dancing, 
  wait ... almonds, 
  do you accept to pay more taxes ? 
  yes, 
   what rules/customs should i observe when drinking , going to clubs , and talking to girls, 
  do n't get drunk . 
  most of the girls are not drunk either , so you are lowering your chances, 
  balance your numbers . 
  if you are with a friend and you walk to a team of 2 girls , your chances are higher that if you go to a team of 3 . 
  check out which girls seem bored ( looking at the void , playing with their mobile ) . 
  these are your primary targets, 
  be polite, 
  be attractive :-), 
  do n't be unattractive :-), 
  go get them tiger !, 
  good find !, 
   1 - greece did not get into the situation it is now due to the profligacy of it 's public spending, 
   2 - greece has more of a problem in terms of being able to collect taxes instead of overspending, 
  this is a contradiction . 
  whatever the tax problems , a state that spends more money that what it collects , is by definition overspending . 
  let 's assume that tax collection is a problem , and the solution is to collect more ( a stupid assumption as currently the state can not collect 75 billion euro of expired tax , what makes you think it can collect more ? ) . 
  a responsible state would only spend as much money as it collects from tax . 
  if at a later date tax collection increases , then it may increase spending . 
  without capital controls, 
  with capital controls, 
  capital controls do not mean that you will take 60 euro . 
  it means that you can get up to 60 euro , provided that the atm is stocked . 
   this story appears in the march 23 , 2015 issue of forbes, 
  a tourist can not get money out of an empty atm , no matter what the limit, 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  worst case :, 
  win win, 
  aytos omws einai sto timoni file, 
  if i had a dollar for every time a strawman argument was made about households from idiots like you , greece would be saved from my money alone . 
  states can borrow and go under . 
  but if they keep on doing it without expanding their production , then you get to greece 2009 . 
  dont let me distract you from your strawman imaginary talk . 
  carry on comrade . 
  we need all the laughs we can get, 
  yes glorious patriot , please lead us to the land of failed states which borrow beyond their growth . 
  there is a reason we use the ratio of debt to gdp instead of debt alone . 
  oh sorry , i used the word reason while talking to you . 
  my bad , i take it back, 
  every state operates as i describe . 
  spending is according to input . 
  loans are taken to increase production , but if that fails ( i.e. 
  the gdp falls behind ) , borrowing is lowered . 
  this is called fiscal responsibility . 
  something that greece did not have until 2009 when we went broke . 
  but as i said , please continue to amuse me with stories of countries that can borrow ad infinitum . 
  you will be doing a good advertisement to our fellow redditors who are not familiar with the current government 's money-tree theory . 
  right ? 
  terastia diafora dont you think ? 
  in a sense yes . 
  but ... 
  this is reddit . 
  never read the post,
