  i had the choice to run or stay and endure whatever he was about to do to me '', 
  people : `` why did n't you run ? '', 
  you : `` have you tried running with high heels on sand ? '', 
  i do n't want to be rude , but i have a big question : how do you avoid first dates or situations where both are active or both are active ? 
  ( or there is no such thing ? ), 
  maybe they just want to join you when you have sex ? 
  why not make 3 for triple the price ? 
  ( source : contact ), 
  headshot :-), 
  your info is correct , and i wonder if people that call themselves communists have actually read this , and if yes wtf ? 
  :-) who in the world believed that such a pipe-dream cannot/will not be abused, 
  strange women lying in ponds distributing swords can be no basis for a government, 
  paleozoic not paleolithic ( the later is very recent ), 
  i do n't how to start reading, 
  damn it !, 
  i have been using the `` later '' all my life ( heh non-native english speaker ) , thanks for the correction . 
  `` through sheer ** luck ** '' you keep using that word , i do not think it means what you think it means, 
  oh man if only you had a vhs collection, 
  i am a slave owner and my ancestors feel guilty, 
  this is reddit ( kicks ) :-), 
  how does this work ? 
  one country taxes you and then whatever is left , is taxed by the second ? 
  what is the amount above which the tax applies ? 
  well said , by you are wasting time talking to an idiot, 
  france is going to have less tax income by the capital exodus . 
  0capital * 0.75 < xcapital * 0.35, 
  theoretically the state can own anything it wants because it has an army , you are stating the obvious here . 
  doing so is practically stupid , people/wealth/talent / etc will move to another state which does not take things owned by you . 
  i get surprised that the prime minister of france ignored point ( 1 ) . 
  what did he think would happen ? 
  wtf !, 
  how much is left for you at the end ? 
  ( as a percentage or your initial income ), 
  now he is at 63 , the universe is about to end, 
  happy d-day ? 
  france is the most recent country with the flight of 200,000 citizens to the belgian town closest to the french border . 
  in the us people will avoid paying income tax by fueling all their gains in companies thus paying tax on dividends which is much lower . 
  individuals leaving is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  companies leaving is the nightmare here . 
  i am from greece and at the moment many companies close shop and set base in cyprus ( where all invoicing is done ) . 
  i will have to read up for scandinavian countries and where invoicing is done from ( does volvo , saab and ikea tax their income in sweden or route it around the world like starbucks uk ) . 
  oh lol starbucks uk , why am i even writing an answer ? 
  if country x taxes less than your country , a decision is made based on `` how much less ? '' . 
  because moving business or acquiring a new passport carries a `` cost '' too . 
  taxing at 75 % makes this decision very easy : you leave the country, 
  good question . 
  answer : no, 
  why ? 
  iceland has a trade surplus , they export more than they import . 
  they left their banks to crash and burn , their currency turned to shit but ... they produce more than they need . 
  thus they had no big problems . 
  greece has a trade deficit of about 3 to 1 . 
  if greece pulls an iceland , the civilians get screwed by the loss of their savings . 
  the investment bankers have already won ( their past years ' bonuses ) and they do not stand to loose anything now, 
  how many libraries of congress is 170bn tweets ? 
  greek here : they can bust themselves out . 
  greek prisons are very user friendly to the point where you can land a helicopter in the yard and take off with it ( i wish this was a joke ), 
  i am not touching this with a ten foot pole ( huehuehuehuehue ) :-), 
  when everything else fails : move to the hot gates and acquire hot babes if possible, 
  greek here : your analysis is correct apart from the emphasis on the welfare . 
  it was/is an issue , but the main problem was the trade of state jobs for votes . 
  everyone wanted ( and most succeeded ) to be employed by the state : a better salary than the free market , nobody could fire you , very lax timetable . 
  tl ; dr our state borrowed money and gave jobs to citizens ( doing mostly nothing ) in exchange for votes . 
  nazis sure know hot to party, 
  nope , it is mathematically impossible . 
  greece has never made a surplus ( even without loan payments ) , and even if we do a 3 % surplus ( greece becomes the new norway ) we will need 100 years interest free in order to repay ;, 
  sort answer : no, 
  long answer : noooooooooooooooooooo, 
  we do n't have a side arm , only a rifle . 
  officers get a sidearm . 
  if you hate racists , does n't this make you a racist ? 
  wooooosh :-), 
  oh shut up louis :-), 
  chopper 's here, 
  define religious :, 
  do you believe that a man spend 3 days in the belly of a fish and came out to tell a story ? 
  is noah 's story a natural catastrophe as described in the bible ? 
  were adam and eve the first human beings , and we are their descendants ? 
  pic any random story from the bible, 
  if you answer yes to any of the above , you can not be scientific , because the scientific method has already proved these to be wrong, 
  you say mostly . 
  which myth is not allegorical for you ? 
  if all are allegorical , then you can not be religious , because being religious by definition requires belief that at least some of the basic tenets of your religion are true . 
  two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ( probably by einstein ), 
  ok , but in which context ? 
  was he just a man that tried to persuade people to be nice to each other , or a miracle man , the son of god ( the god being himself ) that rose from the dead ? 
  belief in the existence of a historical figure , does not make you religious . 
  the mythos around said figure does . 
  so which is your accepted jesus myth ? 
  how is it possible to have such a detailed memory from this age ? 
  holy shit !, 
  i fired my first training shot in the greek army using the m1 in 1997 ( we still had ammo from the ww2 i guess ), 
  genius !, 
  now we only need to invent the technology to transfer the electrical energy without loosing it over the lines , bring up the efficiency so that it is cheaper than coal , oh wait ... 
  yes you are right \u03b4\u03b9\u03bc\u03bf\u03b9\u03c1\u03af\u03b1 is platoon . 
  good find . 
  it seems that he was a member of the 6th platoon ( \u03a3\u03a4 in ancient greek style numbering \u0391 , \u0392 , \u0393 , \u0394 , \u0395 , \u03a3\u03a4 1-6 ) . 
  his cristian name is nick . 
  how did you get hold of this rifle ? 
  what is the cmp ?
