  greece , italy , spain , portugal have governments in debt , and their banks are in trouble because of the governments , not the other way around . 
  iceland has more exports than imports . 
  their banks went bankrupt , krona was worth shit , but : they exported more than what the imported . 
  this is not the case for greece etc, 
  the rabbit hole goes deeper :, 
  when we ( greece ) default , we have to return to the drachma ( the government can not print euro , the ecb wo n't give us euro , but the government will need money to operate , thus print drachmas ) . 
  the drachma will not worth the value of the paper it is printed on , why ? 
  we do not export enough , we not produce worthy items or services ( or at least enough in quantity or quality to balance our importing needs ) . 
  anything imported will sky rocket : oil , cars , computers , hightech equipment , industrial equipment , basically anything a 21st century society needs in order to have a good life quality . 
  how about you kiss your money as a simple bank customer goodbye ? 
  how about the company you are currently working has 0 now in the company bank account ( because you let the bank go down remember ? ) . 
  how will you get paid ? 
  will your boss be able to have a constant flow of income for the near future to pay your salary ? 
  in the minds of the majority , a `` bank '' is a rich entity that can go fuck itself for all we care . 
  reality check : that entity has our money . 
  german , french , greek , italian banks mainly . 
  the customer will be gone , but so will his money ( if greece defaults ) . 
  this is my and your money btw . 
  on top of that , you have banks that have to cover the cds covering this default . 
  long story short : a greek default will fuck up the depositors in eu banks . 
  if you think that the solution for the average citizen would be to withdraw his money now , think again : bank run = bank collapse as well . 
  there is a youtube video on a playstation game that has some voice recognition . 
  part of the intro is configuring voice commands , and the game asks you to say `` playstation '' to the mic . 
  the gamer does so and the game rejects it . 
  the gamer tries a few times more with `` playstation '' and fails . 
  he then speaks `` praystation '' and the game proceeds . 
  the guy dies laughing ( sorry fellow asians ), 
  pls reddit , find it for me, 
  but but , if the mothership goes down , the life boats around it will be visible again, 
  you have just been raped by logic, 
  he is/will be held accountable . 
  but from the info we have now it is obvious that he is :, 
  a. incompetent, 
  b. a coward who completely `` mind blocked '' during the event for which he is needed to be in command . 
  a + b caused deaths . 
  do we punish him fro being an incompetent coward ? 
  should we ? 
  not all people perform as expected ( or as trained ) under stress . 
  that is all i am saying . 
  he clearly underperformed . 
  your ( c ) point is already covered by my ( a ) , ( b ) . 
  if he was a brave competent man , then ( c ) would never have happened . 
  in your school fire scenario , teachers are expected to protect the lives of their students , and some will . 
  but some will panic ( it is part of being human ) . 
  the problem with this captain is that he was not checked ( lack or inefficiency of procedure ) . 
  you need a person who can perform under stress as per training ? 
  devise a drill that can assess this . 
  when you take such a position , you may think that you are up to the task . 
  without external testing , are you indeed up to it ? 
  most people may have never experienced panic in their lives until the event in which they are supposed to act composed . 
  tl ; dr : unless you test them/train them for stress situations , you do n't really know what they will do . 
  but what kind of punishment ? 
  life in prison ? 
  10 years ? 
  removal of license ? 
  a fine ? 
  fun fact , the `` someone '' is not a person . 
  it is the national railway company ( ose ) . 
  so it is the state owing itself . 
  does the set of ` health workers ' include any doctors ? 
  how many ? 
  will they work for free from now on ? 
  well played, 
  no true greek fallacy :-), 
  the same way you fight for peace , ehmm or fuck for virginity . 
  ok i will show myself out :-(, 
  political parties are also democratic internally - they vote on who gets on the list of the next elections . 
  so , if a party member no longer follows the party 's line ( as viewed by other party members ) , he can be stricken out . 
  nothing undemocratic about it . 
  why buy a greek scooter and not a chinese ( low price ) or japanese ( high quality ) one ? 
  sounds like a plan if we were allowed to export it . 
  tourists coming to greece specifically for smoking ? 
  hmmmmm, 
  we will need to transfer the electric energy over 1500km lines to the rich western europe . 
  all the energy will be lost as heat over the conductor lines . 
  the ships are owned by foreign companies and fly foreign flags ( panama , liberia etc ) . 
  the ships trade all over the world and may never visit greek ports ( oil tankers , bulk carriers , container ships etc ) . 
  who are you going to arrest and how ? 
  are you going to invade panama or ask the port of sydney australia to arrest a ship on your behalf ? 
  the owners of offshore companies are behind trust agreements and thus ` invisible ' . 
  greece 's mercantile does not need to sail away because it was constructed in korea/china/japan , and has never traded in greece ( we have no natural resources or heavy industry ), 
  10 years later and argentina is still exiled by international money markets . 
  lenders are still trying to siege any money invested abroad by argentina ( since argentina still owes them ) . 
  citizens lost almost all their savings when the government imposed a ` cap ' on the amount you could withdraw from banks ( not to mention the devaluation of savings ), 
  greece will be worse because :, 
  we do not have a national currency to fall-back to, 
  we do not export so much . 
  argentina had/has a strong agriculture and meat export market . 
  how do you punish a bank ? 
  if you let it go bankrupt , what happens to the savings of your citizens ? 
  how will companies that hold accounts with said bank pay their employees ? 
  jail bankers . 
  will this create money out of nothing and fill in the ` holes ' ? 
  if by ` bank ' you mean the owners of the bank ( and not its employees ) , then they are already punished because bank stock is worth 0 at the moment in greece, 
  this is called a ` bank run ' and it is guaranteed to collapse the bank and loose your savings . 
  argentinians tried to do this , and the banks closed because they could not meet the demand . 
  then the government imposed a withdrawal limit ( thus freezing your savings while they were devalued ) and the rest is history ... 
  oh really ? 
  where were they hiding all this time ? 
  are room temperature superconductors just around then corner ?
