  tito commented on the very low conflict with the german army , even though greece had a resistance force similar to his . 
  the position of eam , was that the job of the army they gathered was to be used for after the retreat of the german army . 
  i will return to this post with the source . 
  100k check wiki, 
  check wiki . 
  eam had 100k soldiers . 
  you are quoting numbers from titos army from after the end of the war . 
  at the end of 1944 tito had 600k ( according to your source ) . 
  reminder : in 1944 we entered the 2nd phase of civil war when axis retreated from greece . 
  this is the point i am talking about ( and before it of course ) . 
  there is no comparison in conflict between eam and tito vs the germans ( even after taking relative force into account ), 
  eam was busy fighting edes ( which it won ), 
  you mean that the examples i gave are false ? 
  oh wait , they are n't, 
  sweet dreams comrade . 
  eam did nothing wrong , they were just fighting the nazis :-), 
  i have a problem with eam fighting 90 % the greeks and 10 % the nazis . 
  the findings were based only on natural changes in climate , so it 's not clear whether human-caused climate change would have the same impact , jegen said . 
  and if it did , she added , the effect would n't be seen for centuries . 
  but even if anthropogenic , or human-caused , climate change impacts volcanic eruptions , people would n't see the effect in this lifetime , because the volcanic activity does n't occur immediately after the climate change , jegen said . 
  whats your excuse ? 
  of kke i guess eh ? 
  chemical ~ ~ brothers ~ ~ tsipras, 
  source checks out, 
  a proposed long haulage mission from sothis :, 
  do the mission in solo nets you 2m . 
  do it in open nets you 10m . 
  if you switch between modes after leaving sothis , the game will net you 2m . 
  add a new mission type `` escort '' ( only available in open mode ) . 
  traders ask on the chat log cmdrs to escort them for a fee . 
  you can get up to 3 cmdrs , and the game adds all cmdrs , in the same wing . 
  as an escort you will get fined if the trader gets killed . 
  the fine equals the re-buy cost of the trader 's ship, 
  if the trader gets interdicted , the whole wing drops on the same instance, 
  ta-da :-) pirates vs escorts, 
  it is known, 
  they killed keny ? 
  i did , and this it the story they tell : eam fought greeks more than it fought the germans . 
  homework : go to wiki , and see all battles of eam vs nazis . 
  add up the casualties . 
  then check the casualties against greeks . 
  puts on flame-suit, 
  extinction level ivent ( level 5 ), 
  fatalities \u03b1\u03bb\u03ac mortal combat, 
  course : \u03ad\u03bd\u03bd\u03bf\u03b9\u03b5\u03c2 , subject : \u03b2\u03af\u03b1 , level : intro 101, 
  elon : come work for me doing 14hrs/day , 6days/week with me breathing fire on you ( but get to work on one of the best companies in the world ), 
  project2501a : no, 
  elon : ( pulls out a gun , punches project2501a ) , oh yes you will, 
  project2501a : ok , just no more \u03b2\u03af\u03b1, 
  elon : come work for me doing 14hrs/day , 6days/week with me breathing fire on you ( but get to work on one of the best companies in the world ), 
  project2501a : no, 
  hence capitalism  socialism . 
  yes but we finally got our flying brick !, 
  greek casualties, 
  keyword : greek, 
  meaning : greeks killed by eam, 
  i love that you keep dancing around the subject . 
  keep it up , we are clapping to your rhythm, 
  salty kke detected, 
  will not be dissapointed , best money spent, 
  solid logic 10/10 !, 
  delicious !, 
  you dance with their friends ( and alies ) , the communists, 
  there was this agreement ... molotov something something ... 
  rings a bell ? 
  in other news , pro tip : breathe in order to avoid suffocation, 
   why is it like this ? 
  because it is nationalized . 
  do you have another choice ? 
  nope . 
  will anyone get fired or disciplined for giving to you such a shitty service ? 
  nope . 
  you are the customer , but you are not paying them . 
  they get payed by the state . 
  so they lick the @@ s of the state , while they bury you in unnecessary paperwork . 
  this is dimosio ( kicks danieljamesgillen into the pit of state employees ), 
  ( * ) dimosio means state sector, 
  til germany is responsible for syrian war, 
  i see , facts are not a problem but language is . 
  you got me comrade . 
  you win, 
  on topic :, 
  dept/gdp 1970-1974 :20 %, 
  dept/gdp 1974-1992 ( nd , pasok , pasok , nd ) 100 %, 
  4 . cry, 
   you are a greek talking to a greek in english about greek history ? 
  seriously ? 
   language is never a problem . 
  using language as an excuse just diminishes any expectation to be taken seriously . 
  i agree my friend , i can not take you seriously , but i find you very amusing . 
  please go on, 
  sauron is dead, 
  no rape . 
  no rape . 
  on topic :, 
  dept/gdp 1970-1974 :20 %, 
  dept/gdp 1974-1992 ( nd , pasok , pasok , nd ) 100 %, 
  this is greece . 
  dating level : pro, 
  danger level : extinction,
