from the article : `` their genus name , deinacrida , is greek for terrible grasshopper '' . 
  this is incorrect . 
  deinacrida from deinos meaning mighty should be translated to mighty grasshopper . 
  edit : lol for getting a downvote . 
  wiki is also wrong on this one . 
  dinosaur ( \u03b4\u03b5\u03b9\u03bd\u03bf\u03c3\u03b1\u03c5\u03c1\u03bf\u03c2 - deinosayros in greek ) means mighty lizard . 
  same word root . 
  most people skip the `` on average '' part , which is a reasonable assumption , and start a `` you are a racist '' rant . 
  they do n't even think that out of the 3 possililities : a  b , b < a , b = a the last one is also the least possible one even if we look at it from a pure mathematical standpoint -- the average values of two different sets of numbers will most probably not be the same . 
  droping the a-bomb on japan was the best thing to do considering the alternative -- a massive invasion of japan by the us forces . 
  check out projected body counts for invasion/defence plans :, 
  operation downfall = us attack plan, 
  operation ketsu-go = japan 's defence plan, 
  when i ask people if they would rather do nothing ( not droping the bomb ) and let millions die on the ensuing conventional invasion ,, 
  or do something which leads to thousands dying instead ( droping the bomb ) , they always select the no bomb option . 
  even if you define `` race '' by something simplistic ( color , dick size ) and `` intelligence '' by something even more simplistic ( ability to sync farts to guitar hero keystrokes , while solving rubik 's cube ) , you will -- most probably -- get different average `` fart hits - cube solutions '' per `` dick size '' group/set . 
  you must find a very specific definition of `` race '' and `` intelligence '' in order to guarantee that an averages measurement of the second will give the same result across `` sets '' of the first ( race ) . 
  i am gon na buy a console and guitar hero just to see how good i am on this little thought experiment of mine :-), 
   from what i have read ,, 
  read where ? 
  link ? 
  source ? 
   also , why drop 2 at the same time ? 
  why not just drop one and then wait for the reaction before dropping the other ? 
  this is what they did . 
  after the first they requested immediate surrender . 
  this did not happen and dropped the second . 
  if they wanted to drop both simultaneously they could have done it on the same day . 
  is that what you call skill ? 
  weapon switching between two weapons , and basic wasd movement ( not to mention lack of any vehicular combat ) ? 
  try ut2004 : 12 weapons ( two fire modes each , some with combos ) , vehicles , translocator in ctf , vehicles in onslaught mode , wall dodge , double jump , lift jumps , dodging ( double strafing thingy ) , dodge jumping , shield jumps , linking team mates for boost , adrenaline system for speed , damage , shield , invisibility , power-ups , etc , etc , etc, 
  example : ( weapons are hidden on this one but you can see the swapping by the captions and the projectiles ), 
  i am not bashing on cs , but come-on, 
  let the downvote begin :-), 
  i guess you are right , it was only soldiers dying during these conventional bombings of cities during ww2 ... oh wait !, 
  not only that : the us plan demanded that japanese civilians should be treated as targets ( because of the kamikaze problems they faced so far , they would treat them as potential kamikazes ) . 
  the big numbers would have been civilians , as they always are . 
  read the related articles to my wiki link . 
  the known fact is that japan surrendered * after * the second bombing . 
  link me to a date of surrender before 6th august . 
  both cities were industrial centers . 
  if the us wanted to be real terrorist bastards about it , they could bomb tokyo . 
  the population density would produce even more casualties and terror . 
  i liked your cutoff scenario a lot . 
  doing a naval aerial cutoff of japan should have been piece of cake . 
  plus why keep fighting and win the war , when you can stop , let them regroup , level the playing field , and start again . 
  you have a point about bombing cities to dust , since it * never * leads to civilian casualties . 
  smart bomb ( positronic brain bombs ) were very common back then :-), 
  this is the message that the soviets got : shit !, 
  we should get one of these too . 
  result : through espionage ( probably the best ever ) they got a scientist from the manhatan project and they build their own a few years later . 
  i wonder why ?? 
  boom headshot !, 
  ( rearranges mouse into optimum position on mousepad ), 
  this is what you get with the lock feature plus the enemy indicators ( you know where they are even when out of view ) :, 
  you both lock onto each other , hold down fire and pray that the other dude had some damage already . 
  no way to break out of fights , dodge , use real aiming skills, 
  next !, 
  unreal tournament 2004 ( always online ) . 
  easily 200 $, 
  so many hours doing shock combos , and squashing people with my manta :, 
  socialism : going to the supermarket and the selves are empty, 
  capitalism : going to the supermarket that has everything , but you do n't have the money to buy something . 
  difference : in capitalism , if you work hard you will receive . 
  in socialism what you can possibly get is already set . 
  when a limit on what you can get is set , regardless of your efforts , you would minimize your effort . 
  effort/gain ratio will remain the same, 
  here is your down-vote for being inaccurate :-), 
  there are no socialist eu countries . 
  all are free markets . 
  do not confuse public services : army , police , fire-dept , education , health, 
  with production : cars , airplanes , electronics , food , etc, 
  have you ever worked in a socialist economy ? 
  specifically did you work in an environment that regardless of effort gave you the same amount of income . 
  if yes , why ( if ) did you work more/better than you co-worker ? 
  could you specify what is `` not free '' with respect to market in eu countries ? 
  in a socialist state , all your funding comes from the state , regardless of the quality of your product , or even the need of your product . 
  a socialist state , will pay out salaries etc to the state airplane industry , even if they have sold 0 aircraft for the last 5 years , without any chance of selling any in the near future . 
  the low ranking has nothing to do with the `` free market '' statement . 
  read your own source : http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking.aspx ( read why these countries got the low index . 
  the heritage explains it ), 
  the low index is due to the slow bureaucratic procedures delaying your business start and busting your b@@ls . 
  this will be your business , not a state position awarded to you . 
  bonus question : where did they inherit these monolithic bureaucratic procedures ? 
  they are free markets . 
  ** the theory holds that within the ideal free market , property rights are voluntarily exchanged at a price arranged solely by the mutual consent of sellers and buyers **, 
  you have that on all eu countries . 
  failing to deliver this economic freedom results in a fine . 
  i can sense a counter-argument `` hey milk prices are set on country x '' :-), 
  i agree . 
  there are people who work without ( monetary ) gain ( i assume they get emotional satisfaction ) . 
  i guess it is our dna screaming `` evolution motherfuckers '' while waiving its telomeres, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telomere in the air . 
  there is such a big energy benefit on working as little as possible for as much as possible . 
  can someone draw an angry chromosome waiving its telomere ? 
  can you name one country with a `` free market '' under your definition ? 
  one completely devoid of government interference ? 
  i would like to visit said country and lend money to people with a mortgage on their body parts . 
  you do n't pay , i chop your arm off . 
  without any government interference , and with contracts backing me up , i will be a `` hands '' collector very fast ( reminds me of a certain theatrical play ),
