  what do you expect from an apologetic whose main argument is that communist and nazi crimes against humanity were done by atheists , thus atheism is bad . 
  as if kkk burns crosses in the name of white robe wearing :-), 
  i respond with : `` which one '' ? 
  choosing from a pool of 5000 candidates is no easy task my friend . 
  -- huston we have a problem, 
  -- corinthians 1:10, 
  -- roger that control, 
  stop uploading this video !, 
  the stupid/sec of this video is about to create a singularity . 
  he is wrong about the equality of women and about the slavery . 
  both are ok in the bible . 
  in ancient sparta the role of women was to be equal to men . 
  modern religions are the zenith of sexism : only male priests ( who act like females in bed ), 
  i always picture meeting god as the end of a candid camera sketch . 
  you lol , and you are slightly embarrassed that you did n't get the joke earlier . 
  so the question would be :, 
  what was more difficult to pull : billion year fossils or light in `` transit '' to look like it was emitted billion years ago ? 
  they set us up the server, 
  a `` mysteriously working '' one :-), 
  spawn killers :-), 
  the awesome , it hurts :-), 
  when you die , your entire porn collection flashes before your eyes . 
  your last thought is that you should have deleted some of it :-), 
  the laughs of the cameramen in the background magnify the lol x1000, 
  limit public spending and boost private business by ... oh wait wrong answer, 
  saved , my precious :-), 
  we need more people like him to bring enthusiasm for science for the public . 
  classic greek mentality ( i am greek btw ) : even in the brink of destruction , you try to get on top and crush the `` other/opposing '' guy . 
  nea dimokratia tries to `` blame '' the oncoming poverty on pasok which took the austerity measures , without giving an alternate proposal ( no measures = no eu/imf loan = bankruptcy ) . 
  i think we have an ig nobel winner here :-), 
  creditors looooooose their money , greece gets a `` trusted by no-one '' new currency ( probably super-inflated very soon ) and euro looses ground to other currencies . 
  edit : looooooose see below :-), 
  i want my ut4 :-(, 
  sensilibities, 
  i play on euro servers fg ( fair games ) . 
  me too , waiting for my ut2010 :-), 
  he was just trying to get faster to that `` after life '' thingy where he porks juliet , kate wears a super hot dress and the redhead becomes fap material . 
  oh i see , time travel !, 
  so the show was good , sry my bad :-), 
  help my limited attention span with the following , if you can pls :, 
  why did they want the kids ? 
  how did walt find the hatch , and how did he get remote-shell on darma 's computer terminal ? 
  :-) hieroglyphics for display wtf ? 
  so darma corked the tube -- ok . why did they leave one guy to operate this manually ? 
  ( you see this is where good sci-fi writing comes . 
  you have a mighty team of scientists and engineers that leave the most important piece of `` apparatus '' built on the island to be operated by a single cast away . ), 
  the island can time travel , but so can daniel 's bunny rabbits in his lab , what 's up with that ? 
  what 's the no kill deal between ben and whitmore ? 
  why could n't michael kill him self ? 
  etc etc etc, 
  plus a guy that hears the dead for good measure . 
  i can not think of a possible plot line that was not included in the script of lost . 
  `` dude '' we were totally trolled hahahahaha, 
  unreal tournament 2004 onslaught or ctf . 
  you will never master this game :-), 
  very unfriendly to beginners unfortunately, 
  food for thought : why go through an armed blokade , and not through egyptian borders ? 
  the mission was a statement from both sides :, 
  tr ) we will go through , just dare attack us, 
  idf ) no you will not , we do n't care about pr fallout . 
  the humanitarian mission was just pretence ( not for the people participating in it , but for those organizing it ) . 
  put yourself in the place of the organizer of an honest humanitarian mission . 
  would you put expose your crew to maximum danger , or try to complete your mission using the easiest path ( egypt ) . 
  does egypt have a blokade against palestine ? 
  you mean that they disallow exports from egupt going to gaza ? 
  if you like razor1911 -- , 
  so no more intel chips eh ? 
  i loled :-), 
  i have to point out that all countries do decide who interacts with them . 
  experiment : load stuff onto a vessel , approach my country 's coast ( greece ) , do not follow the coastal guard instructions nor declare your cargo/allow search of it if prompted , then come back here and post results . 
  israel says that if you want to get shit shipped there , it has to go through them ( i think they have a designated port ) . 
  it is their country and these are their rules . 
  if you do n't like them , do n't interact with that country . 
  unless greece had a blockade against turkey : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockade, 
  ( the last quoted blockade is ironically of turkey against armenia ), 
  there are very few people here on reddit that pay attention to the fact that israel is enforcing a blockade . 
  your example is fine for countries that are not in conflict . 
  they are at war with hamas , and hamas controls gaza . 
  there are periods of cease fire , but none in their right mind would say that hamas and israel have peace . 
   a blockade is an act of war, 
  not always , see : pacific blockade, 
  also un does blockades and , of course , it does not declare war , nor do the blockaded countries . 
  you are playing with words and you miss the reality of the situation : israel and palestinians are in a `` vendetta '' status . 
  each side can quote examples of wrong doing of the other side , that justifies whatever they currently do . 
  there will never be peace there , until one of the two completely wins and takes over all the disputed territories . 
  if they are not at war , how would you describe their relationship with hamas to someone unfamiliar with the territory : peace ? 
  both are in an agreed state of cease fire : israel beefs about the rockets during the cease fire . 
  you too are entangled with wording and do not look into the reality : these people hate each other as much as humanly possible, 
  no it can not . 
  it has to be proved guilty by a court based on evidence and not lack of it . 
  they can be penalized for tampering with the evidence , if this is also proved to be true . 
  i am not a native english speaker , but i think you can censor another party to prevent `` broadcast '' of information that they have . 
  censoring material that belongs to you ( after confiscation ) seems odd . 
  ... teach a man to fish and he 'll buy a funny hat, 
  if we pray hard enough , god is going to see his 6000 years old error , and replace all oil reserves with dilithium crystals . 
  on reddit , things are illegal because we say so . 
  do n't confuse us with facts :-), 
  the killing was not backed by a political ideology , therefore you are comparing potatoes to microchips ( sry for the pun lol ), 
  of course it had a reason einstein , everything does . 
  so if i point out that your comparison of `` land grabbing genocide '' to `` political crimes '' is not valid , i am actually supporting genocide ?
