   we do not believe that it will be possible to reach a 3.5 per cent of gdp primary surplus by relying on hiking already high taxes levied on a narrow base , cutting excessively discretionary spending , and counting on one-off measures as has been proposed in recent weeks . 
  the additional adjustment effort of 2 per cent of gdp would only be credible based on long overdue public sector reforms , notably of the pension and tax system . 
   unfortunately , the contingency mechanism that greece is proposing does not include such reforms . 
  instead , the authorities have offered to make short-term across-the-board cuts in discretionary spending -- which has already been compressed to the point where the provision of public service is severely compromised -- or transitory cuts in pension and wages not supported by fundamental parametric reforms . 
  based on past performance , such ad-hoc measures are not very credible , but they are also undesirable as they add to uncertainty and fail to resolve the underlying imbalances . 
  i should also add that greece has legislated a dozen contingency-type mechanisms in the past that have largely not worked . 
  logic checks out . 
  go to a res zone ( resource extraction zone ) and kill pirates to get some money . 
  res zones are found in planets with a ring . 
  wait for sexurity ships to start attacking a pirate and the start your attack . 
  buy something decent , with a class fsd and start roaminf for better missions . 
  you guessed it !, 
  max wing size is 4 !, 
  4 players vs 1 player + 3 npcs, 
  max wing size is 4 . 
  so they wo n't bring npcs if they already have a full wing of their mates, 
  if you read my transcript above , the npcs was what drove them away . 
  they added some dps to my fight , and the gang against me had a constant fire on them while they were trying to keep their ships out of my sights ( i was flying a vette ) . 
  otherwise the second 3vs1 fight would end up like the first one : me high waking, 
  as you read on my description above , i do n't mind the interdict or the fight , i was playing open after all . 
  i am commenting on the fact that a 3vs1 fight was `` balanced '' by the games cops showing up . 
  this could be a game feature . 
  anyway gg 's , see you next time , probably need to change to fixed :-), 
  imagine 3 engineered vettes with elite npcs and fixed weapons , with an `` attack my target '' order focus firing your fdl while i also try to get you in my sights . 
  of course a well coordinated human wing will be better , but having some ai help will give a reason for fighting . 
  as it is now : interdicted , oh 3vs1 , cool bye ( high wakes ) , no fun for anyone . 
  will check . 
  this was my first pvp fight , will need to fit a better ship and join, 
  good find !, 
  100euros per second * 0 seconds of filmed time = 0 euros, 
  yeah , they monetized the shit out of it alright . 
  we are detached from reality . 
  we make magic numbers in our heads , and fantasise that civilians , business , etc are just going to bend over and use our services . 
  taxation logic in greece is similar : why do n't we tax with a higher rate ? 
  we are gon na get more money , right ? ^ right ? 
  this is greece ( kicks logic down the dark pit ), 
  selfish gene ? 
  read it , then resume this thread, 
  good point . 
  a limit of 2 wings per instance could solve this, 
  1st : i am not saying it should be free, 
  2nd : having a monopoly is a good thing for our state , but the price point should be such that it maximises time filmed . 
  if all time is allocated per year , then you can increase prices up to a point where you see a drop in revenues because of fewer filming bookings . 
  you got your optimal price . 
  our state placed an arbitrary high price and it waiting for suckers . 
  oh look , a bridge from tron, 
  \u0395\u03af\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 well defined , calculated , and experimentally checked . 
  planck time , related to planck length . 
  how many movies shot at archaeological sites this year ? 
  right ? 
  federal corvette is tough . 
  they flew dropships , eagle , fdls, 
  from what i read some pvpers group with cutters . 
  well that would be hell, 
  hmmm that 's a tough one lem me thing . 
  roger incoming lz is hot, 
  ( hue hue hue ), 
  save a syrizaios from crashlanding today . 
  you can, 
   bruder speculates that such variation is a natural occurrence that accumulates with age in everyone . 
  `` i believe that the genome that you 're born with is not the genome that you die with -- at least not for all the cells in your body , '' he says, 
   charles lee , a geneticist at brigham and women 's hospital in boston , agrees . 
  genetic variations can arise after a double strand of dna breaks when exposed to ionizing radiation or carcinogens . 
  `` it reminds us to be careful about our environment because our environment can help to change our genome , '' he says . 
  edwses pasa, 
  yes, 
  it used to be our national sport . 
  now it is our national product . 
  soon it will be our national science contribution, 
  play away comrades . 
  the nickname is a trap, 
  play ut over isdn with 200ms ping, 
  buy dsl, 
  play ut2004 with 80ms ping . 
  metallic like the core of jupiter . 
  liquid crushed under the pressure of billions of atmospheres, 
  i will go now ... 
  remember to pay your respects to r/pasok, 
  we are the borg . 
  downvoting is futile, 
  problem solved, 
  a. technically no , practically yes . 
  tsipras should be taught in political sciences ' cources . 
  he proved how gullible people really are , and he has shown the way for others to follow . 
  just bullshit to the max , and people will follow your pipe dreams . 
  all leaders lie . 
  tsipras took it to a whole new level . 
  do the following test : write down the things he promised and what he delivered . 
  try to find a greek politician with a worse or equally bad performance . 
  lotr has less myths than tsipra 's financial program . 
  syriza 's political promises is fantasy on steroids, 
  nice downvotes guys . 
  downvote him some more and maybe your brain will erase the lies tsipras used to get your votes . 
  pro tip : close eyes and ears and sing along lalalalallaal tsipras did not say these things, 
  edit :, 
  the word liberal has lost its meaning . 
  it was used for supporters of liberty ( financial and social ) , but today it is used to describe leftists . 
  the simplest solution to the sweetshop saleman problem : if you are getting sweets you dont get to vote . 
  public servant ? 
  no vote,
