  i think the law has been voted but it does not fit the budget yet . 
  they have launched an investigation on the reasons that led us to imf in 2009 . 
  they are investigating years 2009 to 2015 ( this is not a typo , they are investigating after the fact ), 
  best rant , 10/10 , upvoted, 
  pfffff , low level noobs :-), 
  no , i do n't think the natives want any interference from both countries, 
  if turkey meets the standards for entry , why not ? 
  both of course . 
  are you high ? 
  stand up comedy 24/7 , what more can you ask for ? 
  nope . 
  tinder is your friend, 
  source : have clicked everyone for 1 hit, 
  hahaha welcome , enjoy your stay, 
  re file , einai epikh trollia ths avgis . 
  twra syggnwmh , 8ewreis oti einai sovaro ayto pou grafei to ar8ro ? 
  dont expect to get laid with local girls . 
  too hard to get . 
  in order to understand greece , dont try to make sense out of anything :-), 
  excellent of course / s :-), 
  35 billion euro withdrawn/transferred on the 3 months of syriza government . 
  greek bond yield 26 % . 
  on par with 3rd world countries, 
  greek excluded from quantitative easing . 
  europe is printing money , and greece is excluded . 
  11 billion euro of efsf have been taken away from greek accounts when syriza declared that they were going to use the funds for executing their pre-election program . 
  a law that transferred all funds from the municipalities ' bank accounts to the state bank accounts . 
  city mayors complain . 
  same happened with all pension funds . 
  a deal with the employers of the state energy industry to have an extra 7euro per day for snacks . 
  these are the highest paid greek state employees at an average salary cost of 4400 euro per month ( source q4 salary cost 2014 divided by the 19000 employees ), 
  they have launched an investigation on the reasons that led us to imf in 2009 . 
  they are investigating years 2009 to 2015 ( this is not a typo , they are investigating after the fact ), 
  tl ; dr : syriza has promised everything , delivered nothing . 
  economy has been nuked from space, 
  santorini is very difficult for walking/bicycle . 
  you will want to stay up high to enjoy the view , while beaches are far away . 
  rent a scooter . 
  in what way ? 
  on every economic metric they have done worse . 
  on the political side they are just a shit , by employing family members into state positions . 
  the previous party was pretty bad , but nothing compared to this mess we have with syriza . 
  re file apo thn stigmh pou ta kseroun kai to paradexesai , ti kaneis qq gia to ypoti8emeno email . 
  confidential memo : the sky is blue, 
  always relevant :, 
  riiiight ... 
  good thinking . 
  in the same line , i think that if i die , i will resurrect as a super hero, 
  you cant have social policy without money . 
  syriza promised the earth and the sky on the social front , we are still waiting ... 
  defaulting for greece is the death of its economy . 
  argentina says hi, 
  we are not talking about the world 's end mate . 
  argentina continues to wave from the distance ( go lend them some money like the good boy you are , cause noone else is ), 
  argentina defaulted more than a decade ago . 
  goodnight mate, 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_development_bank ), 
  question : is there free lunch ? 
  greek government : yes there is, 
  the perpetual free money and lunch machine , is scheduled for release in greece in q3 2015 , stay tuned for more, 
  sry wrong link :, 
  markets have n't been lending them since 2001-2002 mate . 
   markets will eventually ( in less than another year ) regain confidence , and interest rates will drop . 
  whatever you say oracle, 
  le vismatouar authentique, 
  welcome to the 21st century , enjoy your stay, 
  ask and you shall receive . 
  read with caution, 
  the devaluation of the new drachma is expected to be more than 50 % ( bank of greece , stated 70 % in 2012 when our economy was not as bad as it is now ), 
  are we going to have 50 % growth ? 
  it will not . 
  leaving the euro will make repayment practically impossible due to the devaluation of the new currency . 
  we will have to default on the debt when we switch currency . 
  300 billion euro would be nice :-), 
  there comes a time in every wedding when you notice that the bride is about 8 stories tall and is a crustacean from the protozoic era . 
  eimai me mobile . 
  at the start ? 
  you mean like in argentina where it is at 12 % ( officially , 25 % in reality ) ? 
  this is 14 years after the default . 
  can you even math bro ? 
  50 % devaluation means that your debt just got `` bigger '' by 50 % . 
  by the way , we import everything from countries with hard currencies : oil , electronics , cars , trucks , tractors , machinery , chemicals , medicine , computers , etc, 
  which of the above do we produce locally ? 
  on the same graph you omitted the dates of the default . 
  look the drop at the 2002 mark . 
  it took them 6-8 years to get to 2002 levels . 
  gdp dropped from 300 to 100 !!!!, 
  on top of that , argentina was lucky enough to start exports in the big global economic boom of 2001-2008 . 
  is the world economy of 2008 the same as of 2015 ? 
  which of these re man ? 
  oil , electronics , cars , trucks , tractors , machinery , chemicals , medicine , computers ,, 
  \u03a0\u03b7\u03b3\u03ae 2 : bloomberg ( http://www.iefimerida.gr/news/202308/bloomberg-giati-gelaei-o-varoyfakis-ehoyn-fygei-apo-tin-ellada-62-dis-eyro ), 
  but there are enough fish for the free fish 'n' chips for 300,000 families . 
  the locally produced pharmaceuticals are just a fraction of the ones needed . 
  the pharmaceuticals of the latest generation ( cancer drugs ) are not produced locally . 
  reality check : you need oil in order to refine oil . 
  where does the oil come from ? 
  argentina defaulted in 2002 and it went from a gdp of ~ 320bn to a gdp of ~ 120bn . 
  this mate , is an omission . 
  i know how to read , and i know bullshit when i see it .
