  do n't follow me if you ca n't look at the facts, 
  you are missing the magic power of wishful thinking of our government . 
  edit : the source of the info is even funnier, 
  correct . 
  losers it is then . 
  loosen up mate, 
  upvoted bring more, 
  edit : eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhh, 
  afou den pshfisa re tsiriza, 
  examiner : hello , i am mr. s , what 's your name ? 
  freakasso : i do n't think . . 
  i do n't know, 
  stay tuned, 
  we weather very bestly, 
  correct !, 
  part ii :, 
  public string m_description ;, 
  list < topic  gschizastopics = new list < topic  ( ) ;, 
  amen . 
  this is how the article should have ended as the good prayer it is . 
  tl ; dr : have vision , we will fix europe 's design faults ( probably because we just fixed greece 's and we have time to spare ) , development bank, 
  does n't matter ; will read :, 
  all his plan needs is a financial source - his new development bank . 
  this is going to be `` linked '' to the european investment bank and the juncker plan . 
  he does not go into details on how this bank is going to be capitalized ( which portions of the greek state property is specifically going to be used , how much is greek collateral worth , are investors going to fund on its full value , does syriza anti-privatization wing agree , what are the terms on the collateral , are investors free to sell it giving full property rights to buyers etc ) . 
  with this newly found `` magic money '' all comes easy in the next steps . 
  the magic bank will help the `` bad-bank '' ( where all bad loans are dumped ) turn a profit , and it will flood the greek economy with money . 
  the only part of his blurred vision that is somehow `` specific '' is this :, 
   deregulate the market for natural gas, 
  consider the french bilateral contracts model in the regulation of the electricity power and distribution sector ( without however privatising the existing power generating company ), 
   deregulate product specifications ( e.g. 
  dairy products , non-prescription pharmaceuticals ), 
   simplify business licensing ( in close cooperation with the world bank ), 
  legislate the inclusion of all discounts into retailers invoices ( to limit supermarkets ' oligopoly power over their local suppliers ), 
   strengthen the competition commission and empower it with its own budget and revenue raising capacity . 
  i agree that this will be a good thing . 
  you are the fucking minister of finance . 
  do n't preach it 3 months after taking office , do it !, 
  ( sorry for the uppercase ) , but we are paying him to act . 
  if the law framework does not help him , he has to draft a new law and bring it to the parliament, 
  do n't have tweeter . 
  thanks, 
  mini kafros einai autos :-), 
  you are always welcome as a tourist . 
  you will also find things cheaper , but always keep an open eye for people trying to defraud you ( taxis for example ), 
  enjoy your stay . 
  if you are female pm me :-), 
   http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/currency, 
  with ir vision, 
  she will come out of the bush to my left , and i will say :, 
  clever girl, 
  your tears are so delicious :-), 
  just because you do this , doesnt mean everyone does . 
  neither am i. 
  i guess you are a lovely lady who gets all the attention in the world, 
  this link was blocked because it contains a malware . 
  wtf did you link from ? 
  barracuda, 
  as expected . 
  poly shmatiko to shmeio ayto gia to poso 8a mas er8ei h lyphterh, 
  all monetary systems are flawed . 
  also : bears shit in the woods and the sky is blue . 
  eu had rules for state deficits in order to keep things in check and have a stable system . 
  what they lacked was auditing ( troika ) and a whip ( ecb ) . 
  eu learned the hard way that looking the other way while a country ( greece for example ) is running a 10 % deficit , is not sustainable . 
  so we now have troika auditing all eu members and making sure that deficits are in check . 
  we also have ecb with very specific rules on the amount of money that a state can borrow from its own banks . 
  there were/are problems , and there will always be problems . 
  the rules are changed in order to have a better system , and so far it seems this is working for countries that follow the rules . 
  can we also have this `` problem '' of current account surplus please ? 
  some people have a `` too much money problem '' and are forced to live in big mansions where you have to walk 500 meters from your bedroom to the pool . 
  is n't this the correct image for the meme ? 
  should n't they have plan a first ? 
   euronews :, 
  qe ( quantative easing ) ? 
  reality . 
  greek bonds are held by the institutions described above . 
  the greek debt is in bonds and loans to imf and ecb . 
  thus ... 
  why should i do google searches for you ? 
  anyway ask and you shall receive : ( searching the data yourself will set you free by the way ), 
  quantitative easing :, 
  our exclusion from qe is talked about every day , but anyway , in case you do n't follow news at all :, 
  \u0393\u03bb\u03ad\u03b6\u03bf\u03c2 called , he wants his quotes back . 
  going on a tangent . 
  lol, 
  corrected below, 
  the deal is going to impoverish the people , this is for sure . 
  the alternative is going to impoverish the people even more through devaluation . 
  the choice is poorr vs super poor . 
  most people ( and from what you write you seem to be between them ) think that the choice is `` same as now '' vs poor . 
  such choice does not exist . 
   so , if our government is willing to embrace the reforms that our partners expect , why have the negotiations not produced an agreement ? 
  where is the sticking point ? 
  the sticking point is trust : eu and imf do not trust us . 
  all sounds good and sparkly , but for 4 decades we have pulled the same trick . 
  we made promises to change , we got the money , passed laws and failed to implement them . 
  the broken trust was created by the previous government , but it remains . 
  a change of government does not restore trust , but actions can . 
  trust is build day by day by agreeing on something and delivering it .
