  you are presented with links to the international governing agreements for blockades , still you think israel acted illegally . 
  can you provide evidence that the linked documents are invalid/forged/bogus ? 
  humanitarian ? 
  lol !, 
  why place the crew and passengers of the flotilla ships in fatal danger ? 
  are n't they human enough ? 
  why not go escorted to the designated port , items been scanned/forwarded as per usual procedure ? 
  why did n't they try through egypt ? 
  why did n't they sail to north korea for starters ? 
  if this was just a noble cause , why not help the people who are starving first , and then gazans . 
  i will agree with you on the stupidity of having chocolate , jam , etc on the list . 
  as for the cause : inept bureaucrats making lists . 
  i have witnessed this first hand with lists made to keep costs down , where instant coffee and filters were allowed , but not the coffee maker machine . 
  no we are talking about your stupidity approaching infinity . 
  the ethnic cleansing of jews by germans was based on the political ideology of nazism which supports the idea of the superiority of one race over the other , which led to the killing of other races . 
  the hungarian comparison is between these two inhuman political ideologies : nazis killed `` inferior '' people , communists killed `` hostile '' classes ( rich , enemies of the state etc ), 
  when you are done raging , pull your head out of your ass and get a spell checker pls :-), 
  just breaaaathe . 
  the moment we start hearing about suicide hare-krishnas or suicide mormons ( scientologists etc etc ) , we will indeed `` disconnect '' in our minds , islam from terrorism . 
  better fix that caps key before it takes on your entire posts :-), 
  ca n't , i live on another continent . 
  good job on that caps . 
  i am stuck with the connection to islam . 
  mormons and christians kill , but is it done in the name of joseph smith or jesus ? 
  the most hard core us christians will say that `` god is on our side '' , but you will not hear from them : `` god has asked us to go kill all the infidels '' . 
  for islam , killing the infidel is a fundamental principle . 
  gw said that and western secular society called him an idiot ( his voters included ) . 
  i do n't see that critique made for islamic religious figures telling their flock to go kill the infidel . 
  i am 99.9 % that god did not talk to the bomber because god does not exist . 
  i am 100 % sure that another person persuaded him that killing civilians and himself is what god wants of him ( and this is what islam says ) . 
  people have the right to defend their country , but how is killing enemy civilians a `` defense '' ? 
  if those people strapped bombs on them and attached enemy positions i would call them heroes . 
  killing civilians makes them brain-washed terrorists . 
  i think he deserves his own subreddit . 
  you are probably trolling me , but just in case your post is really genuine : are you insane ? 
  civilians being proper targets ? 
  wtf dude ? 
  very difficult to pull that trick on a vessel which is expecting some sort of sabotage . 
  they will cut the fuel to the engine ( emergency stop ) . 
  even though the vessel has momentum and will continue to sail , the prop will stop almost instantaneously . 
  tug boats are also worthless against a fully powered vessel . 
  they will be going round in circles until the tug boats run out of fuel ( and they will before the passenger vessel ), 
  i am not a native english speaker , but i can not find the passage where he says `` it is ok to board and murder civilians in international waters '' . 
  did you check his quoted sources and found them to be untrue ? 
  if yes please post about that instead . 
  edit : punctuation , grammar lol . 
  there is a small mystery why they chose to let people live on board the other vessels . 
  minor detail : israel is enforcing a blockade , and as such it has the power to stop and search vessels that try to go through . 
  blockade info starts at section 93 . 
  because radar does not work at night eh ? 
  on a small boat the distance bow to propeller is very small and there is little time for the prop to stop rotating . 
  this is not the case with a  100m vessel . 
  enlighten us please, 
  they are young , and not up to speed about how the economy works . 
  imo , you need to work for some time in order to understand ` why ' you need the supermarket business , even if the owner makes more money than yourself . 
  but before we do that , i recommend we visit a country where everything is already like burned to the ground , and their system is based on total equality . 
  yes !, 
  north korea here we come !, 
  yes , but they may be a group of individuals pretending to be anarchists . 
  my conspiracy sense is tingling . 
  i used the search facility , but failed to locate info on running a supermarket , or a currency system . 
  please help . 
  yeah , let 's see you try hitting a building on a small planet rotating around a star , rotating around the galaxy center , rotating on the local cluster , probably in one of all possible mutliverse ( s ) . 
  i say hitting that church across the street is pretty impressive . 
  i think we tried that system 4000 years ago . 
  why go back to it ? 
  you will see the vessel about to drop the rope , approaching your bow, 
  when you compare the two , it is clear that capitalism works better than communism . 
  try to name one successfull communist state . 
  allow me to name a few successfull capitalist :, 
  sweden , norway , denmark , finland , canada , switcherland , germany , uk , france , spain , japan , new zeland , australia , netherlands . 
  just because capitalism has not worked for all countries , this does not mean we should try a system that has worked for none . 
  i see , the captain of the turkish vessel was an idiot , easily fooled by a trick discussed by two nerds on reddit . 
  i have beed on board a tanker on dangerous waters ( african coast ) , and i can assure you that the deck was full of crew on the watch for anything `` fishy '' . 
  it is not only a good idea to keep a watch , it is also standard procedure . 
  ask your self : why do n't somalian pirates use this super-method of yours ? 
  onion delivers , every fucking time :-), 
  ... and we all have wrong priorities if we discuss about israel instead of this article . 
  i did n't know this shit was happening there . 
  wtf local media !!, 
  are n't you supposed to be dead ? 
  calm the fuck down , oh shit caps is on, 
  fuck , now my caps lock is on too, 
  unfortunately my desperation did not go undetected , and i also stand corrected my good sir . 
  your methods show a true commander and knower of maritime sabotage . 
  we will try to convey your info to israel in order to prevent future blockade incidents . 
  the combination of helicopter drops with scuba tank powered launchers was the one that did it for me . 
  once more : bravo !!!, 
  and if all above fails , bring on the laser sharks . 
  that will teach em . 
  lol idiot, 
  it is clearly me commander, 
  reason ? 
  this, 
  * kicks pc towe, 
  nice !, 
  linking an article for registered members only, 
  we need more replies like yours on reddit, 
  i will argue that a ut player will do better playing quake against a quake player , than the quake player will do playing him on ut . 
  10 weapons , 2-3 fire modes per weapon , dodge , dodge jump , wall jump , shield , adren powers , translocator ( ctf ) , vehicles ( onslaught ) .
