  how can gs held responsible if they did follow the rules ? 
  as a counter example : arthur andersen lost its license ( they were held responsible ) , because they broke the rules and misreported on enron . 
  we could theorise about the `` desirable morality '' of companies , but the reality is that their personnel is bound to do the best they can `` for the company '' , thus moving on the verge of the rules/laws, 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  if you allow personal property , then a business can be personal property , and thus not under worker control . 
  the common man can not be help responsible if he does not break any laws ( same with companies ) . 
  the rest of your post is out of topic : tax hikes ? 
  gs paying ( what exactly ? ), 
  because the common man is ? 
  aaaaaahaahahahahahaha retroactive laws :-) is that your solution ? 
  violating human rights ? 
  do you really want to give this power to your government ? 
  i did , the thread ended with your retroactive law `` solution '', 
  sorry for the quotes , next time i will copy paste the 2000 words from wiki . 
  is your telepathy working ok ? 
  the solution is to punish the party which is at fault , in this thread 's topic it is the minister of finance who misreported on greece 's debt before joining the eu ( he omitted the gs loans from the balance sheet ) . 
  in a way , we are indirectly `` punished '' since noone trusts our reporting anymore, 
  73 % achievement unlocked, 
  i think the eu law , does not allow `` kinking '' countries from the euro . 
  a country is free to go though . 
  nice question for a 5 year old though . 
  twitter = = condensed wisdom :-), 
  politics vs engineering : 1 - 0, 
  which one ? 
  i have a big understanding gap in all of this , if you could help :, 
  i thought that all the steps taken by eu so far , were done in order to avoid the triggering of cds ( 3-4trillion usd ) against greek bonds . 
  isda warned before hand , that exercising cacs would trigger a default ( which would trigger the cds ) . 
  85 % agreed to a voluntary haircut . 
  why did n't they just pay the remaining 15 % the full value and avoid the cdss mess ? 
  question answered thanks, 
  the question got answered by another poster : it is 3-4 billion ( not trillion ) usd . 
  i wrongly thought the amount of cds for the 15 % was 3-4trillion , so i wondered why greece and eu did not pay them 100 % of the bond value ( cheaper to eu banks that covering the cds ), 
  i know , that 's why i said `` eu banks '' . 
  eu is trying to protect the banks from collapsing . 
  juvs spammer, 
  i 'll just leave this here :, 
  ahhhh the magic money solution : leave the euro , print drachmas . 
  we ( greeks ) did that during ww2 and a coffee cost 20,000,000 drs. 
  lol !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  no need to go that far . 
  a coffee during ww2 greece cost millions of drachmas . 
  people think that you can print your way out of problems :-(, 
  in the case of greece a fast default would kill the economy with no possibility of recovery , allow me to expand ... ( ) ( ) ( ), 
  greek economy has a big trade deficit . 
  we produce very little and import almost everything : cars , machinery , fuel , medicine , electronics , etc. 
  a disorderly default in 2009 , would have halted production due to the reason above . 
  this would not give a chance to producers to change their business to an exporting one ( something which is happening now . 
  the only thing growing at the moment in greece , is exports ) . 
  tl ; dr just read the post , it 's 6 lines ffs :-), 
  giati tote den ta agorazei toso kairo to ellhniko kratos etsi wste na svhsei to 85 % tou xreous ? 
  kapou ekei teleiwse gia mena to video . 
  only one problem with greece ( i should have included it in my original reply ) : we run a huge trade deficit . 
  we do n't produce many things of value to the rest of the world . 
  my point was that you can not recover from dead , but you stand a change if treated even for a few days . 
  i agree with your out-of-topic point ( greece should not have cooked the books ) , but my point stands : printing money which is not backed-up by useful products ( tourism is indeed low because of riots and us calling our biggest customers nazis ) is not a solution . 
  check your youtube link at 1:30:00 . 
  o an8rwpos leei oti akrivws egrapsa sto post mou . 
  apo to `` giati tote den agorazei ... '' ekshgw giati to epixeirhma tou stereitai logikhs . 
  upvoted for `` jumped '', 
  0.45 e 8a dwsei to kratos sthn lhksh tou omologou tou 1 e ( katopin synfwnias psi ), 
  anti na sygrinei thn ypoxrewsh tou 1 e pou xrwstouse to kratos sthn lhksh tou omologou , me ta 0.45 e ( pou einai h nea ypoxrewsh ) , kanei thn sygkrish me thn trexousa timh sthn agora ( h opoia einai to stoixhma tou ependyth gia to an 8a xrewkophsoume ) . 
  to prwto provlhma einai oti den exei lefta na ta agorasei ( to apolytws praktiko meros ) . 
  to na sou pw oti to `` argument from authority '' einai logical fallacy einai mallon peritto afou eisai redditor . 
  ( aplh ari8mitikh , xreos , elleima , etc ), 
  b. den goustaroun na skasoun ta cds kai opoion parei o xaros sthn eurwzwnh, 
  c. einai mikroterh h zhmia tou na `` xarisoun '' ta nea daneika kai agyrista sthn ellada , apo to na katrakylisei to eurw meta apo mia atakth xrewkopia mas . 
  to monadiko pou mporoun na kanoun einai :, 
  at the same time , you may be deemed the `` wrong '' type of anarchist and be beaten up by strangers . 
  when you open the door to violence , there is `` traffic '' both ways . 
  i think we should increase the dose from 1/1 ,000,000 to 1/1 ,000,000,000, 
  are the monkeys fit though ? 
  no , you have all the humanly attainable wisdom . 
  how can you look as murdered ? 
  i do n't think aristocracy has ever been tried out . 
  thank you for making my point that aristocracy has never been tried out since qualifying based on blood lines does not guarantee any `` leader qualities '' . 
  you could argue about the practical problems of choosing the best of the best :, 
  a ) we have the iq test which correlates with problem solving , but it covers only a part of a person 's abilities . 
  b ) we could choose by a pool of successful people ( e.g. 
  bill gates , nobel price winners etc ) , but this system could be rigged easily by artificially making a successful person . 
  but still my point stands , we do not use aristocracy in our politics . 
  strangely though , we use it everywhere else : you do not expect nurses to have a say before your planned brain operation , or cleaners at nasa taking part in avionics design . 
  food for thought, 
  ctrl + enhance, 
  you get shot , your body falls into the lava . 
  load last savepoint ? 
  it does not exist for a reason : it is a pipe dream ( assuming you mean direct democracy , people voting for everything ) . 
  imagine 200 million people voting on the 2012 budget , or whether we should have taxes at all, 
  fascists are socialists undercover :, 
  `` fascists advocate a state-directed , regulated economy that is dedicated to the nation ; the use and primacy of regulated private property and private enterprise contingent upon service to the nation or state , the use of state enterprise where private enterprise is failing or is inefficient , and autarky . '', 
  tl ; dr you `` own '' the business , but you produce what the state says and you do it as the state says . 
  it is an interesting `` redefinition '' of the meaning of ownership :-), 
  not only did i read the page , i also extracted the relevant text from it :, 
  `` a state-directed , regulated economy that is dedicated to the nation ; the use and primacy of regulated private property and private enterprise contingent upon service to the nation or state '' . 
  if a state-directed , regulated economy is not a socialist economy , i think we have redefined socialism, 
  if you want to post what most men are thinking , this is the post to reply to . 
  ( also this is the day you we all hit negative karma ), 
  you seem to be born in cccp, 
  raping the bank customers/employees followed by robbery . 
  everyone is happy , upvotes all around . 
  and with these extra 10 minutes of global time freeze per day , you could use your pocket pussy everywhere .
