  however , it is clear that genital mutilation is nothing but an outdated tradition which is most importantly * irreversible * and * risky * when performed for reasons other than a medical necessity , so a specific ban is a great measure . 
  this is brilliant !, 
  the guy must have some amazing in-built sound blocking systems . 
  right before a question , the noise blockers engage . 
  ( this gives him time to think about any important issues such as where to buy his 2nd holiday home ) . 
  a few seconds before the reporter finishes , the blockers disengage . 
  the politician is annoyed by the noise , starts fidgeting . 
  interrupts the reporter . 
  this reaction gives the illusion that he ca n't wait to answer the question . 
  but in fact , he knows that at this point it 's his queue to just blurt out at random one of the 10 promises he memorised for any occasion . 
  this system is fool-proof . 
  any norwegian it/privacy lawyer or law student want to contribute here ? 
  do you have a link to a better source/analysis ? 
  i assume the law would not grant blanket access to monitor ips . 
  some kind of '' legitimate interests '' test and scrutiny must surely exist . 
  why the radical change in policy ? 
  i remember a short while ago a norwegian court refused to order telenor to grant ipr holders access to ip-names lists . 
  there was also a norwegian measure requiring isps to delete ip logs . 
  how does this sit with the echr or your constitutional right to privacy and/or any other norwegian data protection legislation ? 
  how does this sit with the ecj * promusicae * case ( where the ecj essentially decided that it 's disproportionate to put the right to property ahead of the right to privacy/data protection ) ? 
  this sounds as bad a mechanism as the hadopi . 
  do swedes and finns always argue over jewish homosexual devils who avoid their military service ? 
  well , it 's unsurprising that the ecj backs granting asylum to homosexuals . 
  the court is also very reasonable in allowing/directing the ms to check whether the asylum seekers are/are likely to be persecuted * in practice * as opposed to just * in theory * . 
  the question of asylum seekers proving their homosexuality is a different matter . 
  that 's going to be interesting . 
  the uk is already having problems with determining what kind of proof to require of them in such cases without violating hrs such as human dignity , privacy etc. 
  how was the language we were tested on chosen ? 
  ( was it mostly based on which language we found '' beautiful '' ? ), 
  what if we have two native tongues ? 
  i wonder why it 's not on the list . 
  strasbourg is lovely during christmas . 
  the whole town is decorated , a combination of french and german traditional christmas food and hot wine . 
  there are plenty of concerts outside and in the cathedral . 
  nice is also amazing during christmas . 
  the nice market is really great . 
  it 's obviously warmer so there are a lot more things to outside as well . 
  plenty of shows and plays ( with really nice costumes ) , concerts , a skating rink , lots of galleries to check out that stay open till really late ... 
  hmmm ... that 's a lot of biking . 
  you could combine biking with other modes of transport . 
  if you 're looking to cut some costs , i 'd recommend checking out couchsurfing.org ( to save on hostels ) and eurolines to save on transport costs . 
  also , trains in eastern europe are quite cheap . 
  if you plan your routes well , plan where you want to go and what you want to see , you could combine bike + bus/train . 
  the beard is everything !, 
  ( i think it 's his/her gimmick ) we would n't all be talking about him/her if he/she did n't have a beard , would we ? 
  belarussian guy video @ 01:18 : '' it 's an attempt to impose european values on belarus and russia . 
  and in my opinion these values are dirty and low . '', 
  * holds up cat . 
  * '' right mr. 
  kitty ? '', 
  '' right ! '', 
   we 're now a big , happy family and we have to deal with the problems together . 
  reminds me of a joke a romanian friend told me . 
  he said that when they joined the eu , the government was relieved because '' the romas were not romania 's problem anymore . 
  they were europe 's problem . '', 
  but i agree that to only solution is a common european one ( as is the case with many eu problems ) . 
  :d he does n't seem very impressed by it judging by the sound he makes at exactly 2:50 : nooh ( like '' meh '' ) . 
  but this is really amazing . 
  i can imagine the guy who came up with this pitching the idea to a tv network : '' guyz , guyz , just listen guyz . 
  just listen . 
  imagine -- a hand ... wait for it ... with googly eyes . 
  no , a real human hand !, 
  but listen , with -- googly eyes !, 
  an he lives ... in the desert !, 
  just imagine guys !, 
  it 's brilliant '', 
  it 's even better than i expected !, 
  thank you !, 
  this is excellent !, 
  dude , hapsiainen is absolutely amazing !, 
  could you translate a bit ? 
  please elaborate on the disgusting pasta !, 
   puolukkapuuro that porridge looks amazing . 
  yep , it 's true that most european countries accommodate people who do n't speak the native tongue . 
  ( even france grumpily tries ) it 's also true that some countries that have more than one official language ( like sweden , finland , switzerland etc ) or countries where english is very wide spread ( like the netherlands , norway , germany etc. ) . 
  in those countries you 'd still need to be able to communicate in at least one of the official languages or in english . 
  often times third country immigrants do n't speak a single european language ( not even english ) , which undeniably makes practical communication and integration in general difficult . 
  i myself have lived in other european countries the language of which i did n't speak . 
  when i lived in norway ( where everbody speaks english ) , i still did my best to learn the very very basics not to be oblivious to what was going on around me . 
  i guess if i was planning to permanently settle there , i 'd learn some more . 
  i was just pointing out the practical need for learning a language . 
  i of course agree that it 's also a matter of respect and actual desire to integrate , understand the culture of your host state etc. 
  would anyone be interested in a thread where we could all contribute some photos of the stuff we remember/that was important to us when we were kids ? 
  it might be interesting to see this kind of stuff from different countries ( sort of like the recipes thread ) edit : ok !, 
  made a self-post : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1pj4c7/stuff_that_you_associate_with_your_childhood_in/, 
  it sounds absolutely reasonable to me to require immigrants to know the language of the country they live in . 
  it 's just a matter of being able to live in the society and being able to communicate with the people there . 
  you need to have a basic understanding of language to be able to communicate with the teller in a grocery shop , with a bank employee , read and pay your bills , your taxes etc. 
  i 've seen immigrants in a french government office who knew almost no french . 
  they did not speak english either and could n't explain what they needed . 
  i was all ridiculous hand gestures . 
  i think they were trying to open a company , but they could n't understand what the forms they were given said , or how to handle vat , that they needed to register with the commercial court etc. 
  2 years is sufficient to learn the basics of a language - enough to be able to get by . 
  i have a friend from a third country who got married to a dutch guy , and she had to learn the language to get a residence permit . 
  she studied for 6 months and passed the assessment . 
  she said the requirements were n't unreasonable at all . 
  in france , knowledge of french is only required to obtain citizenship . 
  i hope they introduce a language requirement for residence permits as well . 
  of course the language requirements do n't apply to europeans . 
  but it 's very common for europeans who settle ( permanently ) in another eu ms to learn the language of their host state at a basic conversational level .
