   if he wins he 'll probably have to negotiate an alliance with one of the two main party unless enough mp from those defect to join him before that it 's most likely what will happen . 
  i 'm pretty sure several d\u00e9put\u00e9s from the right and the left with similar views on key subjects will `` join '' his movement . 
  macron himself anticipated that . 
  what the ... 
  send the nukes !, 
  `` docteur manhattan '' . 
   there 's no reason why it ca n't be fairly close to what we have now it will never be fairly close since the deal you already had was the best of all european countries . 
  an exception to free movement is a precedent that might cause the collapse of the eu . 
  so it wo n't happen in a million years . 
   are people motivated enough to vote against her in second round ? 
  oh yes . 
  100 % sure . 
  thing is , she is n't bad at all with scandals . 
  she has a few of her own , as well as her party . 
  fillon would never become pm again . 
  if he does n't become president , he 'll probably put an end his career . 
  it 's a national discipline that we mastered . 
   probably because both fillon and lepen have a retarded program . 
   i would n't say retarded . 
  depressing , maybe ? 
   because it 's currently the primary of the socialist yeaaah ... 
  it 's kind of a non event here . 
  i would n't go as far as to say that nobody care ... 
  but the number of viewers for the last two debates were very low . 
  and to be honest , none of the candidates are convincing/charismatic enough . 
  we 'll have to wait until the first round , see if the participation rate is important or not . 
  but it 's not gon na look good . 
   they `` totally are going to win , why does the opposition even try '' . 
  it 's not the case for macron . 
  at all . 
  he has no party to back him , he created a group to organize his campaign ... 6 months ago ? 
  he has never been elected . 
  and he 's a former business banker . 
  if he wins , it will be unprecedented in the political history of the french republic . 
   otherwise it would be either pointless or even counterproductive like in 1997 when chirac dissolved it but the results where on the opposite of what expected and in the hand he lost so badly no he did n't . 
  not really . 
  the socialists thought they could win the presidential election , many ran as candidates , and in the end chirac got reelected . 
  i would n't say he does n't give a fuck , but it 's definitely not his priority . 
  to be fair , hollande as candidate never put the environment at the top of his main topics . 
  yet he did a fine job about it as president . 
   if elected , i am sure that the new gov would either be aligned ( if a miracle occure ) with is ideas but deeply vulnerable to any vote of confidence , or from a different color ( conservative ? ), 
  he can dissolve the national assembly if such scenario were to happen . 
  would n't be the first time . 
  and even if the move fails to give him a majority , i 'm pretty sure more than a few conservatives would n't mind working with him . 
  pedagogy is important . 
  indeed , but our material is far more advanced . 
  `` you 're a wizard , jared '' - netanyahu ( probably ), 
  the man also promoted an arms race with russian last month ... now he wants to negociate a nuclear disarmament agreement . 
  sooooooo ... 
   jared kushner , trump 's son-in-law , is a natural talent who will bring about an accord with israel i had to go read the article to make sure it was real . 
  spolier alert : it 's real . 
   this does n't even make sense geopolitically as the uk inside the eu was much more of an asset for the us than a uk outside of it . 
  you 're being rational now , do n't be silly . 
   dude who got so pissed with france for not `` following his lead '' in iraq , he started to call fries `` freedom fries '' instead of `` french fries '' ? 
  and the best of all is no one knew in france . 
  nobody cared . 
  the speech delivered at the un by our minister is now part of our foreign policy history . 
   british hostility towards the eu has been planted in all anglophone country oh yes . 
  and against individual members of the eu as well . 
  it 's quite fascinating , in a very twisted way . 
  also relevant to highlight : most of the previous polls were not even considering the scenario where fillon would win the first round . 
  when the pollsters did it , ( i think it was 20 days ago or something like that ) , they were surprised to see that fillon was winning the second round by a lot against everyone else . 
  so there 's also that . 
   overall , for europeans it will mean that the position of france will not change if fillon is elected . 
  he will make defense a priority and is willing to harmonize the french regulations with the eu . 
   agreed . 
   it came as leading french philosopher bernard-henri levy oh . 
  well , nothing to see here . 
  move along . 
  that 's just him trolling . 
  that 's what he does . 
  he 's a bit of a conservative on this issue , so i would n't expect anything more from him in that regard . 
  maybe the new majority will present a bill to legalize it ? 
  hard to tell . 
  it 's not something people are vocal about . 
  people are exhausted . 
  in the us , presidential campaigns start at least a year before election day . 
  we do n't have this culture in france , our campaigns are usually very short ( 4-5 months max for a presidential , barely a month for a legislative ) . 
  in this case , we started way earlier than usual , in october , since both traditional parties organized primaries . 
  if you add the crazy campaign we went through , which ended with the destruction of our political landscape as we knew it ... people are tired . 
  i mean , i am tired and it 's supposed to be my job . 
   so some of the blue seats are also macron supporters ? 
  they 're not against him . 
  it 's a small nuance . 
  macron wants to give enough space to the moderates outside of his movement to exist in their own party . 
  the common goal is to reduce the influence of the most radical elements , to isolate them . 
  he 's good . 
  very , very good . 
   the left has been wiped out order 66 style , yes . 
  it 's almost unbelievable how badly they lost . 
  what 's funny is his victory next week is going to be too big . 
  a supermajority can be very difficult to manage . 
  at this point , it 's not an election anymore , it 's a goddamn slaughter ( politically speaking ) . 
  9 out of 10 of my contacts are gone , or soon to be . 
  these are dark times to be a lobbyist . 
  it 's `` mrs strong and stable '' for you , sir . 
  yeah , as a french , i can say the same about merkel . 
  both our countries value science and progress . 
  well that 's not surprising at all . 
  merkel was already playing the bad guy before the french election ... macron might as well play the good guy .
