assess whether they have a right to be in france , if they do n't they need to either begin an asylum process or face detention in a sensible and safe environment until they can be returned to their country of origin . 
  that seems reasonable , and perfectly possible ... of course it 's doable . 
  but they do n't want to stay in france !, 
  otherwise the situation would be solved by now . 
  you can tell them they 'll fail , anything ... 
  they do n't care . 
  some of them wen thought hell to go this far , they just do n't want to abandon this close . 
  they try to sneak across the border with trucks , car . . by any mean necessary . 
  omg , trump was right , the chinese ... 
  they 're gon na take over the world !, 
  he 'll build a wall , and ** make the syrians pay for it !, 
  france would say no ... 
  but with the uk leaving ? 
  it 's hard to say . 
  folks here are really pissed off since they learned cameron obtained ( another ) deal . 
  the general consensus is that the uk has no obligations toward the eu , only benefits ( which is n't entirely true oc , but that 's what everyone thinks ) . 
  so if the uk leaves , they could say `` yes '' for more integration . 
  maybe . 
   a lot more whining about the eu , esp from britain if they 're out , it wo n't matter . 
   in theory , federalisation and further integration could push forward . 
  however the uk is not the only country that opposes this , it 's just the largest and loudest the us are n't loud on the matter , but i know for a fact that they do n't want a more federalized eu ; and the uk is helping them in order to make sure of that . 
  well , we have esperanto ... ... yeah , never mind , french or german will do just fine . 
   it 's really shameful that france let the calais situation come this far , and now we have to control the northern border ... tell that to united kingdom . 
  they do n't want migrants so much so that they are ready to leave the eu in order to avoid welcoming them . 
  nonetheless , i concur , this situation is a mess . 
  thing is , no one really knows what to do with them . 
  so , basically , if i write `` i 'm gon na murder you , angela merkel '' , they will ... ... hold on , i think my computer is acti, 
   at least 2k a month when they start , after a few years it rises up to like 4k a month which is insane . 
  ahahahah , yeah , they do n't make that much here . 
  even the oldest . 
  the worst part i think is that it 's extremely hard to become a teacher ( even for elementary school ) . 
  am from france , can confirm , our teachers do n't know how to impose discipline . 
  to their defense , they have shitty salaries . 
  i 've been following the us presidential election since 2008 . 
  i watched every debate , and i 'm very familiar with the american political landscape . 
  this year , our `` republican '' party decided to organize primaries for the upcoming presidential election . 
  they have seven candidates . 
  the first debate happened two weeks ago , and let me tell you : it made me feel good after the gop 's circus i witnessed . 
  i 'm not saying our politicians are perfect , but at least they are rational beings , they can formulate proper sentences , and know why compromises can sometimes be beneficial to everyone . 
  his foreign policy is pretty good . 
  he never acted as a `` lone wolf '' like sarkozy . 
  he often try to include germany and our allies in matters that we could technically handle alone . 
  he played an important role in keeping greece in the eu . 
  he did well with syria , considering the circumstances . 
  unfortunately for him , he wo n't be judged by that . 
  according to opinion polls , it is more than well accepted by the people . 
  so he 's kind of right , it should n't have been such a mess . 
   kind of mediocre and uninspiring overall mediocre maybe not . 
  amateurish , for sure . 
  the way he envisioned his presidency was n't in line with today 's society . 
  uninspiring , yes . 
  it 's not entirely wrong to say that . 
  compared to other democracies , the president of france has a lot of power and responsibilities . 
  which also means he 's often blamed when something goes wrong . 
  i do n't mean to be sexist , but between [ him ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/86/putin_with_flag_of_russia.jpg/220px-putin_with_flag_of_russia.jpg ) and [ her ] ( http://medias.unifrance.org/medias/151/100/25751/format_page/media.jpg ) , the choice is obvious . 
   a trial will not happen though , so that 's always a bummer yeah , that 's too bad , but i was involved during the charlie hebdo attack ( not as a victim , i was `` involved '' in the case ) and the manhunt the days after , and it was traumatizing for everyone . 
  so he 's dead , he wo n't cause any damage nor scare anyone anymore . 
  thank god , the police shot the driver , he 's dead . 
   she is trying to control the mps that was already happening with cameron , so it wo n't be a big change for the other european leaders . 
  not sure it sends a good message though ... 
  it is known . 
  and no immigrants anymore !, 
   and the rivers will turn red , red of blood . 
  grasshoppers will eat the harvest , all first born children will die , bubonic plague will spread throughout all corners of britain . 
  flies and lice will spread disease , cattle will die , and ultimately britain will be engulfed in darkness for 3 full days . 
  sooooo basically 28 days later ? 
  and the google trends after the referendum . 
  oh my god , we 've been tricked !, 
  let 's get the fuck outta here !!, 
  right ? 
  education is sooooo boooooring ... 
  seems enough for a rollercoaster in paris . 
   french electorate is even less committed to the eu i wholeheartedly disagree . 
  not everyone knows how it works , but the consensus is that it 's important to cooperate with your neighbors , and that there 's room for improvement . 
  our politicians never blame the eu for national issues ( marine le pen aside ) . 
  and the youth knows how important it is ( since they travel a lot more than previous generations ) . 
   ( even before that , the idea of a united states of europe , that would begin with trade agreements , was very much in the public debate in the interwar years it was already debated during the congress for peace of ** 1848 ** the idea slowly died during the first half of the xxth century ( due to the rise of nationalism movements ) , but came back to life with robert schuman after wwii . 
   pretty sure no one ever liked the british and their special needs i ca n't speak for the other countries , but i know for a fact that the people of france hate the uk due to their special treatment . 
  it 's one of the few subjects where you have a full consensus . 
  while everyone is aware how damaging the brexit could be to our economy and to the european union , nobody will shed a tear for the uk . 
   if you dont like democracy , go find the door !, 
  well , that 's what they 're planning to do , so ... 
  florian philippot , who is one of the leaders of the front national , was outed by a magazine two years ago . 
  that 's it . 
  nothing happened . 
  well , several people were pissed off against the magazine ( because we respect privacy here ) , but besides that ... 
   `` but there are still rumors about his nontraditional [ sexual ] orientation and how he took 120,000 euro from the budget to finance his movement and election campaign . 
  he has also been connected with hillary clinton . 
  so far it has not turned into a large scandal . '' typically russian . 
  1 ) nobody gives a fuck if h 's gay or not . 
  besides a few very conservative people who would n't vote for him anyway ... 
  worst case scenario : he 's gay , his wife ( who is always near him , she advises him , notes every speech he writes ) comes out and says she knows and she 's okay with that ... then what ? 
  hollande 's polls improved after everyone learned about his mistress . 
  it 's france ffs ... 2 ) the sum they mention is n't `` accurate '' . 
  what matters is that he may have used several dinners organized by the ministry to invite a few guets who were susceptible to back him during the election . 
  not saying that 's it 's moral , but a ) it 's not illegal at all , and b ) every member of the government/every president who ran for the presidential election did it . 
  plus what happened with fillon totally eclipsed the story . 
  3 ) no one gives a fuck about hillary clinton here . 
  at all . 
  in this case , it 's called an orgy , not a summit .
