if europe is invaded , we will have many smaller armies ( and perhaps a few large ones ) chaotically moving to defend nato . 
  but if we have a single command structure , we will be able to coordinate better to deal with the threat , to make more efficient use of resources . 
  nato is large enough at the moment to deter russia , but not cohesive enough to fight a large-scale war efficiently along with the separate militaries in europe . 
  because of the way the eu is structured and the neutral nature of some member states , the army will be only viable for use ( without its fracturing ) in defence . 
  and yet when the checks and balances are republican ... 
  listening to `` american idiot '' by green day right now . 
  the lyrics have never been more true . 
  for this ? 
  well , it can be a bit confusing with the formal names : republika slovenija vs. slovenska republika . 
  to be honest it even confuses me . 
  but if you are asking for less interference from waloon politicians , you are asking for less autonomy , not more . 
  ` autonomy ' ? 
  what ? 
  the majority of the population of belgium lives in flanders . 
  you guys basically are belgium . 
  without flanders , there is no belgium . 
  this is like the bosnia part of bosnia-herzegovina asking for more autonomy . 
  it does n't make practical sense . 
  no , my empathy for them for their terrible experience under serbian rule is still intact . 
  i cycle to and from work half an hour each way , and it honestly does n't feel that far despite doing 5 hours commute per week . 
  it probably feels a bit different from being stuck in traffic though . 
  sorry , bosnia . 
  it seems you 're the punchbag of the whole former yugoslavia . 
  i agree . 
  however , like the soviet army , it did do atrocities . 
  the soviet soldiers , while doing some bad things , pale in comparison to some of the things done by the wehrmacht . 
  i just felt it was an unfair example . 
  both armies obviously had bad elements . 
  it differs from the holocaust in that the soviet union did not take away grain to specifically kill of an ethnic group . 
  however , this was in the context of a greater famine all over the soviet union . 
  with the ukraine being one of the most ( historically ) productive food-producing regions of the soviet union , it was most heavily taxed with grain . 
  in the context of the large famine , however , this led to huge deaths among the ukrainian people , as their little food was taken away by authorities . 
  the soviet government system likely made this disaster happen , but it did not necessarily do it to kill off the ukrainian people ( and , therefore , their nationalist movement ) . 
  if it did , this would , yes , be a war crime , however , this is difficult to prove . 
  in any case , the holocaust is a far more obvious genocide : the nazis rounded up jews from not only their lands but also from japan and china , in a literal effort to use the most efficient means necessary to kill off the people . 
  yes , the soviet union likely made the deaths in ukraine from the famine much , much larger , but they were likely more because of serious mismanagement and corruption than malicious intent , while still an obvious crime against the ukrainian people . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  even more evil ? 
  than nazi germany ? 
  sure , the soviet union killed more people than germany , but nazi germany was only a nation for a decade or so before being dissolved . 
  the soviet union , on the other hand , was around more than 50 years . 
  nazi germany tried to take over a continent , wipe a people off the face of the earth with industrial slaughter , and likely would have killed off multitudes more if they had won the war when they put their plans for germanic settlement of the eastern europe into action . 
  the roman empire may have killed more people in its history than nazi germany , but does that make it more evil ? 
  while i think that the soviet actions during the hungarian revolution were extremely violent and interventionist , i do n't think we can compare the war crimes done by some of the wehrmacht to this . 
  in this scenario , anyway . 
  you have n't answered his question . 
  what benefits will this bring romania ? 
  the ethnic rifts started for multiple reasons : extreme nationalism , economic hardship and general discontent with the communist elite . 
  perhaps the breakup of its surrounding communist states quickened the pace of change , but other factors were likely almost as important . 
  the death of tito a few years prior with no one heir to the presidency was likely a larger cause . 
  serbia was part of yugoslavia , not the ussr . 
  yugoslavia fractured almost a decade after the soviet union . 
  the slavonian regional government begins the purchase of a-10 fighters from the us government . 
  this time , they will be ready for the attack from the east . 
  also , what is the reason that denmark has such high religious organisation attendance ? 
  i have to wonder ... how do you guys keep your unemployment so low ? 
  it seems like you guys hit the post-communist jackpot . 
  i do n't think not taking a castle counts as a ` major defeat ' in the grand scale of things . 
  sure , they failed to take a castle and suffered a lot of casualties , but they were not decisively beaten . 
  the defeat of the mongols at the hand of the mamluk sultanate is , in my opinion , a much better example of a ` major defeat ' . 
  well , the problem with russia is , even if you invade in spring , it 's gon na be winter before you get anywhere important . 
  yes . 
  but the uk 's not part of it . 
  how does this highlight the ` maliciousness ' of the eu ? 
  these countries signed the schengen agreement decades ago , and did not act well to deal with the crisis until it was at their borders . 
  the eu has no power to deal with this !, 
  maybe if the countries diverted funds to refugee centres to greece or the border patrol forces in bulgaria or hungary , things may have gone better . 
  as stated in the previous post , we are not talking about full on state-owns-the-means-of-production socialist , but a mixed capitalist economy with heavy taxes and a well-funded welfare model . 
  wait ... slovenia 's richer than the czech republic ? 
  i always assumed they were the richest post-communist eu country . 
  it can happen . 
  the washington agreement during the bosnian war brought the warring croatian bosnians and muslim bosnians together into one joint government , after heavy fighting had split them . 
  this was only because of the threat of a greater joint enemy , though , and after heavy lobbying by the us . 
  and her original plan ( to distribute migrants in quotas around the eu ) failed because of a the self-interest of some of the states in europe . 
  if it had happened , ( which , to be honest , was pretty unlikely ) , it would have minimised the political backlash on her in germany . 
  or sweden/any scandinavian country . 
  how other eu countries have to deal with way more bad aspects of being in the eu ( contributions aside ) , and are n't leaving anytime soon , while the uk not only does n't have to deal with this stuff but also gets to pass on any further integration and is leaving never fails to confuse me . 
  perhaps the english just do n't feel invested in the european union ? 
  tbh i 'm wondering is they 'll just keep this stalemate going indefinitely until they find some pretext to cancel it when the public is paying attention to other things . 
  i 'm only pointing out how a country a similar size to china has so few medals , and showed how a country a miniscule size compared to it has more . 
  i was surprised when i learned how few medals they had , to be honest . 
  i 'm not stroking my ego at all , just making a point , and using my country 's performance to highlight it . 
  i 'm honestly confused why you would get the idea that i believe slovenia is the 7th ( ? ), 
  best sporting nation in the world . 
  honestly , this just seems immature and distasteful . 
  waste of pork as well . 
  slovenia is close behind , though . 
  one more medal , and we 'd be second . 
  i do n't see us or nz beating grenada , though , which has a medal with a population of 106,000 , and so one medal every 100k people . 
  i 'm talking about the european union , not nato . 
  i do n't know about that ... poland has the fifth most powerful army in the european union . 
  discounting the uk , it would be the fourth . 
  well , i do n't think it 's only population that skews it . 
  india , the second-largest country in the world ( by a large margin ) has only two . 
  that is one medal for around every 500 million people . 
  for some context , my country has three medals , and has 0.2 % of the population of india . 
  this may have more to do with investment into sports , though . 
  the eu does n't only give money , though some of its development projects inject badly needed funds into under-developed regions . 
  they also foster pan-european cooperation through decreasing barriers to working , living and being educated in other eu countries , encouraging in this way movement of people and ideas throughout the eu . 
  they then have the european parliament ( which is directly elected by the people , and the european union council ( which is made up of representatives from the governments , who are also elected by the people ) debating and changing laws and regulations .
