  these are all benefits that the eu gives , and , since the eu then has then almost every facet of a loose confederation of sovereign states , and it is therefore natural that some would feel they identify more with this than their own nation . 
  and there should n't be anything wrong with that , because both identities were at some point originally manufactured , one is just a more-inclusive and younger identity than the other . 
  or , perhaps like the benefits that the eu gives them and their countries , and prefer being seen as seeing themselves part of that greater whole . 
  perhaps it 's not necessarily that they `` loathe '' their country , but that they feel they identify more with the greater whole it is part of , in this case the eu . 
  honestly , the us 's heavy-handed approach with the spread of communism probably was n't the main cause of the ussr 's downfall . 
  it was its internal weakness and the discontent within its populace , as well as feuds within the leadership and a failing economy , not because the us supported some dictator in latin america or staged some coup somewhere . 
  the ussr 's implosion was because of its inner weakness , not because of the strength of the american government and its sometimes inhumane tactics against global communism . 
  wait ... slovenia 's youth unemployment is below that of sweden and luxembourg ? 
  something 's off about this graph . 
  edit : am slovenian , also pessimistic . 
  i know . 
  what russia did was against international law and totally violated the sovereignty of the country . 
  my point is that it was a far different situation than in the baltic states now . 
  last time i checked , ukraine was not part of nato or the eu . 
  there is a difference between a intervention against a new government ( because , while russia was certainly the aggressor , it was more of an act to secure russian military bases in crimea against a potentially unfriendly government and , at the same time , hurt the government with a secessionist movement on its frontier than an invasion ) in a country that is not part of a giant international alliance , without allies with significant nuclear capabilities , than one that is . 
  if the same thing happened in the baltic states , there would be war in europe and in alaska , siberia , and it would go much , much worse for everyone . 
  and even putin knows that . 
  holy shit !, 
  slovenia is most knowledgeable ... 
  along with luxembourg ? 
  that 's awesome , we 're never top in anything !, 
  the holocaust includes the systematic killing of roma along with jews . 
  it is a little sad that the most famous slovenian for some time will be little more than a trophy wife of someone who will probably turn out to be one of the most unpopular us presidents to date . 
  i must admit , i will take \u010devap\u010di\u010di with ajvar over bratwurst any day of the week . 
  apart from when i do n't feel like hating myself afterwards . 
  can confirm . 
  come from ljubljana , think i am better than everyone else ^ ^ / s, 
  wait , islamic terrorism is the largest threat the us faces ? 
  during the election speeches he boasted about wanting to knock out and punch people . 
  his inauguration speech did n't really have that , though . 
  let 's look at the similarities between trump and hitler : extremely nationalist check . 
  disproportionately supported by white supremacists check . 
  friends with autocratic leaders check . 
  extremely against immigration check . 
  emphasises brute force and aggression you have to admit there are some ... interesting parallels . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i 'm honestly interested . 
  fascism certainly is n't . 
  tbh you can get an italian pizza and cappuccino almost everywhere in the western world . 
  i thought it was not colonised because it was a fairly powerful nation which would be more difficult to conquer than the smaller nations and tribes on the rest of the continent ? 
  netherlands is one of the largest eu skeptics , but they 've yet to pass up any major integration such as the euro or schengen . 
  i 'm confident they will stubbornly eventually join the core eu . 
  the nordics , though ... that is more complex . 
  i seriously do n't think anything could make france and germany come together as well as the threat of the soviet union to the east . 
  same for the eu as a whole , i guess . 
  `` high representatives '' i like the eu but damn if that does n't sound like some victorian-era colonial position . 
  no , but labelling a mixed race population for this does . 
  yes , black people are more likely to do crime , but this is because they are more likely to have bad education , little opportunities and grow up in shitty families . 
  the more violent culture has grown out of a severely more disadvantaged society . 
  when did gang violence become so accepted ? 
  sure , i 'm not myself at risk of it , but even criminals and their families are people in a population , and any violence only serves to accentuate the problem by leading to more violence and crime . 
  even among the nazi government , the ss stand out as the worst of the worst , fanatic killers who were used by the nazi party for their most depraved deeds . 
  of course , there were some elite ss divisions that were used mostly for warfare , but most divisions were used for the atrocities and massacres . 
  these were the guys who ran the concentration camps . 
  and people did n't just get enlisted , like the wehrmacht , but joined willingly as the military wing of the nazi party . 
  fascists through and through . 
  well , to be honest , trump did use a lot of fascist logic , like ultra-nationalism , anti-globalism and a main campaign statement that revolves around pushing the country to some former glory , and being consistently endorsed by white supremacist and neo-nazi groups more than all candidates in the last few decades ... 
  but do n't worry , he 's not fascist !, 
  only alt-right !, 
  true . 
  i think it would be redeemed in my mind if they put local municipality crests on the number plates like in germany and slovenia . 
  especially because a lot of dutch crests ( leiden , for example ) look really cool . 
  they are unique and show local history , which i think is great . 
  i think the fact that croatia is contesting the sea around koper is kind a petty of them - they have , like , half the adriatic , what does a tiny bit of sea matter to them . 
  i mean , for us , it 's a large route for shipping to koper . 
  not that i really have any major knowledge in this field . 
  it just seems like a small thing to contest . 
  well , the electoral college makes the us margin of winning very close . 
  a 1 % difference in florida can mean the difference between winning and losing . 
  i mean , trump won in the swing states ( aside from ohio ) with very small leads , so if those polls are off or even a bit too generous they would be wrong . 
  well , compared to the soviets ' battles in the east , britain 's losses are put into perspective . 
  a constant bombing of their cities , yes , but there was n't any stalingrad , leningrad etc. 
  the uk sacrificed a lot for the war effort , but they did n't do much on the ground war in europe until germany 's defeat was almost certain . 
  but the uk has the power to opt-out of future integration !, 
  you literally have the best deal in the eu , with all the benefits and without the drawbacks ( schengen and euro ) . 
  that picture at the end reminded me of the issues i have with dutch number plates . 
  i live in the netherlands and the colour of the car number plates is terrible . 
  i love the country , and do n't own a car , but the tone of yellow that 's used is not the most appealing to the eye . 
  the rise of ultra-nationalist serbian parties alienated the people of the other republics , leading to a large amount of nationalism there and finally secession from a system that was , in truth , far too controlled by the serbs . 
  after the centralisation of kosovo and vojvodina , serbia 's power grew to a point that it could bully the other republics around . 
  serbia could change their constitution to greatly advantage them , but when slovenia tried to do the same , they were stopped . 
  the problem was that a yugoslavia with a powerful serbia was too skewed politically to them , with serbia almost having a majority on the presidency with the combined control of vojvodina , kosovo , serbia itself and montenegro giving them basically giving them veto rights against macedonia , slovenia , croatia and bosnia . 
  the system was , if not broken , inherently flawed after the death of tito . 
  oh , and the international community failed to properly intervene until late into the war and after much of the violence , so i think this shows restraint ( ever heard of the mogadishu line ) rather than a full-on foreign coup . 
  the international community did not want a messy conflict in the balkans , and certainly not small , weak states that they would have to sink money into . 
   american continent hmmm ... 
  must be nice to have a neighbor willing to work closely with you on territorial disputes ... / s ( mostly ), 
  yay ... ? 
  i was n't really defending the ideology . 
  but i do see your point . 
  latvia was treated in many ways worse by the soviets than the nazis , while in slovenia the nazis were the real oppressors . 
  sometimes i wonder what eastern europe would be like without world war 2 and the effect of stalinism afterwards . 
  slovenia got off ok , but places like romania , latvia would be completely different . 
  wait , so the chinese famine was stalin 's fault now ? 
  huh . 
  but seriously . 
  i completely agree that stalin was a bad person . 
  an evil person . 
  like hitler . 
  but most of the deaths from hitler were not from food insecurity and agixultural and governmental inefficiency , but from war .
