  koalas are the exact same way :(, 
  so adorable , but they are such inefficient animals . 
  yeah i did n't think it would be the same one , but i may have heard of it . 
  not so likely if it was outside the city , though . 
  ssis ? 
  yeah , i know of the one in d7 . 
  no one thinks there 's going to be this single massive event . 
  we * know * sea levels will rise as a result of melting ice , and we 've already seen an increase in the amount and scale of natural disasters . 
  there is n't and * wo n't be * any single massive climate-change-related event , but what there is is a whole lot of smaller effects that significantly add up . 
  sure you can do 4 !, 
  * 2 ! , but the simpler way to go about it conceptually -- especially for non-mathematicians -- is to do sum from ( i = 1 ) to ( i = n-1 ) of i. 
  where n is the number of people . 
  edit : i was also having a hard time figuring out how you assumed it was a permutation , before i realised that he made the assumption that you can meet yourself , and also meet yourself ( in the other direction ) . 
  which makes no sense . 
  even taking permutations ( since , as others have said , the perspective differs between any two people ) you should only get 12 . 
  yeah , i understand how permutations and combinations work , but my confusion was that 4p2 \u2260 24 . 
  it equals 12 . 
  then again , even if you did the permutation with replacement ( i.e. , allowed the person to meet themselves ) , you still only get 16 . 
  please keep us updated with anything that you do as it goes on . 
  best of luck with this . 
  i should mention , i 'm one of those spoiler obsessed people . 
  i mainly think titles should n't contain spoilers , but for those even more obsessed than me , there 's the option of avoiding the subreddit . 
  that 's why i think spoilers in the title should not be allowed . 
  fwiw , if it 's * public domain * you should n't even need to source it . 
  creative commons , yes , but not something public domain . 
  it 's still good practice to source it just because people will be interested . 
  but for what it 's worth , i 've had very similar problems . 
  i recorded myself playing beethoven 's sonata no. 14 , mvt . 
  i ( `` moonlight '' ) . 
  the piece itself is public domain , and i was actually playing it off of public domain sheet music from imslp ( though that should n't really be necessary ) . 
  the video got a copyright mark against it * as being a recording of sonata no. 8 * . 
  a completely different piece . 
  not only are they * both * public domain , and thus no one should have any claim over either of them , but the claim was * against a piece that does n't even sound similar * . 
  so yeah , i agree completely , the assumption seems to always be that the copyright claimant must be in the right . 
  i think instead of it being automatic take downs , it should automatically send a notification for every suspected violation ( by the automatic detection system ) to the suspected copyright holder . 
  they should then have to manually respond to each and every suspected violation . 
  if they choose to accept the claim , then the user who uploaded the video is notified and gets the chance to counter the claim . 
  if the user turns out to be right , it should be a strike against the copyright claimant . 
  10 strikes and they should be banned from launching any claims for a year . 
  to quote [ mozart ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/classicalmusic/comments/1nh7uy/mozarts_response_to_his_composition_student/ ) . 
   you are an ass . 
  i 'm not going to make any particular recommendation , but i 'll advise you to stay away from any versions of pluto that may have been written by other composers . 
  holst did n't forget pluto , and he did n't not compose it because it was n't a planet . 
  indeed , it was discovered during his lifetime . 
  he specifically did n't write a movement for it because he did n't like how the planets was overshadowing his other works . 
  yup , i regularly use control + option + command +8 to read at night . 
  also works as a prank for less tech savvy mac users . 
  i get what you 're saying , but doing too many weights too early can be really bad for your growth . 
  better would 've been to hit the pool or the track . 
   and if ever australia votes to become a republic , the fear of this happening again will be part of the reason, 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i for one know that if we become a republic , i would want it to be one as close to the current system as possible , with a ` president ' who has more or less the same powers ( both legally and conventionally ) as the current gg . 
  i do n't want anything resembling a us presidential system where the president is directly voted in by popular election and -- more importantly -- where the president has enormous levels of power . 
  i 'd rather a democratically appointed ( i.e. , appointed by a supermajority of parliament ) president ( that does n't need to be the title used , though ) who only acts in times of crisis . 
  he was talking about the uk , but our setup is more or less the same . 
  house of representatives works exactly the same as the uk 's commons ( though we use av to vote them in , not fptp ) . 
  our senate is a lot different to lords , though . 
  it 's even different to canada 's senate , which is also somewhat undemocratic . 
  in australia , senators sit for 6 years , with half the senate being reelelected every three years ( at the same time as reps elections ) . 
  each state gets 12 senators , and each terrestrial territory gets 2 . 
  the elections are done by stv : in my opinion the best and most democratic way to elect any parliament . 
  it provides a proportional result , without the undemocraticness associated with party lists ( \u00e0 la mmp ) . 
  \\* polite cough *, 
  i do n't use ad blockers for moral reasons , but i 've also not seen video ads on facebook . 
  youtube , on the other hand ... 
  and that itself is n't a problem . 
  if they come and do an ama to drive attention to their new product that 's fine . 
  so long as the quality of the ama is still good and not preachy . 
  plenty of amas that i 've seen have struck the balance really nicely . 
  i 'm only half guilty . 
  i 'll often upvote low quality stuff that i agree with , but i wo n't downvote just because i disagree . 
  i 'm perhaps a bit stricter with what i consider good quality when i disagree , but i still do my best not to downvote when the person is trying to be reasonable . 
  i always feel bad when the person i 'm debating gets downvoted by someone else and it looks like i did it ... 
  i believe that websites have a right to make money in the manner of their choosing . 
  they 're offering content for free , so arguments about unreasonable price or availability ( often used to defend piracy ) do n't apply . 
  when ads are overly annoying , such as preroll video ads on youtube and such , then i can understand others who block it , and i do n't judge . 
  but when people block ads by default on the majority of sites , i silently judge them . 
  but none of this is related to my point in the previous comment , which was simply pointing out i have n't seen video ads on facebook , and i do see them frequently on youtube . 
  i have n't gone there because i 'm on mobile and i 'm guessing it 's still down from the reddit ddos of death , but how bad could it be ? 
  reddit 's interface is absolutely * awful * for a newcomer . 
  you can actually buy things on the app store by fingerprint . 
  for those more worried about security , i can see how that would be a problem . 
  does n't really bother me , though . 
  i do n't think the canal is the reason , so much as the fact is it an isthmus , rather than a clear large connection . 
  similar with africa and the middle-east . 
  personally i subscribe to a 6 continent model , north america , south america , eurasia , africa , oceania , antarctica . 
  can i just say , 2 , 3 , and 4 all also apply in australia , so it 's not a uniquely american thing . 
  6 is a fairly weak argument , it is n't so much `` america is better '' as `` america is n't * quite * as bad as they 'd have you believe , which is fine . 
  but then taking australia again , is better even than the uk . 
  spiritualism , to me , does n't seem to be a specific thing . 
  you could take a spiritual outlook and go anywhere with it . 
  so as far as classifying and comparing various governments , i think it 's a fairly useless point to take . 
  it may be worth it for you to read into the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  take the test , read the summary pages , and the faqs , and hopefully that will give you a good understanding of where i ( and him , also , it would seem ) am coming from . 
  happened to aus in '75, 
  worked fine on my phone . 
  there is no longer * any * such thing as a `` standard '' google search . 
  they take into account some things that have nothing to do with your history . 
  location is the most well known , but i would n't be surprised to hear that device type and browser also affect it somewhat . 
  may i ask where you did your education ?
