  and we already saw that even full targaryens clearly * can * be burned in a funeral pyre just this season : aemon . 
  why is half this video blackness and silence ? 
  but they told us what he needs to do to stop it . 
  it 's exactly like the tornado in the first episode , but bigger . 
  he just needs to run around it in the opposite direction really fast . 
  fph was banned not for its abhorrent content but for organising doxxing and harassment . 
  as far as reddit is concerned , you can post whatever shit you like ( within the law -- that 's why the borderline pedo stuff was banned a while back ) , so long as you are n't actively taking action that could affect anyone outside of your little subreddit . 
  vote/comment brigading , harassing others , etc. 
  is all strictly against the rules . 
  maybe i 'm missing something , but i do n't see any incest in this one . 
  the lannister one , of course , but not the jon snow one . 
  fuck the watch . 
  this is only true in the short term . 
  on the long term , high prices prevent people from taking up smoking to begin with . 
  same goes with the plain packaging laws . 
  someone already addicted is n't going to care too much , but they do a wonderful job of decreasing the amount of people who take up smoking to begin with . 
  there 's a market for it . 
  people * can * make money doing it , so * of course * they will . 
  what i do n't understand is * why * there 's a market for it . 
  i do n't understand the fun in watching other people play games . 
  probably does n't help that i really do n't like any of the games with large esport followings , though , like mobas or star craft . 
  i 'm more confused that someone somehow knows about advantage and when to use it , but * does n't * know how it works . 
  yeah , your book does have some sort of misprint . 
  player 's handbook , page 292 :, 
   ## unconscious, 
   * an unconscious creature is incapacitated ( see the condition ) , ca n't move or speak , and is unaware of its surroundings . 
  but regarding short rests , any reasonable interpretation would be that you * can * maintain concentration through a short rest . 
  there are abilities ( including hex ) that last long enough that you would normally have to take a short rest in between . 
  these abilities are unfairly nerfed if you lose concentration on a short rest . 
  wait , the pronunciation of doge is ambiguous ? 
  i pronounce it `` lon '' . 
  for me , this was close enough to `` lun '' , which was one of the options in there . 
  if i pronounced it `` lawn '' , i probably would have also considered that close enough to answer `` lun '' . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's close enough . 
  my highschool maths teachers were all english . 
  the pronunciation they had was more like `` lon '' than `` lawn '' . 
  the strange ones are the best . 
  i saw a homebrew buckler option somewhere that was basically the same +2 to ac in melee , but no benefit to defence against missiles , with the tradeoff of not requiring an action to ( un ) equip . 
  seemed fairly reasonable to me , though i do like the general simplicity of 5e . 
   `` normal '' is a value judgement, 
  i do n't really agree . 
  i think that using normal as a value judgement is perfectly valid , but i also think it 's perfectly valid to use normal in a way synonymous with what you called `` typical '' . 
  op clearly is using it as the latter , and i do n't think that definition is wrong . 
  i suppose you could say it was a long-expected party ? 
  i have two suggestions , one fairly objective thing to do with the layout , and one more subjective thing to do with the actual rules . 
  the `` spell point cost , by spell level '' table should read in columns first . 
  so `` 2nd '' should appear directly below `` 1st '' . 
  you read down the column , and then when you get to the end of the column , you move to the next row . 
  see page 288 of the dmg for the same type of thing . 
  additionally , there 's no need for the comma there -- or the colon , for that matter . 
  the title should just be `` spell point cost by spell level '' . 
  in the rules from the phb , warlocks are a special case . 
  they have far fewer spell slots than other casters , but a ) all their slots are at the highest level , and b ) their slots reset on a * short * rest , not just a long one . 
  part `` a '' might be hard to translate to this system -- in fact , it 's probably not even worth translating it -- but part `` b '' should n't be . 
  i think that , in order to have it still fit with the same type of thematic place that warlocks have in the original rules , it would be better if you made a special case for them regarding how many spell points they get , and specified that they reset on a short rest . 
  honestly i 'm a lot * less * apprehensive about this than i am legends . 
  time travel is just not something that sits well with me . 
  i was anxious about the flash when i found out it 's what they 're doing right from the get-go , but they managed to do it pretty well so far ( though i 'm still nervous about how they 'll handle the new inter-dimensional stuff they touched on in the finale ) . 
  but with legends being based around some character i 've never heard of who comes back in time to form some team full of characters who fit in so well on another show as * villains * , and characters who are supposed to be * dead * . 
  well , i 've got ta be honest i 'm surprised there is n't more apprehension around it from other people . 
  but this -- this is a show about a character that most people have at least heard of before . 
  i 'll be honest and say that she 's probably my least favourite of the founding justice league members ( at least from the justice league and jl : unlimited tv shows ) , but at least i 've heard of her and know what i 'm getting . 
  what 's the time period ? 
  where i am , rent is usually a weekly thing . 
  $ 600 per week is pretty damn expensive rent . 
  if it 's monthly , then yeah , that 's cheap . 
  i prefer my ti-84 to wolfram in some limited circumstances . 
  note many , mind you , but some . 
  plus wolfram 's become a hell of a lot less useful the past few years , locking more and more functionality away under the paywall . 
  i honestly do n't think i would have gotten the grade i did in my first year maths course at uni with the current state of wolfram . 
  i hate typing on a phone . 
  even with swiftkey , which is amazing , typing is just such a pain . 
  typos happen so much more frequently . 
  i always get `` if '' and `` of '' wrong ( or rather , the autocorrect gets it wrong ) and things like that . 
  typing on a proper keyboard , though , is glorious . 
  the idea that $ 30 is * cheap * scares me , i 've got ta be honest . 
  i feel ripped off paying $ 15 . 
  but sorry , i ca n't really help . 
  what are the prices to get your hair cut at a student hairdresser ? 
  it 's the norm for apartments or houses here in brisbane , and i would guess the rest of aus , too . 
  wikipedia is a great place to start your research , and on the whole it actually is pretty reliable . 
  however , for scholarly research ( if you 're writing any papers for school or university ) you should n't use it . 
  in fact , you should n't use * any * encyclop\u00e6dia , not wikipedia , not britannica , not any . 
  what you * can * do is read the wikipedia article on the subject , and then follow its sources . 
  read the sources related to the parts you 're interested in , and if they are good , then cite * them * in your paper . 
  if your purposes are just casual , wikipedia is great . 
  most of the time , if you 're having an argument among friends or whatever , you can use wikipedia as a definitive source . 
  that would be 1812 , 1813 , 1814 , and 1815 , if you 're talking about the british v. american war of 1812 . 
  if you 're talking about the french v. russian war ( the one [ the musical piece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bbt0e990iq ) is about ) , it 's just 1812 . 
  also , the hundred years ' war was 116 years long . 
  i can blow bubbles in a cup of water through a straw for like 2 minutes straight . 
  but how do you define `` famous '' ? 
  barack obama is famous , of course . 
  but is puddi pie ( or however he spells it ) ? 
  how about natalie tran ? 
  or someone with like 200 subscribers on youtube ? 
  i 'd go back a little under 10 years to like 2007 or something . 
  invest in google , apple , etc. 
  before they got as big as they are now , get in on bitcoin early on and sell when it reaches that ridiculous peak . 
  probably also use my current knowledge to improve my ability with some of my hobbies , so i could have a head start with university and stuff .
