  perhaps that one reply happened elsewhere ? 
  or maybe there are other circumstances under which it does n't reply . 
  when it does n't publicly post , it sends you a pm instead . 
  6 years `` because everyone else is '', 
  as someone who has put a fair few hours into both of them ( that is , the first game in each series ) , but never got around to finishing , i 'd say it 's because they 're both heavily story-influenced games , both set in medieval fantasy settings where the player is a part of a little-respected organisation that nevertheless tries to do good and keep people safe . 
  they also both involve sex with npcs . 
  and , at least from my point of view , both of them have gameplay that one has to force onesself through in order to experience the incredibly good story , rather than both serving to enhance each other and the overall game experience . 
  no need to apologise , i was just adding a little more context . 
  do you deal with a ridiculous amount of mouses and keyboards on your desk , or do you use synergy ( or one of its equivalents ) ? 
  [ here 's a direct image link ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20120609.gif ) , for anyone who does n't want to deal with the auto-play video ads on that page . 
  just a tip , reddit link formatting is, 
  [ link text ] ( url ), 
  square brackets containing the text you want to appear , then brackets containing the actual link . 
  but also , if what you want to have as the link text is just the actual link , you can just paste it in . 
  so long as it has the http : / / ( or https : / / , or indeed any protocol ) at the start , reddit will automatically turn it into a link for you . 
   it 's still all under dc right, 
  well , no . 
  unfortunately , it 's not . 
  dc has a bunch of different things going on at once , and each of them is unrelated to the others . 
  they 've got the movies ( so far only man of steel has been released , but a number of others are planned ) . 
  they 've got the `` arrowverse '' , which is currently the flash and arrow . 
  so named because arrow was the first show in this universe . 
  it 's also sometimes called the cwverse , since cw is the channel that these shows are on in america . 
  a few more shows are planned for this universe , including legends of tomorrow , and at least one animated show . 
  they 've got gotham , which is entirely its own thing and has no ties to anything else . 
  they 've got whatever animated children 's shows are going on at the moment on cartoon network and similar channels ( i miss young justice ... ) . 
  hell , probably more than one separate universe here . 
  and now they 've got supergirl , which from the trailer it seems is * not * going to be in the arrowverse , at least at first ( some people seem to think they might go for multidimensional or time travel stuff , or something like that , to cross over the two universes later on ... personally i ca n't see that happening ) , making it its own universe . 
  contrast this to marvel , where they have the marvel cinematic universe , which is one big coordinated universe of movies and television . 
  you 've got the movies from iron man , hulk , captain america , and thor , as well as things like the avengers and guardians of the galaxy . 
  and tv shows as wide ranging as agents of shield , agent carter , and daredevil , with more on the way . 
  hell , even the appearances of spiderman from here on out are part of the mcu . 
  the only marvel properties * not * included in the mcu are the x-men and the fantastic four . 
  in short , the reason for the name `` arrowverse '' is that we need some name for the shared universe in which arrow and the flash exist . 
  since out of the current dc tv shows , those two ( and a couple more upcoming shows ) are the only ones to exist in any shared universe . 
  everything else is on its own , and so does n't need a special name . 
  [ do n't abbreviate `` wikipedia '' as `` wiki '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:don%27t_abbreviate_%22wikipedia%22_as_%22wiki%22 ! ) !, 
  sorry ... just stumbled across this article a few days ago and i 've been waiting to use it . 
  [ i 'm really confused about this result i 'm getting ] ( http://imgur.com/a/pftto#0 ) . 
  both are from the same computer , running the same operating system , in the same browser . 
  no settings were changed in between the two . 
  the first image is when i go to the page , type in a question , and hit `` ask '' . 
  the second is when i then click the `` permalink '' button down the bottom and open it in a new tab . 
  clearly i 'm getting the same unicode characters , but for some reason rendered in a different way . 
  i 'd guess it 's got something to do with the fact that i have chromoji running as an extension ( since i was unhappy with chrome 's native support of some unicode characters ) . 
  but why would one be rendering differently to the other ? 
  edit : did some experimenting . 
  removing chromoji makes the results more consistent . 
  i 'm guessing the result had something to do with whether the characters were rendered there when the page loaded , or created afterwards . 
  he has n't mentioned germany * specifically * to my knowledge , but [ he 's done a video on mmp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0i-sdosxu ) , which is the system germany uses . 
  he does n't explain some minutiae , like the 5 % threshold or overhang seats , but that 's the general system . 
  personally i 'm not a fan . 
  it makes political parties a formalised part of the way the system works , and most crucially , it gives them the power over who gets elected and who does not , by controlling the order of the party lists . 
  that does n't sit well with me . 
  personally i 'm a fan of the system ireland uses in its lower house , and australia uses in its upper house ( though the latter desperately needs some tweaking around the edges ) . 
  single transferable vote produces a decently proportional end result , but still maintains direct control by voters over who their vote goes to . 
  it also has the bonus that people get * multiple * local representatives , which increases the chance that there 'll be at least one that they can support . 
  [ john cleese ( of monty python fame ) explains it very well here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  and [ grey also has a video on it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8xozjkozfi ) . 
  quick question , do n't upvote :, 
  do you really think it 's just gamers , or people on the internet in general ? 
  i hope you 're including new zealand in that , and just forgot to include it in the list in this comment ... 
  though i have to be honest , i 'm a little disappointed that you feel the need to block other countries at all . 
  it makes it difficult for me to share it , since many of my family and friends live in non-english speaking countries ( i grew up as an expat , and my parents still live overseas ) . 
  but i can kinda understand it if that cuts down on a significant portion of spam . 
  hear , hear . 
   approval voting is range2 voting . 
  yes , but fundamentally all range voting will devolve into effectively this . 
  let me pretend there are three parties , a , b , and c. i like party a completely , in fact , i agree with them on literally every policy issue . 
  i score them a 5 ( let 's say it 's range6 ) . 
  parties b and c , however , are the clear front-runners . 
  i disagree with party c on nearly every issue , so i 'm going to score them 0 . 
  but party b i mostly disagree with , but there are enough issues on which i like them that i would strongly prefer they win over c . if i were being honest , i would give them a 2 . 
  however , that would be a terrible decision , because i could instead give them a 5 , knowing that all it would do is increase their chances of winning against c . so that 's what i would do instead . 
   outside of single stochastic vote, 
  the fact that you even entertain the idea of such a clearly moronic system is quite telling . 
  there 's really not much more to say . 
   av is not monotonic , that is voting a candidate you dislike lower can benefit them and voting a candidate you like higher can harm them, 
  i dislike the idea of comparing voting systems based purely on which criterion they do or do not `` pass '' . 
  to me it misses the point , much like comparing two computer companies based only on the price of the computer and how much ram and cpu power they have . 
  no system is perfect , i 'm sure we can all agree on that . 
  and yes , av has some problems . 
  even in some edge cases these problems can be shown to happen . 
  however , the most important thing is that these are * edge * cases . 
  av is an enormously rigorously tested system . 
  i would hazard a guess it 's one of the most widely used after fptp . 
  and yet there are still only a handful of good cases that sites like rangevoting ( and i 'll just say , the site is just awful . 
  it 's clearly made by people who have an agenda to push , and have no interest in taking in debate . 
  heck , they ca n't even be bothered putting up some basic fucking formatting on their site to make it look like it did n't come out of the late 90s . ), 
  can point to where clearly its flaws have clearly manifested themselves in real large-scale elections . 
  but most importantly of all , in these cases , it would have been difficult-to-impossible for voters to have deliberately strategically voted ahead of time to alter the outcome . 
   range voting has the nursery effect which promotes smaller parties until they are capable of winning, 
  so does basically every system out there apart from fptp . 
  av has been demonstrated to do this in australia , where the greens are now consistently winning one seat , and their power is growing in a couple of others . 
  stv has demonstrated this , where over the past couple of decades the greens have grown to essentially be the third major party in the senate . 
  it 's also clear that approval voting , mmp , or basically any other system will enable smaller parties to continue to run . 
   then why not direct democracy ? 
  if we ca n't trust a candidate with our vote , why use representatives in the first place ? 
  elections are where the populous decides who will represent them . 
  the people vote on members of parliament that they believe will do the best thing for the country .
