  congrats on your first election . 
  the next federal election in australia will also be my first , probably some time in 2013 . 
  as others have said , it 's actually best if you play off of the a clarinet version . 
  the reason being that the keying is damn-near impossible in a transposed version , and that if you ever get an a clarinet in the future it 'll be an easy switch . 
  it should n't be too hard to transpose the accompaniment , and the keys they will have to play in are not difficult . 
  yours should be c and f , if you transposed it would be b and e , whereas the accompaniment should be a and d , but if you transpose them they become eb and ab . 
  will you have an orchestra or just a piano reduction ? 
  in either case i can get you a transposed copy of the accompaniment to the second movement if you want . 
  if you want to play on your bb clarinet i have a copy of an arrangement of the orchestra part for piano transposed , as well as a transposed full orchestra score , if you want them . 
  yeah , you 'll have trouble with more recently deceased composers like stravinsky . 
  laws vary from place to place , but a good benchmark for public domain is 70 years after the composer 's death . 
  haha that 's probably a better explanation . 
  egg was obviously an exaggeration . 
  wait what ? 
  i thought they broke up before the web was even around , let alone popular ... 
  i do n't understand . 
  could you explain why us states and sovereign nations are appearing in the same drop down of a form ? 
  to be fair , united kingdom is the name of the actual country . 
  only annoyance should be united kingdom vs. uk . 
  ( before anyone gets pedantic , united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ), 
  how many are between the first g and france ? 
  it 's probably faster to go to g and then press up . 
  no one cares about australians . 
  and god forbid you 're from new zealand . 
  thank christ it 's about time . 
  now , when do the other states move from agreeing to making it law ? 
  i can not comment on india , but i know australia does n't do this . 
  typically it will ask for country first , and have states as a separate option , often one that will auto adjust to include the right states for the country selected . 
  i 've seen this format on many sites , and a few us ones i 've seen offer country , followed by state where you give your state if in the us , but otherwise either leave it or select an option saying non-us . 
  even this bugs me a little , but including states and countries in a single list is just infuriating . 
  as someone else commented somewhere in this thread ( and got downvoted for it ) , this is a horrible example of how self-centred americans can be . 
  ( not all americans , of course , but clearly enough that you get sites like whatever op was using . ), 
  hahaha is that pronounced ukgibini ? 
  afaik hubbard did n't explicitly say he made scientology to make money , but he has said that a religion is one of the best businesses for making money , or something like that . 
  i believe this was even said before he formed his religion , though i 'm probably way off on that . 
  side note , how does anyone believe a religion name scientology , which uses principles similar to science fiction works , which was created by a famous science fiction author ? 
  yeah , it probably is a little overplayed . 
  i 've never been through any serious auditions , the area and situation i 'm in does n't need them , so i 'm afraid i do n't know enough about the process to help you there . 
  haha that 's a very good point . 
  the only possibility i can think of is that in those cases there was n't necessarily actual evidence against the idea ( for the first few major hoaxes , anyway , after that the previous failed hoaxes become the evidence ) . 
  it 's a weak answer , i know , but it 's the best i can give . 
  ah thanks . 
  a proper answer that actually makes sense . 
  three quarterths ? 
  what ? 
  damn , you never learnt things like greek mythology in primary school ? 
  i loved all that stuff . 
  i think it 's pretty standard to learn some basic history in australia , anyway . 
  also not american , so take my words with a pinch of salt . 
  in life in general , often it is the outspoken few who have the biggest impact on a particular topic . 
  atheists in america often have a stereotype for being dounchy and pushy with their beliefs , because there are a few atheists who are like this , and the ones that are n't do n't get seen by religious people . 
  the 90 % of pastors that are like this probably do n't get involved in politics at all , and so the 10 % that do , get to heavily push their agenda , and thus they are successful . 
  or something like that, 
  huh ... 
  i was not aware that americans used `` a fourth '' for `` a quarter '' . 
  thanks for the little lesson . 
  honestly i 'm surprised that you 'd learn a bit about australian history . 
  it 's not the most interesting , i do n't think . 
  especially compared to ancient history , or the major wars . 
  just fyi , apple 's adapters can transform from 110-240 v down to whatever the needed voltage is . 
  no need for a special one in the us compared to the world . 
  hahaha . 
  although i 'm a pc gamer , you just mentioned the two reasons i prefer playstation over xbox . 
  i ** detest ** the controller , and there is not a single xbox exclusive game that even slightly interests me , whereas playstation has heap of awesome ones like heavy rain , god of war , and upcoming title last of us . 
  edit : also , happy cake day !, 
  editedit : have an upvote , because 1 ) it 's your cake day , 2 ) someone else downvoted you for some reason , and 3 ) your comment added to the discussion , so it deserves it, 
  really ? 
  coos i 've never had one fall out . 
  i have to pull quite hard to take mine out , and i change them regularly ( because i travel quite a lot ) . 
  back to support , though , i 've never needed them so i ca n't speak from experience , but they are frequently rated among the best , and i 've heard so many positive stories about their support , but not many negative ones from people i know or follow online ( or , to be fair , from people i do n't know , but that 's not the point anyway ) . 
  which , the orchestra or piano reduction ? 
  i can get you the orchestra one almost immediately ( pm me your details ) , but it 'll take a little longer if you want the piano one , as i 'll have to find it ( i 'm pretty sure it 's somewhere in my house ... ) , scan it , and then send it . 
  alright . 
  pm me your details ( email , or some other method of sending the file ) and i 'll go look for it . 
  english is n't the official language of the uk ? 
  wow . 
  i knew it for aus and the us , but that 's just weird . 
  you 're probably right for the vast majority , although i have seen a few older atheists on here that are like that . 
  but you 're absolutely right , most of them probably do n't realise it so much . 
  i 've heard one person i know criticise apple support before , and i did n't count it here because they were not talking from experience but from stats ( something about the hours their lines are open i believe ) . 
  funny that your criticism is of telephone support too . 
  i do n't really even consider telephone support . 
  if i can i 'll use internet support , and if that does n't help i take it in . 
  i just do n't get the point of phone support . 
  it 's when you take it in that apple support is great . 
  on the internet they 're lousy , and from what i 've heard on the phone , too . 
  but in shop they 're great , from what i 've heard . 
  free replacements/fixes are common ( though not official policy ) for minor accidents if the customer is honest . 
  i do n't have an ipad , but others in my family do and they have similar problems ( though they do n't use apple 's charger , but a third party one ) . 
  i had always put it down to the fact that they used a third party cable , but now i 'm thinking it may be a poor design . 
  hopefully the new 9-pin everyone says is replacing it will fix that on future devices . 
  but sorry , in your previous comment i thought you were talking about the international adapters that connect into the power brick to charge macs and idevices . 
  the ones from the world travel adapter kit . 
  my mistake . 
  i 've dropped my third gen ipod touch many times on hard tiled floors , both with and without a case , and apart from some dead pixels ( not too many ) it still works . 
  it 's painfully slow on the newest os , but it works . 
  i ca n't comment on what happened to you , i was n't there . 
  wait , stealing packets of jelly ? 
  like , shoplifting ? 
  haha i remember that , i started a while before the switch , but forgot my account details and made a new account after it .
