  i 've personally never cared for the relaunched dr. who shows , so i ca n't comment from personal experience , but quite literally * every * one of my friends that i know liked it seems to think the show went substantially down hill after moffat took over . 
  most of them are n't even still watching it , i do n't think , so they would n't have seen the latest season even if it is near-perfect . 
  a show that ran for four seasons from ' 89 -- ' 93 ? 
  i doubt many people have even * heard * of this `` major dad '' . 
  i know i had n't . 
  i doubt the creators were copying anything . 
  it 's a fairly obvious stereotype that they were both playing on . 
  the last season of korra clearly was * very * strongly inspired by what mike and bryan read on social media , and the show * seriously * suffered for it . 
  the season was a really weak one . 
  what , you remove a vague mention of torrenting but do n't remove a direct * link * to a pirated copy of the * exact same video * on youtube ? 
  not to mention that said video * is n't even available legally * in any form . 
  wtf ? 
  no , i did n't like the whole season . 
  the last 5 minutes was frustrating because it never felt like a relationship that was earned , but the whole season was frustrating because the villain appeared out of nowhere and never felt compelling ( the fact that the tried to briefly introduce her in the finale of season 3 only made it * worse * in my opinion ) , not to mention that it was difficult to take such a minor villain seriously after someone as powerful as zaheer ( though i initially thought it would be difficult to take the red lotus seriously after vaatu , they managed to make it work * really * well ) . 
  their use of toph was borderline insulting . 
  at the end of season 3 , i was expecting the recovery of korra to be a fantastic arc at the start of season 4 , but frankly i was underwhelmed . 
  the idea was fantastic , but i did not enjoy the execution . 
  korra alone was a particularly bad episode , made even worse by its co-opting of the title from one of the best episodes of the original . 
  and of course remembrances was terrible . 
  it 's not * entirely * their fault , because they were forced to do a clip episode for budgetary reasons , but the annoying little faces they threw over the top made it worse , and overall i wish they had managed to come up with a better way of doing a clip episode . 
  the last five minutes was really just -- i dunno , what 's the opposite of icing on the cake ? 
  dormer or margaery ? 
  it also got us final cut pro x which , while criticised upon initial release for lacking a few features , is now widely regarded as the * best * nle for projects which need super fast turnaround times , or projects of a prosumer nature on the market . 
  hear , hear !, 
  i got the last macbook pro to be sold at a halfway reasonable price with a discrete gpu ( mid 2012 non-retina 15 '' ) , and i am * so * glad that i managed to get it when i did . 
  i was * so * disappointed when they discontinued the non-retina options for 15 '' . 
  ill be hanging on to this computer for as long as i can . 
  yeah but so many lame decisions :(, 
  but if they 're doing that , they should use different actors . 
  using the same actors would create unnecessary confusion for little gain . 
  maybe you were n't , but comments further up were talking about `` batfleck '' . 
  that is , batman played by ben affleck . 
  best for super-quick turnaround times , and for prosumers . 
  not so much for film and television type projects . 
  you can get a bit of at-will control if you take repelling blast , which lets you ( * let 's you * , mind you , not * makes you * , so you can choose when to use it and when not to ) push enemies that you hit with eb up to 10 feet back . 
  i would think that the speaker should be a neutral , non-voting position . 
  it 's a time-honoured tradition and a crucial part of what makes the speaker the speaker . 
  the lengths of time are just crazy . 
  72 hours for the second reading debate and 48 for the third ? 
  it 'll take * over a week * in real time from when the thing is put on notice until it actually passes . 
  that is insane . 
  i think 24 hours per each debate and vote is far more reasonable . 
  ( indeed , many people complained that it was too slow on many occasions in the previous parliament . ), 
  i want then to work exactly how they do in real parliament , and did in the previous model . 
  hear , hear !, 
  5 local via av and 10 national via stv sounds perfect . 
  option 2 . 
  parliamentary business in a second chamber where members can debate and vote . 
  the public can have their say in the main sub , no different to the previous incarnation . 
  except i literally went out of my way to exclude most of the professional market ... 
   less than 0\u00bac is cold, 
  i think you mean less than 16 \u00b0 c. 
  but other than that , i agree entirely with you . 
   this is also superior because it allows for simpler and more numerous divisions of this range . 
  fahrenheit has about 2 degrees for every degree of celsius so it allows for more precision with integers . 
  this is an absolutely useless distinction if the argument is for human lives . 
  even with celsius , one degree is an insignificant change . 
  i 'm not going to behave any differently between 19 \u00b0 and 20 \u00b0 . 
  really , for human purposes , you could almost round to the nearest 5 \u00b0 c and get away with it . 
  and celsius has that perfect convertibility to/from kelvin , which makes it so much easier to work with . 
  neither has any real advantage for human purposes -- the only difference is what you grew up with -- but kelvin is clearly better for scientific use . 
  because of this , celsius is the better one to use for human purposes , since all other things being equal , why would you * not * want easy convertibility in physics ( especially since most formulae deal with \u2206 k / \u2206 \u00b0 c anyway ) . 
  no all-caps in dvorak . 
  qwerty ( and related layouts like azerty ) are named after the literal letters on the top row , so they are written in all-caps . 
  dvorak is named after a person named dvorak , so it 's written as a standard proper noun . 
   and westminster systems usually use that, 
  as far as i 'm aware , the two most prominent examples of westminster systems are britain and australia . 
  50 % of those are not ftpt . 
  i believe new zealand is also classified as a westminster system , despite using a unicameral parliament elected via mmp . 
  that 's another not fptp . 
  i know you guys use both interchangeably when it comes to distances and weights , but i thought you were all in on celsius ? 
  it 's a much harder topic to do than lotr by orders of magnitude , because canonicity in star wars is far more complex than lotr . 
  with the world of lotr , there are really just a handful of pieces of canon . 
  the lord of the rings , the hobbit , the silmarillion , and a few smaller books like unfinished tales and children of h\u00farin . 
  it 's all on an equal playing field , and it 's very easy to see what goes where . 
  star wars , on the other hand , is very complicated . 
  not only do you have the difference between legends and modern canon , even if you just consider legends , there are various `` levels '' of canon that do n't always agree with each other . 
  hundreds of books , comics , and other media with thousands of characters and star systems . 
  it 's hard to know even where to * begin * in terms of giving an overview of the lore . 
  best line from the prequels . 
  hell , it 'd give you a run for your money as best line in the franchise . 
  actually in this case you 'd want to use a non-cryptographic hash function . 
  you want to compare the hashes of two files as quickly as possible , there 's no advantage in having a function that 's designed to take a long time . 
  they are still all hard drives , and are still on site . 
  so they would meet the 3 , but not the 2 or the 1 . 
   backing up a file by making a copy of it on the same disk does n't make sense . 
  it does make sense , it just fulfills a different role than a proper back up . 
  it protects you in case you fuck up , like a versioning system would . 
  that 's because [ it is ] ( https://www.qld.gov.au/transport/safety/rules/nonpowered/bicycle/ ) . 
  i do n't know exactly what happened to the other guy , but if all he was doing was riding on the footpath in a way considerate of others , he should not have been fined . 
  oh totally . 
  i think the key part would be to really narrow the scope and concentrate on just * one * key aspect of the world . 
  i would suggest the history of the jedi order , and the sith , and how they related to each other historically and at the time of the two completed trilogies . 
  anyone else confused by the fact that `` the official motorola blog '' is apparently a blogger blog , hosted for free on google 's blogspot ? 
  i do n't get this one :(, 
   it 's my that `` most solicitor do '' but that it 's mostly established who do . 
  umm ... english , please ? 
  as a non-smoker , i really do n't even care how annoying vapers are . 
  it means i do n't have to breath in or smell the awful cigarette smoke that they 'd otherwise be exhaling . 
  yeah i know , i was mostly just making a joke .
