  that 's the first result from [ this google search ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=steve+jobs+giving+away+his+money&amp;oq=steve+jobs+giving+away+his+money&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i57j69i60j0l2j69i62l2.3964j0&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 ) which basically shows a heap of results about how he and his wife were giving away heaps of money anonymously/secretly . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2330727/how-steve-jobs-wife-secretly-gave-away-ten-of-millions-money-charity--critics-accused-doing-enough.html ), 
  that 's the first result from [ this google search ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=steve+jobs+giving+away+his+money&amp;oq=steve+jobs+giving+away+his+money&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i57j69i60j0l2j69i62l2.3964j0&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 ) which basically shows a heap of results about how he and his wife were giving away heaps of money anonymously/secretly . 
  in the second screenshot he 's clearly shaking an egg shaker . 
  it 's a percussion instrument , so maybe that technically counts ? 
   i 'm not an expert , but i think the fact that the copyright did n't expire in europe does not necessarily mean that a company based in america , where the copyright has expired , must honor that copyright . 
  ( please correct me if i 'm wrong . ), 
  no , i believe you 're right on that . 
  the only problem would be that they do want to release in europe as well , and that would require following european copyright law ( in other words , i would have thought that any profits made in europe should still have to give royalty as specified -- at least , that 's assuming that the original royalty requirements were worldwide ) . 
  oh right , my bad . 
  saw something a while back on discovery or nat geo about a hypothetical world with more oxygen than our earth , where that sort of thing would be possible . 
  i guess if we 've got more photosynthesis going on , we 'd get more oxygen , so maybe it could be real !, 
  i 'm getting the exact opposite . 
  one i submitted recently which is the exact same type as a few that have been submitted already was rejected , and another that was admittedly more tentative was also rejected . 
  yeah . 
  steak is obvious , du is `` of the '' , and cheval is horse ( same route as our `` chivalry '' ) . 
  the someone just above said it should be `` de '' not `` du '' , which would just be `` of '' . 
  ah right . 
  suffice for now to say , there are some neat improvements for multi screen users . 
  just make sure it stays an option for those of us that like the feature , 
  dunno how feasible it is , but it 'd be cool if the weather card would set the default scale based on location ( i.e. , if your location is us -- and maybe canada , i dunno what they use there -- it 's automatically fahrenheit , but anywhere else automatically celsius ) , obviously with the option to manually change it . 
  just a small little ease of use thing . 
  absolutely love the design , though . 
  awesome job !, 
  edit : other feature requests : size of the `` most visited '' and of the google services ( and option for text labels on the latter ) in settings for those cards , kinda like how it works for the apps card now . 
  man i wish that voice stuff was something google would actually get to work . 
  first world problem , i know , but pressing the microphone button every time is a pain ... 
  eh , i think it could have worked here if it was a little better . 
  get rid of that thing jutting out in the right corner , line up the mountains in the background better so they lead directly in to the centre in a more balanced way , and have the subject dead centre , not slightly off centre as it currently is . 
  then it would 've been a nicely composed photo . 
  i have also not touched a single zelda game , although the only nintendo devices i 've owned were a gameboy advanced sp and a wii : and the wii never saw any use after the first couple of months ( and even that only for wii sports ) . 
  but hey man , i 'm a pc gamer who 's never played any of the half life games ... 
  op did n't actually say we should all buy every console . 
  just that we should get along and concentrate on the actual playing of games . 
  never touched halo or gears of war , but i have played me 1 and 2 . 
  not yet managed to get around to the last one . 
  us outside the us * could n't * sit down and watch it . 
  the fuckwits in charge of this thing decided to block it . 
  not outside the us there was n't . 
  as someone whose parents are teachers , i can guarantee you that the note got shared around the teachers ' lounge . 
  teachers are massive gossipers . 
  uncultured ? 
  i 'd hardly say not referencing a children 's book is uncultured . 
  but still , there are petit prince references higher in the thread that were made a couple of minutes before your comment . 
  you probably just loaded the page a little too early . 
  ( the references above are in english , though `` the little prince '' . ), 
  it 's hate on the fact that you 're an american complaining about * not * getting features . 
  welcome to the lives of * everyone else in the entire world * . 
  i read it in french class in high school , and our teacher was trying to explain the themes and stuff behind it , and i just really never saw it . 
  i 'm fine normally , and did fairly well in english literature class finding and understanding themes , but to me le petit prince did n't have any more depth than a simple children 's book with a basic moral . 
  i mean , sure it 's got more depth to it than the very hungry caterpillar , but it still felt as though the depth was being forced upon it compared to most of the other books and plays i studied . 
  just my opinion , though . 
  people said the same with when steam came to os x. 
  it * has * gotten better , no doubt about that , but not as much better as we were hoping . 
  i expect linux will see the same result . 
  ubisoft 's my boycott as well . 
  overly long and detailed story : i had a legitimate copy of aom from its original publisher , microsoft game studios , and i absolutely loved playing it . 
  i could spend hours online playing a variety of custom maps . 
  at some point , my disk broke , and i could n't play anymore . 
  so when i got back to australia ( was living overseas at the time -- legit games were hard to come by ) i went down to a store to buy another copy , and the only copies available were ubisoft published . 
  i buy the copy , and leave the store glad to finally be done with that , and excited to go back and play again . 
  not long after i left the store , i read the back of the box . 
  turns out it specifically says online play is not available . 
  had i known this beforehand , i would n't have bothered buying it , i could easily play without online by pirating . 
  i never bought any game for myself for 5 years after that , and even then only steam . 
  and i 'll never buy anything from ubisoft again . 
  fuck them . 
  the fuck ? 
  how have i never noticed that before ? 
  edit : not that it matters , looking over my submission history i 've followed it anyway . 
  because maybe she enjoys and is good at her engineering-related field , but also likes to occasionally show off her more feminine side ? 
  hmm odd , it worked for me when i first started using this extension . 
  ( side note , it 's 10 \u02da right now and i 'm freezing . 
  so glad i 'm not in canada , no offence xd ), 
  edit : it 's still letting me switch back and forth , although i ca n't change my location . 
  also spear tackles are now * mandatory * . 
    drivers must maintain bac of at least .15, 
   in other words , drivers must be as drunk as * everyone else watching * . 
  no that 's brilliant . 
  somehow get the average bac of everyone watching . 
  that value is the minimum . 
  it would probably get steadily higher as the race went on , which would be brilliant . 
  i do n't know about canada 's hate speech laws , but if they 're similar to the ones we have in australia i 'd like to know why you think they 're `` terrible '' . 
  i know americans absolutely love their freedom of speech , and so do i , but americans , even ones on reddit , often take this way too far . 
  hate speech laws exist to protect people from unnecessary harm and vilification . 
  that 's not only physical harm and the fear of physical violence being incited by hate speech ( which i would hope any but the most crazy would agree is speech that should not be protected ) , but also emotional attacks such as those by the wbc . 
   is anyone willing to ask bill some simple questions that do n't prop up his glory ? 
  off topic and unrelated to ted , but absolutely . 
  if you 're able to find it online , watch the episode of the australian show qanda ( also stylised qanda or q&a ) on which gates appeared . 
  he got asked some fantastic questions challenging some of his actions . 
  who the hell downvoted delta bot ? 
  why do the numbers of each group matter ? 
  if a few can manage it , then those few should be allowed in . 
  the standard for entry should be the same for everyone , but if you can reach that standard -- as some women , even if not many , certainly can -- then why should you be locked out just because you were born with the wrong chromosomes ? 
  i was expected the top comment to be something along the lines of `` so , grammar experts , is this actually ironic ? '', 
   except for the usual non-discriminatory reasons, 
  which , for obvious reasons , is irrelevant since you can easily claim it was n't for non-discriminatory reasons without needing much proof . 
  even the bloody kiwis have it now !, 
   along with the destruction of dog whistle politics, 
  could you explain this to someone that was too young to follow politics during the howard years ?
