  yeah , it 's the universal declaration of human rights . 
  check the first word , * universal * . 
  i do n't care what you have to say about your opinions on the un , or on what * you * consider to be rights . 
  the united states was instrumental in drafting this declaration , and has adopted it . 
  not a single country voted against it , with a few abstainers . 
  whatever you think of the un as a whole , the declaration of human rights is truly a universal set of rights that all people should enjoy , unless you can think of a true reason to be against it . 
  if you can not accept that access to food , water , shelter , and basic education are not basic rights , then you are , quite frankly , a horrible human being . 
  source please ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.payscale.com/research/us/all_k-12_teachers/salary ) says teacher 's median income is $ 43,000 ( or slightly over ) , while [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/household_income_in_the_united_states ) says the us median income for males is a little over $ 45,000 . 
  so it 's about the median income , but as i said before it 's a fundamental job in any economy ( along with healthcare and infrastructure , better education almost directly relates to a stronger economy ) , whether you have it public or as a private industry . 
  unregulated monopolies are never good for customers , but with proper regulation they can be almost as good for consumers as a free market . 
  the reason a public education system is a good thing is because it provides * free * education to everyone . 
  the problem in the us at the moment is n't that it 's public , it 's just that it has been poorly set up . 
  as i 've said , other countries have public education that 's really good . 
  even if they did it on a state-by-state basis , there 's no reason the us could n't have an equally good system . 
  besides , i 'm not proposing a monopoly , there 's a place for private education , too , for anyone that is truly unhappy with public education and can afford it . 
  i just do n't think that private education alone can ever provide as good an education as is possible in a well structured public education system . 
  p.s. , i 'm really glad this conversation is staying civil and constructive , unlike a [ certain other conversation ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/10es82/some_questions_about_libertarian_policies/c6d4sr7 ) from this thread . 
  thanks for that . 
  thanks for this info , really good stuff . 
  oh , and you should use chrome to sync your bookmarks next time !, 
  edit : i 'll just add , since the us seems to be subsidising the rest of us , thanks !, 
  please do n't change your system , haha . 
  yeah , i see your problem , but that 's kinda the point of the government . 
  they do what they think is best for the majority of people in their country . 
  of course they ca n't please everyone all the time . 
  if something is a major issue for a lot of people , they should organise petitions , stage protests , and otherwise take advantage of the amazing freedom of speech you have in the us in order to try and change things . 
  side note , i think i 'm the only person on the planet that really does n't like khan academy . 
  i love what he 's trying to do , but i just find his style so incredibly dull . 
  but that 's neither here nor there . 
  true , but if it had n't happened the `` wrong '' side would have won . 
  ( yeah , i realise that it 's kinda subjective . 
  i feel that purely defensive agreements are good because the help prevent countries that want to remain independent from their neighbours from being taken over and subjugated . 
  could you imagine if france and belgium were part of a german empire ? ), 
  actually , no , i 'm australian . 
  i 've been deliberately vague about my nationality in this thread because i do n't feel it 's particularly relevant , and i feel people knowing where i 'm from would have resulted in a lower-quality conversation . 
  thanks for that link , it definitely explained a few things . 
  you are deliberately framing this debate in a completely unfair way , and you very well know it . 
  i 'm not willing to continue feeding your hatred . 
  yearly income is the most important figure . 
  the fact that teachers have holidays is because the students have holidays . 
  i chose average male because that was the statistic on the site . 
  i could also have given average female if you like , but that 's a lower number . 
  i went with the higher one because this way you ca n't accuse me of deliberately choosing statistics which fit my argument . 
  i did n't think you would instead try to ad hominem attack me . 
  even if you were to take the amount of time into account ( which you really should n't : they have a full time employment ) , it 's still only 25 % more , like you said . 
  nowhere near the double that you tried to say originally . 
  compare this to a starting salary of around $ 70,000 for '' [ physician / doctor , internal medicine ] ( http://www.payscale.com/research/us/job=physician_%2f_doctor%2c_internal_medicine/salary ) '' , one of the other fundamental industries in an economy . 
  oh , i did n't even notice the article before . 
  thanks . 
  i should make myself clear . 
  yes , the trade with china is a * massive * part of why australia did well in this recession , but it 's not the only factor . 
  after the last big recession , regulations were put in place to stop the loans that you 've described . 
  i was n't advocating for deregulation in either australia or the us , indeed , i was advocating the opposite . 
  ^ wrote that before i saw your edit . 
  i ( tentatively ) stand corrected . 
  tentatively , because i 'm not completely sure there is n't something you 're missing . 
  my only evidence to the contrary is heresay , but from people that i thought were reliable . 
  edit : however , i do stand corrected , because it would appear that i was misinformed on that matter . 
  ( i realised i did n't make that clear before the edit . ), 
  i 'm not sure the charity point is relevant at all to the idea of social darwinism . 
  nevertheless , that term itself to me seems inflammatory , it 's not one i came up with myself , just copied from someone else . 
  about the clubs etc. , that definitely does seem to be a fairly interesting ( and apparently effective ) solution . 
  my only question is , does this mean that wealthy people who choose not to wo n't be helping others , or was there at least a very strong social pressure to join these ? 
  that 's different . 
  if you do a job where you only * can * work for one month a year , then yes you make the same amount . 
  however , when it 's like that you can easily also get another near -- full-time job . 
  if you do this , then the amount you make in a year is the amount i 'm interested in . 
  the way teachers ' holidays are structured ( as in , a bunch of short ones throughout the year ) means that this is n't as easy for them to do . 
  when i say holidays , i mean what i mean by holidays . 
  if they mean something different in the us , then i mean whatever the us equivalent is . 
  private school teachers get the same holidays as public school ones ( sometimes even more ) , are you telling me they are considered unemployed , too ? 
  i do n't think doctors should necessarily have the same salary , i 'm merely stating that both of their industries are crucial in an economy , and both should be paid accordingly . 
  the level of training required should also play a part , and obviously doctors do more of this than teachers . 
  oh ok . like i said , i do n't like or use the term myself , so i did n't fully understand it . 
  thanks . 
  i guess i just fundamentally disagree with the basic libertarian tenant , at least when it comes to economic issues ( although there does appear to be a group of more social/left-wing libertarianists too ) . 
  thanks for the interesting discussion . 
  it 's been really enjoyable . 
  when i took economics , i was taught that 3 or 4 industries were critical to the economy , education , healthcare , infrastructure , and ( sometimes mentioned , though sometimes not ) banking . 
  the reasons vary , but basically each of them , in their own way , helps make the economy more efficient . 
  if you like i can explain for the others , but for teachers this is because they ( and i 'm including tertiary education here , but it also applies to secondary and primary ) mean that people are more educated , and thus able to work in jobs that require more education , which tend to be higher paying . 
  more education means more jobs in secondary and tertiary sectors . 
  if you want i 'll explain the rest of that aspect , but otherwise this line of conversation has gone on a bit too much of a tangent . 
  not `` statism '' at all . 
  these industries do n't have to be government funded in order to be important . 
  it just happens that because of how important they are , most governments choose to fund them . 
  manufacturing is critical to the ** us ** economy . 
  exactly . 
  those 3/4 are generic industries that apply to any economy . 
  individual countries all have their own major industries and exports in addition to this . 
  that first point is something i was taught in economics class , and i do n't have my notes anymore , sorry . 
   so only rich people who can afford private school get a choice ? 
  ... i would be in favor of a voucher system, 
  an unfortunate downside to it , but the way i see a voucher system is that it would mean that the cost per student is higher than public education , or that parents would still have to make up the difference . 
  i can imagine that if the government was n't involved then perhaps private schools could theoretically fill that gap that they currently ca n't , but that 's just theory . 
  i do n't know of examples of that actually happening , but that does n't mean there are n't any . 
  even if there are , that does n't necessarily mean it 'll happen if the us does it . 
  it also would n't necessarily be more efficient than a public education system . 
  to run the voucher system , there would be costs involved in overseeing that it runs smoothly .
