  i suspect that dorico is the best place to look if you 're after modern score notation software . 
  from what i 've seen , it 's basically sibelius , if it were designed anew today . 
  in australia we have the hemp ( help end marijuana prohibition ) party . 
  we also have the sex party . 
  that 's a bold claim . 
  could i get a source for it ? 
  my desktop computer is one that was very good back in 2008 . 
  that counts as retro , right ? 
  plays heaps of games , including many recent triple a titles . 
  if i were going to buy a console though , i 'd get a ps2 . 
  i had one growing up ( probably still have one in storage somewhere ) and loved the damn thing . 
  so many games that i 'd love to go back to . 
  i never finished dark cloud or spyro 1 and 3 ( did finish 2 though , many times ) . 
  could you explain how spheres and cubes work on a hex ? 
  bearing in mind ( particularly for the sphere ) that they a centred on a * corner * , not in the centre of a hex . 
  and with lines , hexes give you the problem that you ca n't cast directly in front of you . 
  you get 6 directions , while a grid gives you 8 , including the most important ( forward , backward , * and * both left & right ) . 
  hasty generalisation and false cause i get ( though i feel * post hoc ergo propter hoc * would have been a bit more accurate than false cause in this case ) , but where 's the strawman or false dichotomy ? 
  i 'd probably say `` marching band version '' or something like that . 
   cones i think is where you see the real difference because it 's really hard to draw a 90o cone on hex paper . 
  usually we just reduce the cone angle to 60o , which feels a little more intuitive ( to us , anyway ) . 
  i do n't know that the difference in angle has ever come up in play . 
  the cone is actually meant to be 53 \u00b0 , so hexes are damn near * perfect * for cones , while on a grid it 's very difficult to do . 
  see [ this answer on se ] ( http://rpg.stackexchange.com/a/66971 ) for how it maps onto a grid . 
  in short , the answer is `` really poorly '' . 
  but yeah , i just tried out spheres . 
  it works ** really ** nicely . 
  the shape it makes in hexes seems really weird at first , but just growing by one layer at a time nearly perfectly matches what you 'd get with a compass and counting any hex that 's at least half covered . 
  ( at 15 ft. , it misses 3 hexes that would be included through the compass method , and probably more if you go beyond that , but it 's definitely close enough and much more accurate that using the grid , since it removes the weirdness that a `` sphere '' on a grid is actually more of a cube . ), 
  yeah , for lines the way i 've always played is that you follow a path in a single direction . 
  on a grid , that 's any on of the 4 sides of the square you 're in , or a diagonal . 
  i 'm not entirely sure i understand your method . 
  which hexes would be impacted with a 10 , 15 , or 20 ft line fired in the two different directions marked on [ this image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wwa6nhy.gif ) ? 
  community only really did 3 all-out paintball episodes . 
  one in season 1 , the two-parter in season 2 , and the episode 6 one . 
  season 4 had an episode that did some stuff with paintballs but was really much more of a ` darkest timeline ' episode . 
  so 99 has already done more heists than community did paintball : it 's much more of a regular fixture . 
  why is indi eating a croissant out of his arse ? 
   over-representing the concept that this only happens in ib , and that ib is powerful enough to lead to this result, 
  this makes no sense as a strawman argument . 
  i suggest to reacquaint yourself with what strawman means . 
  it 's not being used to argue against anyone , so it by definition can not be a strawman . 
   there either exist claims without references that do not exist in my eyes , or claims with references that exist in my eyes . 
  i suppose , perhaps . 
  but that seems rather weak to me . 
  it 's not claiming that the only situations that * can * exist are those two cases , it 's claiming ( fallaciously claiming , because of the other two fallacies you mentioned , but i am not sure that it suffers from * this * fallacy ) that if you do ib , then something about the ib implies you are in one of those two cases . 
  i could * totally * believe this portrayal of penguin as gay , and this portrayal of nygma as bi . 
  but personally , i do n't particularly like the idea of a romance between the two of them , primarily because i think they make such a fantastic bromance , but also partly because i like the idea of the villains remaining mostly flexible : able to team up and break those teams at a whim . 
  adding romance onto that makes that a much more ... difficult ... proposition . 
   if you are lucky enough to live near one of the select brick and mortar shops wizards has deigned to give their favour . 
  ftfy, 
  as a neutral third party , i would argue that jwbjerk 's guide is an objectively better one than the musicus system . 
  it 's more nuanced , and has specific rules for things like increased flexibility or poor synergy . 
  that said , i think the magnitude it uses is a poor design decision . 
  when i 'm using it , i divide all values by 4 to bring them back to the sensible ` asi +1 = 1 point ' system . 
  yes it does . 
  it 's one of the many factors that goes in to deciding whether or not something qualifies for the fair use defence . 
   ( 1 ) the purpose and character of the use , including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes, 
  [ [ source ] ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/107 ), 
   does parody protect against defamation ? 
  precise defamation laws vary greatly from country to country , but * in general * if something is obviously parody and no reasonable person would take it literally , then that is a sufficient defence . 
  the admins get a list of subreddits that had the highest unique views per day compared to normal , but from that they select the specific ones that will be the official trending subreddits of the day . 
  from googling , it seems like this is related to wizards ' `` premier store programme '' . 
  how does one find out what stores are in that programme ? 
  anyway , my usual local game store does n't host anything . 
  they 're a store in a shopping centre with like 25 m ^ 2 space . 
  they sell games and gaming accessories , that 's it . 
  i highly doubt that such a store is an oddity . 
  of the 6 or 7 gaming stores i 'm aware of in my city ( some of which double as comic stores ) at least 3 are in this format . 
  the galaxy s7 starts at $ 1,148.99 according to [ their website ] ( https://shop.samsung.com/au/mobile/galaxy-s7 ) in australia . 
  the pixel is $ 1079 . 
  $ 70 cheaper than the galaxy , and exactly the same price as the iphone . 
   headphones are n't fun when you 're eating, 
  til i 've been watching videos and listening to podcasts all wrong for the past 6 years . 
   are you sure that 's the cheapest price available in australia ? 
  no , and that 's irrelevant . 
  the official price is the only one that 's relevant because that 's what the manufacturer has direct control over . 
  if a telco is selling a phone for less than that , it 's their choice . 
  the pixel could be sold for less just as readily as the galaxy or the iphone could . 
  no it is n't relevant , because we are comparing the decisions made by the manufacturers in how they choose to price their devices . 
  ah , but this version was an * entirely * brass version . 
  the original has a lot of strings and woodwind playing in the background . 
  so what , does literally every gaming store have huge amounts of space ? 
  is there no such a thing as a small gaming store in a shopping centre that just does n't even have * room * to run games ? 
  awesome job here mate !, 
  this is a huge improvement over the last one . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` adventure '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  sorry , but this subreddit is for sharing homebrew . 
  if you 've got technical problems , it might be better off posted in the arcana forge megathread . 
  alternatively , [ the homebrewery ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/ ) might help you out here . 
  as a side note , do you happen to know if any of the stores in brissy are part of that early release thing wizards does ? 
  i usually just go to mind games in the city but i 'm pretty sure they do n't . 
  no worries . 
  you can flair either by putting a related keyword in the title ( like '' [ adventure ] '' ) , or by leaving a comment with the name of the flair you want ( again , like '' [ adventure ] '' ) . 
  alternatively , if you 're on desktop or your mobile app supports it , hit the `` flair '' button under your post and select the right one from the list . 
  young justice is probably my second favourite animated show of all time , after tla but before korra . 
  the dcau is also really great . 
  batman : the animated series is perhaps my favourite version of batman ever . 
  it takes a little while to get in to , but once it picks up it 's * really * engaging . 
  unfortunately it 's not quite so much of an `` epic '' as it tends to be quite episodic , but you can definitely feel the universe building .
