  and now i ca n't even remember what it is i was remembering earlier today ... 
  yep . 
  this has huge consequences in a number of areas ( and is a major area in psychology ) , but perhaps the most obvious is eye witnesses to crimes being incredibly unreliable . 
  my experience on android has n't been that great . 
  i tried a few of the apps available , and reddit is fun ended up being my favourite , but even it is n't nearly as good as i would like . 
  alien blue on ios is also a pain , but it 's worlds ahead of rif , in my opinion . 
  to be honest , that liberal woman also came across as incredibly snide . 
  the only one that did n't look utterly terrible this episode was the greens ' guy . 
  i have a few problems with this . 
  to me this version has an even worse arc of anakin 's character and why he turned bad than the canonical prequels . 
  why does padme die ? 
  i always assumed in the movie it was partly to do with the way anakin acted around her near the end . 
  did n't he force choke her ? 
  and if not ( and i 'm misremembering ) , he at least did yell at her which could have broken her heart or something . 
  i ca n't quite tell , but it seems you 're implying that luke and leia are actually obi wan 's . 
  it 's an interesting idea given what happens in the original trilogy , and i like it , but i really do n't like the way you 've described how it came about , and i do n't think it could be written better . 
  obi wan should stick to the code , and the idea of him having sex with her like you described seems way out of character . 
  it would be a great twist , but ca n't be introduced in a way that makes sense . 
  agree completely about the droids . 
  i do n't vehemently think they should have been left out , but also do n't think they 're absolutely necessary . 
  perhaps i do n't know enough about this story to comment , but i do n't like the sound of this jedi clone theory . 
  point one there 's really my main point . 
  it does n't seem to me like anakin in your story has any real motivation to turn to the dark side . 
  granted , that transition was poor in the movies , but yours feels even worse . 
  i came across a great analysis of the prequels just a few days ago . 
  it does n't have so much an alternate story , but it describes in detail just what went wrong . 
  would link , but i 'm on mobile and ca n't easily find it . 
  you can check my comment history if you 're interested ( terms like `` analysis '' `` prequel '' or `` the best '' should find it , should n't be more than three pages in ) , or i can find and post in the morning . 
  is it really a common claim ? 
  or is the common claim simply that these games cause people to * enjoy * guns more , and want to be more violent ? 
  honest question , i 'm not really sure . 
  i 'm not sure it would be for actually collecting data , but for providing future generations with a view of their past . 
  kind of like the golden record , but for future humans rather than aliens . 
  is n't that normally the case ? 
  mercury-y ? 
  yeah , that 's why i decided to write `` normally '' instead of `` always '' . ... 
   browsing bright webpages at night hurts my eyes , ** even with f.lux installed ** [ emphasis mine ], 
  and besides , flux does n't work as described for many people . 
  i had it for a month or two , and it did n't help me at all . 
  it 's the one where they 're sitting at the palace waiting to meet the queen , i think . 
  sherlock turns up inappropriately dressed ( i forget how , but i did n't think he was naked ... ) . 
  if it helps spark your memory , i believe he stole something and showed watson later on . 
  what 's this from ? 
  is the rest of the scene available on youtube ? 
   or that 's not to mention how , originally , ultima v had a `` save your friend '' vs `` save many people '' setup , and if you did n't save your friend , it deleted his character file itself . 
  what ended up happening ? 
  yeah , a movie about avatar would be so great . 
  shame they never got around to it . 
  ok , so this one is n't quite the same as most of the others , in that it 's actually performed exactly as you see it in this video . 
  it 's the third movement from mahler 's symphony no. 1 . 
  mahler put fr\u00e8re jacques in a minor key because that was actually the way it was normally sung at the time in austria . 
  i fiddle with the brightness settings all the time , even without flux , using the button on my keyboard . 
  i find that doing this makes much more of a difference than the red shift applied by flux . 
  i 'm curious , though . 
  the fact that each tab and extension gets its own process , would n't that mean each one has potential access to just under 4 gb ? 
  if that 's true , then i think memory issues should n't be a problem with a 32-bit chrome . 
  or , at least not as much of an issue . 
  haha are you actually a vision scientist ? 
  ( because that 's really cool . ), 
  no , i would n't say my eyes are particularly sensitive . 
  to be honest , i do n't have too much of a problem . 
  i just down the brightness on my screen and i 'm usually more or less ok . 
  i 'll invert the screen occasionally if i 'm doing a fair bit of reading without any pictures or video , but other than that i 'm fine . 
  a master of metaphor . 
  holy fuck . 
  i never knew he was alive that long !, 
  just curious , in britain does any driver 's licence cover any car ? 
  in australia you can get a full licence , or you can get one with the condition that you only drive a manual ( it goes on the licence right next to the condition that you can only drive when wearing glasses , if you need them ) . 
  yeah , that works the same as australia . 
  thanks, 
  as an australian , the accepted abbreviation of litres is l. capital letter . 
  what does it mean to have voted against civil unions and for same sex marriage ? 
   same-sex couples wanting to get married will have to wait around four months before they can tie the knot because the department of internal affairs has to upgrade its computer systems . 
  i ca n't express how funny i find this . 
  ah right . 
  thanks !, 
  i thought it was at the same time , which would have been really confusing ... 
  you 're * proud * that it was one of yours that invented daylight saving ? 
  women vote , removing coins all the way up to 5c , being middle earth , this post . 
  you got plenty of things to be proud of , but causing a spike in suicides and heart related illnesses once per year is not one of them . 
  although it was one of yours that first proposed it , it was actually first world war germany that first implemented it . 
  so there 's that . 
  the * real * office . 
  ftfy, 
  especially one that was downvoted , and all the replies to it are criticising him whilst being upvoted . 
  typo , or business making staples ? 
  got ta be honest , the bit that you linked does n't impress me at all . 
  you would 've been better off linking to the start of it . 
  i 'll definitely watch it though , when i get a chance . 
  thanks for the link . 
  yeah , this is correct . 
  the dance had more to do with it than the music , but the general political climate of the area at the time was the biggest factor . 
  not a story `` behind '' the piece , per se , but interesting nonetheless . 
  holst wrote the planets before the discovery of pluto . 
  however , pluto was actually discovered later in his life time , and had he wanted to , he could have created an extra movement for it . 
  however , by the time it was discovered , his planets suite was already incredibly popular . 
  so popular , in fact , that holst thought it was overshadowing his other compositions , which he believed to be superior . 
  almost out of spite , he refused to write pluto . 
  side note , the suite is based on the astro * logical * , not astronomical star signs . 
  that 's why the order is on their distance from earth , and not their distance from the sun .
