  it 's just boring . 
  there 's a subrace that kinda attempts to be about the original lore , but a subrace does n't have enough leeway in terms of flavour to explain the shardmind lore . 
  and it does n't even * attempt * to explain the different philosophies . 
  the original shardminds ' emotions can be nicely summed up in the sentence `` shardminds do n't get annoyed ; they become enraged '' . 
  i never got anything close to that from this document . 
  a lot of waffling about emotion in general , but it did n't get across the core point . 
  on the art , i 'm pretty sure your first picture is wotc . 
  no idea on the second . 
  a google reverse image search may help . 
  oh , also , i 'm glad you brought up the `` saturday morning cartoon '' effect . 
  that 's a really good way of describing the names in the document . 
  but i also think it 's kind of a good description of the way you 've reflavoured this race overall . 
  it 's `` oooh wacky people made of gems '' , rather than a race with this epic backstory wondering how they fit in , especially if they are * not * presently attempting to guard from a far realm incursion . 
  uninterested would be more accurate here than disinterested , i think . 
  but yeah , with a better attempt at * some * sort of direction , it might work better . 
  i think you 'll find a lot of races have a substantial degree of flavour associated with them that is n't really setting agnostic . 
  it 's kinda necessary for an interesting race . 
  dark elves being necessarily evil , tieflings coming out of some sort of pact with devils , and looking at some of the later 4e races , the shardminds and the vryloka each have some ** very ** specific lore which makes them interesting . 
  i do n't think it necessarily needs to be a carbon copy-paste to stay interesting . 
  the far realm could be swapped out for the abyss , or the shadowfell , or the elemental planes , or the astral plane . 
  or you could leave it abstract , and just say `` a foreign plane of existence '' . 
  maybe the subraces come from gates to different planes . 
  if you have heroes of shadow , compare its strongly setting-specific version of the vryloka to [ my adaptation ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/vydfopkag ) for a more setting-neutral version . 
  i substituted out the idea of the red witch being related somehow to a specific god from that setting , the raven queen '' , with the idea that they were formed through a ritual with some `` dark lord '' , with the red witch just being some mysterious figure that was involved in some way . 
  that way , the specific * qualities * that made the race interesting & mdash ; the forming a pact with a powerful being long ago , which in some way had ties to vampirism & mdash ; remain , while being able to be used in a more setting-neutral way . 
  you should perhaps think , what are the * qualities * that made the shardminds lore interesting ? 
  i would suggest it 's being formed from some powerful gate which keeps some sort of interplanar incursion at bay ; that gate having been destroyed ; and the shardminds having different philosophies as to the best way to prevent a foreign incursion from being able to occur again . 
  that is most certainly achievable in a setting-neutral way . 
  i picked it up friday . 
  thought i was better by sunday , but it 's flaired up again the last couple of days . 
  there are footpaths that can be used , or the cyclist can walk until they reach the path . 
  they 're some of the most famous youtubers out there . 
  they run or support a bunch of channels including scishow , crash course , and how to adult . 
  they 're also the creators of vidcon . 
  john is a moderately successful young adult novelist , with books like looking for alaska , the fault in our stars , and paper towns , some of which have been made into movies you may have seen ads around for when they came out in 2014 and 2015 . 
  i 'm sorry , but if it were about corporate investment , the us would still be pretty high . 
  our rule was * always * that users are required to provide sources for any content they use which they did not create . 
  we have n't always been super strict on enforcing it , but it has always been the rule . 
  that big discussion ended up in some useful things , including us compiling some resources of royalty-free artwork that users can use if they want to be fully legit . 
  but we did n't change our official stance , which is that credit is required , but not necessarily legal permission . 
  seriously , i wan na know what the fuck k the context for this is . 
  less than that ? 
  mate , that 's unaustralian !, 
  op has a good thickness of vegemite for a learner , but a true blue aussie should be piling it on !, 
  yes , this !, 
  the swirl is essential to good vegemite toast . 
  surely you meant to say lipton black ? 
   pop ( soda , coke ), 
  in australia it 's `` soft drink '' , just so ya know . 
  your link to the sources does n't seem to work . 
  also , it would be useful if the title included the episode number . 
  i think they 're calling this one s02e05 ? 
  not ironic at all . 
  indeed , it 's quite normal for programmers to have * extremely * plain looking websites . 
  building fancy designs is not something most programmers care for . 
  what 's canvas ? 
  i thought html5 = = ` < video  ` tag . 
  i love the new interface . 
  a built in , site-wide , dark mode ; video that takes the full width of the screen ; watch later buttons that do n't make the link to the watch later playlist unclickable for a few seconds ; and quite significantly , it just in general has an appealing design aesthetic to it . 
  it definitely has problems : you ca n't move around or edit the watch later list without being shunted back into the old interface , for example . 
  but for the most part it 's a nice design that just needs refining . 
  unskippable ads longer than 30 seconds are caused by your adblocker . 
  the king james version sounds so much cooler to read , imo . 
   moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee , go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone : if he shall hear thee , thou hast gained thy brother . 
  but if he will not hear thee , then take with thee one or two more , that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established . 
  and if he shall neglect to hear them , tell it unto the church : but if he neglect to hear the church , let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican . 
  the kjv version says `` let him be unto thee as an [ sic ] heathen man and a publican '' . 
  i think i like the idea of being compared to a publican quite a bit more than a tax collector :p, 
  [ i do n't think anyone even got close to guessing the right phrase . 
  ] ( / r/mattcolville/comments / 6s62uv/new _ video_on_rails_running_the_game_42 / dlaafol / ), 
   that was your government 's fault . 
  they imposed a new tax that basically only affected netflix ,, 
  lol that 's not even fucking close to what happened . 
  the government decided to start making companies that do business in australia pay tax in australia , even if they 're located overseas . 
  that 's all . 
  they started charging gst on goods bought from overseas . 
  it affects basically all online companies that are n't based in australia , not just netflix . 
  it 's one of the rare things the current government has done which * was n't * a retarded move . 
  also , netflix increased their fees by as much as double the amount the tax would have required them to . 
  from $ 15 for the top tier plan , to $ 18 . 
  the 10 % tax would have meant $ 16.50 . 
  the government is now charging gst on overseas goods and services . 
  that 's all . 
  pretty reasonable , and also reasonable for companies to increase price accordingly . 
  not reasonable is the fact that the amount netflix increased their price by is * double * the amount the tax would have necessitated . 
  it 's half netflix 's fault , since they increased their prices a lot more than the increased tax they have to pay . 
  the force awakens and the clone wars are available for me . 
  nothing else though . 
  i do think it 's incredibly unfair that men pay higher insurance premiums . 
  under 25s also pay drastically higher prices than older people do . 
  as someone who tends to drive rather cautiously , i hate that this is the case . 
  that said , it 's not a good analogy for the rest of life , as / u/loklanc said . 
  insurance companies are out to make a profit . 
  they 're incentivised to find * any * reason they can to make people pay more . 
  they 're also incentivised to make sweeping generalisations , especially when it leads to the former . 
   5-star is pretty much the ` standard rating ' in airbnb . 
  3-star would be considered awful, 
  urgh i fucking hate this bullshit . 
  uber is the same and it 's crap . 
  you have to use 5 star as standard because otherwise the drivers get kicked out .
