  when i first read it i was elated , but i went back a reread it and started thinking about what exactly it would mean and i 'm not sure i trust that it really fixes all the previous problems , especially the ones with public domain content ( which is my biggest gripe ) . 
  edit : [ i found the relevant blog post ] ( http://youtubecreator.blogspot.com/2012/10/improving-content-id.html ), 
  good point . 
  the only thing they did n't have to and should n't have done is allow their detection algorithms to have the footprints of public domain content like a * user 's * own performance of classical music or the nasa launch . 
  this is an interesting thread , but i think ops example does n't really fit . 
  digital slrs , which are still * very * much around , also make that physical shutter sound . 
  i really do n't get what age has to do with this . 
  i 'm probably a part of the same broad generation as you , and i love having a watch i can quickly glance at . 
  when i do n't have it on i still find myself glancing at my wrist . 
  that said i agree , most people i know do n't wear them , preferring to have to take their phone out of their pocket to know the time . 
  if those are whiteboards you 're taking about , i much prefer blackboards . 
  they do n't unexpectedly run out of ink and become unreadably faint . 
  i do n't think that 's an age thing , sounds very particular to one area . 
  huh ? 
  what do you hear `` now '' ? 
  i get a busy signal all the time when i try to call people , especially if i 'm calling them back after i just missed answering the phone in time . 
  i could tell time off of that , but i the ones that do it and would never get one myself . 
  it seems like making things difficult just for the sake of making them difficult . 
  when i was 6 i could read the time on the hour and at half past , but only on an analogue clock . 
  i did n't have a clue how to read digital . 
  i learnt over time how to read the time on any clock , but i do n't think it was in school . 
  in my house we had an analogue clock with roman numerals on it , and it actually used iv for four ( most clocks use iiii to avoid confusion with vi ) . 
  no , they simply do n't put the footprint in their system if it is public domain . 
  try ca n't detect something if their system does n't have something to detect it by . 
  to college students ? 
  i did n't grow up knowing , but i asked well before the age of 13 . 
  does this class have no curiosity ? 
  i 've done it . 
  good , simple survey . 
  personally as far as shorthand goes i 'm very picky . 
  in ims ( my preferance is skype , not that it matters ) i 'll happily use lol , omg , and brb , but i never use u in place of you , or gr8 in place of great , etc. 
  ib 's official policy is that it does n't matter what format you use . 
  your school might try to push you into using one , but officially you can use any accepted format . 
  if you 're not confident in using the proper formats ( and to be honest , to save time even if you are confident ) you should use the referencing tools built in to microsoft office , or use easybib . 
  i dunno , the briefcase and pink gloves , not to mention their choice of face covers to me make it seem like it 's probably a film . 
  the gun could be fake , too . 
  to be fair , bit.ly * could * be used to hide malicious links . 
  youtu.be , on the other hand , ca n't , so it 's completely safe and he should educate his friends about it . 
  i 've seen a lot of people say they ca n't edit their posts because they 're on their phone . 
  i do n't know if it 's baconreader or baconit ( or something else ) , but one of the major reddit phone apps , it would seem , ca n't edit comments . 
  is your name the res truth , or there [ ' ] s truth ? 
  yeah , i do n't know what method these people were using . 
  it could have been any os and any app . 
  all i know is there 's one fairly popular combination that ca n't edit ( or maybe just has hard-to-find edit capabilities ) . 
  i just know that some fairly popular combination of os and app does n't allow edits , or makes the feature for editing difficult to find . 
  i 've absolutely no clue what combination it is , however , apart from the fact that it 's not alien blue on ios , and now i know it 's not baconreader on android . 
  huh ... 
  where i am absolutely no one has voicemail on their mobile phones , but i guess that makes sense as an explanation in some places . 
  i 'm going to say the [ copland clarinet concerto ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1za5qebqqo ) and its tie to jazz clarinetist benny goodman , for whom it was written . 
  honestly there probably are n't many pieces at all that you can do this with . 
  edit : perhaps also , to a lesser extent , beethoven 's complete symphonies , by karajan . 
  not any individual symphony , but the whole 9 of them together are kinda owned by him . 
  i say kinda because bernstein is another great one , as do other conductors , but i feel karajan really gets it . 
  [ october by eric whitacre ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eouabodo34 ) . 
  an absolutely beautiful piece of concert band music . 
  i recommend also checking out the [ wikipedia article about it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/october_\\ ( whitacre \\ ) ) . 
  [ appalachian morning ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=vxhnw_epv_o#t=27s ) . 
  another great one , with a great clarinet solo at the beginning . 
  i absolutely love his fantasia on greensleeves . 
  edit : and wait , elgar is n't popular outside of the uk ? 
  i assume that 's not including pomp & circumstance , cello concerto in e minor , and the enigma variations ? 
  is the fact that i did n't get an orange-red for this related to your shadowban ? 
  nice domain name ... 
  thanks . 
  wow , thanks . 
  that was an interesting read . 
  i must confess myself guilty of not knowing very many of his works , but then i 'm guilty of the same thing with * nearly * any composer you could name . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i never said his were the * best * versions ( indeed , i prefer bernstein 's and toscanini 's ) , but that there is a strong association of them with him . 
  one can not discuss beethoven cycles without at least mentioning karajan , but then the same could be said of bernstein i guess . 
  when one mentions karajan , though , i know the first thing i think of is beethoven , and i suspect it is the same for many others . 
  with bernstein this is not so much the case . 
  edit : thanks for the link , though . 
  the actual conversation about beethoven 's tempo is interesting . 
  in terms of tempo only , how different would an interpretation that is `` plaintive , sorrowful , tender '' be compared to one taken as a funeral march ? 
  i would have thought the differences between the two would be in balance and style , but that the tempi for both interpretations would be more or less the same . 
  besides , i 'm not sure i 've heard any interpretations that i thought were a funeral march , but perhaps that 's just me . 
  ah , very good point . 
  i did n't think of that . 
  my feeling about hosting your own server is that it is n't ever going to be as good as gmail in its features . 
  as for paid options , i ca n't comment as i 've neither used them nor done any research into the matter . 
  i 'm incredibly happy with gmail and having my activity anonymously scanned in order to provide relevant ads is not a problem to me . 
  my last comment was just explaining why it does make sense that some people complain about privacy and yet continue to use these services . 
  the '' \u0111\u00e1 '' in c\u00e0 ph\u00ea s\u1eefa \u0111\u00e1 literally means `` ice '' , as in ice-cube . 
  ( and s\u1eefa is milk . 
  it 's literally coffee with ice and milk . ), 
  my old ict teacher previously worked in some it-related job , and where he worked they had a desk with a picture of superman taped in front of it . 
  whenever they had a problem they could n't fix themselves they had to go and talk it out with superman . 
  oh god . 
  you think you have problems ? 
  try using office on a mac in conjunction with the dvorak-qwerty keyboard ( when you hold command it 's supposed to switch to qwerty so that shortcuts like command-c , command-z etc are easier ) . 
  it 's one of two applications that ca n't use the keyboard in a normal and predictable way . 
  i got all your problems plus one more ... i feel you bro . 
  not having been in corporate use , what are the advantages of outlook over gmail 's web interface ? 
  i ca n't think of anything that outlook could do that one would really * want * to do that gmail ca n't , but i 'm sure there must be some or nearly everyone would have switched by now . 
  edit : that was a waaay overly long way of asking `` what are they ? '', 
  if it 's been a few years it probably has gotten better . 
  skype as a whole has improved heaps over that time . 
  i feel as though the pronunciation bit needs to be more obvious . 
  expressos need to go and die .
