  or you could just swear . 
  nobody on here will mind , i 'm sure , 
  well , not if it was perfectly balanced . 
  if it were perfectly balanced , everything would be equal , and thus none of it is the worst ( unless you want to say `` all of it is tied for the worst '' , which is just dishonest ) . 
  but then , i doubt anyone actually * would * argue that it 's perfectly balanced . 
  so this argument is mainly just semantics . 
   with regards to attack rolls , this is termed `` bounded accuracy '', 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  i thought the term applied to applied for any type of rolls . 
   with the highest possible modifier at level 1 being +3, 
  not true . 
  point buy , unfortunately , forces you to start with no higher than 15 before racial bonuses , but this restriction does n't apply to rolled stats . 
  if you roll for stats , it 's not inconcievable to get +4 at level 1 if you get a 16 or 17 and have a racial bonus of +2 or +1 to get a total of 18 . 
  hell , in very rare circumstances you could roll an 18 and have a +2 and * start * with 20 . 
  though i think i 'd probably tell them to reroll if they got that -- unless their other stats were really bad and the party did n't mind having a character like that in terms of balance . 
  but the rest of your comment was very well explained . 
  it is quite interesting that you can automatically pass easy checks at level 9 ( as per / u/nimeroni 's comment ) , and at level 17 you can still not automatically pass anything harder than easy ( as per your observations ) . 
   whether the person even watches got, 
  as per the title , those people should not participate in the survey . 
   is up to date on the released episodes, 
  good point , and that part probably should have been ascertained by asking two questions :, 
  have you seen s05e01 ? 
  have you seen any of the leaked episodes : s05e02 -- 04 ? 
  it 's funny , i often enjoy attributing negative things to america , but this is not one that i 've ever thought of . 
  i usually think `` why the hell do big celebrities get married so damn fast ? '' . 
  as far as i 'm aware , it 's not something that applies to most americans , just the \u00fcber famous ones . 
  i 'd hardly even call him a `` thor star '' . 
  was n't his role in thor really miniscule ? 
  `` chuck '' star obviously would have been better , but so would `` tangled '' star , since he voiced the male lead in that . 
  why ? 
  turn subreddit style on in res . 
  are you sure those are still illegal ? 
  i was reading up on [ yowies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yowie_%28chocolate%29#cite_note-abc-1 ) , which are an aussie chocolate that , like kinder surprise , contains a toy inside ( and their toys are * way * better than the kinder ones ) . 
  they stopped selling in australia a while ago , but very recently they 've opened back up -- in america . 
   correct side of the road, 
  in my state in australia , they 've been trialling allowing that in a few places . 
  so while we ca n't now , hopefully soon we will be able to . 
  in queensland they 've been trialling allowing it in a few places . 
  hopefully soon it 'll get the green light to be a universal rule . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.brisbane.qld.gov.au/traffic-transport/traffic-management/left-turn-red-project ), 
  it 's actually illegal in malaysia . 
  probably singapore , too . 
  a lot of people , largely americans , have an absolutist view of net neutrality . 
  they claim that it is absolutely unacceptable to * ever * do things like provide certain content free from data caps etc. 
  much of the time , these same people have never really had to experience data caps on their internet connections , so they fail to truly recognise the value of free access to information . 
  wikipedia does the same thing in a few countries , including ( i believe ) india . 
  people get quota-free access over mobile networks to wikipedia . 
  personally , i ca n't * possibly * see how this is a bad thing , it means they 've got access to nearly limitless knowledge at their fingertips , without having to worry about it causing them to go over their data limit and/or pay an enormous amount . 
  the same happens a lot here in australia . 
  some of our most popular isps give access to certain content off-quota . 
  iinet , for example , has abc iview ( the on-demand service run by our nation tv & news organisation ) , netflix ( which only opened here last month ) , itunes , xbox , steam , and many more popular sites off quota . 
  if you only get 100 gb , 300 gb , or similar , per month , having access to some services free is a * good * thing . 
  yes , it breaks the perfect ideal of net neutrality , but sometimes that 's necessary . 
  they 're not slowing down your access to any sites . 
  they 're certainly not * blocking * anything . 
  they 're just providing a slightly better service to customers . 
  but the purists hate this idea . 
  off quota . 
  if you 're trying to use backslashes to escape the ordered list , the correct way to do it is to put the backslash before the full stop . 
  item one, 
  was :, 
  item one, 
  but in this case , i 'm not really sure why you felt the need to escape it at all . 
  what you wrote would have worked fine as an ordered list , since there 's only one paragraph per point . 
  but anyway , i totally get your points . 
  i 've never played a tr game before the new one , and i loved it . 
  but from my very basic knowledge of tr games , it definitely did n't seem the same as the classic ones . 
  but for me at least , that 's probably part of the reason i enjoyed it so much . 
  i love skyrim and eso , but dealing with some of the puzzles in those games is probably the worst part of the experience for me . 
  i usually ended up looking up solutions online . 
  perhaps the tr puzzles are more fun , but i think i 'm glad they left them out . 
  still , can really see why those that liked the old games would be disappointed at this . 
  you 're never going to convince anyone that you 're right when you start by saying `` you are so unbelievably fucking retarded '' , and go on to say `` you cockgobbling fucknugget of a retarded squirrelshit '' . 
  really , all that does is demonstrate that you do n't have enough of an argument to make using reason that you have to resort to name calling to help you feel better about yourself . 
  ' `` quota-free access to netflix '' is just another way of saying `` restrictions on streaming services that are n't netflix '' . ', 
  is inaccurate , because the * default * is that sites are restricted . 
  only a select few sites that a large number of customers are * already * wanting to use get exempted . 
  it is n't giving an advantage to anyone that was n't already insanely popular and going to be used by most people anyway . 
  `` you 've fucking fallen for your shitty isp 's excuses '' . 
  but i 'm not defending my isp . 
  i get unlimited data for any site . 
  but i pay a fuck load for it , and the company i 'm with is renowned for terrible customer service . 
  i just recognise that the other isps that do this are providing a * good thing * for their customers . 
  ` so it 's turned into `` pay all the isps their bribe money or you ca n't succeed as an internet business '' . 
  which is exactly what net neutrality is trying to avoid ! ', 
  except that 's not normally the way it happens . 
  the isps that do this are doing it of their own volition , in the australian examples . 
  it 's to provide a better service for their customers with the things that their customers want to use . 
  this is key . 
  it 's not one company paying the isp to provide unlimited access to their content , it 's the isp realising that their customers want to use this , and so they host their own mirrors of it in order to decrease load on their network , and in turn allow customers the better experience of not having to use data towards their quota in order to access it . 
  `` which is exactly what net neutrality is trying to avoid ! '', 
  the primary argument of net neutrality , and by far the most important one , is to prevent the actual transfer of money ( or other goods/services ) solely in order to get better service for specific sites , to the detriment of their competitors . 
  most important is when this relates to slowing down some sites while speeding up others . 
  haha that 's the funny thing , i absolutely loved portal . 
  i liked portal 2 , too , though the gameplay got * really * repetitive and fairly dull about half way through . 
  only stuck with that one because the narrative was so good . 
  but i get what you 're saying , a portal focussing on combat would be * really * weird . 
  no offence , but it would probably be even * more * weird than this tr is , just because previous trs at least had some combat elements ( nb : i could be wrong here , i 'm * assuming * they did , because my understanding is that they did . 
  if they do n't then disregard this whole sentence . 
  ) , where portal is completely without combat , except that which directly utilises the portal puzzle mechanic to indirectly damage the enemy .
