  perhaps the easiest one here , but also the most awesome !, 
  did it come up with a result ? 
  i do n't really have one that accurately fits the request , but [ here 's one of my favourite lines from one of my favourite pieces ] ( http://imgur.com/to8soir ) . 
  not at all . 
  i found it easy because it 's one that i happen to know rather well . 
  it gets mentioned a lot in documentaries and the like regarding tonality . 
  if it helps , have a look at the guy who posted its flair . 
  my apologies , ma'am . 
  no , the only one here that i know apart from my own was tristan . 
  but [ here 's another extract from the same piece ] ( http://imgur.com/enz1cns ) as the link i posted , perhaps a bit more obvious . 
  the top line is a horn in eb , the instrument marked `` dolce '' is first violin . 
  key signature has 3 flats . 
  does that help ? 
  what you mean we are n't all the same, 
  am i the only one that does n't see * anything * wrong with showing up at games and practices ? 
  i mean , sure , given the context of everything else it does n't help , but in general i see nothing wrong with it . 
  i know people who will go to games and practices just because they 're friends with people on the team , to show support . 
  that 's disturbing * inside * high school . 
  curious , why would this be likely to happen in a vote of no confidence , but not if they go through to the september election ? 
  ah , but palpatine got someone else ( namely jar-jar , iirc ) to call the vote of no confidence , making it seem as though he was n't actually attempting to seize power . 
  that makes abbott jar-jar binks , but who , then , is the power behind it ? 
  that 's not sarcasm , it 's called the interrobang . 
  it 's basically a question mark ( aka interrogation mark ) plus an exclamation mark ( aka bang ) . 
  but i suppose it works out as sarcasm in this case , so it 's all good . 
  ah right , yeah that makes sense . 
  cheers . 
  ah yes , that does sound familiar now you mention it . 
  thanks . 
   the student body at these type of international schools is full of rich local kids who have no respect for teachers or school staff, 
  interesting . 
  the two international schools i went to ( in korea and vietnam ) had the exact opposite attitude . 
  i 'd say it 's got more to do with the culture of the specific country than international schools . 
  what i meant was that you could record it and send the recording to us to figure it out manually , since the automated one can be a bit sketchy at times . 
  did you manage to get a result from it , though ? 
  for anyone on mobile , or who otherwise ca n't click the link , [ the link is here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aiaj0gh.jpg ) . 
  not at all . 
  the same is ( from my observation ) largely true of western culture . 
  respect for teachers is abysmally low . 
  it was just meant to be complementing the culture of east asian countries , who recognise the importance of a good education , and respect their educators accordingly . 
  in the case i was talking about , it 's a very social event anyway . 
  often go out for drinks or whatever afterwards . 
  that may affect things . 
  yeah , makes sense . 
  the specific environment would make a huge difference . 
   it 's not illegal because there is no expectation of privacy if you 're out in public, 
  this is key . 
  you may be uncomfortable with it , op , but the law is clearly in favour of the photographer , and so it should be . 
  the fact that in a public location a photographer can take a photo without fear of repercussions is absolutely crucial to our notion of free speech . 
  now , if the photos are being used to harass someone , that 's a completely different issue , and in that case the photos should be immediately removed . 
  however , the default assumption is that this is not the case . 
  for what it 's worth , the page quite clearly makes the effort to avoid this situation :, 
   as part of our posting policy , if you or a friend are in a picture and you want it removed , send us a message and we will take it down . 
  assuming that they actually do this , there 's absolutely nothing to worry about . 
  i got really frustrated when my tok teacher tried to teach the idea that even though science is against it , homeopathy is a legitimate thing . 
  really ? 
  we were taught all of them , but told that our presentations and essays should pick a limited number to concentrate on . 
  here 's what i 've got in the relevant areas , if you 're still looking for help :, 
  self.bind ( '' < configure  '' , self.resize _ window ), 
  and, 
  def resize_window ( self , event ) :, 
  self.height = event.height, 
  that 's a good question . 
  i do n't know the answer . 
  my general philosophy would be that if you are unwilling to check it in as luggage , and it wo n't fit in the overhead compartments or under your seat , then you should have to pay for a second seat for it . 
  the original link seems to imply that they were trying to get smaller instruments ( such as violins ) to buy an extra seat . 
  since they can easily fit in the overhead compartment , that should be perfectly acceptable . 
  this change is definitely for the better . 
  the one i * really * wish i coulda seen without knowing is the ending to planet of the apes . 
  damn those films were amazing ( except the second one ... ), 
  lefty here ( well , ambidextrous with a strong lefty-lean ) . 
  use mouse with right hand , put hands in same position as op . 
  afraid you were quite a way off . 
  the music from the same video that matches the screenshot of the score you provided is [ exactly this point ] ( http://youtu.be/6w-oeq_qqga?t=8m27s ) ( and ends at 8:43 ) . 
  but damn , i love the pastoral . 
  i 'm ashamed for not having recognised it . 
  a cheapo way of doing a double exposure without any editing ( and on cameras where a double exposure feature is n't included natively ) is to take a single long exposure and hold something opaque over the lens while setting up the second exposure . 
  it 's far from perfect , but better than nothing . 
  not really . 
  the first bar of your video matches up pretty well with the third bar of your picture , but other than that i ca n't spot any similarities . 
  could just be because it 's quarter to six and i have n't slept , though . 
  very true . 
  yeah that was my point . 
  you ca n't get them removed , so instead send a request to have them moved to a more accessible location . 
   most of the players are fairly interesting, 
  not me . 
  i 'm about as stock-standard as they get ... 
   finally someone, 
  as far as i can see , only one person ( / u/versedian ) used cm . 
  honestly , before i played ingress i would rarely ( read : it happened exactly one time , ever ) walk around looking at my phone . 
  what exactly is it that people are doing that 's so important ? 
  about 4 weeks ago i submitted a change to something at my university that 's a little over 200m from the correct position . 
  it still has n't been fixed . 
  i 've gotten neither a notification of acceptance nor one of rejection . 
   and switching completely would be cost prohibitive and unfeasible, 
  people say this all the time , but many countries made the change without difficulty . 
  it 's a completely false argument . 
   people usually fall somewhere between 1 and 2 meters, 
  you do n't tell someone your height in feet , you use feet and inches . 
  similarly , we would use metres and centimetres ( or , more commonly , just centimetres , e.g. 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with using larger numbers or using decimal places to describe things .
