  no , it 's to solve the problem of guys like / u/jamie3beers being arseholes , that people like / u/bittrexx would act accordingly . 
  if the aim really was to outdick people , i 'd put it back and sit forward . 
  i can hold my own weight , 
  a while back you did windows vista ads in which you appeared with bill gates . 
  what was that experience like ? 
  bill gates , doing the ad , anything . 
  that 's only if you assume the premise that putting your seat back ( which , i remind you , it is * designed * to do ) is automatically a dick move . 
  i refuse to take that stance . 
  yeah , i agree with you on the bags , to an extent . 
  personally , i carry one backpack , and i 'll often also have my clarinet with me ( because there 's absolutely no way i 'm trusting the people underneath to deal with it safely ) . 
  i kinda understand why people do it , because the charges for going over the weight limit on checked baggage are ridiculous , but at the same time , if you 're gon na do it , keep at least one of them under your seat . 
  ( i always have my clarinet under the seat in front of me when i travel with it . ), 
   if i found out my doctor was religious of any variety i 'd switch on the spot ... 
  i think that 's a bit extreme , is n't it ? 
  plenty of people are able to put their religious beliefs aside to do their job right . 
  interesting . 
  what is the reason that could cause problems ? 
  international school in vietnam . 
  that 's how we did it . 
  exams at the end of the first year , but they were n't * mock * exams . 
  we had ours mid january of the second year . 
  except when it 's product placement . 
  i 'm looking at you windows 8/bing . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i have n't tried the new one yet , but i could n't stand their old player . 
  it was basically useless for skipping forward to bits that had n't already loaded . 
  this really hurt on my slow connection where sometimes that was the only way to get through a whole video . 
  especially since the kind of content vimeo hosts tends to be the sort you want to watch in hd . 
  that said , i used to absolutely love youtube 's player . 
  there was a time when it was definitively the best player out there online . 
  but these days , it really does seem to be getting worse . 
  the bar showing how much has buffered is essentially a lie , it will unbuffer bits that have already played , and will refuse to buffer too far ahead of time . 
  you 've always been able to skip/seek/scrub . 
  in fact , it was really good at that . 
  the only problem ( and it is , admittedly , a * very * significant problem ) was that you could n't skip to parts that * had n't already loaded * . 
  i 'm hoping that they 've fixed that . 
  i 've never seen that on windows or os x. 
  of course , it 's probably easy enough to download an extension to do it , just like for programmer 's dvorak . 
  i can confirm that dvorak is also supported on common linux distros like ubuntu and mint . 
  i got an a * in igcse extended maths ( the normal maths subject ) , followed by a b at additional maths ( the subject you do in your second year if you took the maths exam first year ) . 
  i found ib hl maths really tough . 
  easily my hardest subject . 
  but i ended up with a 5 . 
  i ca n't speak for the people who made the mistake , but ( i do n't use the word parenthesis ) . 
  to me , and ( most ) people i know ( outside of the us ) , they 're brackets . 
  [ these are `` square brackets '' . ], 
  i 'm afraid i do n't recognise it , but i really like it . 
  if anyone else gets the name , could you let me know ? 
  sounds kinda tchaikovsky-esque . 
  i 'm going to say something unpopular here and say that while season 4 was definitely my least favourite season , * so far * it looks to me like season 5 will take over that role . 
  i 'm nearly certain it wo n't , because i imagine it 'll get better , but the first two episodes of season 5 felt * really * weak to me . 
  i have n't seen him play much , but i know i move around a lot when i 'm playing music . 
  piano and clarinet , on both of them i move a lot . 
  i have to make a conscious effort not to move too much on the clarinet because it messes up my embouchure . 
  yeah i know . 
  my impression coming to the reaction threads was that most people loved it . 
  to me it just felt like it lost everything that it had built up over the previous 4 seasons . 
  i do n't see what was wrong with season 4 , to me it mostly seems like a continuation of the weirdness in season 3 . 
  the start of season 5 seemed to try to go all the way back to the beginning , but it felt unnatural to me . 
  without rewatching them i could n't tell you exactly what it was that put me off . 
  that said , i do expect it will get better . 
  the first two episodes were that way because they needed to establish the new ground rules -- jeff being a teacher etc. , and also because harmon needed to take the opportunity to remind people how much he hated season 4 . 
  ( i really hope he does n't continue to do that , for what it 's worth . ), 
  now that that 's out of the way , they can get back to doing what they do best . 
  i 'm * really * looking forward to the new dungeons and dragons episode . 
  / u/iamplasma 's comment seems to imply that at least in nsw , yes , that would be the case . 
  i 'm definitely not going to go that far . 
  i have high hopes for this coming season , and season 4 , i thought , had a much higher percentage of weaker episodes than the other seasons . 
  but i still really enjoyed most of it . 
  i think one of the voice actors in avatar might have been from philadelphia . 
  still , the image could have made it clearer . 
  yeah , honestly , that is exactly how it came across to me . 
  trying to get attention to himself and trying to jam down viewers ' throats the idea of how great he is and how terrible the show is when he 's not in charge . 
  [ this is what cigarette packets all look like in australia ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01939/smoking-cigarette_1939266c.jpg ) . 
  they 're required to show the hideous pictures , have that ugly colouring , and use plain fonts . 
  you have to remember , though , that these things are honestly mainly aimed at teenagers , to get them to not * start * smoking . 
  it 's much harder to get anyone to stop once they 've started . 
  removing the branding aspect of cigarettes ( you ca n't advertise tobacco products in aus , either ) helps remove the `` coolness '' of it , and the disgusting pictures speak for themselves . 
  honestly i think what they 've got now is just fine . 
  a notice of when the * next * episode is . 
  hopefully they 'll keep updating that each week . 
  if you want more than that , the wikipedia page for the list of episodes is perfect , and imdb does an alright job too . 
  i 'd just like them to put the time of the next episode up in utc so that those of us outside the us can work out when it is . 
  it took me until i read your comment to understand the logistics of it , too . 
  see , when he said `` directly above '' a toilet , i immediately assumed it was on the ceiling , and that his family goes to the toilet with their heads tiled back . 
  / r/outside, 
  in australia they generally advertise the price with tax , but on the docket they 'll usually include a price without tax and a gst . 
  the thing that 's most obvious is the price that you actually pay , but the other information is very easy to see , too . 
  i would imagine the simplest answer to that is that normal police are n't required to be held to any particular standard . 
  either that , or they only need to meet that standard upon entry to the force . 
  i do n't know that , i 'm just guessing what seems most likely to me . 
   other countries have similar numbers of guns per capita and much smaller numbers of gun crime per capita, 
  that 's misleading , though . 
  most countries where gun * ownership * is high but deaths are low also have strict laws about storage of weapons . 
  i know for a fact that this is the case in switzerland and finland , the next two highest western countries on the list ( depending on whether or not you consider serbia western ) . 
  even serbia requires a permit for any gun , and that permit will not be given to anyone with criminal history , mental disorders , or history of substance abuse ( including alcohol ) , as well as many other safeguards and restrictions . 
  i came across [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1us2gc/all_armed_police_officers_in_england_will_have_to/celaki7?context=2 ) and it reminded me of this interaction , so i figured i 'd share it . 
  but regarding the semantics of one place being more or less free than the other , i 'd say it 's a meaningless concept . 
  i know i am completely free from fear of gun violence , and i consider that of higher importance than being able to own a gun .
