  if it truly is just `` people '' posting transcripts , there 's no way to know if this is reliable , or if they are altering his speeches slightly , or even completely making it up . 
  but surely the only way they can search it without probable cause is by coercing you into consenting ? 
  ianal , but i think he 's saying that they do n't have the right to refuse your request to leave unless they are arresting you . 
  ah , i must correct myself . 
  * the word `` detain '' seems to not mean arrest . 
  i believe they only need some probable cause to force you to stay there . 
  * actually , if it 's a routine traffic stop , they can not keep you there . 
  you have to stay long enough to receive a ticket if they are going to give you one , but beyond that they ca n't keep you there without probable cause . 
  again , i 'm not a lawyer , and i have n't really looked too deeply into this by any measure . 
  the video series someone linked to in this thread seems really useful , though . 
  like those blasted penguins . 
  dangerous bastards need to be extinguished . 
  i swear , they 're murderers . 
  you 're thinking `` 0 ! '', 
  at first i thought what you wrote after the link was the quote you were mentioning . 
  i thought that sounded like an awesome bible quote . 
  then i realised it was n't the real quote ... although it did pretty much get the point across . 
  cossack , you are the absolute smartest person i 've ever seen when defending their religious beliefs . 
  i have so much respect for that . 
  just out of complete curiosity , what are your views on typical religious controversial issues like evolution , religion in schools , and abortion ? 
  ( i promise my response if you answer me will be every bit as civil as you have shown you can be . ), 
  upvote for using `` let bigons be bigons '' . 
  i 'm guessing you 've not seen how close asian families can be ( and often are ) . 
  also , i find it interesting that all asians except indians are grouped together . 
  that seems kinda random to me . 
  oh , right . 
  hahahaha , i just got completely duped by a novelty account . 
  well played , sir . 
  seems like a very well thought out opinion . 
  oh shit man . 
  that sounds just like me . 
  except that you 're 2 or 3 years in front of me . 
  curious , how far did you guys get , and did you stay in touch after you broke up ? 
  even more awkward : you two went out at one point , but broke up just because of your awkwardness and not doing anything . 
  you then remain friends and do n't want to try asking her again for fear of ruining that for the duration of high school . 
  and that was n't even google translated :d, 
  forget about it ? 
  not likely . 
  more like try to ignore it as best as possible ... 
  still , thanks for the advice . 
  yes , now that i look that up i think you 're right . 
  thank you for correcting that , 
  hahaha no , not really . 
  it 's just that given the context , i was expecting a bible quote . 
  many of my friends who are going to the uk are being required to take some special exam to test their english ability , despite taking ib in english , and even doing english a1 . 
  put it together the day before it was due ?? 
  i dunno if this is standard , but in my school we were given exactly two days to do it . 
  we were given them on a thursday , and were taken off timetable on friday to do it . 
  still , i found it really easy . 
  yeah , me too . 
  my last exam is may 22nd . 
  you ? 
  i sacrificed lydia for some daedric quest . 
  i had been looking for an excuse to get rid of her , and getting that quest seemed to fit the bill . 
  shadowmere is a horse . 
  virtually invincible ( except as a result of large falls ) , and much stronger than normal horses . 
  as another has said , you get him towards the end of the dark brotherhood questline . 
  i live on earth and in asia . 
  yeah but it felt so much cooler sacrificing her . 
  she 'll never have to carry anyone 's burden again . 
  upvote for the second one . 
  i do n't much like the other two though , myself . 
  as couchiexperience said , the reward is ebony mail . 
  the quest is called boethiah 's calling . 
  you are given the blade of sacrifice to kill your victim with . 
  ah fair enough . 
  still , to me it would be better to do it ( whatever ` it ' is ) completely deadpan . 
  maybe reading the real announcements , but adding something in , as others have mentioned . 
  that 's also why i liked your second bullet point . 
  why what ? 
  i wanted to get rid of her as a follower anyway , and i wanted to complete the quest . 
  i killed two birds with one stone , so to speak . 
  yeah , the wiki actually mentions that you do n't need to use the blade of sacrifice . 
  not sure what the point of it is , then . 
  it 's a daedric quest , the reward for which is ebony mail . 
  maybe i 'll go back and make her a thrall , just for you , 
  i also recently had a conversation !, 
  surely there must be some two places in the world that are opposite each other and are on land ? 
  no way man , go to australia . 
  i promise none of the spiders or snakes or lizards or crocodiles or dingoes or jellyfish or sharks or tasmanians will bite . 
  i thought he was referencing the economist john maynard keynes , who said '' [ in the long run we are all dead ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/john_maynard_keynes ) '', 
  fair point . 
  actually , tilt shift changes the plane of focus . 
  while this picture has n't done it quite how it would happen with a real tilt-shift lens , things at the same distance from the camera wo n't necessarily all be in focus . 
  source : http://cow.mooh.org/projects/tiltshift/howdoesitwork.html, 
  yeah , thanks . 
  i saw antipodr references after making that comment . 
  i used to know someone named christian . 
  he was muslim . 
  i 'm interested in knowing the difference between a wyrm and a wyvern . 
  are they the same ? 
  ah , thank you . 
  thanks, 
  the similarity of their names confused me . 
  thanks . 
  ah , you should mention this . 
  based on the description , i thought it was an english literature a1 ee , since no other subject was mentioned . 
  it 's not even that . 
  saudi arabia , and many other ardent muslim countries , take an extremest stance on the muslim religion . 
  the qur ` an , to my knowledge , does n't require women to be as oppressed as they are in these countries ( it 's certainly not even close to equality , but it 's not as bad as saudi arabia makes it ) .
