   really good batteries ( i remember when they sucked vs the industry standard . 
  wow , talk about a 180 ! ), 
  i could be wrong , since i 've only owned a mac since ~ 2010 , but this may not have been the batteries per se . 
  before ~ 2006 , macs used ( as you probably know ) powerpc processors . 
  aside from windows compatibility , a big part of the reason that they switch to x86 was to get improved battery performance . 
  that might explain why it rarely works properly for me . 
  i always thought it was double tap with three fingers ... 
  triple click highlights whole paragraphs . 
  paul thurott ( of winsupersite ) once called the macbook air the best windows machine he had ever owned . 
  do n't think he still holds that view , but it goes to show the point . 
  i have `` define '' set as a keyword in chrome pointed to `` http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/%s '' . 
  works really nicely . 
   does not work with 10.0.1, 
  yeah , it only came around with 10.7 , i think . 
  what the fuck are you still using 10.0 for , anyway ? 
  that shit 's older than xp sp1 . 
  should say `` os x '' , actually , since it only applies on os x. 
  10.7 and above , to be precise . 
  since we 're being pedantic . 
  they sent you an unsolicited email . 
  presumably you never agreed to any sort of non disclosure agreement . 
  you absolutely can , and * should * name and shame these bastards . 
  yar me hearty , it be worth it . 
  download the show , that ye may watch it all . 
  re : a , i 'm australian english , torch does n't only mean flaming stick used for light , or the verb `` to torch '' , to set alight . 
  it also refers to a simple directional hand-held light . 
  a `` flashlight '' in american english . 
   meanwhile , no sexual violence is in the game because no game in australia is allowed to have any . 
  at all . 
  not even implied . 
  fwiw , i believe the law is so explicit sexual violence at all , and no implied sexual violence if it is related to incentive . 
  this is based on what tb said in the video , and a vague memory of when i looked more closely at the rules back when r18 was first introduced . 
  so i could definitely be wrong about that . 
  but i agree with you on everything else . 
  i 've never even heard of this blanc guy , or what he did , before . 
  am i allowed to complain ? 
  i agree . 
  i ca n't stand tb 's game reviews , and even his videos about more general topics are hit and miss . 
  and while this video definitely suffers from the `` heavy repetition of a single talking point '' problem that you describe , i 'd still class it as a hit . 
  he brings up some really good points , and makes a compelling argument -- when he is n't repeating something he already said for the third time . 
  of course the bias will be significant . 
  never mind that many parts of the world , people were asleep when the survey was live , creating a bias towards american viewpoints . 
  the fact that it was n't up for long means there 's a heavy bias towards heavier users of reddit : the ones that were online to actually see it during the brief period it was up . 
  so in the future , yeah , they 'll get far * far * better results when they run it for themselves . 
  i 've started using an ifttt recipe to take all of my reddit comments and put them into a google spreadsheet , so i can search through that for past comments if mine . 
  even if it had n't been for the ridiculously short time the survey was active , using it in this way would be a terrible idea . 
  people would have to take the survey multiple times in order to keep their alts alive . 
  i 'm sure reddit does n't want the same person taking the survey multiple times . 
   i hope you understand that i 'm not actually in favour of a red crayon ban . 
  what !? 
  i feel lied to . 
  in windows , when you sort alphabetically , it still puts all folders at the top , then all files . 
  i can see why someone would find that annoying , but personally i prefer it the way windows does it . 
  one thing apple * really * gets right is treating numbers intelligently . 
  if i have a bunch of tv episodes , for example , labelled, 
  pilot, 
  episode 2, 
  episode 10, 
  it will actually display them in that order , rather than going, 
  pilot, 
  episode 10, 
  episode 2, 
  as windows does things . 
  it 's technically `` correct '' in terms of alphabetical sorting , but it 's just infuriatingly dumb . 
  there are a bunch of things that just infuriate me . 
  any one of them on its own would be annoying but acceptable for the better battery life , but all of the little things add up . 
  it 's been a few months since i tried it , so i 've forgotten a bunch of the problems , but the two biggest ones were the `` awesome '' bar , which is so far from awesome it 's not funny . 
  from someone used to chrome 's omnibar 's incredible power with regards to search , using firefox is like stepping back half a decade . 
  more , in fact , since chrome 's been out now for 5 days short of 6 years . 
  the other big one was ctrl-tabbing . 
  it just does n't work . 
  if i 'm on youtube , or any other site with embedded videos , ctrl-tab and ctrl-shift-tab decides it makes sense to select different elements on the page . 
  it 's * infuriating * , and totally inexcusable . 
  one other thing that may not bother many users , but was a big deal for me , was the mobile app . 
  it does n't restore previously open tabs when restarted , which i discovered the hard way after having to restart my phone , and suddenly all the tabs i had open had disappeared . 
  desktop firefox has had this since at least 2007 , probably much earlier , yet for some reason the android app is lacking it . 
   unless you want to use it for gaming and in that case why did you buy a mac ? 
  more importantly , why a laptop ? 
  for me , my desktop pc is my main gaming machine . 
  but sometimes i 'm away on holiday , and i still want to play a few games . 
  for a bunch of reasons similar to ones others in the thread have explained , i prefer a mac laptop . 
  but i still like gaming on the go , and for that , having access to windows is great . 
  ( though tbh i tend just to play games that are available on os x , because it 's easier than having to go to the trouble of setting up boot camp , and the range is really good these days , anyway . ), 
  he was being sarcastic . 
   ' or 1 = 1 or '' = ', 
  could you explain how this works , and how it can get used ? 
  i certainly hope you 're hashing the password first , but thanks for that explanation . 
  so this is something that can be used to log in to another person 's account , but ca n't be used to drop tables , like the classic bobby tables story ? 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i 'm just curious , as a completely inexperienced web developer , if i 've got a small internal site set up using xampp ( mysql , apache , etc. 
  -- just the stuff that comes included ) , what do i need to do to protect from sql injections ? 
  really ? 
  because i did n't have that problem at all . 
  where i was at the time , we had a couple of different words directed at internal addresses . 
  in chrome , if i were to type `` dc '' into the omnibar , it would generally take me to a google search , but a banner would appear saying `` did you mean to go to http://dc/ ? '' . 
  if i say yes , then from then on , `` dc '' would take me to the appropriate 10 . x.x.x address . 
  as for the search bar , that 's the absolute worst thing about firefox . 
  getting new search providers -- especially if you want to do anything slightly custom with it -- is such a massive fucking pain . 
  while chrome just adds new ones for you , and all you have to do is start typing the address in to the omnibar and then press `` tab '' once it 's recognised the one you want . 
  and that 's * without * taking advantage of the awesome ability to assign keywords to a search provider .
