  huh ? 
  a thread on / r/classicalmusic ( at least , i 'm pretty sure it was on here ... ) a little while ago mentioned that it was n't what you would consider a typical ` concert ' . 
  i think the word they used was `` academy '' or something similar . 
  it would be attended by other musicians , journalists , and the like . 
  this is all based on my memory from a previous thread , though . 
  i watched the whole thing in 10 days at the start of last semester . 
  the only reason i had heard of it was references on reddit . 
  i have to say , i really do n't get all the hate for season 4 . 
  there were a few bad episodes , like the first one and the ` whale ' one , and the whole `` changnesia '' plotline was cringeworthy . 
  but every season had bad episodes ( the first two christmas episodes , anybody ? ) . 
  and season 4 had some brilliant episodes , too . 
  the last two episodes ( the origins and the darkest timeline ones ) were fantastic . 
  people keep saying that the characters were changed so much , but i really do n't see it . 
  they were already * way * down that track in season 3 . 
  if anything , the characters in season 4 were more similar to season 2 than the season 3 characters were . 
  why did you put `` upgrades '' in quotes ? 
  did they buy a new computer that was actually worse than the old one ? 
  rumour is that they 'll be bringing back the start menu ( the actual start * menu * , as opposed to the button that brings you to the metro ui that was brought back in blue ) in the next major revision . 
  and here i am , still not having played the first bioshock yet . 
  annie all the way . 
  she 's too adorable . 
  no , that makes * perfect * sense . 
  i think that 's part of what makes it such a great show , too . 
  there 's something in it for just about anybody . 
  i 'm just curious though , what specifically do you not like about the last two episodes of season 4 , or do you like about the whale episode or the first two christmas episodes ? 
  i realise this might be hard to put into words , and if so then no worries . 
  p.s. , really like your analogy . 
  my mistake . 
  i did n't mind the first one , although it was one of the weaker episodes of the season . 
  the one i really did n't like was the second one . 
  `` abed 's uncontrollable christmas '' . 
  my experience has been that i have n't liked many of the non-live-action episodes , apart from digital estate planning ( s03e20 ) , which was fantastic . 
  my general stance is mac for a laptop , built it yourself for a desktop . 
  apple makes brilliant hardware . 
  the build quality on their computers is outsanding . 
  and in a laptop , that matters a lot . 
  but on a desktop ? 
  not so much . 
  give yourself heaps of raw power for half the price . 
  yeah . 
  it 's an all-in-one . 
  if you 're interested , i believe hp has a few , too . 
  ( and probably some other companies . ), 
  that 's the exact same setup i 've got , except the mbp is new and the desktop desperately needs updating . 
  ( it 's on xp still ... ), 
  boot camp does n't `` degrade performance '' at all . 
  i 'm pretty sure i remember paul thurrott call his macbook air the best machine he 'd ever run windows on ( paraphrasing ) . 
  boot camp quite literally works exactly the same as if you had the same internal hardware and it was n't assembled by apple . 
  it 's a dual boot situation , not a vm ( which * will * degrade performance ) . 
  gaming natively on a mac is terrible . 
  the reasons are n't very complicated . 
  developers do n't write games for mac . 
  most of the games you see on steam , even , are just shitty wine wrappers . 
  yes , gaming on a mac is shitty , but that 's developers ' fault , not the operating system 's . 
  it 's a matter of numbers , plain and simple . 
  the same reason os x does n't have any exploits in the wild causes it to also not have great game selection . 
  corporate networks do n't like macs mainly because corporate it admins do n't know enough to be able to deal with them correctly . 
  you keep bringing up ios , but it 's completely not comparable to os x. 
  yes they use the same core , but ios is super locked down . 
  os x , despite what many in this thread want you to believe , is n't . 
  in fact , you have * more * control over it than you would on windows , thanks to the full unix terminal . 
  was n't that to `` the european union '' , rather than `` citizens of europe '' , though ? 
  ( honest question , i 'm not entirely sure . ), 
  oh yeah , the sophie b hawkins episode was fantastic !, 
  and yeah , it certainly would n't be my * favourite * season . 
  that goes , hands down , to season 3 . 
  but yeah , i actually did quite like the first christmas episode . 
  i was no where near my favourite of the season , but it was a good episode . 
  i made a mistake before when i said i did n't like it . 
  the one i particularly did n't like was the second one , the claymation one . 
  relevant username ? 
  it was n't so much a * joke * as a pointed statement . 
  most people already have that opinion . 
  the way i usually hear it told is that you say `` a young boy '' did this , and then at the end reveal that the young boy was mozart . 
  has more dramatic impact that way . 
  as a musician i 'd just like to say that different clefs and keys are a relatively trivial part of this process . 
  the rest of it is just crazy to imagine . 
  heck , i can barely transcribe one line * as i listen to it * , let alone a whole piece a few hours later . 
  it 's just an insane amount of skill . 
  shit sorry . 
  did i double ( or more ) post that ? 
  i 'm on mobile and have a really bad connection . 
  reddit is fun told me submitting had failed , so i posted it again . 
  repeatedly . 
  guess the error message was wrong ... 
  i think the biggest reason you did n't get this at first was that most mouses * are n't * shaped like that . 
  most are symmetrical . 
  it 's only if you go out of your way to get a good mouse ( particularly for gaming ) that you start finding mouses that are specifically right handed . 
  hook handing like that is * not * the correct way to write . 
  unfortunately that 's the way i learnt when i was young , and i 've never been able to get out of it . 
  if you can , try to find something that 'll help teach you the correct way to write for a lefty . 
  he calls it `` european '' , but outside of america it 's really the normal way of eating with a knife and fork . 
  you put the knife in you dominant hand , the fork in your other hand , and you keep them both in those hands ( unless you 're putting them down to do something else ) . 
   try to find a left handed person for when it comes time to learn to tie shoes . 
  for some reason , that was the hardest thing for me to learn from right handers . 
  fuck , i never realised this . 
  i learnt to tie my shoes later than most , but i never attributed it to being a lefty . 
   make sure he [ sic ] uses a computer mouse in his right hand because that is where most other people on this planet will keep the mouse . 
  i 'd disagree . 
  i 'd say let her work out what hand she wants to use the mouse in for herself .
