  this is completely different to what it was like in the original avatar , imo . 
  i self proclaim myself as the publisher of both of you . 
  you will get the credit , but i will take all the money , leaving you just enough to live off and write a sequel . 
  it would definitely be easier , but i do n't think we can ask people to do that . 
  i know i would feel really awkward being asked to compose in an unfamiliar environment , and i 'm sure others are the same . 
  wow that 's good . 
  where 'd you get it from ? 
  or did you come up with it yourself ? 
  by the way , could you try and explain exactly what `` desexualised '' nudity is ? 
  i dunno , i tried finale once , but it was just way too confusing . 
  i went back to sibelius by the end of the day . 
  but yeah , i definitely think a live recording is a great idea , if we can . 
  if we ca n't get all the musicians together ( depending on the ensemble ) , then we could record them separately and edit them together . 
  what from the books do you not want to mention ? 
  hahaha no , i just googled names of earthbenders and picked a good one that seemed like it could be . 
  i 've heard of it , but not watched it . 
  i 'm not a big fan of whitacre 's choral music ( october is amazing though ) . 
  but yeah , something like that is exactly what i was thinking of . 
  if the ensemble is smaller , then it should n't be too hard , really . 
  person with the simplest part records first ( bass line , probably ) , then others listen to that with earphones while they record . 
  hahaha that 's a great idea , but i do n't think , at least on the first runthrough , the ensemble will be big enough to warrant a conductor . 
  i 've put my vote in for string quartet , but some sort of ensemble with 3-5 instruments is probably best . 
  still , a conductor could help , but having people listen to each other is important , so it would go conductor -  bass -  melody -  middle lines . 
  if it were a string quartet , it 'd be conductor -  cello -  1st -  viola -  2nd, 
  viola and second could probably go the other way around , it does n't matter . 
  but i 'm wondering if it needs to be specifically desexualised somehow , or just nakedness without specific sexualisation . 
  if the former , how exactly is it desexualised ? 
  some examples from william , or you , if you can come up with some , would be helpful . 
  yeah , of course , but the same principal could work for just about any small ensemble . 
  a piano trio , other types of quartets or quintets . 
  if its something like a piano duet , then it would n't really work , i guess . 
  and i just ca n't see us doing an orchestra/concert band/string orchestra piece . 
  it 'll be too difficult to manage all the tracks if we follow the instructions of the mods . 
  as i understand it , they want each new round to have its own track , so doing that for an entire orchestra would be unwieldy . 
  what composition software do you use ? 
  finale and sibelius can both export a midi file , and i believe so can musescore . 
  the original creator ( durpydurr ) [ wants at least some form of written notation ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/feedforward/comments/vimgy/demo_how_i_think_we_should_save_it_transfer_it/c54twrl ) , even if you also record audio . 
  if you write by hand , i would assume that means you can send that in , and someone else will notate it electronically for you . 
  i thought this at the start , but as i read more i realised it did n't make sense . 
  ah yes , very good example . 
  thanks . 
  yeah fair enough . 
  both you and durpy seem to agree on that . 
  i only mentioned it because i thought it obvious that there would have to be one . 
  radio waves , just like light , are on the electro-magnetic spectrum , so radio waves would n't travel faster . 
  i ca n't speak to anything else about the question , though . 
  you mean edgy fucking ? 
  i always choose to read it as ironic when someone says to watch your language . 
  if you read it that way it 's less childish . 
  i do n't buy off itunes , but i thought they got rid of drm ? 
  or is that only audio ? 
  or am i completely nuts ? 
  i love this little-known technicality . 
  reading that , i got ta say i agree . 
  mako and bolin are completely flat . 
  asami i 'm not so sure about . 
  she has some good development , but also some terrible scenes that 're meant to pass for development ( that glare in the mirror a few episodes back when mako decided to take the back seat was what really started it for me ) . 
  pretty sure it 's not blocked , i 'm getting an error that seems more like the site is down , or the image has been removed . 
  what ? 
  who said it 's supposed to be light spread ? 
  i 'm australian and i love to smear it on there . 
  butter ( or margarine ) , and then a whole lotta vegemite is the best !, 
  mac can read but not write it , unless you download the right extensions . 
  ntfs is a hassle to use on the mac . 
  oh wow , thanks . 
  i went to all the effort of downloading two separate programmes in order to do that ... 
  i 'm an alumnus , though i do n't see how it 's relevant . 
  i was simply doing what gets done all the time on reddit , and indeed the internet . 
  contributing to the conversation . 
  he made a comment about `` international students '' , using the term in a way that was n't quite correct , so i corrected it for him . 
  it does n't have to mean ib students , there are international schools that teach a-levels , the american programme , the australian programme , the french , or just about any you can name . 
  i just picked ib because it 's the most obvious example of `` international '' . 
  that was only really a very minor part of my comment , though . 
  the majority of it was pointing out the counterexample . 
  his comment was implying that americans are taught maths far better than all others . 
  i gave the example of ib as a system that teaches the subject really well . 
  i did n't specifically state it , because i did n't feel the need , but i agree that most asian systems are terrible . 
  not just in maths , but many subjects , it 's all about passing tests , memorising facts , etc. 
  i was just continuing the conversation in a way that felt natural . 
  you 're the one that decided to bring `` class warfare '' into it completely unnecessarily . 
  and really ? 
  criticising me for using correct grammar ? 
  is that what you consider a strong argument ? 
  edit : it 's just occurred to me that you may have meant your own comment . 
  in that case , note that my initial reply was just a very simple question asking you to elaborate . 
  if it really had been `` off the cuff '' , you would n't have replied in the way you did . 
  this has absolutely no bearing on the actual argument about malware that you made , but `` iphones appear to be everywhere , but they really are n't '' may not be quite correct . 
  i have n't seen the stats , but i bet if you go for phones ( the hardware ) rather than the operating system , or company manufacturing/selling them , iphone probably will take the lead . 
  i could be wrong , though , this is purely speculation . 
  again , this does n't affect your comment in any real way , because the attackers are going after the software , not the hardware ( as far as i know , anyway ) . 
  i agree , but i still had a laugh at his comment . 
  oh no , of course we 're not arguing . 
  i was just saying that my comment was merely to point out something , and that it really is n't directly related to what has already been said . 
  on another note , these days , here in vietnam i see a lot of high end androids , and a fair few iphones . 
  i 've also heard , anecdotally , that in japan there are iphones everywhere . 
  yeah , that 's why i said phone , rather than manufacturer . 
  there are currently 5 iphones , but a much larger number of samsung phones , including the galaxy s series , two nexus phones , the note , and many low-end smartphones . 
  i have n't seen data of exactly which handset is most popular , so i could be completely wrong . 
  i 'd also say that in the near future ( 1 year , * maybe * 2 , tops ) , samsung will overtake in that respect , if they have n't already . 
  it really is a pointless statistic , though .
