  though from watching american movies and tv shows , i always got the impression that it was more of a `` middle-school '' ( you 'll have to forgive me , i do n't quite know what middle-school actually is ) or lower high school text . 
  not something that would be studied in the last 2 or 4 years . 
  so i found it quite interesting to see in this thread that it actually does get studied at that level . 
  and i loved hamlet . 
  of shakespeare 's three biggest plays , it 's by far my favourite . 
  especially since most students have probably studied either macbeth or romeo & juliet ( if not * both * ) earlier on in highschool , so having a bit more bredth of study is nice . 
  it 's a pretty well-known story in terms of its general outline . 
  probably more than macbeth , to be honest : the idea of a king being murdered and his son avenging that death is probably one of the most widely-recognisable tales there is . 
  not to mention having a heap of the most famous lines in all of literature ( including , but certainly not limited to , the entirety of the famous soliloquy that is n't a soliloquy . 
  i 'm really not sure what makes you say it 's unideal . 
  this is supposed to be the ib , is it not ? 
  certainly its difficulty should n't be an issue . 
  ib students should have had a very solid understanding of how to analyse a text , and decent experience with doing it already . 
  if they do n't ... well , i guess you 've got ta work with what you 've got , though perhaps a talk with whoever was their teacher earlier on would n't be a terrible idea . 
  if the difficulty is n't the issue , well then frankly i ca n't even begin to guess at the reason for your aversion to hamlet . 
  honestly i think that 's how it generally goes . 
  you 're more likely to find neutral or even critical comments about someone that 's more well-liked in * any * field , than you are to find neutral or complimentary comments about someone that 's * disliked * . 
  so you get neutral and critical comments about uk labour politicians , american democrats , australian labor leaders , etc. , in addition to a lot of compliments . 
  but you 'll rarely find such thorough neutral comments about a conservative , republican , or liberal politician from the same countries . 
  i do n't know which of these reddit did n't like , or if it was just because you linked to such a huge number of links , but you got caught in the spam filter . 
  in the future , it 's probably a good idea to keep the number of links a little more manageable , and perhaps try and upload them to a well-known and trusted image host like imgur , so as to avoid getting caught . 
  i 've manually approved you though , for now . 
  what country are you going to ? 
  based on what i noticed from my friends applying to various universities , in the us , extracurricular activities are important . 
  they also make you do really fluffy bullshitty application letters about your personal life . 
  in the uk , extracurricular activities matter less , but they are taken into account . 
  you have to write a letter of some sort , but it 's more directly related to academics . 
  in australia , it 's based entirely on grades . 
  no application letters , no extracurriculars . 
  just your final score , as well as ( to some extent , at least ) your subjects . 
   if you 're in sweden , do n't waste time with clubs unless you 're doing it for cas, 
  fuck this . 
  this is shitty advice . 
  it does n't matter where you are , you should be getting involved in stuff purely for your own sake . 
  to expand yourself as a person . 
  not everything you do should be about getting the best grades . 
  if the scope of your comment had simply been to say that it 's not * necessary * to join clubs unless it 's just for cas , then it would have been fine . 
  but to suggest that someone * should n't * do them , well , that 's just narrow-minded , and very much against the spirit of ib and the cas programme . 
  awkward rules about unarmoured defense ? 
  all it says is that you ca n't learn it twice . 
  same as with extra attack . 
  it 's just a explicit statement of something that should be fairly intuitive . 
  since only one class gets ambuscade , that 's obviously not possible . 
  so what sort of awkward rules do you foresee ? 
  i would hope they do n't make any special rules locking class features away . 
  if it is n't balanced as a multiclass , then it 's not a balanced class , and it needs fixing . 
  they should n't be making awkward complicated rules . 
  both , really . 
  anything that you do outside of school . 
  sports , music , theatre , community service , just about anything . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know much about canada 's requirements . 
  i did n't know anyone particularly well who was applying there . 
  my best guess would be it 's probably pretty similar to the us . 
  maybe between the us and the uk or something like that . 
  oh , right !, 
  i had never looked that closely at monks , so i did n't realise monks ' and barbarians ' unarmoured defense is actually different . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  could you elaborate on what you mean by how you think it should work ? 
  i think it would be interesting if they just allowed the player to choose which of the two they use . 
  a one-time choice made when you first gain the level in the * second * class which gives you ud . 
  it 'd keep it the same as how it is now , but fix the problem where the order in which you get the levels matters . 
  probably got something to do with the fact that there are a lot of pictures that depict them with a blue tint . 
  here 're a few from the first page of google image searching for `` drow '' :, 
  * http://dota2walls.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/drow-ranger-in-the-rain-wallpaper.jpg, 
  * http://dota2walls.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/drow-ranger-the-sexy-killer-wallpaper.jpg, 
  * http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/dungeons/images/b/b1/drow.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20091008235712, 
  wizards actually * is * ( at least from what we 've been told ) having a much more direct involvement in the making of the new d&d movie . 
  it 's also going to be set in the forgotten realms , rather than a non-setting made specially for the film . 
  wait , is elminster that well-known of a character ? 
  i 've literally just started listening to making of a mage ( the first time i 've read/listened to a d&d book at all ) as part of background research for a character i 'm playing that 's a fan of elminster and more specifically making of a mage ( which i 'm pretending exists in-universe too , and which i picked based on the summary from the forgotten realms wikia ) . 
  but i got the impression that it 's set way in the past . 
  from the wikia , it seems the country elminster 's from does n't even exist anymore , and that its capital city completely dissolved , with many citizens leaving and a long time later , baldur 's gate coming out of their settlements . 
  i have n't looked into the timeframe precisely , but it seems like it should be way too far for elminster to still be alive if the film is set in anything resembling what we recognise as the forgotten realms . 
  surely it does n't make sense for him to make an appearance ? 
  unless he 's become immortal or some cheesy shit like that ... 
  even as a joke the idea of wesley crusher being remotely cool makes me angry . 
  that comment seems to rely on one assumption . 
  if that assumption were true , it would be a pretty logical comment to make . 
  the problem is that the assumption is really fucking stupid and clearly wrong . 
  if a good smartphone cost just as much as a shitty so-called `` feature '' phone , the comment would make sense . 
  oh , interesting . 
  i did n't realise drow were a thing that existed outside of d&d . i assumed the name was a wizards trademark . 
  oh , it does ? 
  which are those ? 
  ( and , out of interest , what really is the point of requesting a leave of absence ? 
  either in our simulation or in real life . 
  why not just not show up ? ), 
  oh good , so at least one of them is applicable here . 
  yeah , that 's what i was worried about , based on other comments in this thread . 
  he 's on the same level of stupidity and cheese as drizzt ? 
  but he does have crazy levels of plot armour , does he not ? 
  this is why the crossbar on capital `` i `` s needs to not be considered a serif , and considered a standard part of the letter . 
  well , on that note , `` all of the animal kingdom is certainly not trusting '' and `` certainly not all of the animal kingdom is trusting '' also mean two very different things . 
  i suspect / u/iridepigs intended the latter , but they wrote the former . 
  present, 
  you can watch the live feed on abc iview [ here ] ( http://iview.abc.net.au/programs/abc-news-24/ns1413v001s00 ) . 
  it 's working well for me on tpg adsl . 
  more well than iview normally does ( because of course , iview is infamously poorly optimised ... at least with its non-live content ) . 
  / u/primeinsanity gave a perfect explanation for you . 
  however , it 's probably worth pointing out in advance that if you play a different class in the future , the system used * might * be a different one .
