  that 's a rule that makes the game more realistic and could make combats more dynamic , since players have to move around to get in position . 
  no , the problem is with 5e 's ridiculous movement rules . 
  that you can sprint all out on your turn , and run circles around an opponent , and somehow * not * provoke an opportunity attack in doing so . 
  meanwhile , taking a couple of steps backwards -- just a few steps , easy to do cautiously and without providing an opening for attack -- is impossible without provoking an opportunity attack . 
  if the movement rules were more restrictive like in 4e or 3 . x , flanking would be harder to get , thus making advantage due to flanking less of a balance issue . 
  it makes it more realistic . 
  more realism means less effort to suspend disbelief . 
  suspended disbelief equals fun . 
   which also does n't trigger aoo on them, 
  this is the problem in 5e , not the flanking thing . 
  an oa for taking a couple of steps carefully backwards ? 
  ridiculous . 
  no oa for spending your entire turn running circles as fast as you can around the opponent ? 
  equally ridiculous . 
  pretty sure he 's said on hello internet that he does n't have any tattoos . 
  surely this would be okay regardless . 
  wizards released a free public copy of the map in much higher resolution than this map . 
  in terms of realism and logic , yes , it would he much easier to carefully back up a few steps -- not a whole lot , just 5 feet -- than it would be to spend you turn sprinting around in circles ( 60 feet at least ) . 
  that 's the problem with the mechanics . 
  they do n't let you do that . 
  you actually need * three * backslashes on the left for it to work . 
  the first backslash escapes the second one , so that an arm appears . 
  the third one escapes the underscore , so that the horizontal part of the arm appears , and the face is n't in italics . 
  i actually have n't looked at their economic policies in detail , but i suspect they 're probably relatively centrist or maybe even a little left . 
  where they go crazy is by being way , way up on the authoritarian scale . 
  somewhere around ( 0 , 8 ) on the political compass . 
  that 's where these xenophobic protectionist parties tend to sit in general . 
  so , gin ? 
  starts with `` gi '' , ends with a single soft consonant . 
  this is a good argument , but only in response to people who claim that gif should he pronounced with a hard g because it stands for graphical . 
  fact is , acronyms are ** never ** pronounced based on what they stand for , and anyone using that argument to justify their pronunciation of gif is wrong . 
  but a lot of people have other reasons for pronouncing gif with a hard g , and some of those are harder to refute . 
  chiefly , `` that way seems most natural '' . 
  to me , the soft g is much more natural , and it 's the one i 've always used , but other people somehow arrived at the idea that the hard g was most natural , and linguistically that 's not wrong , per se . 
  considering a town as tiny and insignificant as phandalin has a banker in it , i somehow suspect that banks do indeed exist and have been talked about as recently as 1486 dr , roughly the time where 5e starts . 
  that 's to say nothing of any references to bankers which may exist from earlier editions . 
  i never took economics past the high school level , but honestly i suspect that even half of the gdp dumped into an economy would have a drastic impact on the economy . 
  but then there 's the question of : * is * this money being dumped on the economy ? 
  how are the players spending all the gold they earn through this technique ? 
  if it 's only going to one or two magic item dealers or master craftsmen , who themselves do n't spread the wealth out very much , it 's * possible * that all this gold could have little impact on the wider economy . 
  were ? 
  buy you 're not any more ? 
  is this some freaky friday type thing ? 
   they 're different campaigns in the same setting , which is exactly how they 're meant to be read , so obviously the lore is meant to be entirely consistent . 
  this is what the forgotten realms is . 
  the flavour is consistent , barring any specific descriptions of changes and/or reasons for changes . 
  so if in one edition of the game , people from one particular area used paper money , then barring evidence to the contrary , they still use paper money in that area in 5th edition . 
  even as mechanics change , they attempt to explain these away using explicit lore changes , such as the breaking and repairing of the weave , and the death and rebirth of mystra to explain changes to magic . 
  maybe he did whoosh , but i 'm glad he did , because it provided some context for this thread that i was previously lacking . 
  i 'm a tad confused . 
  you work on the rail . 
  and tonight they 're having more trains than usual . 
  so that somehow means the shift you would otherwise have was * cancelled * ? 
  what am i missing here ? 
  when did he die ? 
  only clancy game i 've played is rainbow 6 vegas 2 , and i thought it was pretty damn awesome . 
  oh right , that kind of `` on the rail '' . 
  makes sense . 
  i was assuming you worked on the trains themselves or something . 
  unfortunately not . 
  all it says is that the townmaster , harbin wester , is also the banker . 
  hi , this subreddit is for sharing d&d or roleplaying game-related stories in the text format . 
  if you want to share gaming advice or other media , try / r/dnd instead . 
  this submission is being removed . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  best of luck . 
  hi sorry , but this subreddit is n't the place for tech support or artistic tips . 
  this submission is being removed . 
  thanks . 
  good for poetry , bad for anything else . 
  especially bad on this subreddit , where the syntax looks for paragraphs in order to insert the greentext formatting correctly . 
  ok , this is some fucking beautiful copypasta , and i absolutely love it . 
  but you 're using it here completely incorrectly . 
  op used `` your '' when they meant `` your '' . 
  correcting grammar makes some people ( incorrectly , in my opinion ) think you 're an arse . 
  correcting people 's grammar when * you 're * the one that 's wrong , especially if you do it with some massive copypasta , really means you * are * being an arse . 
  i 've only had one campaign come up with a serious party name . 
  we got fucked over by some small-time pirate named garr in the first session of play , and from then on started calling ourselves kill garr and making it our mission to try and do just that . 
  in jest , we 've nicknamed a couple of other parties `` kill x '' , but with at least 4 other campaigns finished , none of the other parties have ever come up with a name . 
  personally , i 'd say that if your players do n't do it organically , there 's no reason to force it on them . 
  but if you do want to try and encourage it , in addition to the excellent option in / u/vincek42 's first bullet point , you could try having them meet some * other * party of adventurers ( if it makes sense in your setting ) and having them address themselves by their party name . 
  your party might see that as a cue to reply with their own name , or to come up with one of their own . 
  lost mine ? 
   if you 're just a ragtag band of mercenaries without anything in common , it wo n't be easy to come to terms with your fellow adventurers . 
  a group name is like a family name, 
  it 's funny , but i sort of feel the opposite . 
  for the most part , it feels to me like a group with a name -- at least one that they announce to the outside world -- is a group that 's * less * connected to one another . 
  like they 're adventuring because they 've decided to adventure and wanted to find a group of people to do it with . 
  sort of like a mercenary company that needs an identity to sell themselves with . 
  whereas if you have a common purpose that brings you together , you wo n't so much need to have a party name , and you 're less likely to have the occasion to announce yourselves as a unit to someone else . 
  neither mistake was made . 
  `` your '' was used correctly three times , and incorrectly zero . 
  `` you 're '' was never used . 
  downtime activities are what i 'm most hoping for . 
  but i 'm expecting mystic ( it 's also my second most hopeful ) . 
  if it 's anything * other * than mystic and player-character-building oriented , i 'll be fairly disappointed . 
  but mystic or anything dm-facing should be pretty cool . 
  damn . 
  you could n't have put this out 6 hours earlier ?
