  no , it 's definitely not a typo . 
  12 gb and 500 gb . 
  haha no worries , it was n't actually unclear what you meant , just that in some contexts it could be . 
  and yeah , i shudder at the thought of speeds that slow . 
  it 's for people who would rather use external storage instead . 
  edit : as far as i know , anyway . 
  surely there was no internet ( or , at least no web ) when it broke up ? 
  that seams kinda odd . 
  or is it just for some sort of convenience ? 
  plus , serbia and montenegro would be in the same alphabetical position as serbia , so i do n't see how that would be too much of a problem . 
  sometimes ( edit : not that often , except in forms for which language the page is in ) they put each country in its own language , so germany would be deutschland , korea would be \ud55c\uad6d , and australia would be australia ( chose australia since both usa and uk have a variety that they could be , whereas australia 's pretty clear ) . 
  personally , i wish we all called countries by what they called themselves , or at least an approximation of it ( allowing for differences in accents and pronunciation standards ) , but that 's never going to happen ... 
  they are n't quite the same thing . 
  uk ( or united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ) is the big island off of france 's coast ( england , scotland , and wales ) plus northern ireland . 
  great britain does n't include northern ireland . 
  the british isles include the uk , ( republic of ) ireland , and all the other little islands around them . 
  [ great video explaining ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ) . 
  oh wow , thanks . 
  i really should have known that . 
  thanks for the lesson !, 
  thanks for the thorough information . 
  i think that 's more or less the same way i feel about it . 
  yeah , i get your point . 
  my only question is , do they actually call themselves that , or is that just their formal name ? 
  for example , people rarely say the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , it 's usually just the united kingdom , or even the uk . 
  do they have some similar shortened version ? 
  ( interesting that the full name of libya hays something resembling our name for them in it : l\u00efb\u00efyah ), 
  if they do , then i stand by my original sentiment , but if we really would have to say all of that , then let 's keep with the current names . 
  yeah , i doubt that they would have gotten the attention if they did n't have the links to total annihilation and other major games . 
  nah , it 's hardcoded into the top , at least in the vast majority of cases . 
  yeah , far more , but it really does n't make sense to put the us flag next to english , unless they have both british and american english options as separate options . 
  it * does n't happen very often * , but it does occasionally , and it 's just wrong . 
  ah , so it is . 
  thanks !, 
  i never knew that !, 
  huh ? 
  no , i did n't say that at all . 
  i stressed the word * legitimately * for a reason . 
  yeah , i know that ( i did it myself ) , but it 's beside the point . 
  my point was that you are n't actually allowed to make an account on youtube if you were born in 2003 , since you are n't at the official age where you 're allowed to make an account . 
  ^ ssshhhhh !, 
  ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ give ^ ^ them ^ ^ ideas . 
  someone in another thread said that it 's a fairly recent myth that even sc is binding . 
  they can authorise the use of force , but who carries out that force ? 
  individual sovereign states do , and they can decide individually if they want to join or not . 
   suicide is the second leading cause of death among college students, 
  damn ... what 's first ? 
  and have you got a source for that ? 
  iq is overrated anyway , of all the different types of intelligent , it only really measures logical mathematical and linguistic intelligence . 
  haha loved the tl ; dr, 
  by the way , you started high school in the year people just now becoming adults ( and graduating high school ) were born . 
  food for thought . 
  urgh , it 's always at the worst times - . -, 
  gon na need more than 10 . 
  try 50 . 
  i ca n't sight-sing very well at all , so i put it into sibelius and had it play it back . 
  even without the flat , i still recognised it . 
  edit : not to mention , just the rhythm ( especially the time signature change ) should have been enough for me ( or many people ) to get it ... 
  yeah , you could say it 's the main theme . 
  pictures at an exhibition , by modest mussorgsky , is a very well known piece of romantic-era music , and this is the `` promenade '' , which recurs throughout the piece , almost like `` walking '' music ( the overall piece is about a person visiting an exhibition ) . 
  is [ this diagram ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/yin_yang_from_a_golden_spiral.png ) suitable ? 
  random question to people with a good sense of musical tonality : is the promenade from exhibition pentatonic ? 
  i played it backwards and it had a distinctly asian kind of sound to it , and the number of different notes used here is just 5 . 
  how many clarinetists does it take to change a lightbulb ? 
  just one , but he 'll go through a whole box of bulbs before he finds just the right one . 
  your plugs are , in my humble opinion , easily second best in the world . 
  their just way too large to win first place over the aussie plugs , not to mention that they ( at least in my experience ) have to always have the third plug for a ground , whereas oftentimes you can get plugs in aus with just two . 
  that said , yours are equal to ours in every other way , including never having problems with things falling out and such , which happens all the time when all you have is two round or parallel plugs . 
  beethoven was truly german ( born in bonn ), 
  it 's mozart that was born in austria . 
  edit : nevermind , i misread your post . 
  i think you already knew that , although i 'm still not 100 % sure , so i 'm leaving this here in case . 
  it 's nowhere near what he 's trying to imply , but there is that lack of an 18 + game rating ( which afaik they are in the process of changing ) . 
  i assumed he meant affording to go away somewhere for a holiday . 
  another city in another state , or maybe even country . 
  police misheard the news , thought greece had left the eu . 
  yeah , that 's what i thought it was when i made the edit . 
  how do you compose then ? 
  pen and paper ? 
  you do n't really have to `` study '' orchestration , necessarily , just kinda learn it . 
  figure out yourself what works and what does n't . 
  i have a lot of problems in my own compositions , but i feel i 'm really good at using the orchestra in interesting ways , never having studied any part of composition formally . 
  i did n't even realise logic was a composition programme . 
  may i ask exactly how one does it ? 
  i thought it was for using loops and recording ( like an advanced garageband ) . 
  same goes for cubase . 
  i may have to take another look at some of those . 
  i suppose it does , but i think orchestration needs it a lot less than the other aspects of composing . 
  ah ok , i 'll definitely have to take a look at some of those . 
  how are they for exporting audio ? 
  i do n't compose with any real prospect of having my pieces performed , so the quality of audio exporting matters to me . 
  would what you get out of the box with logic ( or cubase ) be better than out of the box is sib6 ( or even 7 ) , and how easy is it to get a hold of third party sounds ( i 've had trouble with that in sibelius , though i only tried in version 5 and earlier ) ? 
  thanks for the detailed answer , really appreciate it !, 
  wow , thank you . 
  and i thought sibelius 7 's was big at 38 . 
  cool , thanks for all the help . 
  oh , and easy to get ? 
  i 'm * sure * you mean that they are readily available for purchase easily online . 
  was hoping someone would reference cgpgrey , and am not disappointed . 
  when they say `` candidate you share the most in common with '' they do n't mean out of all the candidates , they mean out of the candidates that are likely to win .
