  that 's obama or romney . 
  cheers, 
  am i the only one that really does n't like the term fiscally `` responsible '' , that makes it seem as though the republican party * clearly * has the right idea with the economy . 
  there are a * huge * number of people that disagree with their economic policies , so are you saying that all these people are fiscally irresponsible ? 
  why not use the correct term , economically conservative ? 
  could n't you just explain here ? 
  my understanding is that libertarians want to spend * less * on healthcare and education , two areas that the us is already amazingly behind ( i do n't know about spending at all , but in quality ) many other developed countries . 
  while i think their social policies are amazing , their economics just does n't make sense to me . 
  assuming daystar 's comment is correct ( and based on what i already understood , then i see no reason to think it is n't ) , and they also do n't want to do anything to prevent pollution and climate change , that 's another policy that really just does n't make sense . 
  edit : actually , i have submitted it [ over there ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/10es82/some_questions_about_libertarian_policies/ ) , on his behalf , as well as mine . 
  i have nothing wrong with the actual policies themselves that you prefer , just the wording `` responsible '' . 
  it 's like it tries to internalise how it 's so obviously the right path . 
  i have nothing against conservative economics . 
  i understand why some people think that 's what 's best for the economy . 
  even if i myself prefer an economy with good government-funded healthcare and other institutions ( the dole , pension , education , etc. 
  ) , i understand that some people would rather the free market took care of it . 
  one could equally say it is a responsible government that would provide for its people by having high-quality education and healthcare . 
  this is why i do n't like the term responsible being used , it does n't really mean anything . 
  haha , i really like that analogy at the end there . 
  the thing is , my only problem is with the term responsible , i 'm not debating the actual economics of it at all . 
  my response to another person :, 
   i have nothing wrong with the actual policies themselves that you prefer , just the wording `` responsible '' . 
  it 's like it tries to internalise how it 's so obviously the right path . 
   i have nothing against conservative economics . 
  i understand why some people think that 's what 's best for the economy . 
  even if i myself prefer an economy with good government-funded healthcare and other institutions ( the dole , pension , education , etc. 
  ) , i understand that some people would rather the free market took care of it . 
   one could equally say it is a responsible government that would provide for its people by having high-quality education and healthcare . 
  this is why i do n't like the term responsible being used , it does n't really mean anything . 
  oh fair enough . 
  i saw it ( ravel 's orchestration ) in concert a while ago , and i always do a little background research , so i saw these two bars of the score on wikipedia . 
  according to wikipedia , interestingly , the op forgot an eb in the key signature . 
  it does n't have any actual difference with just this melody , but it 's a small technicality . 
  edit : also , the sibelius thing had nothing to do with me seeing the score . 
  i put it in and told sibelius to play the sound back . 
  it sounded mostly the same as pictures to me , although obviously it sounded slightly strange . 
  oh god , sorry !!, 
  edit : i got it right the first time , though , 
  fixed . 
  how much do you know about software engineering ? 
  haha yeah , it was deliberately open ended . 
  if i were to try and be more specific , i suppose i would ask what exactly the difference between software engineering and computer science is , as well as perhaps what you actually do in software engineering outside of coding , because i 'm assuming that software engineering ! = programming , the same as with cs . 
  i think you may have misunderstood me a little . 
  i did n't say the us does n't spend enough on healthcare and education , indeed , i specifically mentioned that it 's not the money i 'm concerned about , but the quality . 
  i 'm definitely interested in what you have to say more about education and higher education , although i have always thought that -- apart from some really bizarre things in the application process -- universities in the us are supposed to be really good . 
  i think one country to look at with regards to education is australia . 
  each state has its own state course in secondary education ( which is definitely not a good thing , i think ) , but on the whole state schools are very good quality , with good curricula not too based on standardised testing ( part of the problem in the states ) . 
  another good system to look at , although it too has drawbacks , is the ib . 
  the problem with ib is it is currently really only good for the top percentage of students , as far as schooling/grades go ( i.e. , it 's great for students planning on going to university , but there needs to be an alternative for people who would rather take up a trade ) , but its idea of a single curriculum based on both coursework and a test ( but not the sort of standardised testing you get with sats ) is a really good one , in my opinion . 
  i 'm not quite sure about how much is spent per student , but perhaps it would be good to spend it more wisely , and not just throw more money at it , or get rid of public schooling entirely ( if this is not what they mean by removing the department of education , could you please try and explain that , because i 'm not 100 % sure what they mean ) . 
  i strongly believe that free access to public education should be a basic right of all children . 
  as i said , this area is actually one of great import to me , so if you 've got more you could discuss , i 'd be glad to have the conversation . 
  moving on to healthcare , same deal w.r.t. 
  spending , i was n't saying the us does n't spend enough , just that the quality of it is n't good . 
  i should have specified that i meant public healthcare , that average people can get for a very low cost , or free . 
  the nhs in britain has its problems ( as you mentioned , long waiting times are often a problem ) , but if people desperately need the medical attention and can not afford to pay for it , a long wait is better than the inability to get it at all , surely ? 
  i do n't think anyone would say public healthcare in the us is good how it is . 
  clearly the debate is to remove it entirely or to completely revamp it . 
  would a good compromise be to set up healthcare like in the uk or canada ( or australia ) , where people can get the healthcare they need for affordable prices , but also allow people to go through private healthcare if they do n't like the waiting , or in order to get `` unnecessary '' care ? 
  there are probably issues with this that i have n't thought of . 
  perhaps what i 'm really trying to ask is , what * exactly * would be the problem with the us adapting the way public healthcare works in australia , because it * clearly works * . 
  and i 'm not interested in the argument so many people make about the size of the us . 
  the us has a larger gdp per capita than australia . 
  you seem to be talking about these things along the same lines as what i believe . 
  yeah , parts of the eu are in serious trouble , but other parts are n't , and neither is australia or canada ( at least , as far as i know ) . 
  so why is removing public funding for schools the right option ? 
  to me it sounds like the best solution is to try and * fix * state schools , not destroy them . 
  in so many other countries ( including the uk , though i despise the way the a-levels are set up ) public education works * really , really well * , so why can it not in the us ? 
  i 'm not sure i buy the scale argument . 
  look at a country like korea , a population of around 50 million , and incredibly corrupt at the government level . 
  your point on taxes seems fundamentally flawed . 
  yeah , i agree that i would n't want my money spent funding a war i do n't agree with . 
  but you know what i would like the government to be able to do ? 
  build roads and bridges ; help the poor to be able to get urgent medical attention , and allow their children to go to a good school ; fund scientific research for the betterment of our overall knowledge as a species ; and hire police and judges so that murderers and rapists do n't stay in the open ( sorry for the accidental appeal to emotion ) . 
  all of these things , and more , the government needs money , which they raise through taxes , in order to fund . 
  the freeloader effect means that if we do n't have a government taxing people in order to fund these things , they simply are n't going to happen , and where would we be then ? 
  with regards to the healthcare , i 'm just going to say that i agree with you that the current way it 's done in the us is n't very good . 
  rather than making it into a profit-seeking private industry , i would suggest trying to follow the good leads set by many other countries , such as your neighbours to the north , or one of many other countries with good healthcare systems like the uk or australia . 
  haha , i saw the two different revisions you made to that , and it was an interesting thought process to see . 
  thanks a bunch for the help with that . 
  ( oh , and i quite liked the zoology analogy hehe ), 
  for me , the democrats are the closest , but they 're not even doing a great job . 
  it 's why i 'm glad not to be american . 
  if the public education was better , poorer children * would n't * be `` disadvantaged '' by going to government schools . 
  that 's part of the point , i feel . 
  i can definitely see where you come from when you say the price can be improved with more freedom . 
  it 's not a stance i agree with , but i do at least understand it . 
  personally i think a model more like what canada or australia has is better . 
  your argument against public education does n't really make a good case for why it should be removed , only that certain inefficiencies need to be fixed . 
  part of that could be fixed with better pay for teachers ( for a job that is one of the fundaments of any economy , its abhorrent how little they are paid , in my opinion ) , and less red tape . 
  not all of this applies to what you said , but here 's my response to someone else about education :, 
   i think one country to look at with regards to education is australia . 
  each state has its own state course in secondary education ( which is definitely not a good thing , i think ) , but on the whole state schools are very good quality , with good curricula not too based on standardised testing ( part of the problem in the states ) . 
  another good system to look at , although it too has drawbacks , is the ib . 
  the problem with ib is it is currently really only good for the top percentage of students , as far as schooling/grades go ( i.e. , it 's great for students planning on going to university , but there needs to be an alternative for people who would rather take up a trade ) , but its idea of a single curriculum based on both coursework and a test ( but not the sort of standardised testing you get with sats ) is a really good one , in my opinion . 
   i 'm not quite sure about how much is spent per student , but perhaps it would be good to spend it more wisely , and not just throw more money at it , or get rid of public schooling entirely ( if this is not what they mean by removing the department of education , could you please try and explain that , because i 'm not 100 % sure what they mean ) . 
  i strongly believe that free access to public education should be a basic right of all children . 
  as i said , this area is actually one of great import to me , so if you 've got more you could discuss , i 'd be glad to have the conversation . 
  about the environment , i think what you 're saying is absolutely absurd . 
  if that were true , we would n't be in the current state with pollution and global warming problems as bad as they are .
