  as in , one which retells the story , as opposed to telling an original story in the same world with the same characters ( like the simpsons movie , or any of the various movies based on disney channel shows ) . 
  spoilers :, 
  bit hard to have a sequel when the original ends with the lead character strangling himself . 
  though i guess with the time travel stuff , anything is possible . 
  non-replaceable batteries equal larger batteries . 
  the mechanism to allow the user to replace the battery just takes up space , requiring smaller batteries . 
  besides , if you 're gon na be carrying around an extra battery anyway , why not get an external one ? 
  just as convenient , and generally much larger . 
  agree completely regarding the sd , though . 
  really wish i could have one of them . 
  hey man . 
  it is n't just iphone users that hate samsung . 
  we * all * hate them . 
  sent from my nexus 4 . 
   god i hare itunes . 
  me too . 
  but i also hare my pet rabbit . 
  your first two points are great , and i whole heartedly agree . 
  they 're the reason streaming is n't really an option for me . 
  point 3 is fairly poor , since the alternative is cloud storage , which has a 100 % chance of retaining the data in the event the phone gets damaged . 
  depending on what you want to do , i might be able to help . 
  my css skills are pretty decent , but not great . 
  my design skills , on the other hand , are pretty terrible . 
  you 'll have to tell me what you want done . 
  for a resum\u00e9 , i submit / r/dndgreentext , which was all my work . 
  mate , that 's not cold compared to op , but it 's still fucking freezing ( figuratively speaking -- and not far off from being literal ) . 
  if you ask me , anything below about 15 is cold . 
  i 'm enjoying my balmy tropical 32 degrees right now . 
  realistically , anything from about -20 to -60 is probably close enough that you do n't need to specify the units . 
  and also anything below -10 is so fucking cold that who cares what the units are , just call it `` cold as shit '' and get on with finding an inside with a heater . 
  of course he is . 
  so was i. 
  they have n't officially announced pricing yet , as far as i 'm aware . 
  they also have n't announced what content they 'll have . 
  only that they 'll be coming to australia some time ( early ? ), 
  this year . 
  lol no . 
  haha i am an aussie , but i 'm not actually in australia at the moment , i 'm in vietnam . 
  which ending did you see ? 
  okay i know how the movie ends in the director 's cut , but what the hell do b&w and d&c stand for ? 
  and sliding doors . 
  i still like dropbox , but if you want something that does the same thing but is n't dropbox , use google drive or [ copy ] ( https://copy.com?r=upfrdn ) . 
  and if you do try copy , please use my referral link . 
  it 'll let you start with 5 extra gigabytes , as well as give me the same . 
  personally , i keep most of my stuff in dropbox . 
  it works well for me . 
  but i put a few larger but less important things in copy because of the larger space they give you . 
  ah thanks . 
  or time travel . 
  its development team was fired . 
  a replacement team was hired , but there have been no significant updates to sibelius in the  1 year since . 
  the first one is n't unique to america by any means . 
  in australia ( or at least in my state ) you can get a learner 's permit at 16 , and graduate to a provisional licence ( can drive on your own with a few restrictions ) at 17 . 
  the drinking age is 18 . 
  similarly , for most purposes , the drinking age in the uk is 18 , but i 'm pretty sure they can drive earlier than that . 
  nope . 
  i never use fahrenheit . 
  google hangouts would be even better , since it can be broadcast , and people can drop in and out at will . 
  if you 're talking about the uk , yes , i did know that . 
  it 's why i specified ` for most purposes ' . 
  if you mean australia , then no , i was not aware of that . 
  wait , victorians ca n't even get their learner 's before 18 ? 
  or get a licence that allows them to drive on their own ? 
  nope . 
  qld is also 17 . 
  to be more precise , you can get your l at 16 , and your p1 one year after you get your l. 
  this is correct . 
  it 's why i specified for most purposes . 
  nope . 
  it 's true of qld , and one other reply seemed to think it was * only * true in nsw . 
  i dunno , someone replied implying it 's true in tassy , too . 
  sadly yes . 
  you misunderstand . 
  they can * watch * whatever they want . 
  they just ca n't * make * face sitting etc. 
  definitely not just you . 
  i must admit i 've never actually read it . 
  the office did it much better than some of these other shows ( including the us office ) , but part of that may be because the idea was relatively novel at the time , and also because it was a pretty short-lived show . 
  wow that sounds really good , actually . 
  of course , if you * do n't * number at least 1 -- x , where x is your placement of the first of either labor or liberal , your vote is essentially wasted in most cases . 
  anyone know if being out of the country is a valid reason to not vote ? 
  i wo n't be back on aus until mid february , and as much as i enjoy voting , trying to figure out how to vote by mail is just too much effort . 
  is being out of the country a valid reason to not vote ? 
  as much as i love voting , figuring out a vote by mail is just too much effort . 
  yeah this is more or less how i feel . 
  bit i am very worried that they might take the same direction with the macbook pros . 
  they 've already taken a step back for my use by removing ethernet and dvd drives on the retina , and stopped selling the 15 inch non-retina . 
  who 's to say they wo n't be implementing many of these changes in the pro line next year or the year after , also . 
  if they do continue to offer these features on the pro models , then i 'm not complaining about anything . 
  it 's a move that seems wrong to me , but also wo n't affect me , so i do n't care . 
  i just fear that might not . 
   good c++ optimiser might notice that ( x * 2 ) / 2 is redundant and optimise away . 
  you were right here , that is redundant . 
   ** edit ** : it would be ( x / 2 ) * 2 is redundant and optimise away, 
  this is not redundant . 
  it would be a very na\u00efve optimiser that optimised that away . 
  definitely not just you . 
  i 'm seeing that problem right now in chrome for windows and for os x. 
  edit : interestingly , when there were * no * comments , the message to that effect displayed in the correct location , as did the comment box . 
  after i posted this comment , it appeared dynamically in the correct location , but when i refreshed the page , the problem appeared again .
