  people frequently go from one document to another , and so having it remain open makes sense . 
  oh , and fuck that green button . 
  android user here . 
  i quite like the iphone and ios , i just prefer android because i love living in the google ecosystem . 
  you 're not going to hear me bashing on the iphone or on windows phone , but nor do i see myself using either of them any time soon . 
  you just need to use the backslash character as an escape character . 
  that second line i had there was, 
  \\* have asterisks around it like this \\* ? 
  this will work to get rid of any other sorts of formatting that reddit would apply , such as the \\ ~ ~ struck out text \\ ~ ~ , \\ [ links ] ( http://reddit.com ) , and, 
  \\* bullets at the start of a line . 
  yeah that 's how i feel ( not sure about `` that 's been changing '' from what i 've seen , though ) . 
  mac laptops are , to me , worlds ahead of anything from any of the windows manufacturers . 
  however , for a desktop i do n't see the advantage so much for anyone not professionally involved in media production . 
  the price difference is n't made up for by the fact that build quality is better , because in my opinion that does n't matter on a desktop . 
  i 'd rather have more specs ( and be able to customise more and play games and stuff ) . 
  was what a question . 
  \\* nodding \\*, 
  ca n't wait to see them , too . 
  you got yourself a subscriber . 
  i 've absolutely loved this quartet since i studied the play by the same name in literature ( by the way , amazing play if anybody 's interested ) . 
  this version is absolutely awesome , right from note 1 . 
  hmm ... this is problematic , then . 
  i probably listen to podcasts more than anything else on my phone ( and i believe i saw someone say these are really good for reproducing spoken voices ) , but when i do listen to music it 's almost all orchestral . 
  just how mad are we talking with the low mids here ? 
  glad to have helped !, 
  i would like the first 5 mm of that carrot , please . 
  snoosnoo 's story is bullshit , but the way it works is everything paid in cash is rounded to the nearest 5c . 
  if something costs $ 0.99 , you pay $ 1 . 
  if it ends up costing $ 1.57 , you pay $ 1.55 . 
  hmm yeah , good point . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  this is really starting to sound like four yorkshiremen . 
  took me a moment after reading number 1 to realise you worked at a * pool * and not the beach . 
  for that moment i was very confused . 
  middle school kids ? 
  my parents read to me through the first half of primary school , but by the time what you would call middle school came around i was reading by myself . 
  definitely with you on everything else . 
  ( both parents are teachers . ), 
  if you do n't mind , what is ems ? 
  google comes up with a heap of `` express mail service '' , and if i add '' - mail '' , it 's all about maths . 
  just so you know , in most official documents in western countries , name is listed last name first . 
  i just did a quick check . 
  my uni student card , passport , and driver 's licence all have last name , first name , middle name . 
  my debit card has first name , middle initial , last name . 
  it 's because of this inconsistency even with western names that things can sometimes get really confusing when trying to incorporate asian names into it . 
   ... regardless of whether ... 
  ftfy, 
  but seriously , that actually seems like really , really good advice . 
  i 'm surprised i 've never heard it before . 
   in which case i 'd be * somewhat * less ardent, 
  this feels rather rude . 
  in australia , tipping just * is n't done * . 
  we know that the person is being payed a reasonable amount by the person who is employing them . 
  we do n't expect the customer to do the employer 's part and pay their staff . 
  saying you 're `` somewhat '' less ardent about tips implies you still feel people should be tipping , which feels to me like you 're trying to impose your system on other people . 
  or , considering that this survey was ( i assume ) online , people could have copy pasted it into google translate or something similar . 
  ah right . 
  cheers . 
  i do n't know how it works in a daw , but musically it 's as simple as lowering the 3rd , 6th , and 7th notes of the scale ( although sometimes the 7th will be left raised ) . 
  if this is a simple process in daws , then yes it really is that simple . 
  the problem i see with this is ( and correct me if i 'm wrong ) peak usage is in the evening after the sun has gone down , and so solar power is n't really going to help there , unless people store it specifically to use during peak time . 
  my god . 
  i never noticed that before about them being based off of well-known pieces of music , or about the style of the variation being different based on your diplomatic relations with them . 
  awesome , thanks for the info !, 
  i have n't really got anything to add , except that whichever suite [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v32vg-dt1vq ) comes from is probably great . 
  ( got ta say , i feel this piece works much better at a much slower tempo , but i ca n't find one anywhere ... ), 
  by the way , `` but '' is indeed the correct conjunction there . 
  many people say you should n't start sentences with but , but this is incorrect advice . 
  i absolutely love grieg 's peer gynt suite . 
  i had never heard of the middle two movements until we did them in my school orchestra , and they 're both awesome . 
  ( fun side note , we did in the hall of the mountain king the following year , under a different teacher who did n't know we 'd done the middle movements the year before . 
  never had the chance to play morning , though . ), 
  what are you currently using to write them in ? 
  i 'd recommend scoring in sibelius and using the included sounds , which are pretty good , but obviously no match for a real orchestra . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcjkyc1ocym ) is pretty much the definitive review of sibelius 's sound sets , and i 've linked specifically to his string review . 
  you can also get much better results in a dedicated daw ( digital audio workstation ) , but these require a fair amount of technical expertise . 
  sibelius is super easy to get great sounds out of , once you 've got the score written . 
  ( and writing the score itself is really intuitive compared to the competition , although still a pain until you get used to it . ), 
  dude , ama ? 
  i reckon if you did one it would be awesome !, 
  have you heard of planetary annihilation ( successfully funded kickstarter rts game made by a number of the people from total annihilation ) ? 
  if so , what do you think of it ? 
  edit : by what do you think of it , obviously i mean the idea of such a game being made by previously successful devs , and getting such huge positive attention , not a review of the game itself , which may be a bit difficult considering it is n't out yet . 
  haha i definitely understand that concern , but i * think * you can provide proof just to the mods , who should keep your identity secret . 
  you could just avoid questions that might reveal where you worked . 
  well , technically the 90s were only 14 years ago . 
  holy fuck . 
  this is a genius idea !, 
  nasa , get onto it . 
  i did , and i ca n't remember enough about them to know what you 're getting at here . 
  umm ... that depends on whether you count \uc6d0 as one character or four . 
  imo it should count as four separate characters , in which case modern korean writing has, 
  plus punctuation , numbers , etc. 
  just like english . 
  that 's 33 characters , although it could be further argued that \u3142 and \u3143 are similar to upper and lower case in english ( they do n't serve anything near the same function , of course ) , which would take the total down to 26 , the same as english . 
  further , vowels like \u315c and \u3160 could be argued to be variations of the same character , which would take the total down to just 22 . 
  no matter which case you take , that 's a lot less than 2,000 , or even 11,000 + . 
  in the theatrical cut of lord of the rings , lurtz was never named . 
  though he may not be as ubiquitous as ewoks . 
  i realised this just today , when i noticed myself able to remember myself remembering an event , but i could n't remember the event itself .
