  if you 're doing year 11 maths b in year 10 , then that sounds to me like you should be pretty much set up for hl . 
  i did igcse advanced maths in year 11 ( ib in years 12-13 ) , which is roughly 80 % of ib maths sl , and i managed to scrape by with a b ( though half way through the year i was getting a d , which is a fail ) . 
  ended up getting a 5 at hl . 
  it is a very tough subject , and if you take it you 'll have to work really hard . 
  whether or not it 's worth it depends on what you want to study at uni . 
  it was worth it for me because of my interest in computers , i ended up studying software engineering . 
  do you have any idea what area of study you might lean towards ? 
  biology is definitely the easier of the two sciences , but again , you might want to do chemistry at hl depending on what you want to study . 
  anybody here seen the movie vampire academy ? 
  it 's pretty damn cheesy , but it 's basically a mix of harry potter ( the setting ) , twilight ( the teen drama ) , and avatar ( the magic system ) . 
  they had someone do something really similar with air magic in that , only it was as a form of torture rather than flat out murder . 
  i do n't have any interest in watching it or reading it ( saw the first episode and thought it was just awful ) , but i am interested in hearing how they built the wall . 
  could you post it here with spoiler tags or pm it ? 
  i reckon for earthbending you could open up the ground underneath them , have them fall into it , and then crush them . 
  yeah , apart from that one person 's comment , i 've seen nothing to support the idea that she * actually * ate him . 
  it feels exactly like the sort of rumours that would be spread about a leader like her . 
  now, 
  that 's a setting . 
  really useful . 
   captured and publicly executed, 
  i really like the sound of this idea , because it seems like it could be some awesome roleplay stuff , in addition to teaching the player a lesson . 
  another question : why !, 
  for law or journalism definitely no need for hl maths . 
  which sciences you do probably wo n't matter too much , either . 
  i 'd go with hl biology and whichever of the other two sciences interests you the most sl . 
  i 'm fairly surprised to see korea ranked so low . 
  when i used to live there the locals were nothing but friendly . 
  still , koreans are very clearly extremely nationalistic . 
  you 're far less likely to see koreans use a product made by a non-korean company ( when a korean product of at least decent quality exists in the market ) than you would for people in other countries . 
  at least that was my perception when i was there . 
  would be helpful to put times in utc . 
  oh good point !, 
  i 've only ever played 3rd gen ( ruby/sapphire/emerald ) , and i always picked the fire starter , because there are so few other fire pok\u00e9mon throughout the game . 
  if you want one , you basically have to go with the starter . 
  i only bring this up because it 's a different example of `` thinking ahead and being prepared '' . 
   ` easy mode ' has the connotation that players ... are somehow less skilled, 
  i think that 's a tad unfair on easy mode . 
  i play most games on easy or medium , because i enjoy the experience of the game and having to repeat sections over and over again until i get it right is n't fun to me . 
  that 's especially true in games where story is a major factor . 
  everyone that plays ingress . 
  as far as i can see , anything older than the nexus 4 wo n't be getting android l. that 's not a fantastic track record . 
  makes me worry that i wo n't get android m or the second major l release on my nexus 4 . 
  it wo n't have even been three years since the phone was released by that point . 
  yeah , i was super excited when i heard about chat heads . 
  they make talking with people while doing other things * so * much easier . 
  i wish more apps would use that design paradigm . 
  i * do n't * want an app that can make calls or send texts ( apart from my dedicated phone and sms apps ) . 
  i want it to send messages through facebook , to other facebook accounts . 
  i wish it did n't have all that other fluff added on to it . 
  you on ios or android ? 
  fun fact , solar power works better in cold weather with a lot of sunlight , rather than hot weather . 
  i 'm guessing that 's a no , then ? 
  10-08-14 , perhaps ? 
  even so , it 's clearly not 9-10-14 . 
  i knew an ezra in high school . 
  them mormons are weird folk . 
  amadeus *, 
  haha that 's just brilliant . 
  the idea of playing a character that 's forced to keep something secret from the world is just such a brilliant one . 
  i 'd love to know what the party dynamics were like in his group . 
  if his party was accepting of his magic from the beginning ( through hand waving ) , or if there was some tension or whatever . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  great story . 
  my keyboard . 
  i ca n't stand writing for more than a couple of short notes . 
  i 'm with you on increasing taxes . 
  but i 'm not with you on gst . 
  first of all , the gst is inherently a regressive tax . 
  this is a bad thing , it means that the less well-off are being hit harder by it than the more wealthy . 
  now , there are some exceptions to the gst , which are in there specifically to reduce the regressiveness of the tax . 
  for example , basic foods , education , and some healthcare . 
  you can see a more full list [ here ] ( https://www.ato.gov.au/business/gst/when-to-charge-gst-\\ ( and-when-not-to \\ ) / gst-free-sales/main-gst-free - products-and-services / ) . 
  now , some in that list perhaps could be removed , most notably religious services , international travel , and international mail -- though in the case of int 'll travel/mail , there are probably some other reasons for these exemptions that i 'm not aware of at the moment . 
  broadening it to include those food products would have a massive detrimental effect on poorer australians . 
  it might be more reasonable to consider increasing the value of gst , but certainly not the breadth . 
  i 've found it much simpler to set up my gmail account to fetch all my uq emails for me . 
  then i never have to check uq 's email myself . 
  all my email is in one location . 
  to your situation , this would also mean you can access your uq email the same way you would check your regular email . 
  neither have i , but then , we do n't have taco bell here , so that could explain it in my case . 
  i ca n't tell if poe 's law is at work here or not ... 
  where the fuck do you vote that you get free food ? 
  i wan na move there . 
  i 've had to vote twice in the last 12 months ( federal election + a queensland parliament by-election ) , no free food for me . 
  mps *, 
  the greens , palmer , family first , all have parties with no ministers . 
  heck , at any given time , either labor or liberal will be a party with no ministers . 
  the sex party was running for house of reps in your electorate ? 
  i did n't even realise they ran for any seats . 
  thought they were a senate-only party ... 
  yeah , it 's an annoying distinction . 
  i find myself making the same mistake frequently . 
  story time ? 
  ( on the third image . ), 
  i 've not been to melbourne since this was introduced , but how does it compare to seq 's gocard system ? 
  here , most major bus and train stations have a top-up machine , but more importantly , the card is always valid ( does n't expire ) , and you can set it up to auto-top-up online . 
  it 'll let you go a little bit below $ 0 in case you run out unexpectedly . 
  to be honest , here , most people i 've talked to do n't seem to even * know * about auto-top-up . 
  sure , there may be `` only a few items that currently do n't have gst applied '' , but those items are ones that are disproportionately purchased by people on lower incomes . 
  that 's * why * they 're excluded .
