  the biggest difference being the ten is basically introduced as a complete non sequitur , and then the conclusion ties it back in to the actual story . 
  in western literature this would be more like the telling of an event that changes things , which is then resolved . 
  shit seriously ? 
  i just booked a flight with air asia and had to pay separately for inflight entertainment , * all * meals , and * all * checked baggage ( zero checked baggage for free ) . 
  air asia is , however , a dirt-cheap airline . 
  other airlines i 've been with : qantas , thai , singapore , malaysia , korea , even brunei if my memory is correct , all provide some basic food and checked baggage allowance for free . 
  they certainly do n't charge for the inflight entertainment system . 
   kecap manis , pronounced ketchup marnus , is a type of soy sauce . 
   tomato sauce is virtually the same as american ketchup . 
   the word ` ketchup ' is actually an americanised version of the word ` kecap ' from indonesia , which is where kecap manis is from . 
  the more you know . 
  thanks , / u/draemor, 
  this . 
  applecare on a mac ( not so much on an ios device ) is a totally worthwhile investment . 
  oh god you 're right !, 
  i did n't notice that . 
  that one that you guys profiteered off of . 
   next week : `` my statistics class is doing a study on pansexual zoroastrian vegans from hong kong who now live in somalia . '', 
  yes !, 
  some of my favourite films have been foreign . 
  jean de florette is one of my all-time favourites ( still got ta get around to watching manon des sources ... ) , and in line with a comment further up where the person liked classical music , the film le concert is just incredible . 
  i prefer to think of it as classical versus classical music . 
  big c classical music is the era that saw haydn , mozart , and early beethoven , while little c classical is the wider ` genre ' ( though the term genre as applied to western art music is a different thing ) that encompasses baroque , classical , and romantic eras , as well as some 20th century classical music . 
  not really conversely , it 's exactly the same . 
  the variety within classical music is immense . 
  certainly larger than you 'll get within any one modern ` genre ' . 
  the problem is that you 're lumping the entirety of 300 years worth of music under one umbrella , so the amount of variety in mood and style is at least equal to the amount you could get from modern popular music . 
  the real answer is being less pretentious . 
  encourage people to come in casual clothes , offer cheap tickets etc. , all while putting on top-quality performances . 
  i think educating audiences is also a really good way to go . 
  the bbc proms do a really good job of this , with standing tickets for # 5 if you by on the day , and cheap sitting tickets are only like # 15 or something . 
  they also -- on television -- give some history behind the music and the performers , which really helps get people engaged . 
  i 'd like to see more concerts where the conductor turns around to the audience before the piece and explains some of the history behind it . 
  the conductor of the local amateur orchestra i used to play in did this , and you could tell the audience really enjoyed it . 
  my favourite feature of word that i just have n't found a comparable version of in any other word processor is its referencing tools . 
  it 'll just * do * your referencing for you , which is so useful . 
  even if it needs to be edited in some areas , you can make it a pdf with forms built in and they can do that . 
  i just yesterday came across a pdf that was a form i needed to fill out , and found to my astonishment that both chrome 's built-in pdf renderer and os x 's `` review '' were able to fill out the fill-outable bits just by clicking on them and typing . 
  boston legal was an awesome show !, 
  is n't set theory more or less * where arithmetic comes from * ? 
  as / u/iamthechampionbitchs said , it 's from lord of the rings . 
  specifically , it 's from the poem [ all that is gold does not glitter ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all_that_is_gold_does_not_glitter ) :, 
  all that is gold does not glitter ,, 
  not all those who wander are lost ;, 
  the old that is strong does not wither ,, 
  deep roots are not reached by the frost . 
  from the ashes a fire shall be woken ,, 
  a light from the shadows shall spring ;, 
  renewed shall be blade that was broken ,, 
  the crownless again shall be king . 
  i 'm excited for when the hobbit trilogy is out . 
  if its extended editions are about the same length ( just shy of 12 hours ) as the extended editions of lord of the rings , i 'm definitely gon na do a midnight to midnight run through of the entire thing . 
  on a recent podcast ( one of the ones on the twit network , but i do n't know which ) someone mentioned briefly that they had talked off the record with someone from valve , who said that they 're not going to be doing half life 3 . 
  which makes sense , when you think about it . 
  the amount of hype the internet has built up over that game is just immense , there is absolutely no way that valve could possibly live up to the expectations . 
  as a result , no matter how good a game they come up with , half life 3 would be a massive disappointment . 
  so they wo n't do it . 
  that entire second paragraph is speculation on my part , though . 
  marikwald is my otp !, 
  you keep saying that , but i 'm not really sure what you mean . 
  to be honest , i 'm not really sure you have a clear idea of what you mean . 
  `` the way in which you use the resources at hand '' is essentially arguing about how high the quality of what you produce is . 
  when what you 're producing is a tv show , that 's art . 
  if good quality shows ca n't continue to be produced without subsidies , then that 's a really bad thing . 
  i was under the impression that the basic idea of numbers comes from power sets of the null set . 
  i know what a group is , but do groups not need arithmetic to exist in order to work ? 
  ( i mean , i suppose not technically , but your basic groups like integers under addition or rational numbers excluding zero under multiplication do . ), 
  do n't worry , if you have n't actually learnt french the pronunciations are really unintuitive . 
  for further context , a literal translation of `` \u00e0 l'eau , c'est l'heure '' is `` at the water , it is the time '' , so it works on two levels . 
  whoa now , let 's not go and say shutter speed and frame rate are not related . 
  obviously the shutter speed has to be at least as fast as the frame rate , i.e. 
  if it 's 25 fps the minimum shutter speed is 1/25th of a second . 
  however , the norm is to have a `` 180 degree shutter '' , except where for artistic reasons ( that i 'm not going to get into here , suffice to say it makes things look ` sharper ' or more smooth ) you want a shorter or longer shutter speed . 
  i wo n't go in to the specifics of the history of why it 's called 180 degree shutter , but it is n't too complicated and you could look it up , but what it means in practice today is that if you 're using 25 fps , you 'll usually have 1/50th as your shutter speed . 
  n.b. , i used 25 as my example rather than 24 because most dslrs ca n't actually do 1/24 or 1/48 as a shutter speed , although they will be able to do 24 fps . 
  i did n't use 30 fps because i 'm in a pal country so it would n't make sense . 
  also , none of this is actually particularly relevant in this case , because they effect seen here is actually nothing to do with this . 
  it 's a rolling shutter effect , and if you were to actually watch the thing in really slow motion ( say , captured at 5,000 fps ) it would look nothing like this . 
  urgh i hate it when they put a max password limit . 
  my fucking * bank * has an 8 character limit . 
  but regarding the autocorrect , most autocorrect systems these days are somewhat context sensitive , so doubtless it looked at the word ( s ) that came before and thought that `` it is '' made more sense in context than `` belonging to it '' . 
  it 's a flawed system , clearly , but it 's not as dumb as simply assuming that `` its '' is n't a real word and `` correcting '' it . 
  i did n't even notice that there was korean at first . 
  it looks like it 's about to say \ub3fc\uc9c0\uac08\ube44 ( dwaeji galbi ) , which is a particular type of korean barbeque . 
  ( i get that you get this , / u/trajon , this is for the benefit of others reading this who do n't . ), 
  most restaurants i 've actually bothered to look at the time for have a `` last order '' time , and then a closing time a little while ( ~ 30 min ) after that . 
  i did n't realise that this is n't normal worldwide . 
  the article mentions this . 
  basically , you should sit at the greatest angle you can without sliding off . 
  oh for god 's sake somebody give the original guy gold !, 
  here 's the comment i left on boogie2988 's video regarding this topic . 
  for context , when i said `` removing the character limit is a terrible idea '' i actually meant pulling the character limit all the way back to 500 . 
  having an unlimited -- or at least sufficiently large -- character limit is a * good * thing . 
   removing the character limit is an absolutely terrible idea . 
  i 'm sorry boogie , but it just is . 
   previously , it was absolutely impossible to have a proper conversation with someone , because the amount of characters in a single comment were just far too small . 
  i just recently saw an incredible conversation on a crashcourse episode ( [ nuclear chemistry : crash course chemistry # 38 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwasz59f8ga ) , see the comment from + thelowstef ) where one person initially wrote a rather scathing ( but also very polite ) review of the episode and its supposed scientific errors , and then there was a lengthy back and forth until a polite conclusion was reached . 
  this is exactly what we should be encouraging , and having comments without limit ( or at least with a significantly large limit , i 'd say around 10,000 characters is a good amount ) is the only way to do that . 
   same with external links . 
  there are incredible potential uses for linking to external content on youtube , and being unable to do it was nothing more than a limitation .
