  that said , i 'm amazed so few people seem to have never heard of the southern ocean before . 
  i guess i just took it for granted being from australia . 
  pluto is n't a planet because it has n't cleared its orbit of all other objects ( part of the definition of a planet ) . 
  the southern ocean is an ocean because of the way ocean currents are completely separated down there . 
  man jay freeman comes across as a douche in the comment there ... 
  only if they 're enlightened . 
  ok sure . 
  i did n't bother before because i definitely did n't think you 'd be seeing it . 
  basically , it 's their product , and they 're entitled to allow or disallow anything they want . 
  you should be allowed to do anything you 're able to do ( by which i mean , legal action against rooting/jailbreaking etc. 
  should not be a think ) , but if they do n't want you doing those things , then i think they have every right to make it difficult for you to . 
  it seems to me that what google has done is left it relatively open , and it comes across as douchey to me that you would expect them to leave it even more open , and complain that they have n't . 
  for context , the * only * stuff i 've heard about this entire ordeal is this thread as it stood when i made my first comment , plus a brief overview of how the thread has changed since , as well as the g + link posted by / u/the _ ammar . 
  perhaps i have n't got all the information , but it did come across as douchey from my standpoint . 
  by the way , i had no idea you were a redditor . 
  i just want to say thanks so much for all the stuff you 've done on ios . 
  i was never * super * in to all that stuff , but i was jailbroken for quite a while when i had an ipod touch , and i 'm really glad that that stuff is possible . 
  this is one of my favourite little titbits to tell people . 
  also , it 's pronounced with an emphasis on the * second * syllable , not the ( more intuitive ) emphasis on the first syllable . 
  i * think * he 's saying, 
   if [ rome sweet rome ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/romesweetrome ) is being made into a feature film , this ( / u/mach -2 's story ) should be made into a documentary . 
  reddit 's big on self-loathing . 
  i agree with you here . 
  as a clarinetist , i only want to see breath marks when the composer desires a breath specifically for artistic purposes , i.e. , to make me breathe to put a pause in the music where i likely would n't put one otherwise . 
  edit : in fact , other breath marks may be off-putting , as i may mistake them for the aforementioned artistic breath marks . 
  seconded . 
  look at any great concerto and you 'll see this is a very common technique . 
  i 'm honestly not a fan of solo flute music in general ( though i love its sound in an orchestral texture , and even for solos within orchestral works ) , but i really enjoyed this . 
  a lot . 
  i really hope to see more from you . 
  it 's funny , that 's exactly what i 'm talking about when i say i do n't mind flute solos in an orchestral piece . 
  i was thinking specifically of the start of debussy 's prelude to the afternoon of a faun . 
  i 'd love too , but it 's not something i can really explain . 
  i guess it just sounds too airy or something . 
  i 'm just not a big fan of the flute 's timbre . 
  like i said , though , within an orchestral piece it can sound absolutely amazing . 
  edit : by the way , i 've actually seen quite a few other people who think the same way . 
  ca n't explain why , but it 's usually the flute . 
  my thought is that states would still exist for federal senate elections and sport . 
  yeah , clearly op uses :[ far more than  . 
  op is depressed . 
  well that 's fairly simple , i 'd say . 
  the number of people playing has risen , and therefore the number of submissions made has risen exponentially with it . 
  the number of people in the approval process is probably constant , and so the time taken has increased . 
  i do n't understand what this `` goatse '' portal thing is , but we recently had one approved here . 
  [ well , not all the time ] ( http://www.sftv.com.au/content/blog/pictures/colinbakerwho.jpg ) . 
  op ( finally ) delivers !, 
   113grams margarine , 1 tablespoon golden syrup , 2 tablespoons boiling water , 1/2 teaspoon bicaarb soda , 1 cup rolled oats , 3/4 cup cocoanut , 1 cup plain flour , 1 cup sugar . 
  method, 
   melt marg & syrup over gentle heat . 
  mix boiling water and bi carb of soda and add to the marg & syrup mixture . 
  pour into dry ingredients . 
  mix well . 
  pick up teaspoons of mixture and roll flat in palm of hand and put on greased trays . 
  bake in slow over about 150c until browned . 
  cool on trays and then store in airtight tins . 
  i do n't know what american unis are like , but unis where i am tend not to have `` hallways '' per se . 
  or rather , they do , but you do n't spend large amounts of time walking in them , as it 's mostly walking between buildings . 
  i deduced from that it 's probably aimed at high school . 
  ah cheers . 
  seeing it written down it seemed really snobby . 
  hearing him deliver it was so much better . 
  i can definitely appreciate this , but it 's just not to my taste . 
  as someone currently studying software engineering , ( since this march ) , but with very little prior experience in programming , what would be a better way of doing this ? 
  a series of text files that the code reads ? 
  yeah definitely . 
  i really hope they do do it , because it would be such an improvement . 
  not just in adding new portals , but also -- or perhaps * especially * -- in updating existing ones : correcting their location , adding a better picture or description , deleting duplicates , etc. 
  ca n't speak for weddings ( never been to one ) , but throughout east asia money is given at birthdays and on lunar new year . 
  eh fuck it . 
  if they 're not making the effort for you , why should you make the effort for them ? 
  i 'm not saying be a douche and deliberately make noise , but just stop making any effort * not * to make noise for a few days/weeks . 
  see if their attitude changes . 
   ball and chain, 
  this feels like rhyming slang , but i ca n't figure out the rhyme . 
  ( i know it 's slang for so , but it feels like it 's meant to rhyme , too . ), 
  no , the plot message there is `` fuck religion '' . 
  i get this a lot . 
  at home . 
  never once had a situation where i would like a knife out in public . 
  carrying a knife around with you without a proper reason is illegal here , and i 'm glad for it . 
  but then , i 'm comparing to a society where it 's perfectly acceptable to carry a fucking * gun * around with you , hidden . 
  there 's already a translink app , if that 's what you mean . 
  [ here 's the web version ] ( http://jp.translink.com.au/travel-information/journey-planner/index/-1287398118 ) , and they 've also got an android app that does the same thing , and probably ios as well . 
  i 've got to be honest , it 's actually * really good * . 
  i 'd still far prefer i got the same information built in to google maps , but this works in the mean time . 
  i think the way this would work , if implemented , is that google would have constant access to translink 's database . 
  i 'm so glad the top comments on this seem to imply that whole thing 's already blown over . 
  [ here 's another from the same guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w35qntymmlo ) . 
  i love how it starts out racist , making fun of aboriginals , but it 's like he gets bored of that and makes jokes about studying literature . 
  backwards emoticons are so annoying . 
  ( or does somewhere else share a timezone with them . . ? ), 
  just figured it out because you 're the only places that 're half an hour behind us . 
  it was 2:30 here , and your post was marked 15 minutes ago . 
  perhaps , but if google has the data from translink , then the only time there would be a problem is if translink 's data is wrong , and if that 's the case , even the translink app would give the wrong results . 
  but how is it an epic fail ? 
  like , i do n't understand what about that plate is a fail . 
   i do n't think threatening people with giving no tip is very nice, 
  i prefer the idea of no tip being standard , and employees being payed by the people who employ them . 
  you know , how the rest of the world does it .
