  not to mention , at least in my opinion ( subjectively ) it seemed that a few of the times you used them , having it be quite so extreme would have been detrimental to the music . 
  on a more technical notation note : none of your dynamic markings are actual dynamic markings . 
  when you create expression text , you need to also hold down ctrl/command while you press `` f '' , `` p '' , etc. , and it will make them into that bold music font that you normally see for dynamic markings . 
  also , `` arco '' is n't an instruction that makes sense for an alto flute ( bar 23 ) . 
  i suppose if there were a lot of repetition then the level of compression could be quite significant . 
  but still , that is rather a lot of compression , which makes me really wonder where he got that 37.5 mb figure from . 
  edit : [ i did some research ] ( http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/10954/does-the-dna-of-one-sperm-contain-37-5-mb-of-information ), 
   now , even if you need 750 megabytes to store the `` raw data '' from a human genome , at least a computer scientist will have a hard time defining all of this as `` information '' . 
  if you record 74 minutes of complete silence on a cd , the disc contains roughly 750 megabytes of `` data '' as well , but actually no `` information '' . 
  ** large parts of the human genome are repetitive , only a very small part actually differ between different individuals ** and from the difference , several base pair sequences only occur in a few well-defined varieties . 
  emphasis mine . 
  it 's not that they renamed it . 
  prior to 2000 officially it was n't an ocean . 
  that part of the water was just the southern tips of the atlantic , indian , and pacific oceans . 
  informally , sometimes it was referred to as an ocean ( i believe australia may have taught it as an ocean prior to that , for example ) , which is probably where / u/jackruby83 's grandpop got it from . 
  today , both southern and antarctic are accepted . 
  haha yeah , using programmes like sibelius can definitely be negative if one writes specifically for the way they play back , or if one uses things like copy-paste too readily . 
  the former problem is generally pretty easy to get around , you just need to make sure you double check these things to see if what you 're doing is really just for the sound , or if it makes sense from a performer 's perspective . 
  i 'll often add in extra dynamic markings etc. 
  and set them to hidden to make sibelius play back correctly without messing up what the score looks like . 
  of course you do . 
  otherwise you would have to say 8.0658175170943878571660636856403766975289505440883277824 * 10 ^ 67 , which would completely defeat the purpose . 
  so you round to 8.1 * 10 ^ ( 67 ) , because that 's closer than 8.0 * 10 ^ ( 67 ) . 
  hey , thanks for the help . 
  i tried that , and it ended up putting all of the menu items vertically , rather than horizontally . 
  it does n't matter , though , because i found a different solution to the problem there . 
  the only problem is , with this solution , the whole menu bar has been shifted over to the left , rather than being centred . 
  i do n't suppose you could help me with that ? 
  [ here 's the new css ] ( http://pastebin.com/fvaawpcd ) . 
  the only change i made to the previous html is that i thought it better to put class = `` submenu '' on the ul rather than all of the lis . 
  hey , thanks for the help . 
  i tried that , and it ended up putting all of the menu items vertically , rather than horizontally . 
  it does n't matter , though , because i found a different solution to the problem there . 
  the only problem is , with this solution , the whole menu bar has been shifted over to the left , rather than being centred . 
  i do n't suppose you could help me with that ? 
  [ here 's the new css ] ( http://pastebin.com/fvaawpcd ) . 
  the only change i made to the previous html is that i thought it better to put class = `` submenu '' on the ul rather than all of the lis . 
  his social media has always seemed pretty real to me . 
  i think if he actually did n't like it he 'd just not say anything . 
  i 'm not sure what you need in the way of source , but the clip is from ember island players , which is episode 57 ( the last episode before the sozin 's comet 4-episode finale ) . 
  very curious . 
  where are you from , if i may ask ? 
  oh right . 
  and when you said 2 in the morning , that was when you started making the gif ? 
  is avatar even available in hd ? 
  every single one of those is man made , and every one of them has some sort of alternative . 
  lefty scissors and can-openers are readily available . 
  the spiral notebooks problem has never made sense to me . 
  lefties have problems writing on the right page , righties have problems with the left page . 
  it 's equal . 
  nevertheless , if you did find you had problems with it , it would be quite simple to turn the thing upside down . 
  in driving , [ lefties have an * advantage * in places that drive on the right ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lawnpml_w4c ) ( the video explains why for a right-handed majority , driving on the left makes more sense , but the same logic can be used to argue the opposite ) . 
  but anyway , automatic cars are becoming more and more common , and even driverless cars are only a decade or two away . 
  this is an extremely minor issue in today 's world . 
  it was n't until i read your comment that i realised it was keming . 
  i thought it just made no sense . 
  you 're thinking of the smearing problem , which i wo n't deny is definitely a problem . 
  it 's not what he and i were talking about , though . 
  some left handers complain that writing with spiral notebooks is particularly annoying because the spiral gets in the way . 
  i contend that it gets in the way just as readily for a right hander , just that it 's on the opposite page . 
  [ one of these ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/open-spiral-notebook-4932103.jpg ) . 
  terribly . 
  witcher 1 , at least , is absolutely awfully ported to mac . 
  i basically could n't get it working at all on mine without making a custom wineskin wrapper , because with the one they included , the game crashed for me every time i got out of the first little tutorial area . 
  even once i got it kinda working , the game still crashes pretty regularly , and i have to remember to constantly save or risk losing a lot of progress . 
  honestly , it 's a horrible experience . 
  if a mac is the only computer you 've got , i 'd recommend against it . 
  which is unfortunate , because i really really enjoyed the game 's story . 
  actions that you took early on in the game would have unexpected consequences ages later in the game , when you never thought there would be any significance to it . 
  really quite fascinating . 
  i managed to get it running , but it was so awful ( with frequent crashes ) that i could n't recommend it to anyone with a mac , to be frank . 
  looks like it 's still the thing of the week . 
  four months later . 
  i do n't mind , though , because i only just saw it , and it was a great read . 
  haha i know what you mean . 
  it sounds really strange , but it really is 100 % true . 
  when i get to the end of a run , especially if it 's 10 km or more , the feeling is just amazing . 
  sure , i 'm tired and sore and sweaty , but somehow it just feels awesome . 
  the first glass of cold water after a long run is also the absolute best drink there is . 
   ' i did some research op however the common law regarding ballista ownership in australia is not well-developed . ', 
  oh man , that thread was just brilliant . 
  definitely did n't expect it to blow up how it did when i got my friend to post it ( after he offhandedly mentioned the idea ) . 
  in case anyone else did n't know who mark waid is :, 
   mark waid ( born march 21 , 1962 ) is an eisner award-winning american comic book writer , known for his work on titles for dc comics such as the flash , kingdom come and superman : birthright , and for his work on captain america for marvel comics . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_waid ), 
  i imagine most people around here only know it because of conversations around this show . 
  i know i do . 
  the idea that marriage is a religious institution is a myth that has been perpetuated by religious right-wingers in an attempt to prevent the legalisation of marriage equality . 
  marriage has been , since its inception , a civil institution ( though it has also frequently been entwined with religious rites ) whose purpose is to ensure the wellbeing and security of both parties . 
  i should also point out that , even with regards to the religious aspect , in america race is a protected class , and discrimination based on race is illegal , so your example of refusing to marry a black and white person would not and should not be allowed . 
  i 'm guessing the same is true here ( australia ) , though i do n't actually know for sure . 
  i 've watched them both , and to be completely honest , this is probably the only case i can think of where i did n't find the uk version definitively better . 
  i mean , i loved them both , but i just find them so hard to compare . 
  i dunno , i felt that the second season of the two was very similar . 
  i mean , obviously the us president is a very different role from the british monarch , but i thought that the dynamic between francis and the president was very similar to the dynamic between francis and the king . 
  [ season 2 of both versions spoilers ] ( #s `` they ended pretty much the same way , too , with the king ( it is implied based on the start of season 3 ) stepping down , just as the us president steps down . 
  the only real difference is that obviously francis urquhart ca n't become the king in the way underwood became president . '' ), 
  if you enjoyed it , i 'd recommend watching the uk version . 
  they 're both really amazing shows , although i found them difficult enough to compare that i would n't actually say one was better than the other . 
  if you 're worried about spoilers , you should at least be safe to watch the first two seasons of the uk version , and probably even the first two episodes of the third season .
