  leave touch screens to their own separate debate . 
  but since you brought it up , a trackpad means your hand is closer to the keyboard , which makes keyboard shortcuts easier . 
   i would draw back with my right arm ... that is righty , right ? 
  yeah , that 's exactly right . 
  either way , i fail to see how any labour party has any significant effect on culinary assault in australia . 
  at least compared to labor or the lnp . 
  wow these are amazing . 
  i 'm on my phone right now so i ca n't see how large they are , but could someone let me know if they 're large enough to be wallpapers ? 
  if so , op , would you mind if i borrowed a couple for my collection ? 
  this is the most important point . 
  it 's the only thing that 's relevant , really . 
  carrying a baby to term is incredibly burdening on the mother financially , physically , and mentally . 
  dealing with the baby after it 's born is even more so , especially if she has to do it by herself . 
  not only that , but it can effectively put the rest of her life on hold for months or years . 
  it 's the mother that has to go through all this if the baby is carried to term . 
  it 's * her * body that carries the thing , so it should be * her * choice whether or not she has to do that . 
  whether or not the baby is considered a person , or any other points someone might try to raise , is completely irrelevant . 
  64 bit definitely . 
  how much space you give it depends on how many games ( or other applications ) you want installed at once . 
  i only gave mine 100 gb which is enough for about 3 major games and a few small ones . 
  but i 'm mostly happy to only play a few games on this computer at a time , since i also have a desktop for gaming , and only use my mac when i 'm away on holiday . 
  if this would be your primary gaming computer , you 'd probably want a bit more space than that . 
  i would recommend windows 8.1 . 
  it has a few under the hood improvements that you 'll probably let appreciate , particularly that it boots faster . 
  it 's pretty simple to mostly ignore the metro interface . 
  yes , if you want to do it all legally , you will still need to pay for a licence . 
  outside of a few particular exceptions * there is no way to get a legal copy of windows without paying for it . 
  \\* microsoft gives free copies to engineering and computing students at some universities through a programme called dreamspark . 
  you 're definitely not being pedantic . 
  you 're not correcting a minor error on the parent comment 's part , you 're correcting something that is flat out wrong , and not really even close to right . 
  honestly anyone who knows just a tiny bit about how siri/google now/cortana work would know it 's being sent to servers . 
  i just never would have assumed real people are able to listen to them . 
  i just wish users could remove certain rights from applications . 
  i ^ do n't want facebook having the ability to read my texts , so when they added that requirement i uninstalled it . 
  fuck that , you do n't need access to sms to read and post on facebook . 
  fuck their `` find people based on phone number '' excuse . 
  i do n't want that either . 
  edit : i do n't want . 
  facebook has it somewhere , i believe . 
  please . 
  everyone knows you use bing for that . 
  hmm that 's interesting . 
  could you explain how exactly it works ? 
  i do n't understand how someone could use one of those to beat a combination lock . 
  i 've not had great experiences with external drives and installing programmes . 
  i 'm sure it 's possible , but i 've never had it work properly . 
  \u2211 ( 3 \u2022 10 ^ ( - i ) ) from i = 1 to i = \u221e . 
  no , plenty of numbers are not rational . 
  in fact , `` most '' numbers are irrational . 
  just a few examples that are really well known are pi , e , and \u221a 2 . 
  rational numbers are those that can be represented exactly by a fraction a/b , where both a and b are integers . 
  oh man that 's so close to the way i learnt it , but so much cooler . 
  i learnt it as `` 30 days * has * september ... '' . 
  no cookies in incognito mode . 
  no , his point is that there 's very little public protest over the laws versus if similar laws were proposed in the west . 
  your points are absolutely right , but you 've made a small technical error in your use of `` transliterates '' . 
  transliteration is taking letters in one script and changing them into a different script . 
  for example , the korean word \ud604\ub300 would these days be transliterated into the roman alphabet as `` hyeondae '' ( though was in the past transliterated as hyundai , which is where the company gets its name ) . 
  it has nothing to do with discerning the meaning in the other language . 
  i do n't know if there is a technical term for a word-for-word translation , though . 
  it 's your own fault for not being in a time zone where it 's already thursday . 
  multiple * dedicated * card systems are n't the norm . 
  but if you could use both the dedicated geforce/radeon card * and * the integrated gpu in your processor ( intel iris , etc. ), 
  then that could be very useful . 
  and such setups already are the norm for most gamers . 
  the best way of looking at it is a two-by-two matrix . 
  on the x axis we have atheist and theist , and on the y axis we have gnostic and agnostic . 
  a person can fit into any of the four categories . 
  an agnostic atheist is also often known as a `` soft '' atheist , so in that respect , there 's no difference . 
  but a person can also be an agnostic theist ; that is , they believe that there 's a god ( or gods ) , but they recognise that they can not * know * that there is a god . 
  in practice , you 'll very rarely find gnostic atheists , because that goes completely against what tends to drive people towards atheism . 
  problem there is that it only works ceteris paribus . 
  when you 've got so many different factors to consider , it 's impractical . 
  even just within policy areas , you 've got different approaches to : education , income tax , sales tax , healthcare , infrastructure , wage law , and many more areas . 
  add to that external factors like environment/natural resources ( maybe one state has great mineral resources , and another is good for farming , while another lacks natural resources entirely ) , as well as the habits of locals in terms of what types of businesses they start up and what types of goods they consume , and it 's simply impossible to determine which policies put the more successful states in that position . 
  the only way to make the comparison is to look at each state before and after it made a given change . 
  this is still not going to be perfect , but it can give a pretty good indication , especially if a fair few different states saw similar results after similar changes . 
   a crazy game could have the firat number str , second be dex , etc. 
  i think this is a really good way of doing it if the player does n't really know what they want to play . 
  pick a race first , then roll stats in order , then pick a class based on the results of that . 
  [ i just found you right now from this thread ] ( / r/dungeonsanddragons/comments / 2x2qn3/need _ help_with_being_a_gm / ) ( i hope this is n't in violation of rule 1 ) . 
  have to say , i 'm really glad you made this . 
  i liked the content of the old sub , but the name always seemed ... off . 
  so i never subscribed , and only popped in occassionally to lurk . 
  i 've now instantly subscribed to this one . 
  \\ #harrierandproud, 
  ftfy , escape the ' # ' using a backslash . 
   if it needs to charge overnight every night for hours that 's a shame since it makes it impossible to use your watch as an alarm clock, 
  i do n't see why . 
  i 've used my wristwatch in the past as an alarm , sitting on the bedside table . 
  same deal with phones , for that matter . 
  i guess if you like sleeping with a watch on in order to get the vibrating wake up , more power to you . 
  personally i find it uncomfortable to sleep without taking the watch off . 
  an alternative , perhaps , would be to put the phone on the mattress and have its vibration wake you . 
  the phone can still be plugged in overnight this way , too . 
  except that 's not true . 
  the term `` an hour '' also indicates division . 
  kilowatt hours are just that , kilowatt hours . 
  no need for words in between . 
  though someone else suggested kilowatts for an hour , which works too .
