  prerolls on videos are fine , because i 'm expecting sound . 
  silent banner ads ( what most sites have ) are fine . 
  playing some random shitty video on the side is not fine . 
  that 's the point . 
  he 's saying that in europe this does n't happen . 
  sure , you can pay for a certain speed , but you get that speed across the board , * as opposed to * in the us how certain specific sites might be throttled . 
  ignore the people complaining . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  the new comment system is * definitely * better than the old one . 
  just look at the quality of the higher up comments on most videos and it 's really easy to see the improvement . 
  in-line replies , comments that can be a decent length , the ability to add links are all definite objective improvements . 
  and just the fact that you are strongly encouraged to post under your real name ( though it is still very easy to get around this for those privacy nuts or people with particular reasons to want to protect their identity ) means the quality improves . 
  i also did a music ee . 
  was predicted a but ended up only getting a b. 
  was really pissed about that , to be honest . 
  but anyway , what did you do yours on ? 
  neither iphone nor any android phones are capable of true macro ( 1:1 or more on the sensor ) . 
  nor virtually any point and shoot camera . 
  instead , people usually use the term just for taking pictures of things up close . 
  because this use of the term is rather vague , i do n't think it 's that easy to dismiss this photo . 
  the way it cuts off the epic orchestral entrance every time feels like a complete blue-balling . 
  agreed . 
  i 'll probably snap it up once it 's under $ 10 . 
  hopefully at christmas . 
  i just want to point out that the word you 're looking for is copyrighted . 
  but you 're absolutely right . 
   it 's just nice to be able to go back and see something again if you see something cool . 
  oh man , you just gave me an awesome idea . 
  a gopro-like camera that 's constantly recording , but only saves the last , say , 2 minutes when you press a button . 
  kinda like with saying `` xbox record that '' on an xbone . 
  would be useful for both awesome/cool things you see , and for things like accidents/close calls ( if the accident was minor enough that you were able to push the button within 2 minutes ) . 
  i 'm in brisbane , so i ca n't help . 
  one possibility would be to read up on the dm 's guide and introduce your friends to it with you dming . 
  because of the nature of the game , even if you 're not the best dm in terms of understanding the rules , you can make a fair bit up as you go along , as long as everyone 's having fun . 
  i imagine he 's thinking of it in a similar way to how evidence obtained without a warrant is n't admissible in a court of law . 
  of course it 's not a valid comparison , but i can see why one might make the mistake . 
  absolutely not . 
  there 's a reason the phrase `` informed consent '' is used , rather than just `` consent '' . 
  yes , the users gave consent when they signed up for facebook , but when you go to voluntarily take part in a psychology study they make a point of explaining what you will be doing and how the data will be used . 
  the idea of someone being used in an experiment without their knowledge at all , let alone knowing what the experiment was about , would just be abhorrent to any ethics board . 
  i 've taken part in a heap of experiments for the psychology department at my uni . 
  usually get paid $ 10 for a 1-hour experiment . 
  if facebook approached me and told me they were paying me $ 10 per day for a month , or something like that , and that they would be adjusting the types of posts i see most often on my facebook feed ( without necessarily specifying exactly how they would change it ) , i would definitely agree to participate in it . 
  i would imagine it would pass ethics boards if done in that manner -- provided they explained exactly how they had changed it in a debriefing at the end . 
  on a serious note , it 's unlikely that this study is the reason . 
  they have over 1 billion users now , and this study was `` only '' 600,000 . 
  so it 's unlikely that you were in it ( unless you already know you were in it . 
  i 'm not sure if facebook debriefed those that were involved . 
  they person at the top of this thread * was * saying the content is satirical . 
  they just saw the onion logo at the bottom and assumed that . 
  they were just wrong with their assumption , that 's all . 
  the first two episodes of korra season 3 just finally finished downloading ( fuck yeah australian internet ) . 
  so i 'm gon na watch that . 
  what you coding ? 
  i 've spent most of this afternoon working on some java stuff for a dnd dice application . 
  mine just finished downloading . 
  about to start on it . 
  after watching the preview , god i 'm so excited . 
  turns out they only did it for 1 week , which would bring the figure down to $ 42 million . 
  they could also halve or even quarter the sample size and it would still be significant . 
  given facebook 's revenue , $ 21 or $ 10 million certainly is n't an unquestionable figure . 
  wait really ? 
  i 'm going to have to figure out how to use it . 
  is it easy to tell it to record ? 
  reminded me of iroh from early season 3 avatar . 
  i find it really clever that they 're going with an earth kingdom plot in the show at the same time as the rift is being released , since it deals with toph 's family and with the founding of republic city . 
  really ? 
  it 's the most recent fully released version , and at least imo most of the criticisms usually levied against it are utter nonsense . 
  ( combat does take a long time , though . 
  that 's definitely real . ), 
  what i 'm surprised at is how high 2nd edition is . 
  how did it manage to get ahead of pathfinder ? 
  but they should n't be able to do it for free . 
  that 's the point . 
  no ethics board would even consider accepting this study if it were proposed as is . 
  were it to have been done in any developed country outside of the united states , there 's a very real possibility it would have even been * illegal * . 
  the suggestion that they pay is a way for them to entice people to voluntarily participate in the study , because then facebook would actually have their informed consent . 
  oh god no . 
  just no . 
  hans zimmer is without a doubt the most overrated composer of our time . 
  do n't get me wrong , he 's a good composer , but does n't deserve anywhere near the level of praise he gets from some people . 
  he 's definitely a commercial genius , but his music does n't match that . 
  his music just does n't come close to holding up against someone like john williams or howard shore . 
  he does an ok job as far as using leitmotifs to emote certain ideas , although looking at something like star wars or the lord of the rings you can easily see that zimmer 's soundtracks just do n't * quite * manage to reach that same level of detail or cleverness in composition style . 
  the biggest problem with his music , though , is that it just does n't convey emotion nearly as well as the greats . 
  i look at the [ superman theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=engkxf3cqh4 ) from the latest film . 
  his actual motif was great , revealing the humble and somewhat timid origins of the character , but then it 's supposed to build into something far more bold and heroic . 
  you can clearly see that that 's what zimmer is trying to do , but it just feels like it 's always building but never getting anywhere . 
  there 's no real feeling of a climax . 
  zimmer gets * so close * to being a great composer , but he consistently falls * just * short of the mark . 
  he * just * fails to do what he 's setting out to do . 
  unfortunately , i suspect a big part of this is due to his lack of a formal education in the art . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : film music geek rants about how overrated zimmer is . 
  the results now are much closer to what i would have expected . 
  2nd edition being so high must have just been an artefact of the small sample size early on . 
  the thing is , though , what makes williams so great is n't the thematic material . 
  like i said , zimmer also has some awesome themes . 
  it 's what williams does with it that 's so special . 
  one small example : we all know and love darth vader 's theme . 
  anakin 's theme from the first episode , while it initially seems light and innocent , it actually contains hints of vader 's theme .
