  the biggest problem with them is ( aside from being pro-gun ) being against public healthcare , education , and infrastructure . 
  but it 's a part of their core beliefs , being right-wing on economic issues . 
  the fine line comes from people like / u/abbrevi8 ( a well-known troll on / r/australia ) , who stay on topic , but deliberately talk in language * designed * to elicit a strong negative reaction . 
  trolls , but clever trolls . 
  well , actually , that one makes more sense . 
  if the food was bad , then it 's the fault of the person who prepared or cooked it . 
  what it * is n't * is the waiter 's fault . 
  the difference is that things are usually entirely out of the pilot 's control , but not the chef 's . 
  no , you ca n't make that statement . 
  not based on the evidence higher up in this thread . 
  if you want to disagree with the evidence , then go ahead , because there may well be arguments to explain why it 's wrong , but until that proof is presented , you ca n't just make the statement that it 's less than 100,000 years . 
  i did n't even notice that before . 
  i 'm on my phone right now but i 'll check it to see if it 's waves coming in or a wake when i get back to my computer . 
  ( not that i do n't trust you or anything , i just like to check things myself . ), 
  3 hours is pretty significant , and can cause people to miss ongoing connections etc. 
  i think they have every right to complain about significant delays , but they should n't be blaming the pilot for it . 
  way to wait until it 's not her birthday anymore to post this . 
  ( in my timezone . ), 
  i very specifically said `` in my timezone '' . 
  no , brisbane . 
  one hour ahead of seoul . 
  you would pronounce sort and sought differently ? 
  oh , you 're linking to explainxkcd now too ? 
  really nice touch . 
  i assumed that he did , but they just cut it out for time . 
  yeah , i 've gone back over it a few times . 
  i ca n't tell whether it 's a wake or just waves flowing out , but we can certainly hope !, 
  yup , that 's exactly how it went through my mind . 
  then he met the airbenders next and i thought `` huh , cool , i guess i was right . '', 
  would you say all unions in developed societies are like this , or just * some * unions in * some * countries ? 
  i would argue that it 's not that unions * necessarily * are a bad thing , even in modern society , but that many unions do act in a bad way . 
  the ones that * do n't * act in a bad way , you rarely hear about . 
  i 'm from australia , where our house of representatives is currently elected using alternative vote ( aka instant runoff voting ) , and there 's actually a small push in a few circles towards using single transferable vote , which is essentially an extension of av , but one which creates a proportional parliament . 
  i would say that if you want to change your system , it 's probably better to go all the way to the ideal rather than going in small steps , since the amount of effort required to change it would be roughly equal . 
  however , either way , the only way to go about it is to go around gathering grassroots support for it in your community and others ( in particular , educating them on why you need make the change , and what the advantages a are ) , and then start campaigning to your representatives and senators . 
  it 's a massive change make and can only happen if there 're an equally massive voice asking for it . 
  best of luck . 
  that 's probably because internet is expensive to get in really rural areas , so the caf\u00e9s are the only places that * have * internet access . 
  http://futureme.org/ , for anyone that does n't know about it . 
  it 's surprisingly easy to do in general . 
  i have n't tried it with laurel , but a lot of people will look retarded if you pause them mid speech . 
  surely it 's more like saying `` spirit sparrow '' ? 
  fwiw , i put `` panda '' into google translate , and it came out with two possible translations . 
  '' \u718a\u732b '' , which to my ear sounds something like `` shung mao '' . 
  this was rated a `` common translation '' . 
  and '' \u9ed1\u767d\u76f8\u95f4\u7684\u718a '' , the first two characters of which sounded to me like `` hei bai '' . 
  this was , however , rated a `` rare translation '' . 
  yeah i 'm in queensland and i 've had a lot of people ask what my op score was . 
  thankfully there actually is a conversion and i usually quote that , but even the conversion is n't straight forward . 
  luckily all my friends at the time were also doing ib , since i was in an international school . 
  but having to explain ib to others at my uni does get annoying sometimes . 
  it 's worth noting that most adult passports are only valid for 10 years , so even if money comes around earlier , do n't buy one until closer to the time . 
  it is a full expiration so you will have to go through a renewal process to get it renewed . 
  i ca n't help more than that , not being american , but it should be a fairly easy process if you have documents proving your nationality etc. 
  do glow sticks leak ? 
  more importantly , he stuck the camera on a tripod and took a long exposure shot . 
   it was past curfew, 
  is that , like , a legal thing in america ? 
  children are n't legally allowed out after a certain time ? 
  that 's the main thing i always think of . 
  agree completely , that shit is awful . 
  when i was young and i saw it in sandwiches in dim lighting , i frequently thought it was vegemite , which i ** love ** , and ate it before realising `` eww , this stuff is gross '' . 
  speaking of which , peanut paste ( aka peanut butter ) is another thing i ca n't stand that most people seem to love . 
  oh god , same . 
  the other one for me was kimbab , which is a korean food literally translated as seaweed-rice . 
  i just do n't like all that seafood taste . 
  to be fair , from what i 've seen , it 's much better than signing up for health insurance from other companies . 
  so , the police can legally say that you have to be in your home , even if your parents say it 's ok ? 
  damn , i thought the us was supposed to be ` the land of the free ' . 
  that sounds pretty totalitarian to me . 
  given how long that took to load , i 'm surprised it was n't * actually * a petabyte . 
  all you need to do is count the first row and first column , and eyeball the rest to see that they actually line up neatly in rows and columns . 
  as long as the first row and column are each 25 , then you know there are 625 total . 
  damn you 're crazy . 
  i was absolutely ruined after riding from st lucia to bracken ridge ( and then back again the following day ) , which is only a little over 50 km total , a few weeks back . 
  well done !, 
  was it some sort of special event or did you just decide to do it yourself ? 
  you should probably look it up , but i strongly suspect you 're misinformed about that . 
  i 've never heard of a place where running on the road is illegal . 
  nobody actually runs in a way that endangers anybody . 
  you run right on the side of the road , and when cars come you step up onto the pavement . 
  it 's much better for your body to run on roads ( although dirt is better again ) than the standard concrete paths that usually make up walking paths . 
  if your area has forests and parks , it 's quite likely that the paths through them are dirt , which is much better than the asphalt of the road , as well as just being a much nicer environment to run in ( running on the road with traffic is * not * something runners relish ) , so runners are likely to go there by choice . 
  i 'm not sure what squisgar is either , it 's definitely not a standard english term . 
  i assumed that / u/newpong was misreading your username for someone else 's . 
  out of curiosity , where are you from ? 
  holy fuck ? 
  gold and heaps of upvotes for being a complete arse ? 
  what the hell is going on . 
  i bet you 're the type of person who probably also says the same thing about cyclists , right ? 
  even if you 're not that type of person , you 're just not making any sense here . 
  runners who are on the road take up a * tiny * amount of space , they 're not in your way as a driver unless you 're incompetent and need a huge amount of room ( or they themselves are being arses by running right in the middle of the road , in which case you should be directing your anger at those runners , not at all runners ) . 
  when a car is coming and the road is narrow , most runners will step up onto the footpath . 
  no runner runs on the road because that 's what they enjoy most . 
  we 'd much rather run on a nice dirt path through a forest or park or something . 
  but that is n't always an option , and running on the road is a much better alternative than the footpath , all things considered . 
  i dunno about where you are , but where i am that area frequently has poles holding up powerlines and/or trees , so is n't really an option . 
  you do know how the scientific method works , right ? 
  if a large enough dataset exists that says running on the road is more comfortable than running on concrete , it does n't matter what the physical properties of each are , or what the reason is . 
  that dataset ( the people stating that it is more comfortable for them ) is enough to reach a conclusion .
