  could you perhaps ( attempt to ) word this in a way that would convince my right-wing family that it 's a good idea . 
  they 're against it on the grounds that it 's too expensive and the government should n't be spending taxpayers ' money on it . 
  edit : this should n't alter anything about the answers , but i just want to clarify something . 
  i just realised i made it seem like my entire family is right wing . 
  my parents are actually staunch labor voters . 
  it 's mainly an aunt and her partner that i 'm talking about . 
  would * have got you vote . 
  when you say it out loud , what you 're actually saying is * would 've * , a contracting of * would have * , and note * would of * . 
  guys do we really need to downvote this guy ? 
  he 's just asked a question about something he did n't understand . 
  he did n't do it in a rude way , he was n't an arse . 
  he just asked a question . 
  tothebillyoh : congratulations on being [ one of today 's 10,000 ] ( http://xkcd.com/1053/ ) . 
  i 'm not the op , but the way the instruction was written implies to me that they detune as they play the last note . 
  definitely not easy , but , as the note starts at the bottom of the instrument 's range , i think it 's doable . 
  my neck is now sore , but thanks for that !, 
  really glad to have confirmation that that part is true . 
  however , i actually did n't have very much doubt over that part of the story . 
  i doubted that the exact amount he spent was $ 3.50 . 
  i suspect gaydolftitler said 3.50 just because of that lochness monster meme . 
  their response to that will be simple . 
  all those things you mentioned are critical , but the internet is ( as they perceive it ) a luxury . 
  if someone ca n't play their games or watch hd youtube it 's no big deal . 
  ( not that i agree with that as a sound argument . ), 
  haha they 're no where near that bad . 
  they 're not xenophobic , although i did get in a very heated argument recently regarding `` sending back the boats '' . 
  i found the explanations given very clear . 
  they clearly expect most people taking this survey to be students at that uni , and those students are able to receive credit towards one of their courses for doing it . 
  giving your name is for that purpose . 
  email address is so that you can receive the results when the data has been analysed . 
  it 's so op can deliver . 
  i do n't know if those fields were required , i just filled them out . 
  however , they certainly should * not * be required if they were . 
  if they were required , that 's poor survey design . 
  i also agree with the text being badly designed , but it did n't bother me too much . 
  should mention there 's a video , i agree . 
  but i do n't think you can say `` no one is gon na want to sit through a video to complete a survey '' . 
  i was happy to do so . 
  i agree that the majority would n't , but i think there 'll be plenty of people who do n't mind . 
  besides , based on what it is they 're studying , it seems necessary to have the video . 
  if that means they get less people who can do it , then too bad , but there 's really not much they can do to get around it . 
  i 'd just like to point out :, 
   [ i gave the bass part to the bassist a month ago , and they sent me back comments . 
  they never even mentioned the scordatura . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/classicalmusic/comments/1byxl3/the_last_few_bars_of_my_new_piece_being_premiered/c9bjmqx?context=1 ), 
  i 'm not a guitarist , so i 'd love an explanation as to why i 'm wrong ( yes why , not if ) , but i have messed around on guitars , as well as violins and cellos , and to me , the right handed way seems better for a left hander . 
  your left hand , the one on the neck , is the one doing the most complicated part in most guitar music , with the right hand doing relatively basic strumming and sometimes picking patterns . 
  i can understand if you were doing really intricate guitar playing , especially of the sort seen in spanish guitar , but for most rock/pop music it 's always seemed to me that playing as a lefty with a right handed guitar is the way to go . 
  haha sorry , i 'm not the person that said they 're a bass player , either . 
  i would definitely also be interested in the answer , though . 
  19 , also 11 . 
  you must be from new zealand . 
  your title is somewhat difficult to understand , but i believe you are saying you would like a sample that includes some people who are * not * lesbians in their mid-twenties . 
  by the way , this was incredibly frustrating . 
  i did it , got to the end of that questionnaire thing , and then the site told me i had to sign up . 
  sorry , but i did n't want to do that . 
  anyway , best of luck with the survey . 
  that 's certainly not how i interpreted it . 
  it seemed to me more like he was just clarifying something he still was n't sure about . 
  i 'm fairly confident they 're fine with gay marriage , but i have n't got a clue what their stance is on income tax . 
  quite staunchly against the idea of legalising marijuana , though . 
  thanks !, 
  i was thinking op = overpriced or something , making a joke about the massive tax on cigarettes . 
  thanks for clearing it up . 
  thanks a heap . 
  definitely sheds light on the situation . 
  my hope is that the north korean public will overthrow the current regime before war international war breaks out . 
  not that i see any signs of that actually happening . 
  the slaughter to end all slaughters . 
  just fwiw , the americans * did * know there was going to be an attack on pearl harbour . 
  that 's not a conspiracy theory . 
  the java one was my reason for coming to the comments . 
  that 's an absolutely awfully worded set of answers . 
   using your logic , we should respond or brace because they said it would happen today, 
  way to overreact man . 
  i did n't have * any * logic . 
  i did n't make any claims of what action should have been taken . 
  i merely pointed out the fact that it is n't a conspiracy theory . 
  the problem is , both answers are * equally * correct . 
  the only way i can see that this is a correctly set-up survey is if it 's actually testing the psychology of how users of different browsers think about the problems , given that all users do in fact know the answers . 
  if it 's something else , could you perhaps pm me with it ? 
  hmm ... does n't seem to work for me . 
  27.0.1453.47 beta ( fully up to date ) . 
  it just does n't do anything . 
  acts exactly the same as if i did n't have it . 
  you have some pretty big clams there . 
  i know you were joking , but i was legitimately confused at first . 
  it 's in the article , australian medical association . 
  i 'm currently a student . 
  i 've never worked . 
  there were four questions that i was therefore unable to answer in an ideal way . 
  i just put the lowest number available , and put as `` professional background '' the area that i am currently studying . 
  no worries . 
  it was otherwise a pretty interesting survey . 
  good luck with whatever this is for !, 
  the ones you linked are nearly $ 35 , plus only ship to the us . 
  they also lack the mic and in-line button , as well as the flat cable . 
  have you got anything closer to $ 30 ( the cost of the nexus 4 earphones + shipping ) that 's a ) available internationally ; b ) has mic and in-line buttons ; and c ) is of better quality than the n4 ones ? 
  flat cable is a bonus , but those other things are kinda important . 
  ooo is this in victoria ?
