  not joking , i 've been teaching myself to write with my right hand largely just so i can write nice looking letters . 
  i 'm a lot slower than with my left hand , but it ends up looking so much nicer . 
  ( also helps in exams and such when i need to write quickly , but by left hand gets sore . 
  i give it a break and use my right hand for a while . ), 
  it helps that i 'm largely ambidextrous rather than completely left handed . 
  nah man , if you bought it through ebay you should be golden . 
  ebay has brilliant buyer protection . 
  see what they can do . 
  and if they do n't find in your favour , you 've still got paypal ( assuming you bought it using paypal -- i know virtually all of my ebay purchases have been ) , which is also known for being very friendly to buyers . 
  and if that fails , you 've still got the third layer of protection of going through your bank and saying the purchase was fraudulent . 
  there 's almost zero chance of you not getting your money back if you try . 
  you should have a read through the campaign included with the 5e starter set . 
  right from the first cave they give some good examples of what can go on if the pcs cause noise , or if the npcs hear fights . 
  did you contact ebay again after this happened , referring them to your previous discussion ? 
  the hobbit is n't well paced . 
  at least , not if by `` well paced '' we mean `` has similar pacing to most novels adapted into films '' . 
  it 's extremely fast paced , really . 
  and it works brilliantly in the book , but would be so poor if they adapted it lime that in the films . 
  add to that all the white council and necromancer stuff that they added in , which was touched upon in the book but never explicitly described at all ( and was an awesome addition to the films ) , and you 've easily got enough material for 3 normal lengthed films , or two mega ones . 
  the problem was that a few select scenes went on ridiculously long . 
  escaping the goblin cave in the first one , as well as the barrel ride ( and oh god i hated that scene for so many reasons -- amateur quality cinematography , far too long , and completely defeated the point of the clever , subtle escape in the barrels from the book ) , and the whole running from the dragon/melting gold thing that happened in the second one . 
  i 've also seen people say that the battle of the five armies went on too long , but honestly i thought it was perfectly paced . 
  i 'll add my story . 
  my cousin told me about how he got on stage with our prime minister . 
  he put on one of those black suits , got a fake earpiece , and just walked into the event . 
  at one point he got questioned and asked who he was with , he just replied `` the state '' and they left him to get about his business . 
  he stood on stage with julia gillard and everyone thought he was a bodyguard . 
  he gets up to shit like that all the time , but i still would n't have believed him in this case if he had n't shown me photos he got of it . 
  my first ict teacher talked about his experience in industry . 
  where he worked , they had an empty desk against a wall with a picture of superman stuck to it . 
  rather than rubber duck debugging , they went and talked their problems out with superman . 
  same concept , but cooler implementation . 
  both work . 
  all current mammals apart from monotremes give birth to live young , for example . 
  since we 're already dissecting things , i 'll just point out that * player * does n't have a double meaning . 
  strictly speaking , it always refers to a real person . 
  the player 's character is always ( strictly speaking ) referred to as such , or as `` pc '' for short . 
  of course , all of this is semantics , and in practice many people do use `` player '' when referring to pcs , because context makes it clear . 
  / over analysis, 
  i usually use 1.6 because it 's surprisingly easy to do on your head . 
  just remember that 5 miles is 8 km , and 10 mi is 16 km , and add on multiples from there . 
  my approach is to remember that dnd is generally a relatively medieval society , where more sensible measures had n't been invented yet . 
  treat feet and pounds as the archaic measures that they are , but they 're the units used within the game 's world . 
  you could even rename them to distance yourself from the real world feet and pounds . 
  bonus points if the pcs invent a more sensible system ( based on real-world metric ) in game and convert everyone to it . 
  regarding 1 ) , there are many ways of doing it . 
  my dm does n't count experience , and just levels us all at appropriate times in the story . 
  for 2 ) i would also highly recommend the lost mines of phandelver included in the starter set . 
  it 's a brilliant campaign that 's really well written with a lot of detail to help give a new dm ideas for how to run it . 
  if it does n't work with intel macs , it 's probably just really fucking old and has n't been updated since 2006 . 
  my suggestion would be grab a virtual machine and a copy of windows ( or linux , if the programme has a version for that , and you do n't want to pirate windows ) and run it in that . 
  if it 's that old , chances are it 'll run just fine with the amount of power you can give it in a virtual machine . 
  the show is running roughly in real time , and the backflashes are keeping pace . 
  the backflashes will go at least until the end of season 5 . 
  i cared . 
  i loved what they were doing with it . 
  i still have n't played 3 or anything after it , since i heard that they basically gave up on the overarching story which made it so great . 
  to quote a couple of comments i read on reddit a while back :, 
   what i wanted in assassins creed was a concise set of games , four or five games , with a focused story the ultimately led to a modern day game where desmond miles topples the templars . 
  but no . 
   now we have a platform for games rather then a cohesive set of narratives . 
  and, 
   that 's exactly what i came into the series expecting . 
  the first ac really got me excited as the story seemed to have so many options to go for but remained focused . 
  the second introduced a story element to the character in the animus other than being a heartless killer ( probably to make us sympathise for him and the assassins overall ) . 
   but i just wish they had n't made two sequels to ac :2 , i treated them as what may as well have been downloadable content and never played them . 
  big mistake apparently as ac :3 started with desmond going through some crap with his dad . 
   now we have a new game and judging from its title and what little iv read , desmond is not in this game . 
  if the end of ac3 was the end of desmond , that was a terrible story arc which im no longer willing to invest any more time in . 
  ( i am aware it probably is n't the end of desmond but i just dont want to go back to ac now . ), 
  and a comment of my own from a while back , in response to that first quote :, 
   with ac 1 , 2 , and broho it felt like they could be leading up to that . 
  the story was fantastic , and with the way broho ended it seemed like it was really going somewhere . 
   then with revelations , we got some really cool backstory to desmond , as well as the other guy in the animus . 
  really great stuff , and it certainly could have been building towards something , but at the same time it felt mostly like an interlude . 
  especially the ezio part of the game . 
  still , the desmond part could have been a sort of calm before the storm . 
   now , i 've not gotten around to playing 3 or 4 yet * [ ed . 
  note , i still have n't ] * , but from what i 've heard from others , it seems they 've put the story on the backburner in a big way , and ac has turned into a platform to release yearly blockbuster games , not too dissimilar from call of duty . 
  they took something that could have been so amazing , and they 've made the historical equivalent of cod . 
  links :, 
  walking with an arrow drawn is really slow until you get the perk that fixes that . 
  comparing seasons 1 or 2 or arrow to season 1 of flash , i 'd agree , but i 've been finding the latest season of arrow really weak in comparison to a the flash . 
  looks like it 'll really pick up once they start up again , though . 
  the last episode before the break was a doozy . 
  it appeared months ago for me , but interestingly seems to have disappeared at some point . 
  i 'm not seeing it any more . 
  if you want to do any form of engineering , you 'd be mad to not do at least hl . 
  i ca n't comment in further maths because i did n't take it and i 've never met someone who did ( my school did n't offer it at the time i was there ) . 
  i know my uni required you have done maths hl ( or equivalent ) in engineering , otherwise you have to catch up with a maths course that 's got the equivalent information in your first semester at uni . 
  and even if your uni does n't do something similar , it 's a maths heavy field , so having as solid an understanding of it as you can is going to help . 
  at the time the new testament was written ? 
  in a few hundred years ad ? 
  the earth had been known to be round for hundreds of years at that point , though we did still think the sun and planets orbited us . 
  your question about `` if you did n't own an iphone '' was a bit presumptuous . 
  i * do n't * own am iphone . 
  you also missed a number of major brands , most notably motorola and nexus ( which i consider to be its own brand , since people typically buy a nexus device because it 's nexus , not because it 's made by lg or whoever ) . 
  not offering hl in two of the most significant subjects is pretty damn shitty , but if that 's the case , just make the best with what you got . 
  at my uni hl maths and physics were n't required , not doing them just meant you had to make up the difference in your first year . 
  hopefully the uni you go to will do something similar .
