  last i checked there are n't any restrictions on taking photos with old cameras ... 
  imo everything up to and not including ac3 is worth it . 
  i 've not played 3 or 4 , but from what i 've heard 4 is an improvement on 3 , but still does n't feel like an ac game . 
  my recommendation would be to grab ac1 and the ezio trilogy . 
  if you enjoy them , then grab the others at a later date . 
  my favourite football is the one with the wooden sticks and the gloves . 
   i should know , purchased it for the full price at release . 
  that 's completely meaningless . 
  whether you paid full price or pirated it at zero cost does n't give you more or less ability to praise or criticise a game . 
  i happened to really enjoy the first one . 
  gameplay-wise it was n't quite as good as ac2 , but i found the character of alta\u00efr much more interesting than ezio . 
  true , it 's more work using the modal manually rather than using apple 's calls . 
  however , assuming they have * already * implemented it in their own manual way , it would be more work to change it to use ios 7 's designs . 
  how about camera and accessories , books/kindle , cables for all electronics ? 
  the leaks are one thing , but then right after came the trailer , and nobody even bothered to mark that stuff as spoilers ... 
  it 's unreasonable to expect someone to unsubscribe every week and resubscribe when they 've caught up . 
  people see posts from their front page , without explicitly visiting the subreddit . 
  so it 's perfectly reasonable to ask that people mark spoilers from the most recent episode as being spoilers for three or four days after it airs . 
  it does n't take much effort , and frankly not going to that small effort to prevent ruining things for someone else is just a dick move . 
  phone camera ? 
  really ? 
  what if i 'm going somewhere amazing and i want actually good photos of it ? 
  even for someone who is n't a photographer , a nice point and shoot or basic dslr on auto will take photos that are * so * much nicer than you could ever hope to get on your phone . 
  as for me , i would n't call myself a `` seriously good hobbyist '' , but it 's an activity that i enjoy and i 'm probably better than most ( but then , just knowing what `` aperture '' means puts you ahead of most people ) , so having my dslr is a must . 
  regarding accessories , my use of commas should have made this clear , i was referring to camera accessories specifically . 
  extra lenses , a flash , tripod , etc. 
  the point of the comment was merely to demonstrate that your claim that only a certain strict list of things are ever necessary to take with you was just completely rubbish . 
  many people have other things that they want or need to take with them on holiday and you have no right to judge them for it . 
  you 're pretty sharp , are n't you ? 
  to be fair , one would be more likely to encounter its enharmonic equivalent , g \u266f minor . 
  to put it simply , it 's the size of the hole that the camera lets light through . 
  a large hole ( represented by a smaller number ) means the same amount of light it a smaller time . 
  larger apertures also have a smaller depth of field , meaning only a small amount of the photo will be in focus , which gives that likely blurred background effect . 
  for what it 's worth , he says 4.5 , but i saw a different source saying it 's 3 to get kicked out , and if they are rated below a 4 by you , you will never see that specific driver again ( even though they still work there ) . 
  which ones recently have been downright destructive ? 
  which state is this ? 
  i must admit i do n't follow state politics outside of my own ( queensland ) , and even then i barely pay attention to it compared to federal politics . 
  traffic lights . 
  the problem with that definition is that , as you say , it places the lord of the rings as middle fantasy , while most people would agree it is most definitely high fantasy . 
  personally i thought the existence of elves and dwarves was one major component of high fantasy , along with magic of some sort . 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  the only episode i 've ever downloaded with a recap was tyrion 's trial . 
  all the others have gone straight into the show proper . 
  i thought tywin was ... 
  we can certainly assume so . 
  we saw tyrion kill her and she was in tywin 's room ( they showed the hand 's badge of office for a second ) . 
  what talk is that ? 
  pure speculation here ( not a book reader ) but i reckon it 's got ta be someone trying to frame the dragons because they want to overthrow dany . 
  yeah it was here . 
  the reveal was brilliant . 
  they played that four note tune that represents her , but it 's kinda quiet and downplayed , so you do n't recognise it for what it is until you actually see melisandre 's face through the flames . 
  i just looked it up . 
  the social network beat out how to train your dragon ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  the soundtrack to that was a complete non thing . 
  i would n't have minded too much if the king 's speech had won , though -- although it 's best musical aspects were not the original score . 
  oh man , that 's a real shame . 
  i loved the soundtrack to the first one so much , it was really amazing . 
  the soundtrack to the tv show was pretty meh , but was good enough for a tv show , and the awesomeness of the actual thematic material really helped . 
  not gon na listen to this one yet -- i 'm really anal about spoilers -- but if it does n't live up to its predecessor that 's a real shame . 
  i 'm not up there with the books , but i was under the impression that seasons 3 and 4 make up the third book -- since it 's often published in two volumes . 
  according to wikipedia , books 4 and 5 take place simultaneously with different characters . 
  so i 'd say seasons 5 and 6 ( and possibly even 7 , given the length of book 5 ) will draw mostly from those two books . 
  that will take us to 2016 at the least ( possibly 2017 ) , by which time book 6 should be published * . 
  that 'll mean another year or two worth of material for the show , taking us to at least 2017 , possibly as late as 2019 . 
  at that rate it 's probable that the show will have to reveal the very last book before that book is published , but if martin writes particularly quickly he could have it out before the show catches up . 
  the seventh book would have to be written in 2 -- 3 years . 
  \\* i assume it will probably be out in 2015 or early-ish 2016 , giving them time to make the following season in time for the next year, 
  i ca n't speak for all colleges , but i 'm at ih and they were totally fine with me failing a course in my first semester . 
  i imagine most of the others would be fine with it , too . 
  overseas for 5 years is the only situation i can think of . 
  they ca n't say that in a logical argument and expect to convince anyone . 
  but that 's not how libertarians argue . 
  they have their talking points and they like to spout them out , and you will never convince them of the flaws in their viewpoint . 
  that sounds like an absolutely abhorrent example of a false analogy . 
  you simply ca n't compare the running of a country and all that it entails with a single restaurant and its customers . 
  to make a similarly bizarre comparison , one could compare a restaurant as it is normally run to an absolute dictatorship . 
  the restaurant owner has a selection of things you can choose . 
  sure you 've got some choice among that , but ultimately you must take something that your dictator has decided is good for you . 
  they would simply point you to all the private companies that are doing space research today . 
  of course , this would miss the point that they can only do what they are doing today because of the groundwork that was laid out by nasa . 
  it 's popular at the moment on the internet because a movie of it just came out , and more importantly it 's written by the well-known youtuber john green ( known for such things as vlogbrothers and crash course ) . 
  but you 're not * supposed * to like it . 
  it 's also a terrible analogy . 
  the simple fact is that trying to make comparisons between the entire country 's government system ( macro ) and the business model of a single business ( micro ) is just fundamentally flawed . 
  there 's a reason the two disciplines are taught so distinctly in economics . 
  ah fair enough . 
  as i said , i have n't read that far in the books . 
  it was all based on the assumption that the pacing would stay more or less the same , i.e. 
  that the number of pages per episode would roughly stay constant . 
  even then , you can see that my reasoning would have left everything extremely tight , so a small change to that reasoning would easily throw out any chance of the book staying ahead of the show . 
  the vlogbrothers is one of the old big youtube channels . 
  it 's standard vlogging stuff , john and hank green talk about whatever interests them at the time . 
  crash course is more recent , and is focused on educational content . 
  john has been teaching humanity-related courses ( world history , us history , and some literature so far ) , while hank teaches science ( biology , chemistry , and psychology so far ) . 
  if you 're interested in those topics , it 's [ well worth a look ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/crashcourse ) . 
  for what it 's worth , i played ac : brotherhood on my old shitty macbook pro 13 ' without a dedicated graphics card . 
  a scene near the beginning ( trying to avoid spoilers : there are a lot of characters going around in this scene ) ran like absolute shit , but the rest of the game worked just fine . 
  i suspect that if you have a current-gen or last-gen mbp or even macbook air the ac games should run just fine in os x -- at least for the two games in the series that support the operating system . 
  ninjaedit : you may want to consider heading over to / r/macgaming if you 're interested in gaming on your mac in general .
