  but even if you do n't do that , watching the season two episodes `` beginnings '' parts 1 and 2 ( i think it 's s02e07 -- 08 , but do n't take my word for it ) is an absolute ** must ** . 
  they 're completely watch able as standalone episodes , do you do n't need to watch what comes before , and these are some episodes that can easily rival the best episodes from the last airbender . 
  the former . 
  a d&d ar virtual tabltop could be cool . 
  let people play with minis and cool terrain without paying the money for minis or the time to make all the terrain . 
  if/once ar tech gets really good , it could even provide that same experience , but when your friends are n't in the same room -- or country , even . 
  visually place your friends around the table with you , and you around theirs , while the virtual table syncs between all the participants . 
  but an actual video game ? 
  druids are mostly either spellcasters ( in which case at 5th level their cantrips get stronger and they get access to 3rd level spells , which are a lot stronger ) , or transformers ( in which case they should have beasts with multi-attack , unless they 're * really * optimising for something else , in which case it 's their choice to make the trade-off ) . 
  which means that they can ( a ) choose to target a second enemy , should they choice , or ( b ) push a single target back 20 ft. , with the repelling blast invocation . 
  th one you 've linked there shows fine for me . 
  / u/stolksdorf , any ideas ? 
  i 'm pretty sure fantasy grounds is a one-time payment thing . 
  not cheap , though . 
  it 's * ludicrously * expensive . 
  $ 40 ( us , i 'm assuming ) for `` standard '' , and $ 150 for `` ultimate '' . 
  and that includes the 5e ( as well as other editions ) `` rulesets '' , but seems not to include the actual * content * like classes , races , monsters , etc. 
  you have to pay another $ 50 for each of the handbooks ' content . 
  i 'm an australian who grew up internationally , and this is the first time i 'm hearing about the guy . 
  i might expect someone from western europe to have heard of him , but to be honest i have n't heard very much about spain * at all * , except as it relates to their colonialisation of the americas . 
  yeah i 've always had the impression that torvalds was relatively chill , especially when compared to , say , stallman . 
  that does n't mean he ca n't also be bitter . 
  if anything , it makes it more likely . 
  yeah for sure . 
  i probably use my torrented pdfs about as much as i use the physical books . 
  if the search function in it was more reliable ( ocr is * pretty good * , but far from perfect -- and has serious problems dealing with line breaks ) they would be * so much * better . 
  plus it 'd be nice if they looked crisper . 
  no i did n't , but i am downvoting you for this comment , because of the presumptiveness and the arrogant tone . 
  only one of the big five , but a bunch more smaller ones do , too , including the bank of sydney , which i 'm guessing ( i 'm not from new south wales ) is one of the bigger second tier banks . 
  it 's mostly credit unions , otherwise . 
  banks are slow to adopt it because there 's just such a tiny demand for it . 
  we 've already got paywave on every single card issued in the last half a decade . 
  paying with your phone is only marginally more convenient than that , compared to the huge convenience improvement between paywave and regular chip 'n' pin . 
  the readers all support it though , so if you 've got it from your bank overseas , it 'll work fine . 
  i had a link to a source , but it caused the comment to get removed . 
  so here 's me pasting the complete list of banks myself . 
  it 'll probably be formatted like shit , but i 'm not gon na fix it myself , i 'm on my phone . 
  blame the mods . 
  anz ( american express credit cards , mastercard credit cards , visa credit and debit cards ), 
  bank australia, 
  bank of sydney, 
  beyond bank australia, 
  big sky building society, 
  australian unity, 
  cape credit union, 
  central west credit union, 
  catalyst money, 
  community first credit union, 
  northern beaches credit union, 
  credit union australia ( cua ), 
  credit union sa, 
  defence bank, 
  eecu, 
  first option credit union, 
  goldfields money, 
  goulburn murray credit union co-op, 
  holiday coast credit union, 
  horizon credit union, 
  intech credit union, 
  laboratories credit union, 
  my state bank, 
  the rock, 
  northern inland credit union, 
  people 's choice credit union, 
  police bank, 
  customs bank, 
  qt mutual bank, 
  select encompass credit union, 
  south west slopes credit union, 
  sydney credit union, 
  teachers mutual bank, 
  the mac ( macarthur credit union ), 
  warwick credit union, 
  woolworths employees ' credit union, 
  ninja edit : guess it was formatted okay . 
  bullet points would 've been nice , but oh well . 
  we have a couple of * very * brief glimpses into their civilian lives . 
  there 's the thanagarian invasion where they have to go in civilian clothes to avoid detection , and batman reveals he knows everyone 's secret identity , to break the ice on the whole `` but i do n't want to reveal my secret identity , even to you guys '' thing . 
  and , perhaps more pertinently , there 's the episode where clark and j'onn go to stay with the kents for christmas . 
   with the same ... art styling, 
  later seasons of batman changed art style significantly . 
  for the worse , imo , which is a shame . 
  i read something that the change was to make it fit better with the superman tas art style , for crossovers . 
   but formatting still is n't quite there, 
  this is the problem with firefox . 
  it ignores the syntax homebrewery uses to insert a column break . 
  why not just use chrome ? 
  it 's a better browser over all anyway . 
  i heartily approve . 
  unfortunately , in this universe , capes are a necessity to be able to fly properly . 
  remember episode 1 ? 
  edna mode just has to live with it , i 'm afraid . 
  and yet the smaller stores close as early if not * earlier * than the big guys , in most cases . 
  fuck that shit . 
  google now recommended me an article from the courier mail with the title `` higgins storm chasing reports tornado touched down at caloundra '' . 
  thought that was ... interesting ... 
  mighta just been down for some brief maintenance . 
  it 's working fine for me now . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  worth noting , / r/unearthedarcana is a 5e homebrew subreddit .
