  which only means that someone ( who may or may not be the artist ) submitted it to 9gag , just like op has submitted the 9gag post to reddit . 
  you probably already know the texts very well , so i would say the best preparation is to make sure you 're able to form a good argument in the preparation time allotted , and then deliver it comfortably . 
  the best way to do this would be to pair up with a friend and have them give you a random extract , and then actually do the 20 min ( or whatever it was , i forget ) preparation followed by the delivery . 
  get them to give you questions the same as the teacher will . 
  afterwards they can give you feedback on how you did : what needs improvement , what went well , etc. 
  then you do the same for them . 
  this does n't only help them improve , but will help give * you * insight into the examiner 's mind , so you can better structure your answers when you do it . 
  eh , you guys are n't the only ones with this stupid system . 
  much of europe uses daylight saving , and southern states in australia do . 
  correct . 
  this is actually the second part of the first season . 
  that 's how they did it with tla , but with korra it seems that each season is made up of two books . 
  probably just due to the fact that it was originally only a single miniseries that got extended into a proper show . 
  just so you know , shaolin is chinese , not japanese . 
   harry edmonds who , as a young man working for the young men 's christian association in 1909 , had a chance meeting with a chinese student . 
  edmonds ' casual `` good morning '' on the steps of the columbia university library provoked the startled response : `` i 've been in new york three weeks , and you are the \ufb01rst person who has spoken to me . '', 
  a part of the [ history of the international house ] ( http://ihouse.berkeley.edu/about/historybook.pdf ) movement ( one of which i currently stay at ) . 
  thought it seemed relevant . 
  oh right , cool !, 
  oh , your use of ` murica lead me to believe you were criticising it . 
  test is and always will be the greatest form of the game , but i also kinda like 20-20 between city teams in australia , just because it 's nice to have something on par with other sports ' weekly matches . 
  i hate to tell you this , but you 're kinda exemplifying the stereotype of americans being ignorant , there . 
  but hey , everyone has something they do n't know , so at least you 're learning , which is definitely a great thing :d, 
  here 's something else to learn : australian states are massive . 
  western australia , our largest state , is 2.5 million square kilometres , to alaska ( us 's largest ) 's 1.72 . 
  our next largest , queensland , is 1.73 . 
  it then follows with the northern territory , south australia , and new south wales , all of which are larger than the second largest us state , texas . 
  i 've missed out victoria , which would be placed 12th if it were to become a us state , and tasmania , which would be the 4nd ( just larger than west virginia ), 
  some cities you 've probably heard of , and their locations . 
  canberra , the capital , is within its own territory called the act ( australia capital territory ) . 
  sydney , the largest city , is the state capital of new south wales . 
  melbourne is the capital of victoria , brisbane the capital of qld , perth the capital of wa . 
  the star under the union jack on australia 's flag has 7 points , representing the 6 states + one for all the territories combined ( including the act , nt , antarctic territory , and others ) . 
  i 'm not sure i agree there . 
  while i would n't expect you to know the intricacies of australian politics etc. , the simple fact that it has states is fairly basic , and i would expect anyone with a decent western education should know that . 
  it 's like knowing that england has counties , or that china has provinces . 
  or , in other fields , knowing that the value of gravity is roughly 10 ( though i would n't expect one to know it 's closer to 9.81 ) , or knowing vaguely how photosynthesis works , or knowing what a noun is , or who was involved in world war ii . 
  i also put my real birthdate . 
  i mean , why the fuck not ? 
  that 's really odd . 
  it works fine for me in chrome . 
  try reinstalling it ? 
  i 'm not on win8 though , so if that is affecting it , i ca n't reproduce that . 
  same . 
  last game i bought a physical copy of was age of mythology , but it was a version published by ubisoft . 
  the only reason i bought it was because my previous copy 's disk had broken , and i wanted to continue to be able to play online . 
  it took me ages to track down a copy of the game ( not ubisoft 's fault ) , but i finally managed to get my hands on it . 
  i buy it , and not long after leaving the store i realise it says , in fine print , that offline play is not available . 
  you mean left ? 
   cultural considerations notwithstanding, 
  while this is important , it 's an unfortunate fact that most of the time people wo n't * know * that something is n't a part of your culture , and you will come across to them as rude . 
  it 's always beneficial , even if it is n't necessarily a part of your culture , to try and adapt some parts of the majority culture wherever you live . 
   there is a gap in earning , but it narrows significantly once job choice , maternity gaps in employ , and so forth are controlled for, 
  so much this . 
  that oft-quoted stat : a woman makes 70c to the male dollar ? 
  yeah , that * does n't * mean for the same job and experience level , though it is often stated in such a way to imply this is the case , it simply means that if you add up the income of every working male and compare it to the sum total of every working female , and divide by their respective numbers , the female number is 7/10ths the male . 
  when experience and job are taken into account , that figure rises to something like 98c . 
  you can make that argument , but it 's completely false . 
  australia has great national healthcare , and there is n't any ban on the consumption of foods or other substances when done in a way that ca n't affect others . 
  bars and clubs ca n't serve alcohol to clearly intoxicated people , and you ca n't smoke in many places , but both of those have a strong potential to impact * others * . 
  furthermore , the fact that the government may be paying for healthcare for people who choose these things is not one that is ever mentioned . 
  it simply is n't relevant . 
  your argument here is what 's known as a slippery slope fallacy . 
  you 're claiming that a leads to z , without first absolutely establishing that each of the steps in between will happen . 
  sure nobody has the right to another person 's labour . 
  but you know what everyone * does * have the right to ? 
  a good quality of life . 
  this fits both the argument for making contraception readily available ( though i do n't think it should be legally required to be free , just readily available ) , and the argument for healthcare in general . 
  if a baby is going to be born into terrible circumstances , it might be better that it was never born at all . 
  contraception ( and abortions ) can help this to be the case , saving both the baby from a sub-par life , and the parents from having a decreased quality of life for having to care for the unwanted baby . 
  having access to good quality healthcare is another thing that helps give people the good quality of life they have a right to . 
  it allows them to stay healthy , have less days off work ( and/or less days doing low-quality work due to working while sick ) , and therefore contribute more to the economy and to their employer . 
  ( side note , thanks so much op for providing this mechanism for intelligent discussion without worrying about downvotes even when contributing to the conversation . ), 
  i have n't got one in particular , i 've heard it many times from many places . 
  below are just the first few that came up when i googled it just now , and do n't necessarily represent the * best * sources about this . 
  make no mistake , though , this does n't mean it is n't an issue . 
  however , the issue is not one that is as ( theoretically ) easy as simply requiring women to be payed the same amount . 
  the only way to fix it is to change culture and society so that women are more willing to seek out higher paying jobs , and not by telling firms that they need to pay women more than they currently do ( by as much , anyway ) . 
  certainly very interesting , and does raise some doubts about my previous comment , but i 'm not sure it 's a complete rebuttal . 
  this seems to only be regarding university education and subjects taken , but the overall picture needs to also take into account their experience in the workplace , the exact requirements of their job , and the exact number of hours they take on . 
  thanks for the link , though . 
   my conservative beliefs are based on the fact that americans are the most charitable people in the world, 
  i hate to break it to you , but your beliefs are based on a fact that simply is n't true . 
  [ the world 's most charitable country is australia ] ( https://www.cafonline.org/pdf/worldgivingindex2012web.pdf ) , followed by ireland . 
  the us is in 5th place , or 3rd if you take the 5 year ranking . 
  it 's great that you believe private citizens and organisations could do a better job , but the simple fact is that in practice that just * is n't * the case . 
  it 's an economic issue known as the freeloader effect , and it is very , very real . 
  government intervention is * required * in order for the social optimum quantity to be produced . 
  this could be done via the government supplying it itself , or through some other means whereby it is subsidised to bring the marginal private benefit up to equal the marginal social benefit . 
  the fact that most countries with good healthcare choose the former is probably not a coincidence , however i would n't pretend to understand the issue nearly enough to make a proper judgement on that matter . 
  i do n't know enough about the us 's setup , but i 'll comment regarding australia . 
  there may be reasons that this does n't make sense in the us , and i 'd really be interested to find out why that is so , if it is indeed the case . 
  it could also simply be differing viewpoints that are both equally applicable to both situations , and in that case i 'd be interested in hearing more about the other side . 
  we also have federal , state , and local governments , but there 's a not-insignificant call to get rid of , or at least weaken the power of , the state level . 
  the reasoning is that it creates more inefficiency , by requiring additional levels of bureaucracy . 
  for example , each state has its own education department , making its own decisions and doing its own thing . 
  that means each level has to pay for its own workers , paperwork , office stuff , etc. , as opposed to having a single centralised system . 
  that part of it could equally be applied to many , many , other areas . 
  additionally , it creates problems like how the education system is different in each state , making it more difficult for students to move between states without having to try and do some form of conversion between the systems , which are bound to create problems . 
  this actually goes completely against my actual beliefs , but here 's a potential counter-argument for your first paragraph .
