  i just use arrow keys , far more convenient . 
  yeah , the script was a terrible one . 
  the movies are filled with horrible dialogue . 
  but take it a step further back , and you 've got a nugget of gold that could have been a good series of films . 
  the idea and basic structure of them is fantastic . 
  it 's just that the actual writing was abysmal , and the acting was mediocre -- not terrible , really , but not good enough to save the films by a long shot . 
  if you gave me a one page summary of each of the prequel films , i would read them and be like `` yeah , that sounds like it 'll be a fantastic set of movies '' . 
  they were n't good movies at all , but the * idea * behind them was incredible . 
  a story about the fall of someone who was supposed to be a saviour , and who started out so innocent , set in front of a backdrop of thrilling political drama involving a corrupt senate secretly being manipulated by a dark lord . 
  that 's the point . 
  the films were badly written and did n't get the point across as well as they should have , but it 's actually an absolute masterwork of a * concept * . 
  the original trilogy was very morally black & white , which is n't bad , but i find greys far more engaging . 
  the jedi during the prequels were inept , corrupt , and had become overly dogmatic about their beliefs . 
  the force needed to be balanced , not just because of the return of the sith , but because the jedi themselves had lost their way . 
  genius idea . 
  terrible actual dialogue and writing that utterly failed to get it across in an impactful way . 
  it was n't reused . 
  it 's vaguely similar in a few ways , most notably that both use low long notes of throat singing . 
  the same effect was used in the original trilogy at some point , with the emperor . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure when , but i think it might be on the death star when he 's sitting up in his chair talking down to luke . 
  i must say , i 'm a big fan of the theory snoke = plagueis , but i would n't consider the music to be absolute proof of it . 
  hmm ... 
  have you tried also pointing a fan * directly * at it ? 
  whenever i 'm gaming that 's what i try to do . 
  i find it to be moderately helpful . 
  yeah , but unfortunately that aspect is actually one that will see many ` fans ' utterly reject . 
  people who have no interest in the films evolving , imo , are harmful to the franchise , but you see it a lot . 
  there 's a guy in this thread who utterly rejects the idea of force sensitivity being inheritable , for example , and i suspect he is also against the political aspects of the prequels . 
  yes , that 's there . 
  but you miss the point , as someone else explained below . 
   the heart of star wars is the rough and ramshackle cowboy nature of space, 
  but again , others have covered this already . 
   the entirety of the first film is about trade tariffs, 
  not really that much of a bad thing . 
  the politics in the prequels had a * lot * of potential . 
  the trade tariffs in the first one were among the worst of the politics , and i 'm not sure to what degree they were necessary , but they * were * necessary to some extent , because that 's what lead to the separatists and the clone wars . 
  but i agree , there should have been far less emphasis on this particular bit of politics . 
   it 's a story about the force, 
  others have already thoroughly explained why this is , frankly , a dumb comment . 
  ( not this bit in particular , but the paragraph as a whole . ), 
   the narrative arc is built around 19 year old natalie portman playing a head of state who falls in love with a 9 year old who says `` yippee '', 
  difficult to save , but doable . 
  you could age annie up , which comes with the disadvantage of reducing the impact of his fall , since he would n't have as much of that innocent little boy quality to start with . 
  you could age padme down , which would make her presence as queen and later senator of the naboo even less believable . 
  imo , the best thing would be to have kept their ages the same , and do a better job of showing their love bloom . 
  their romance had some of the worst dialogue in the whole trilogy . 
  but there 's nothing wrong with the basic premise that padme fell in love with him as he matured . 
   anakin is born of a virgin, 
  yeah , never really saw the point of that . 
  remove it . 
   jar jar becomes a senator, 
  i could be wrong , but i thought he was just an assistant to padme , and she got him to stand in for her when she had to leave . 
  it 's not something that is permitted , as far as i 'm aware , in most of the real life political systems i 'm familiar with , but there 's no reason it could n't happen . 
  but jar jar being a senator or senator 's representative in episode ii is * crucial * . 
  his stupidity , na\u00efvit\u00e9 , and his desire to be liked by others is what allowed him to be manipulated into moving the motion to give palpatine dictatorial powers . 
  that 's important . 
  and unfortunately , it means that jar jar ca n't be removed from phantom menace , either , because they need to have established those aforementioned qualities of his personality . 
  though he certainly should have been written in a way that shows his incompetence but * does n't * make the whole audience despise him . 
  honestly , i see a lot of people say this , and i agree regarding obi-wan and qui-gon , but i * do n't * think natalie portman was that fantastic of an actor in this . 
  remember , star wars was her first real big break . 
  she was young and fairly new to film acting . 
  she did an okay job , but i do n't think that , during star wars , she was anywhere near the same calibre as ewan mcgregor . 
  but as you say , the dialogue was * far * worse than any of the acting . 
  a lot of the acting , even from the less great actors like hayden christensen , was substantially better than the dialogue . 
  but it just was n't good enough to save the film from itself . 
   i 'll have to remember to be more charitable to those actors from now on . 
  well , except for the ones playing anakin . 
  i actually thought christensen did a pretty decent job in the final act of episode iii . 
  that was the only time where his acting was really much good , but it 's better than nothing . 
  hmm , perhaps i 'm using the wrong word , but i 'm not sure i agree `` premise '' is the right one either . 
  to me , the premise is much briefer than what i was going for . 
  it 's three or four lines * at most * . 
  i 'm after something that easily makes a page per film . 
  eldritch spear , really ? 
  how often do you come across a situation where you need to shoot someone from nearly 100 m away ? 
   you can only have two at a time, 
  well , until level 5 , anyway , when you get a third one . 
  that seems like an utter waste of a cantrip for a warlock , who 's mostly going to want to keep out of melee anyway . 
  and with the way eldritch blast scales , past level 5 , even * in melee * ( with disadvantage ) , if you 've got repelling blast , you 've got a decent chance of doing an attack * and * getting away safely, 
  sure , it can be decent for some niche builds . 
  but op gave no indication that he was interested in using a melee weapon . 
  it 's not something i 'd be recommending as a `` must have '' in the general sense . 
  i always assumed hunter would first be introduced on the actual first episode of lot . 
   you could only keep track of anakin and obi-wan, 
  maybe because that 's all they * tried * to keep track of ? 
  apart from some establishing shots and the clone troopers at the very beginning , do they even show anyone else 's point of view during that scene ? 
  it 's a tried and true storytelling technique : extremely popular in roleplaying games in particular . 
  you have a huge battle going on , but deliberately choose to ignore most of what 's happening in favour of the smaller , more focussed mission of the main heroes . 
  there 's a sense that they 're a part of something greater , but you need to concentrate on something rather than having a huge mess . 
  that 's what episode iii did . 
  nope , because the vast majority of stormtroopers in the ot were not clones . 
  also : insert `` they were deliberately missing '' theory here . 
  god dammit george . 
  ah well , l'auteur est mort , anyway . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  you can also buy wax sealing kits pretty cheap on ebay . 
  they come with a few different colours of infrangible sealing wax , a spoon for melting in , a couple of tiny candles you can use to heat it over , and the actual sealing stamp with a letter emblazoned on it, 
  i wrote my current character 's backstory up by hand ( using ink and quill ) and then sealed it in an envelope using a wax sealing kit , and then gave that to my dm . 
  only thing missing was vellum -- i just used plain a4 paper . 
  wtf ?
