  what is kscreen , exactly ? 
  i 'm not sure if i 've ran up against it or not . 
  i do n't use the autohide feature , but since i spend most of my time in fullscreen applications anyway ( largely web browsers ) , it ends up being hidden from me regardless . 
  personally i find myself reaching for the scrollbar quite frequently on my ( non-mac ) desktop , because using the scroll wheel to scroll large distances can be a bit of a pain , but two finger swiping is more convenient than both 99 % of the time . 
  what 's the ij thing , next to eclipse ? 
  googling `` purple safari logo '' tells me it 's `` safari for developers '' . 
   i use it to know what apps are currently open, 
  is n't that what the little dots are for ? 
  you have lightroom and photoshop in your dock , but also the apple photos app ? 
  also seriously , ** seriously ** consider upgrading to the latest version of microsoft office . 
  its performance is * so * much better than the older versions it 's just not funny . 
  what 're those on either side of photoshop ? 
  and while i 'm at it , what 're the two to the right of safari ? 
  i 'm curious , have you an ssd on an hdd ? 
  personally i also find spotlight painfully slow , but i 've always suspected it 's because of my drive not being ssd . 
  personally i 've found it responds much faster , it learns what application you mean far better , it uses fuzzy logic ( i can type `` cc '' to bring up google chrome canary ) , and it 's capable of slightly more advanced maths calculations . 
  it has a heap more features that some people might like , but personally i 've never used them . 
  the above was easily enough for me to prefer it . 
  oh interesting . 
  when did they change their logo ? 
  it 's a great app for typing , too . 
  a bunch of subreddits have started using it to have subreddit-associated chat rooms . 
  it 's also a great way for subreddit mods to have a place they can discuss moderation details ( because modmail is just so damn awful ) . 
  yeah but that 's the thing , aasimar are not angels . 
  they are n't even celestials . 
  they 're humanoids with a * touch * of celestial blood . 
  being unable to read or write anything would be insane . 
  perhaps they could take some linguistic abilities from their heritage , and instead of speaking two languages ( the normal standard ) , speak three . 
  that could work just fine . 
  hey , in the future when you see material like this , please hit the `` report '' button and it 'll give us an alert so we can get to it sooner . 
  hey sorry , but mctoomin is correct . 
  we do n't require material be * absolutely * complete , but generally it should be possible to take the material and play it , or at least figure out on the fly how to fill in any gaps . 
  if you want to get feedback on something that 's not so complete , i 'd suggest posting in the arcana forge megathread ( [ here 's the current one ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 4gd88w/the _ arcana_forge / ) ) . 
  on a more personal feedback note , since this is your first homebrew , i 'd suggest trying to start smaller . 
  this might work nicely as a prestige class , or perhaps as an archetype for fighter or rogue . 
  you may be able to achieve the same basic idea by tweaking the cleric , rather than starting from scratch . 
   you can purchase a base that prevents it from rolling, 
  how does that work ? 
  i thought the point of the exercise ball was that you have to maintain the posture in order to stop it rolling . 
  if you 've got something that stops it rolling for you , what 's stopping you from slouching just as much as if you were on a wooden stool ? 
  it was explained quite clearly , i thought . 
  they traded 10 russian spies for 4 american spies . 
  hahaha / r/ibo is trending !, 
  that is awesome . 
  good luck to all the students currently sitting their exams !, 
  you 're almost through !, 
  well the guy in the other thread lost his job when he tried to dissuade the idiot of their idiotic notions . 
  so maybe , yeah . 
   they do have a languages entry saying they 're able to read , speak and write common and celestial . 
  oh , i must have missed that entirely somehow . 
  no one seems to have explained it particularly well . 
  it 's a sub for the international baccalaureate , a high school programme taken in the last two years of school , taught * mostly * at international schools , but many other schools also teach it instead of ( or in addition to ) their country 's national curriculum . 
  the ib is infamous for being exceedingly difficult . 
  the ibo ( the o stands for organisation ) runs a bunch of lower level programmes as well , there 's the myp and pyp ( middle and primary years programmes ) , but people do n't talk about those as much , because they 're not very interesting . 
  so in effect this subreddit is mostly about the ib diploma programme . 
  it 's trending because students are currently in the midst of their final exams , and also possibly because the recent physics exam was supposedly far more difficult than previous exams have been , in part due to a curriculum change . 
  i once paid 60 yuan for a packet of chips that should have cost 16 when i was on holiday in china , due to a language miscommunication and a scummy salesman . 
  but in terms of games , my biggest waste of money has been buying all of the age of empires games one at a time slowly on steam , rather than grabbing all of them at once in a package deal . 
  a pretty unconventional answer , i know , but i ca n't think of any games or gaming peripherals that i 've bought that i 've regretted in their own right . 
  a school can refer to primary or secondary education , but it can also ( and in this case , clearly does ) refer to one of the more specialised departments at a large university . 
  irl , i 'm studying at my university 's school of information technology and electrical engineering , for example . 
  my wizard is studying the abjuration school . 
  it 's also full of grammatical and spelling errors , at least one of which seriously hinders communication . 
  another one is aka . 
  people often use it when they mean i.e. 
  aka means `` also known as '' . 
  if it 's not a term you would actually use on its own to actually address the person , aka is inappropriate . 
  i do n't know about `` irregular subject choices '' , but the fact is that if you 're doing the ibdp you 're supposed to do one subject from each of groups 1-5 , plus one other . 
  your subject change left you without a group 3 subject . 
  both you and your coordinator should have known better and stopped this before it actually occurred . 
   american ib is also very different to ib for the rest of the world, 
  wait what ? 
  i was always under the impression that the ib was designed specifically to be pretty much the same thing wherever you go . 
  they did their ib exams * after * starting university ? 
  that sounds like the school he went to was super weird , because that definitely is n't the norm . 
  i know that most of my friends who applied to american universities got their place based on predicted grades , before taking the final exams , but they certainly did n't * start * university first , and people applying anywhere else in the world tended to get conditional offers , or have their offer not arrive until after exams . 
  i answered that question recently in [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ibo/comments/4idtly/ribo_is_now_trending/d2xyb9c?context=3 ) over on the / r/ibo subreddit . 
   i know orff 's carmina burana is technically a modern piece , i did n't know where else to post this ... 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  i love you . 
  i love you so much . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic or insincere at all here . 
  i think it 's absolutely lovely that someone is concerned with the content of this subreddit so much that they 'd be worried 20th century classical music ( and one of the most well-known pieces thereof ) would be problematic . 
  but yeah , we 're pretty much fine with any piece of western art music here . 
  mainly the common practice era stuff , but renaissance and 20th century classical are fine to . 
  nobody 's going to even blink an eye at this . 
  we tend to draw the line at film music or jazz . 
  but yeah , carmina burana is such an incredible piece . 
  i 'm not a singer , but when my school orchestra/choir did o fortuna , i joined the choir just for that term ( rather than play the god-awful clarinet part for the piece ... ) , and it was such an amazing experience . 
  i 've only seen the full thing in concert once , and it truly is stunning . 
  the whole journey is so much more amazing than any one specific part of it . 
  though i would say if i had to pick , the very dying moments of the ave formosissima going in to the reprise of o fortuna . 
  it 's just chilling . 
  oh no , they were speaking english . 
  but with the way many asian languages/accents kinda fade away or drop off final consonants , `` sixteen '' and `` sixty '' end up being nigh indistinguishable . 
  hey sorry , but i 've had to remove this . 
  rule 1 : the content has to be complete in terms of material presented . 
  it does n't have to be perfect or balanced but it does have to be fleshed out . 
  if you want to solicit feedback on more vague concepts , or get help fleshing something out , i would suggest posting in the latest [ arcana forge megathread ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 4gd88w/the _ arcana_forge / ) . 
  one time when i was in egypt , there was a book i was interested in buying from a street vendor outside one of the major tourist attractions ( i think it may have been abu simbel , but i ca n't remember for sure ) .
