  maybe that 's their intention , but if that 's the case , they should do a lot more , especially internationally . 
  lgs support for d&d where i am is shit . 
  the stores in my city listed on wizard 's locator page all sell the books at exhorbitant prices , and there 's only about 5 or 6 of them . 
  as far as i 'm aware , none of them run d&d games in-store . 
  heck , only one or two of them had * any * space for running * any * games , and i 'm pretty sure they mainly used that for magic . 
  if wizards wants to back up their lack of support for d&d from a player 's perspective by saying `` what we 're doing is to support local gaming stores '' , they need to actually put their actions where their mouths are , rather than using it as a pitiful excuse not to have pdfs and online tools available . 
  yeah this looks awesome as it is now !, 
  thanks !, 
  very interesting , especially considering finnish was a major influence on quenya . 
  i was under the impression that public transport and bicycle infrastructure in victoria ( well , in melbourne , at least ) was really good . 
  could be wrong though ; it 's been a while since i 've been there . 
  you have a by election in each and every seat . 
  then the next thing they do is pick a new president . 
  have to agree with the people of / r/itookapicture . 
  the vibrancy/saturation slider was used a little too much here . 
  but otherwise it 's a really nice shot . 
  i think it 's at the end of lmop . 
  worth noting that the aasimar is a full race ( albeit one based off of the tiefling from the phb ) , while the eladrin is an extra option for a subrace of elves . 
  same with the deep gnome ( as if it were n't obvious from the name ) being an extra subrace option for gnomes . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i can see why he wanted to slide it up , the ooc shot is a little flat . 
  he just went too far the other way with it , which is easy to accidentally do , especially when you make the adjustment bit by bit . 
  if you are n't regularly referring back to the original , it 's easy to not notice just how much you 've changed it . 
  ah , so it does . 
  page 243 of the dmg , and page 51 ( the last page of the actual adventure ) of lmop , to be precise . 
  i 've always thought freeware just means it 's free to use , regardless of whether or not it 's open source . 
  the comments per month thing is clearly not correct . 
  it 's obviously not taking into account the fact that it ca n't get posts that go too far back in history . 
  fun fact , the trust score is based on number of sentences per word . 
  more shorter sentences is apparently more trustworthy , according to trollabot . 
  ( sentences * 13 / words ) * 1000, 
  [ source ] ( / r/botwatch/comments / 30k919/hey _ trollabot_here_if_you_can_figure_out_the / cptc7i2 ), 
  there are a few different sources in there . 
  some come from the player 's handbook , and unless you 're explicitly told otherwise by your dm , you can generally choose any of those . 
  there are a couple in the dungeon master 's guide : namely the eladrin ( an elf subrace ) and the aasimar ( a full race , kind of like the angelic equivalent to the demon 's tiefling ) . 
  i imagine most dms would be open to allowing these . 
  then there 's the material released in the elemental evil player 's companion . 
  these are official materials that you 'll probably be allowed in most circumstances , especially if you 're running through one of the pre-made campaigns released by wizards . 
  then there 's the stuff from the unearthed arcana entries . 
  these are beta materials that have n't been thoroughly playtested . 
  their balance is n't quite as solidly worked out . 
  personally i would n't allow these unless a player made a really strong case , and i 'd still warn them that we may change a few features for balance as the campaign goes along , if they 're too powerful or too weak . 
  other dms might have different stances on it . 
  [ this is one of the first that came up for me when searching google scholar ] ( http://hfs.sagepub.com/content/24/5/509.short ) . 
  it claims only a 5 % increase . 
  quick glances suggest there are some other studies out there that see greater increases . 
  i would say this , though . 
  to me , the primary advantage of switching to dvorak is that if you learnt on qwerty originally , you almost * certainly * are not a perfect touch typist . 
  you probably glance at the keyboard , even subtly , from time to time . 
  that 's hindering your typing ability . 
  switching to dvorak , so long as you * do n't * get stickers or rearrange the keys on the physical keyboard , forces you to rely completely on touch typing ability . 
  so the biggest advantage in terms of typing speed is n't inherent to dvorak itself , but is a result of switching to something completely new in general . 
  the next big advantage is one that i 'd be surprised to see any research into . 
  that 's the comfort and risk of rsis . 
  the claim is that reduced travel means that dvorak reduces the risk of rsis from long-term use . 
  but considering the number of people using dvorak , the amount of typing that would be necessary , and the difficulty of controlling for outside factors , it would be very difficult to do a reliable study into how accurate that claim is . 
  is this your first time watching the show ? 
  but yeah , that episode is absolutely fantastic , for so many reasons . 
  i 'm particularly hoping that the s logo card gets re done . 
  it looks really weird in this version . 
   he was pretty good in the last five years, 
  wait , is there a film version of that ? 
  i saw an amateur local theatre production of it , and thought it was a fairly good play . 
  is the movie worth seeing ? 
  but anyway , on the topic of the actual show , i agree with you on pretty much every point . 
  i actually did n't think the * flying * itself was too bad . 
  it was when they did more advanced aerial stunts , like the throwing around in the fight scene ( especially the first one ) , and kara falling backwards off the building ( though i would n't actually call that one an especially advanced stunt ) that it looked sub-par . 
  but still , either way , it did n't seriously hinder my enjoyment of the show , so i think it 's fine . 
  they really need to re-do the title card with the s , though . 
  the couple of times it came up i just thought ... this looks so wrong . 
  i would assume the language is kryptonese , but the demonym would still by kryptonian . 
  it 's just way too weird if they do n't do that . 
  i do n't think it 's just to drum up hype . 
  if it were that , they 'd probably leak it much closer to the air date . 
  i honestly think they 're also looking for some feedback . 
  to see where they should go with the rest of the season . 
  of course it 's not going to make a huge difference to where the show 's whole vision goes , but i think they might shift the tone slightly if the reaction to this makes it seems like that would benefit them . 
  there 's also the oh-so-important lack of superman in the arrowverse . 
  it 's definitely only going to cross over if they go interdimentional . 
  there 's no way to do it otherwise and have it remotely believable . 
  i do n't know much about superman and supergirl 's relation in the comics , but the relation that superman has to superboy in young justice is one that could be described in a very similar way . 
  and while it was frustrating to watch at first , once they actually got around to explaining it , they did a fantastic job of it in that . 
  so hopefully this show will be able to do something similar . 
  though it 'll be hard when they ca n't actually have superman on screen . 
  if anyone 's going to take on the challenge , i might suggest that they should count each character separately . 
  keep a few columns on a bit of paper and put a tally mark in the right column each time someone fires an arrow . 
  maybe keep an `` other '' column for the characters that are n't major . 
  i think it 's more than just hype . 
  they want to get feedback on what works and what does n't . 
  they 're obviously not going to change the show enormously , but the feedback on this leak might inform the direction they take in their stylistic choices . 
  they actually said superman once in this episode , i 'm pretty sure . 
  and barry 's house . 
  but on the note of the flash title , i think one of the biggest changes necessary is the s title card . 
  it looks really overly ... i dunno , smooth , i guess . 
  a more metallic look or something would help . 
  but that 's actually not what they 're talking about above . 
  the changes to the pilot between now and airing will be absolutely minimal . 
  what they 're going to gauge based on this leak is the reaction to the show , and they 'll use that to inform which aspects of the show they emphasise more as they write and film the rest of the season , and which aspects they let fade into the background . 
  yeah that 's definitely true . 
  the point is you should n't have to think about that .
