  i did some pyp , but then moved to another school which teaches british curriculum , followed by igcses , and then ib , so i guess i have n't been as immersed in it as you !, 
  still will be glad to finally finish with it , though !, 
  they do n't ? 
  aww ... that 's a shame . 
  still , tenor sax , that 's got ta be my favourite of the family ( i actually play alto , but as a secondary instrument ) . 
  haha , i also did inidan for my mli , comparing to great highland bagpipe music . 
  see , i thought that advice by bollin was the worst i 've ever heard . 
  she was earthbending in the correct way , in a style very much like hung gar that earthbending is based off of . 
  bollin 's advice was that correct style is not important in pro-bending , where they simply need to be quick . 
  you 're probably right with your air to human comparison , but not with your flower to human one . 
  remember the cell walls do nothing with regards to stopping things entering or leaving the cell . 
  flowers use the large amount of water in their vacuoles just to stay turgid , so it 'd probably be easier to get water from a flower than a person . 
  i do n't think korra has learnt how to heal with waterbending . 
  it seems like it would be too spiritual a technique for her . 
  only the most powerful firebenders can lightning bend . 
  oh , i must have missed that . 
  it 's still only powerful firebenders that can do it , just like only powerful earthbenders can metalbend . 
  i guess that the numbers of these must be fairly high , though . 
  on the 22nd i will have finished high school , but i get the impression this is mostly people in their early-mid twenties . 
  probably because i graduated to reddit from 9gag , where most people seem like immature 12 year olds . 
  thank you , i hate when people say `` could care less '' ... 
  but it 's just awesome music with some pictures ... 
  touch\u00e9, 
  own them ? 
  pssh , for most of them there 's the [ international music score library project ] ( http://imslp.org/wiki ), 
  would n't this be better as a sticker on the back of your car ? 
  you know , '' * this movie * '' ? 
  starring [ it ] ( http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110707001905/addamsfamily/images/1/1a/addams-family.jpg ) and [ the thing ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/a/a3/thing_v2_1_coverart.jpg/250px-thing_v2_1_coverart.jpg ), 
  i discovered a composer on youtube and performed a movement from his clarinet sonata for my ib music recital . 
  not a large scale piece , to be fair , but i 'm sure i ca n't be the only person who 's done such a thing . 
  i was actually searching for the possibility of a beethoven clarinet sonata that i had n't heard of ( unfortunately i was initially right : there was n't any ) when i came across him by accident . 
  i 'd avoid happy birthday due to all the controversy around its copyright . 
  how about twinkle twinkle , though ? 
  it 's a good one , if it has been done many times before . 
  tenshimaru 's right , you 're looking for subtle . 
  ( although there is an argument to be made that the joke was also sublime ), 
  joint winners : the prize gets split up between everyone . 
  31 days of reddit gold , split between 16,165 people means 2 mins 45 seconds each . 
  you 've already had your time without knowing it !, 
  oh , nevermind , it 's korean . 
  i would say that `` power '' comes from the technique , as well as knowledge and understanding of your element . 
  it 's mostly a matter of semantics , but i still say the most `` powerful '' benders of their type can do the specialist bending like metal and lightning bending . 
  good luck to you , too !, 
  i just got back from my english sl , and i 've got maths hl tomorrow . 
  yeah , this mirrors my thoughts exactly . 
  they treat it in a way very similar to airbending , actually , although perhaps more aggressive than true airbending . 
  because every musician knows bach was `` the greatest '' , and when we say another musician is , it 's purely hyperbolous . 
  everyone knows it 's not really true , so by denying it you 're accidentally implying that you do n't think he 's great at all , when may not have been your intention at all . 
  ca n't even say if it was hard or easy ? 
  that 's bs . 
  this is the internet , and i 'll say whatever i want about the non-specifics of the exam . 
  the more minor the crime , the shorter the statute of limitations is , i imagine . 
  what bojangles010 said was that for murder there is no sol , i.e. 
  you can prosecute for murder at any time until the murderer 's death . 
  ha , that 's nothing . 
  try riding in vietnam . 
  i have literally seen motorcyclists use * the wrong blinker * . 
  i do n't even know how it 's possible to do that out of ignorance : i can only think that they want to cause people harm . 
  pronouncing it `` haych '' is just wrong . 
  australian here , and i grew up being taught that , but then became kinda lax about caring about that ( although i still always said aych ) , until i recently came across someone else ( may have been mitchell 's soapbox ) where they corrected it . 
  i always thought `` haych '' was an american thing . 
  yeah , `` zee '' just fits the song . 
  every other cadence point rhymes with it . 
  i 've always sang `` zed '' , but it definitely is jarring . 
  he rests his case . 
  i ca n't hear the word steward * without * thinking of denethor . 
  yeah , i really got the impression that something like this would happen right from near the beginning of the book . 
  i thought it would end up being kinda like animal farm , where they have a revolution but end up just the same . 
  katniss shooting coin may have helped prevent that . 
  i , too , was a gatniss shipper . 
  but his was n't the only loose end , i felt . 
  i agree , the ending felt really weak . 
  so many loose ends . 
  it 's `` could n't '' care less . 
  i thought that , but that does n't make sense ... 
  the point of the expression is to show that you do n't care about it . 
  thus , could n't care less . 
  it 's not meant to be literal , of course you can always care less than you do , you 're just trying to show that you do n't care . 
  i think someone divided by zero when i was born . 
  my two favourite genres are classical and jazz . 
  that makes me creative ^ 2 , but both introverted and extroverted . 
  i think i remember hearing in a recent case that for child abuse it 's 8 years . 
  the case came about from a video that was uploaded to youtube many years after the fact . 
  ( ca n't remember exactly , but i think it was child abuse that the case was about , and i think it was 8 years ) . 
  if by snatch you 're referring to someone `` snatching '' a date or something , i can quite honestly say i have never heard it used in the plural : it just does n't really make sense plural . 
  whoa ... 
  are half the people in private prisons really there due to marijuana-related charges !, 
  that 's not a term i 've heard before , and neither is it one i want to hear again -_-, 
  but thanks for the explanation ... 
  honestly , i 'm not that big a fan , but yeah , it 's pretty much an accepted standard . 
  do n't ask me to defend it , because i do n't really like his music as much as i like a lot of other composers , but every serious musician i 've heard from ( in person or on the internet ) has put him as the number one . 
  if this is older stuff , i would really genuinely like to see some new stuff !, 
  the waterbending especially could have been better , and i 'm sure if you knew that the special effects would end up being better , then you would also just naturally put more effort into the style as well . 
  i think it might have something to do with the amount of influence he had over other composers , but i 'm not entirely sure what it is . 
  stravinsky has n't had as much effect on other composers as bach , simply because of the relatively short amount of time since he was around compared to bach . 
  but you do n't even know what level op takes :p, 
  good luck !!, 
  i 'm afraid i 'm not allowed to tell you what my studies friends said about theirs . 
  i will give you one piece of advice , though . 
  ** make sure you put your calculator in degrees ** .
