  and most stores accept paywave . 
  this is brilliant news . 
  by any reasonable definition , happy birthday should be public domain . 
  hopefully this lawsuit is successful , and filmmakers , restaurants , etc. 
  will finally be free of this bogus burden for good . 
  i wish jennifer nelson all the best of luck in this . 
  i 'm really enjoying quizup . 
  it is ( as the name implies ) a quiz application . 
  what 's great is that it has quizzes on just about every topic conceivable . 
  i 've added my family members on it as friends , and we regularly challenge each other in different topics -- you can compete in real time or assymetrically , which is great . 
  fully agree with this . 
  basically , if there is no reason that they ca n't in-character just keep trying until they succeed , then just let them succeed straight away if a 20 would be enough to pass . 
  it 's far better to actually give them challenges that * do * have time penalties or something similar . 
  why ? 
  the third movement ( not sure why that band decided to call it an `` act '' ) of beethoven 's piano sonata no. 14 works brilliantly as a rock/metal piece . 
  a lot of bach 's `` x and fugue '' pieces are fantastic . 
  of course , the other toccata and fugue in d minor ( bwv 565 ) is just fantastic . 
  perhaps my favourite , though , is the passacaglia and fugue in c minor ( bwv 582 ) , which was originally for organ , but there are also a number of great transcriptions for orchestra . 
  fwiw , the save the nbn petition got 4 times the signatures as the bishop petition currently has . 
  out of interest , does * caldo * have a similar etymology to scalding ( i.e. , very hot ) ? 
  i 'm still confused . 
  the inspector is delivering a fine , but where does the `` new farm justice '' come in to it ? 
  if it 's simply that the inspector was fining a scam artist , then how is that `` unknown '' justice ? 
  because clearly she is n't delivering the fine by accident . 
  she * knows * what she 's doing . 
  i must be missing something ... 
  i nominate / u/ser _ scribbles , / u/agsports , / u/zagorath , and / u/voteronaldraygun as members from the governing party . 
  and i nominate / u/3fun , / u/lurker281 , and / u/phyllicanderer as non-government members . 
  what you are suggesting goes very much against the laws in many areas . 
  most australian states , for example , have a law that cyclists ( over a certain age ) * must * ride on the road . 
  personally i think that 's a terrible law ( for reasons i wo n't get in to here , because it is n't pertinent ) , and my state allows us to choose to be on the road or the pavement , as suits us . 
  nevertheless , your suggestion to people in those other states would be `` break the law '' , which is never good advice . 
  additionally , in my state , it is * cars * who are required * by law * to give a wide birth to cyclists . 
  in the interest of safety , a cyclist is required to give at least 1 m gap between the car and the bike at low speeds , and 1.5 m at high speeds ( 70 km/h or higher , i think it is ) . 
  your assumption is that roads belong to the cars . 
  this is wrong . 
  your reasoning and use of logic seems sound , and it is . 
  but you are arguing from a completely incorrect premise . 
  roads belong , by decree of both governments and society in general , to a very wide variety of vehicles , ranging from large road trains down to cyclists . 
  this includes motorbikes , trucks , and yes , normal cars . 
  you do n't get to unilaterally decide `` oh , no , bikes do n't get to be included in that '' . 
  pedestrians are unpredictable , cars tend not to be . 
  riding on the pavement , especially if it 's narrow , can force the cyclist to go so excruciatingly slowly that they might as well be walking . 
  what would be the point of that ? 
  you have to be careful all the time , because someone walking might just suddenly stop , or step to the side . 
  additionally , blind intersections ( t-junctions between a minor street and a major road , usually ) or driveways can be especially dangerous , because drivers coming up to them are looking mainly at the road , not the pavement . 
  this can be very dangerous for a cyclist on the pavement . 
  contrast that with cars on the road , where you can usually expect them to use their blinkers when changing lanes or turning ( and if they are n't , then they 're breaking the law anyway ) , and they can generally see you quite easily . 
  as a cyclist , i have as much right to be on the road as you do driving a car , and it is sheer arrogance to suggest otherwise . 
  to ride cautiously enough to make the risk equivalent to riding on the road would negate the advantages of cycling in the first place on all but the most empty of pavements . 
  you would have to be going at near walking speeds anyway . 
   if you bike on the sidewalk you basically take cars out of the equation . 
  no , you do n't . 
  intersections and driveways are made * more * dangerous by cycling on the pavement , because the driver is n't looking for you there , they 're looking at the road . 
  [ here 's the actual article ] ( http://www.eldiariomontanes.es/cantabria/201507/28/guardia-civil-implica-personas-20150728000356-v.html ) . 
  you could try entering it in to a translator yourself . 
  are you running any extensions which might block content ? 
  adblockers , scriptblockers , that kind of thing ? 
  that might be what caused it to fail . 
   it 's so funny because the phrase agree to disagree is usually used as a way to end a disagreement amicably, 
  is it really ? 
  most of the time i see it used it 's pretty passive aggressive , kinda like this guy , only he was light on the passive and heavy on the aggressive . 
  600 melbourne cricket grounds ? 
  yeah , that 's a much better way of phrasing what i was trying to get at . 
  which is funny , since more often than not , the person using it is the one clearly in the wrong to most outside observers . 
  i ca n't speak for other people , but i do n't listen to voicemail . 
  my voicemail message even tells callers as much , and says to text or email me . 
  present, 
  this is terrible reasoning . 
  i agree that op was wrong , but your reasoning is horrible . 
  you use the same type of language one might use describing someone who * chooses * to do something that puts them at needless risk , like smoking or similar . 
  but cycling is a net benefit , and should be * encouraged * . 
  we should be passing more laws to * protect * cyclists , and to * encourage * more people into doing it . 
  not using this accusational language . 
  your same reasoning could be used against pedestrians , by saying that pedestrians have chosen to be at risk in an environment shared by cyclists . 
  it 's just stupid . 
  indeed , the exact reason that i usually choose to ride on the pavement rather than the road ( where i live , both are legal ) is * because * i am putting myself in charge by doing so . 
  on the roads , absent minded drivers are a danger to me . 
  on the pavement ( which is generally empty or near empty where i ride ) i 'm in charge . 
  if i crash into someone it is entirely my fault , because * i * can avoid it , and i trust myself not to do that far more than i trust drivers on major roads . 
  your best bet would be to download a singleplayer game ahead of time and play that . 
  the speed * might * be decent , but the latency will be crazy . 
  and unless you 've got * truly * unlimited data , it 'll cost you a crazy amount . 
   joining the stem field is your responsibility to keep the u.s. as a world power, 
  does anyone really care about that ? 
  choosing stem over arts is something people do because it 's a safer financial choice for themselves . 
  i doubt many people really give a crap about keeping their country going . 
  was it daggerfall ? 
  i really wan na see them make a skyfall . 
  morrowind and oblivion are at least playable today . 
  but daggerfall basically is n't . 
  so there 'd be so much more to gain from having daggerfall ( and arena , for that matter ) made in a more modern engine than there is with the es : iii and iv . 
   anti-brigading research ( what techniques are working to coordinate attacks ), 
  this is nice , but to me the worst brigading is n't coordinated attacks . 
  it 's meta subreddits that link to other subreddits . 
  subreddit drama is the most obvious culprit , though the mods over there at least do the best they can to prevent it . 
  places like / r/badlinguistics ( which is just an utter cesspool ) do * nothing * to prevent or discourage their users from brigading , and honestly i think that sort of behaviour needs to be removed . 
  either by getting rid of the whole offending subreddit , or at least banning the specific users from there who vote or comment in linked threads . 
  ( site-wide banning , rather than the subreddit-specific banning that srd uses when they can . ), 
  they probably * could * have done that , but the amount of work required was deemed too much to be worth it .
