  2/3 of interpretations of the abrahamic god forbid it , you mean ? 
  ( and even then , only if you take all of `` christianity '' as a single religion , rather than treating catholics , eastern orthodox , * mormons * , etc. 
  as separate interpretations . ), 
  of all the extant religions in the world , i 'm not aware of * any * other than those two abrahamic faiths that forbid bacon . 
  lol `` the others '', 
  your logo , at least according to [ the thumbnail i 'm seeing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/garwvlw.png ) , looks * suspiciously * similar to [ sparrow 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sparrow_%28email_client%29 ) ... 
  still better than what brooklyn 99 is doing . 
  damn thing came back for * one * week ( albeit with a double length episode ) , before going on break for another three and a half months . 
  if you admit it is creative and skilled , why is it not art ? 
  i can see criticism of it as being not very * interesting * , or trite , or whatever , as being valid criticism . 
  i kinda feel that myself , to be honest -- it just does n't make me feel anything , personally . 
  but i ca n't possibly see any argument for why it would not be considered * art * at all . 
  i loved the last one , but this one gets a `` meh '' from me . 
  maybe it 's just because the novelty is gone ? 
   oh and they 're in triplets, 
  but it clearly says `` sextuplet '' below ? 
  anyway , i 'm curious , how long does it last like this ? 
  the opening to beethoven 's * path\u00e9tique * does much the same thing , but it 's a heavy mix of crotchets/quavers as well as the crazy short notes . 
  ( though it 's also in a comparatively free time , rather than needing to be strictly in tempo , which helps . ), 
  i do n't know the context in your case , but beethoven 's use of semihemidemisemiquavers was clearly the best choice for his piece . 
  hey mods , do you have any idea what happened to this thread ? 
  it seems to have been deleted by op themselves , but i 'm curious if you 've got any insight into why in might have been . 
  wizards study magic , and by studying it , it 's possible to enable it to do a wider variety of different things . 
  it 's possible , in essence , for new spells to be deliberately * created * . 
  sorcerers have an innate control over magic , but they do n't have that deeper understanding needed to forge spells . 
  their innate understanding allows them to twist existing magic in interesting ways ( metamagic ) , but they 're limited to casting spells that are more `` raw '' in nature . 
  that 's how i 've always thought of it , anyway . 
  is there any exposition/character development done during the game itself ? 
  for example , not owning a playstation more recent than the 2 , i watched the last of us on youtube , but it was a complete playthrough , not just cutscenes , since you get a lot of meaningful little character interactions through the gameplay , as well as understanding how the characters got to where they are at the start of each cutscene . 
   she 's over 40, 
  wait , what ? 
  is this stated ? 
  i always assumed she appeared more or less the age she actually was . 
  why else would j'onn introduce her to the team ? 
  unless , of course , martians mature ( emotionally ) at a much slower rate than humans , in which case saying her physical age is 40 years is meaningless , since her mental age is relatively the same . 
   megan does border on manipulative at times , but i 've never seen it as totally unjust, 
  i would argue * very * strongly that it was * totally * unjust . 
  that 's basically the entire point of her and his character arcs during season 2 . 
  by the time she started mind wiping people , which turned conor against her , resulting in her trying to rearrange his mind to forget that , she had been with the team for long enough to know full well that what she was doing was wrong , even if the first half of it was for the right reasons . 
   the lantern movie was supposed to kick of the jl franchise, 
  this is well known . 
  and in retrospect , i wish it had . 
  as bad as it was , it at least felt faithful to the source material , unlike the monstrosity that was man of steel ... 
  he definitely was at mount justice . 
  i rewatched it recently and made note of that , in light of having read this thread . 
  so * technically * it works , but narratively it still feels weak , even if there is a reason that can be found . 
  oh , thanks !, 
  i ca n't believe i did n't remember that . 
  that 's one of my favourite scenes in the show !, 
  ( mainly because of the dig at guy gardner . ), 
  i would certainly * want * to outrun a fork man . 
  that sounds terrifying !, 
  ( commas matter , man ! ), 
  hmm , good point . 
  perhaps if they came up with alternate domain spells for favoured souls that are entirely not on the sorcerer 's list , but still fit the domain ? 
  and that helps with this , how ? 
  2007 introduced the ribbon . 
  2013 is a substantial improvement on this paradigm , but it 's still very clearly a descendant of that same design . 
  what do you mean by vim-like ? 
  though linux is already pretty modular , in a way . 
  in terms of guis , you 've got the x windowing system , but then on top of that you can choose your desktop environment ( gnome , kde , etc. ) . 
  there 's also a window manager in between the two , though that less talked about . 
  then of course the entire unix design paradigm is about small little applets that each do one thing , and users can chain together their outputs to perform more complex tasks . 
  you know what i want to know ? 
  how do we combat this ? 
  when someone says , with no shame , `` i 'm no good with computers '' , what is the best response to try to get them to at the very least stop feeling proud about that fact , or ideally get them to want to learn ? 
  but that 's not what the above user was talking about . 
  if you do n't know whether they have powerpoint 2003 , powerpoint 2007 + , or neither , seeing what file extensions you 're working with is useless . 
  macos has had print to pdf as part of the native printer functionality since at * least * snow leopard . 
  after discovering that ( at a time when windows did n't yet have that feature ) i was astonished at how useful it was and frequently frustrated with its absence on windows . 
  using a pdf can still do that . 
  you have a second and subsequent slide that 's exactly the same , but adds in one more line of text . 
  i 've had lecturers who do things this way . 
  honestly , it 's a kludge of a solution in my opinion . 
  it makes going through the pdf after the fact for revision really annoying . 
  but even if that is n't relevant to one 's use case , the inelegance of it should be enough reason not to do that . 
  the way i see it is that sorcerers are working purely on instinct . 
  it explains why they can only select such a small number of spells , rather than , like a cleric ( or even a wizard , to an extent ) , being able to choose spells on a day-to-day basis . 
  being instinctive , the types of things they are capable of doing with it are less varied . 
  the types of complex manoeuvres wizards are capable because of their study of the way the magical field works are simply not possible when you 're working on instinct , which also explains the limited spell list . 
  i 'm genuinely curious what interpretation of how sorcerers work you 're working with , that would make their spells * more * varied than wizards , while still being primarily about charisma ( i.e. , innate force of will ) rather than intelligence , and also accounting for the low number of spells known . 
  well , glasses can be singular if you 're talking a out a drinking glass . 
  my laptop is 16:10 , and i 've had a lot if other computer screens that are not 16:9 . 
  seriously . 
  i use linux . 
  i 'd even say i like it . 
  but i hate these sorts of people who go around proclaiming that proprietary software is some sort of immoral or evil thing . 
  you know what ? 
  the vast majority of user application software is * better quality * when it 's proprietary . 
  free software is a nice thing , and there is some great free stuff out there ( audacity , the whole lamp stack , the gnu command line utilities , etc. ) . 
  but microsoft office is so much better than libreoffice . 
  photoshop is an actually usable piece of software , whereas gimp looks like it was designed by a blind monkey . 
  i 'm not going to make sacrifices to my user experience for some extremely nebulous idea of freedom . 
  fuck what richard stallman has to say . 
  the absolutionist approach is antithesis to good sense . 
  yeah there 's really no practical difference between semiquaver sextuplets and two sets of semiquaver triplets . 
  i was just making a joke at the fact that , in this case , it was marked with a `` 6 '' . 
  since it 's marked with a 6 rather than a 3 , i 'd refer to it in the same way as the composer and/or editor chose to refer to it , even if it is , in practice , the same thing . 
  if it 's not supported , there 's nothing to render the icon correctly , so it 'll be a generic rectangle thing . 
  that 's the case for any software on windows .
