  ] ( http://cdn-www.cracked.com/articleimages/ob/dsummary_image_03.jpg?v=1268001281 ), 
  i would ( nearly ) never use it in an orchestra , but i say if you like the sound , feel free to use it in solo works . 
  i played [ a clarinet arrangement of rachmaninoff 's `` vocalise '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9szfzoslrek ) , which has a structure of aabb , and in each of the repeats i used vibrato . 
  personally i thought it sounded really nice that way ( and so did my clarinet teacher and music teachers ) . 
  well ... to be fair , there are n't any $ 6 or $ 9 notes in either america or canada ... 
  a better argument is simply the fact that in a stack of notes , you ca n't see the faces of all of them , but you can very easily just glance at the colour . 
  have n't some people claimed his children are even worse ? 
   electoral college , and yes , there are wrong answers . 
  are you stupid ? 
  there is only one right answer, 
  haha , way to go , smart alleck . 
  but seriously , there * are * wrong answers ( for example , `` gg '' , `` the senate '' , or `` florjda '' -- who the fuck is that even meant to be ? 
  ) , but there are many right answers . 
  saying `` electoral college '' is correct , but so is `` the people of the united states '' , since that directly impacts how the college votes . 
  no election has ever swung the other way because of electoral college votes going against the people of that state . 
  a person could also say things like `` the media '' , or `` corporations through donations '' , and not be entirely wrong . 
  we can buy alcohol at 18 in my country , but you ca n't buy it in supermarkets in my state . 
  still , i just answered by mentally substituting `` supermarket '' for `` bottle-o '' . 
  what happened in 2005 that caused the entire east coast to become really interested ? 
  and does anyone know why the nt does n't seem to care about vpns at all lately ? 
  or could that just be the fault of google not correctly attributing the location of territorian searches ? 
  but i do find it very interesting that so many australians are now looking in to vpns . 
  i think that 's perfectly fair . 
  i mean , i really do n't care all that much about the button , and i did n't use his extension , but he created software that is literally malware . 
  sure , it 's not stealing money or your identity , but it 's software that 's running on people 's machines that is doing stuff that was * totally * unauthorised by the user . 
  and that is * never * , under ** any ** circumstances , acceptable in the least . 
  wait what ? 
  when did all this happen ? 
  the only ones i knew about were greys and colours ... 
  the problem is that in the supergirl show , at least from what they 've said so far , it seems that superman has been around and being ... well ... superman for a while already . 
  he clearly does n't exist in any significant way in the arrowverse yet , since that would be a big deal ; we would have heard of it . 
  so unless they do weird stuff involving multiverses , i just do n't see how supergirl can be in the same universe as the arrowverse . 
  personally , i think it 's a shame . 
  i 'm not a comic reader , so i do n't particularly care about her backstory being the same as in the comics , but i think it would have been cool to put her in the same universe and have the actions of the flash and maybe the arrow be the reason that she chooses to come out as a superhero . 
  obviously that would upset some comic readers , but i just think it 'd be really cool . 
  [ here 's the first one i found with google ] ( http://www.ew.com/article/2015/01/22/supergirl-melissa-benoist ) . 
  the show 's official description , it states , is, 
   born on the planet krypton , kara zor-el escaped amid its destruction years ago . 
  since arriving on earth , she 's been hiding the powers she shares with her famous cousin . 
  but now at age 24 , she decides to embrace her superhuman abilities and be the hero she was always meant to be . 
  `` her famous cousin '' , of course , being superman . 
  i have n't seen the legislation , but most commentary i 've seen has suggested that australian based vpns will be keeping the same metadata other sites would have to . 
  well shit . 
  i just saw a youtube video about tessellating tiles , and one of the comments mentioned old man henderson . 
  if that is n't enough evidence it deserves to be in the hall of fame , i do n't know what is . 
  adding it now . 
  except the ones that are deliberately mis-named . 
  cheapest is definitely if you know someone overseas that can have a computer running all the time for you to use . 
  that 's what i 'm doing -- not as a vpn , i 'm really not too concerned about that , but for a seedbox . 
  but i do n't think you could really call that the * best * method . 
  it 'd likely be much slower than a dedicated vpn service , and would require a lot of technical know-how on your part ( in addition to the actual setting up of the vpn , you 'd need to be forwarding ports , etc. 
  ) , and if they do n't have a static ip you 'd need to be frequently asking them what their public ip is . 
   no idea why you would want to watch got at  480p, 
  either you used the wrong angle bracket , or you have a complete lack of respect for the quality of visuals in game of thrones . 
  i 'm guessing the former . 
  to be completely honest , you do n't * really * need to even use sftp . 
  i mean , there 's no reason * not * to -- the overhead is minimal , and setting it up is just as easy -- but you 'd almost certainly not get caught even downloading in the clear , at least for now . 
  their main interest is in tracking people downloading via bittorrent , because that 's so much easier to do , by using honeytrap-type seeders . 
   i would read what i wrote as `` less than '' 480p, 
  i really do n't want to be rude or anything , but that means you 're reading it wrong . 
  personally outside of the * really * small group of people who want to use it solely because it 's open source , i just do n't see why anyone would use libreoffice or openoffice . 
  google docs are basically just as good , plus have the fantastic sharing features , and it 's automatically backed up online for you to access from any machine . 
  there 's still use for microsoft office , though , because it 's just * better * in terms of features , with things like automatic referencing ( really useful for uni and highschool students ) , and just a general nicer ui . 
  oh yeah , there are heaps of reasons that personally i choose to use sftp . 
  but ultimately if your only goal is to avoid being arrested/fined , just doing anything other than bittorrenting straight on your own computer is good enough ( for now ) . 
   what about an evil wizard on the verge of becoming a lich ? 
  what about a corrupted druid ? 
  what about a serial killer rogue ? 
  what about a ` pied piper ' bard ? 
  i 'm not sure all these would be useful . 
  for an evil wizard , can you not just select the necromancy school ? 
  and can a serial killer rogue not use the assassin archetype ? 
  and why would n't the pied piper just be a standard bard of the college of lore ? 
  choose spells like charm person , suggestion , and maybe sleep . 
  i think the paladin and cleric work so well with specific * evil * archetypes because they have this sort of inherent * good * nature to them , due to their divine power source . 
  the corrupted druid could be cool to see , though . 
  mate , there 's a reason your comments are getting downvoted every time you delete them and make another . 
  i dunno what the reason is , but i suspect at least part of it is that your writing is completely incoherent . 
  spend some time to use correct spelling , grammar , and punctuation , and then * maybe * people will take you seriously enough to read the actual comment and decide if it makes sense . 
  at the moment , your writing is bad enough that it is actually hindering your ability to get your point across , because it 's really fucking difficult to read . 
  love the theory , though !, 
  oh dude ... wow , i 'm so sorry about the downvotes you 've gotten . 
  i ca n't help but think it 's a result of me pointing out the typographical mistake ... i definitely never wanted that to happen , in fact , i had upvoted all your comments in the thread ... 
  but hey , for what it 's worth , i agree with your point . 
  i 'm going to wait until they come out for real and watch them in 720p . 
  alright , for points , you have three options . 
  use the standard array : 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 10 , 8, 
  use point buy ( this is rather complex , so unless you really know what you 're doing , i 'd recommend against it ), 
  roll for it . 
  the process for rolling is to roll 4d6 ( that 's 4 six-sided dice ) , ignore the lowest number , and add up the three remaining . 
  so if you roll and get 2 , 3 , 5 , 5 , you get a total of 13 . 
  you do that a total of 6 times , so you end up with six numbers . 
  you then choose which of the 6 stats each of the numbers goes to . 
  depending on what class you go , different stats might be more important . 
  wizards want high intelligence , rogues want high dexterity , most fighters want high strength , etc. 
  then , you add your racial modifiers . 
  each race has a few points it adds to a couple of the stats . 
  next , work out your modifiers . 
  to do this , subtract 10 from each number , and then halve it , and round down . 
  so 12 goes to 1 , 15 goes to 2 , 9 goes to -1 , etc.
