  other than that , i absolutely love the level 0 stuff . 
  excessive attack and burst of endurance are interesting features . 
  they 're going to be * super * expensive to use before you get access to feed the beast , but i think that 's ultimately a good thing . 
  it helps to emphasise the curse aspect of lycanthropy . 
  regarding feed the beast , the second clause of it is a pretty problematic feature as written . 
  a long rest is , in some ways , equivalent to eight short rests taken back to back . 
  a short rest is one hour , and a long rest is eight . 
  the way the standard rules are written , however , there are no features ( that i can think of , anyway , i would love if someone can point out examples that contradict me ) where eight short rests would be better than a single long rest . 
  the way feed the beast currently works , you 'd get far more hit dice back if you take eight short rests in a row , and that 's problematic . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how to get around this while maintaining the fundamentals of the ability . 
  one option would be to say `` hit dice can regained in this way once per long rest '' , but that is a considerable nerf , during a standard adventuring day . 
  another example would be to allow it to recover only * werewolf * hit dice , but that would still be slightly problematic , in that it would mean a long rest might allow them to recover * all * their werewolf hit dice instead of just half . 
  anyway , i 'm not entirely sure what the solution is , but one needs to be found . 
  lupine prowess is a really interesting twist on an asi , but i feel like it should apply in * any * form , including human . 
  that would keep it more in line with the usual asi , while still having the interesting `` must be strength '' option . 
  mechanically , i think this is pretty damn great . 
  it really captures the feel of a werewolf , and has some fairly powerful features , without coming close to overshadowing existing player options . 
  it 's lacking in a few areas though . 
  it could use clarification on how it relates to other classes . 
  can other class abilities be used in hybrid form ? 
  how about full wolf form ? 
  some specific details saying what happens to your stats , your personality , and your equipment when you transform would also be useful . 
  similar to the druid 's wildshape , the spell * polymorph * , etc. 
  it could also use some introductory flavour text , and some art to properly evoke the werewolf theme . 
  add those things in , tighten up some of the mechanics a little , and i think this could be one of the best takes on werewolves i 've seen so far . 
  might even be / r/boh5e-worthy . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge threads . 
  best of luck . 
   this is n't the place for requests, 
  you 're right , and the post has now been removed . 
  in the future , if you see posts like this , please hit the `` report '' button , which lets us see it as problematic more quickly and respond to it appropriately . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  is n't sparky sparky boom man 's power a rare genetic abnormality , though ? 
  that 's the impression i got , especially when p'li appeared having the same ability . 
  for me it 's dc 's martians . 
  in particular , the way m'gann m'orzz is presented in the tv show young justice . 
   first off , i 'm kinda annoyed that they removed the far realms fluff, 
  agreed . 
   i was extremely surprised to find wu jen as a mystic subclass, 
  agreed . 
   why is it that the power of your mind can make your physical flesh-and-blood body bigger ? 
  my initial reaction was to agree . 
  but then i started listing off the things i * do * like psionics to be able to do , and i realised that dc 's martians have shape-shifting powers , and to me they 're the * perfect * example of psions . 
  while personally i 'm more interested in the telepathy side of things : buffs , debuffs , mental attacks , mind reading , etc. , telekinetics can also include things like flight , phasing through objects , and at least some amount of physical transformation . 
   how do you heal other people with mental energy, 
  hp is an abstraction and it includes willpower to keep going on . 
  i 'm just as okay with psionic classes being able to heal as i am with the bard having that ability . 
   my psionic mind power can be manifested as solid objects for me to use as a weapon against my enemies, 
  i see this as pretty much the same as the shape-shifting thing . 
  if your mind can manifest physical objects , why would it not also be able to increase the size of your own body , or allow you to transform ? 
  i ca n't see how someone would be okay with one but not the other . 
  the full on magic of the wu jen , and teleportation of nomad , are the only abilities that i full on think should not be there . 
   in my mind ( which you 'd already know , if you were a mystic ) , the core of psionics is that i am using my mental power to give me sway over the minds of others . 
  psionics is inward-facing . 
  i do n't call upon the cosmos to change - that would make me a cleric or warlock . 
  similarly , i do n't make the world around me change - that would make me a wizard or sorcerer . 
   if i 'm a psion , then it 's my mind versus theirs . 
  i should be able to brainwash people , mind blast people , deceive people , all of it . 
  i should be able to expand my own senses to better see the world as it is , and at most i should be able to make limited psychic constructs entirely formed from the power that lies within my own mind . 
  now , my ideal psion is very similar to the actual class named `` psion '' from 4e . 
  in particular , if you take the telepathic path . 
  that 's pretty much exactly what you 've described here . 
  that 's * exactly * what i want to play . 
  but looking at my favourite example of a psionic character from existing fiction , m'gann m'orzz as portrayed in the tv show young justice , a lot of other stuff fits neatly into the idea of psionics more broadly , and i 'd prefer it if the option to do that exists in the game , even if i 'll never choose it myself . 
  as a side note , i actually have n't read through the class yet . 
  i read the flavour at the start , and skipped to the end to notice ( happily ) that they 'd changed * mind thrust * back to a pure damage ability , and ( unhappily ) that they 'd still kept talents as cantrips-that-scale-with-level-rather-than-points . 
  beyond that , everything specific i know about this iteration of mystic , i 've gathered from comments on reddit . 
  so i 'm specifically responding to concerns raised in the comments on the basis by which they 've been explained in the comments . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  really ? 
  interesting . 
  how come ? 
  my first guess would be that it has largely to do with being somewhat forced into regular hours anyway , in order to get stuff done and have a social life . 
  if , for example , someone were * truly * able to just flip their day by 12 hours , would the effects be just as bad ? 
  sleep from ~ 11am until ~ 7pm , work overnight , and get chores etc. 
  done during the early morning hours . 
  or is there something more intrinsic to the act of sleeping in the day and working at night that causes the problems ? 
  based on what little we can see in this photo , it 's a pretty typical looking vietnamese school . 
  the trees through the centre of the square are a little less common , but nothing else strikes me as particularly odd . 
  ah yes . 
  imaginary overwatch . 
  you know , as opposed to the [ * real * overwatch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overwatch_battle_group_ ( west \\ ) ) , which people are also * dying * to share images of . 
  ... is it possible to learn this power ? 
  this is way , way , * way * stronger than the existing races . 
  not slightly . 
  even choosing to rate the immunity to each of the main damage types as a measly `` 2 '' on the detect balance scale , this becomes way more powerful than other base races even with just the asi and immunity . 
  the scale recommends that * resistance * to the physical damage types should be worth 2.5 each . 
  granted , that 's without the non-magical stipulation , but in my experience somewhere around 60 -- 90 % of damage comes from nonmagical sources , so this is still realistically worth way more than the 2 i 'm rating it at for purposes of demonstration . 
  just those two things put it at a 9 on detect balance . 
  the sweet spot is 6.5 -- 7.0 . 
  i 'm not even going to bother looking at the rest of it in detail , because those abilities alone make it way overpowered . 
  if you want people playing werewolves , my suggestion would be to look at [ this prestige class ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 5z1oi3/the _ werewolf_5e_prestige_class_draft_version_10 / ) that was recently submitted recently . 
  it comes with a few abilities that someone infected but not yet fully succumbing to the curse can have ( the `` level 0 '' features ) , and a progression of 5 levels of becoming more and more in tune with the curse .
