  i never even looked at them . 
  i 'm complaining that the guild * as a forum * does nothing to encourage review and improving a piece based on feedback . 
  edit , and after getting to the bottom of this thread , i do n't think anyone else had any major issues with the balance of these , either . 
  it 's just more people using this opportunity to point out the flaws in the guild as a system . 
  which comments were you referring to by `` all these people whining about how things are n't very well balanced '' , exactly ? 
  seriously dude ? 
  you do n't need to download stuff from google drives , it can display in browser . 
  it 's so much easier to create good looking content using a tool other than homebrewery ( which is great for basic stuff , but has a few shortcomings in its default configuration that can be difficult to work around ) , and self posts ? 
  you have to be joking . 
  zero ability to customise . 
  i agree with you regarding the guild , because having to register an account and download something is a pain . 
  but between different options that can be viewed in-browser , my preference goes google drive  imgur  homebrewery   dropbox . 
   keeping in mind they 're asking us to evaluate them , not giving us their evaluation, 
  i do n't want to keep that in mind , because that 's exactly what they * should * be doing if they want these not-uas to be worthwhile . 
  using them as an opportunity to explain their thoughts on these specific homebrews and by way of doing that , provide some insight into their more general design philosophy . 
  google drive works just as well on phones as on desktop . 
  and i 'm not sure of the relevance of its markup language . 
  that has no bearing on ... anything , really . 
  for what it 's worth , homebrewery * is * capable of * very * advanced stuff . 
  you can include arbitrary html and css in it to resize and move around images and adjust anything else you want to . 
  it 's just that this is far more difficult , and people are far less likely to use them , than the tools for layout in photoshop , word , or indesign ( or other image editors , word processors , and desktop publishers ) . 
  yeah , of course we were expected to haggle . 
  we knew that . 
  but you have to do so in good faith . 
  that goes for both parties . 
  when the guy starts at a price over ten times what his shitty product is worth , i 'm not interested in haggling with him . 
  so , the rules as they exist are as follows :, 
  you get one `` free '' item interaction per turn . 
  this could be drawing * or * stowing a * single * weapon . 
  beyond this single free item , you can interact with another item if you use your action to use an object \\* . 
  with that , you could draw two weapons , or stow one and draw another . 
  shields are a special case . 
  it * always * takes a * full action * to draw or stow a shield , because d&d 5e assumes your shield will be the type that 's strapped to your arm ( as opposed to being a boss-held type ) . 
  the dual wielding feat that already exists allows you to draw or stow two weapons at once at any time that you could normally only draw or stow one . 
  so that means you can use your free item interaction to draw two , or stow two , and if you use the use an object action , you can draw or stow another two . 
  ( so you could stow two for free , and then use an object to draw a different two . ), 
  this interacts rather interestingly with the thief rogue , since she can use an object as a bonus action . 
  a thief could , therefore , stow one weapon and draw another , and still make an attack . 
  or even stow two and draw another two , and still attack . 
  or , if they were really weird , stow two , draw two more , and then stow those . 
  but none of this changes shields . 
  shields take a full action to don . 
  always and forever , unless you homebrew something ( whether it be an extra feat , a special type of shield , or just hombrew change the rules about existing shields ) . 
  \\* note that `` use an object '' states : `` this action is also useful when you want to interact with more than one object on your turn . '', 
  in reference to the normally free * single * item interaction . 
  my other comment detailed the rules as they exist . 
  i thought it better to use a separate comment to ... well ... comment , on your ideas . 
  i think one of the biggest things that could/should be done is regarding shields . 
  in truth , most shields in real life were * not * strapped in . 
  boss-held shields or similar are far more common . 
  so one possibility would be to homerule that shields can now be donned and doffed as a free item interaction , including doing a shield and weapon with the dual wielder feat . 
  personally , i 'm not a fan of this , since shields are still rather large , and more difficult to pick up than a weapon . 
  perhaps an action to pick up , and free item interaction to stow . 
  for a fast draw feat , i think the biggest problem is not making it underwhelming compared to dual wielder . 
  making it overrule the general case of a shield taking a full action to don , in favour of being able to do it as an item interaction , is certainly an improvement . 
  combine that with the ability to draw a weapon and shield together , as an item interaction , and you 're getting somewhere . 
  i would definitely suggest allowing any action afterwards , but having it cost the item interaction . 
  i actually think that allowing drawing as a reaction could be cool , and would strongly reinforce the flavour of the feat , while having fairly minimal effect on balance . 
  all it would really do is allow the character to use a free item interaction to do something else on their turn , but outside of drawing weapons , the item interaction mostly goes unused anyway . 
  it might even be worth allowing drawing * and attacking * as a reaction . 
  it would be so rarely used anyway , for the same reasons as above , but i think that could be the final peg that makes this feat worth taking . 
  adding a +1 asi would be too much , i think , so adding this tiny touch of utility could bring it up to useful ( albeit situationally ) , without pushing it over the top . 
  for the three option 2s , i 'm not a fan of them . 
  my personal belief is that one should not alter the existing rules as they exist , unless it is done to serve some particular * flavour-based * reason . 
  sorry if this was unclear . 
  it was written rather hastily and involves a lot of rather minute details . 
  let me know if there 's anything i can do to make it clearer ( same goes for the previous comment ) . 
  ah okay , interesting . 
  i guess i 've been lucky that everything with that worked out of the box how i wanted it to , so i 've never touched anything . 
  i 'll probably just continue to not touch anything , as much as i can . 
  thanks for the help . 
  i 've often wondered , what * is * politics in the united kingdom like , at a level lower than westminster ? 
  i know scotland has its devolved `` national '' parliament , but what else is there ? 
  does the uk have a level of government between national and local ? 
  i 'm also curious about ( 0 ) . 
  this labour period started at the end of wwii , when you say conventional party politics resumed . 
  but why did they suspend politics in the first place ? 
  it was long after wwi , but long before wwii , so i assume that was n't it . 
  oh wow , very interesting . 
  i had always played like that , and recommended to others in / r/dndnext to rule like that , but i was n't aware that there 's been a word of god ruling on the matter , so i left it out of the above comment . 
  haha nor i you . 
  you in the midst of your final exams at the moment then , i take it ? 
  i just started learning go this morning . 
  its syntax feels so weird to me . 
  like c , java , etc. , but without semicolons at the end of statements ( or brackets around the conditionals in ` if ` s and ` for ` s ) . 
  my code feels so naked . 
  the show itself never answered the riddle ( at least that i remember ) . 
  destiny works just as well as opportunity does , imo . 
  nygma 's a pretty practical guy though , so it seems like opportunity would be more his style . 
  lol , / r/top ? 
  any amateur can get into that . 
  this guy 's in / r/centuryclub six times over . 
  ah right , of course , australia . 
  i did mine overseas , so november never really even occurred to me . 
  you should probably update your flair , though :p how 'd you go ? 
  i 'm sure i 'll get used to it , but my initial reaction is eww get away . 
  the way they do objects ( and methods ) is particularly unintuitive , coming from python and c-like languages . 
  granting advantage is more in keeping with the 5e design philosophy than granting proficiency in limited situations , and * especially * compared to granting double proficiency if you already have proficiency . 
  probably , yeah . 
  hey sorry for going off-topic here , but i was hoping one of you guys would be able to answer this for me , as i 'm doing something fairly similar for a university assignment .
