  if you have n't read it already , you really should !, 
  [ waterborne adventures ] ( http://media.wizards.com/2015/downloads/dnd/ua_waterborne_v3.pdf ) is easily one of the best uas we 've gotten , with a bunch of cool stuff in it . 
  not if you ca n't grab me and stop mr getting away first . 
  yeah , i 've never gotten the impression that william shatner is much of a nerd . 
  hell , i do n't think i 'd really say sir patrick stewart come a across as a nerd , though he 's much closer to it . 
  wait , what happened there ? 
  i 've only recently started watching tabletop , so i 'm not familiar with any drama that happened early on it it . 
  edit : god damn phone fucking up punctuation . 
  that 's a problem with your screen , then , because it is superscript . 
  i 'm guessing you 're using a mobile app ? 
  which one ? 
  monash was not a mass shooting . 
  only two people died , the definition of a mass shooting is at least 4 deaths . 
  cumbria is not in australia . 
  oh , interesting . 
  might be worth filing a bug report , because it really should be able to show basic reddit syntax ... 
  [ here 's a screenshot of what it looks like on desktop ] ( http://i.imgur.com/niliw5q.png ) . 
  the amateur choir/orchestra i play in from time to time usually puts the wind at the front . 
  supposedly the conductor does it because it allows us to be heard better than in the more traditional arrangement . 
  the orchestra typically has only 4 or 5 wind players , one on each instrument , with maybe a single instrument doubled up . 
  i do n't use any vpns ( my parents live overseas , and i 've set up a seedbox at their place for my linux distros , which i download from using sftp ) , but i 've heard that pro xpn is supposed to be a good one with a lot of options for exit points . 
  it was simply a matter of not feeling like the greens were really going anywhere . 
  no public activity regarding the election , no campaigning , or pushes for further signups . 
  i 'm sure you 'll appreciate that i do n't want to violate the confidentiality of the party room , but in general terms , there was also a low amount of activity in there . 
  i just did n't feel like a greens government would be able to get very much done . 
  yes please . 
  they 're parenthetical commas . 
  the same effect could have been achieved using em dashes -- these things -- or brackets ( that 's these ) . 
  a piano or other keyboard instrument can do quite a bit one-handed . 
  marimba too , to a lesser extent . 
  and trumpet players can fully play one handed , though their hand will get tired after a while . 
  i do n't know if you know this or not , but minecraft does n't have the c standard libraries available to its players . 
  also , you forgot to close your braces . 
  and some formatting would be nice , that looks nigh-unreadable . 
  [ this might provide some inspiration ] ( http://www.giantitp.com/forums/showthread.php?428639-michael-s-specific-warlock-patron-3-archduke-mammon-lord-of-the-third ) . 
  it 's from [ this collection ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unearthedarcana/comments/3ffj7x/5e_specific_warlock_patrons/ ) of `` specific patrons '' . 
  now , what 's in that guide right there is a set of homebrew rules for abilities of the actual warlock themselves to have , which obviously is n't what you 're after here . 
  but it might be useful to grab a few ideas for the types of abilities that could be fitting to give to the devil lord himself . 
  at least according to [ this teardown ] ( https://youtu.be/7ahl2hcf624?t=1m57s ) , yes , it is . 
  not to mention , do you really think the government could keep that secret if they were really doing it ? 
  especially in the wake of the snowden revelations , i feel like if this were true the secret would probably have gotten out by now : or at least there would be substantial rumours about it . 
  most of these manufacturers are n't even american companies , after all . 
  what are the chances of samsung , lg , asus , htc , huawei , and sony ( just to name a few of the biggest ones off the top of my head ) all being involved in this conspiracy on behalf of the united states government , and all * keeping * the secret ? 
  haha no worries . 
  thanks for asking the question , because i would n't have looked it up otherwise . 
  it 's really quite interesting just how little space the rest of the computer takes up . 
  out of curiosity , if you fluff hallow as making tieflings feel mildly awkward , how would you fluff detect evil & good or the paladin 's divine sense with respect to tieflings ? 
  ( and i assume aasimar , having a celestial heritage in the same way tieflings have fiend heritage , would experience the same sort of effect ? ), 
  what 's too bad about swashbuckler being in ua ? 
  the * point * of ua is to release beta material for testing before they give it an official release . 
  the swashbuckler rogue ( and indeed the waterborne adventures ua in general ) was very well-received , and so they 've taken the feedback they 've gotten and now they consider it ready for release . 
  so now they 've decided to release swashbuckler officially as part of the sword coast adventurer 's guide . 
  possibly with some minor tweaking from the ua version , possibly not ( we 've only seen the archetype 's description and * one * of its 3rd level abilities so far ) . 
  oh interesting . 
  you think they 'll be releasing both favoured soul and stormborn sorcerers officially ? 
  after seeing in the preview that they 'll be giving us the swashbuckler rogue , the idea that we might get stormborn sorcerers too occurred to me , but i never thought of the favoured soul , too . 
  looks like we might be getting a * lot * of previously beta material released for real with this book . 
  glad to know that unearthed arcanas a really being as productive as we had hoped they would be . 
  out of interest , what do you think might be the extra domain for the cleric ? 
  they 'd have to go through all the existing deities and figure out which of those make sense to gain this new domain . 
  well , we know that at least one thing from the waterborne unearthed arcana is making it in ( thanks to the first half a page of the swashbuckler rogue being in the mastermind preview ) . 
  so it would n't be too surprising at all if we * do * get the stormborn sorcerer as well . 
  well of course it is n't * currently * allowed . 
  they could hardly allow something that has n't even been released , could they ? 
  are the aasimar and eladrin not already official ? 
  they 're in the dmg , not an unearthed arcana or similar . 
  but if there 's going to be a variant tiefling , i 'd be interested to see what people can come up with for a variant aasimar to mirror that . 
  battery for days !, 
  no , who is the doctor . 
  that 's a 2013 macbook air . 
  the guy you replied to was talking about the 2015 macbook . 
  ( with no `` air '' , `` pro '' , or other modifier . ), 
  in 5th edition , `` detect evil & good '' does n't actually detect based on the alignment of creatures . 
  it allows the player to `` know if there is an aberration , celestial , elemental , fey , fiend , or undead '' nearby , as well as if any places or objects have `` been magically consecrated or desecrated '' . 
   toujours l'audace ( or however you spell it ) did n't work if there was an incapacitated ally next to the enemy, 
  i completely forgot about that little loophole . 
  and yeah , you spelt it correctly , except that i think the l' is meant to be lower case . 
  when did all these sponsored items come into the game ? 
  this is the first i 'm hearing about soft bank or mufg items ... 
  does n't help that his first appearance is basically walking in to what is essentially a buy more . 
  he also becomes a sort of rival love interest ... 
  i do n't know how much dc lore you know , but his character is actually a very well-known one from dc . 
  i wo n't say who ( just in case you do n't want spoilers ) , but i will say that i was very surprised to see the reaction in the episode discussion in / r/arrow after i had watched it and formed my own opinion of him * without * knowing the character he was based off of . 
  also : keep an eye out throuhout the season for superman references . 
  his actor is the same guy that played superman in the 2007 ( ? 
  i think ? ), 
  movie , so they made a few jokes referencing that . 
   elminster ... once encouraged a young woman who had a spell-like ability called spellfire to learn how to shoot it out of every orifice should could possibly get it to come out of, 
  god , i 've just recently started listening to the elminster books ( as audiobooks ) . 
  god , i had no idea just how * bizarre * and even * disturbing * they could sometimes be . 
  i have n't read the bit you 're talking about , but somehow it does n't even surprise me at this point . 
   it * is * a spell that any level 1 caster with the right spell list can learn, 
  well , this is technically true , but `` the right spell list '' is quite literally only the cleric 's list . 
  there are only three ways to get thaumaturgy at level 1 : be a cleric , be a tiefling , or be a variant human and take magic initiate and choose cleric as your mi class . 
  hahaha fair enough . 
  i spent the entire first episode actually * thinking * he 'd end up being a bad guy , because i had no idea that this guy was a pre-established hero . 
  it was only when i went to the subreddit that i found out who he was . 
  i * still * had a hard time trusting him for basically the entire first half of the season even after i knew who he was meant to be ... 
  i do n't think there would be anyone in this subreddit that ca n't see some inspiration . 
  some of us just do n't see that as a valid * criticism * of the show , and a lot of people try to use it as though it is .
