  yeah , i 've looked at samsung phones and the hardware is just damn amazing . 
  but all that fucking bloat they put on it is enough to nope me right out of there . 
  nexus all the way . 
  the other thing i do n't like about samsung , though , is their rather shitty pr practices . 
  things like what 's described in [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sabl2wy1uzo ) video . 
  it 's absolutely despicable . 
  no no . 
  we 're complaining about samsung in this thread . 
  in general , the term `` koreans '' is understood to apply to south koreans . 
   instant runoff voting or the alternative vote, 
  they 're the same thing . 
  but seriously , i really ca n't believe any modern democracy does n't have this . 
  the uk is stuck with fptp too . 
  it 's just bizarre to me . 
  while av is a great system , it has its flaws . 
  it 's still subject to gerrymandering , and it can produce very unproportional final results . 
  if you 're going to change it anyway , it might be worth campaigning to switch it to stv . 
  take current electorates , and fuse them together into groups of 3 to 6 . 
  now elect the corresponding amount of representatives from each of the new , larger , electorates . 
  it produces a much more proportional result , and gerrymandering is much less effective . 
  [ this video with john cleese explains it in more detail ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  the us elects one senator per state per election , right ? 
  that could be done using av ( which is essentially the special case of stv where n = 1 ) . 
  yep , can confirm from vietnam , both gmail and drive are down . 
  search , youtube , and calendar seem to still be working , though . 
  edit : ~ ~ plus ~ ~ , adsense , and ingress are also working . 
  editedit : nope , plus is down , just that the menu bar is displaying . 
  editeditedit : gmail and drive seem to be back up , but not plus , including youtube comments . 
  seems to be back up now !, 
  i 'm wondering if it 's the opposite . 
  perhaps someone launched an attack on google specifically when they knew the reliability engineers would be distracted . 
  yeah , honestly i did n't think it all that likely to be honest . 
  i was just posing a hypothetical . 
  that said , it does seem like a couple of these four were pretty senior , so them being out might 've made more if a difference . 
  but anyway , the only type of attack i could think of would be an absolutely massive scale ddos . 
  for a bit more context , when it got changed in america , this was before the series and rowling herself had become popular , so she did n't have quite the same sway she does now . 
  they basically changed it because the publishers were worried american children would n't understand what a philosopher was/what the philosopher 's stone was . 
   we 'd never reduce paintings that way, 
  now , we do n't do this for professional works , but that happens all the time for students . 
  it 's quite normal for a student who is learning art ( or music , or any other subject within the arts ) to have either a single work of theirs or a sample of their work graded . 
  i think the joke was that you used x , as in the roman numeral for 10 . 
  i 've usually heard it pluralised as staffs in the context of a stick of wood , but staves in the context of a musical staff . 
  the video i provided was about how the uk elects its representatives for the house of commons . 
  this currently works in exactly the same way as the us elects representatives for the house of representatives , and is very similar to australia 's house of representatives -- the only difference in the last case is that we already use av rather than fptp . 
  the way it works is that you have a number of different electorates , and from each electorate you elect a single winner . 
  the idea , as explained in the video , is that you merge some of the electorates together , so if a state currently has 12 electorates , maybe it only has 3 after this change . 
  instead of electing 1 from each electorate , you elect 4 ( in the example of going from 12 to 3 . 
  the exact number depends on how you merge them together . ) . 
  this lets you use stv to elect them , which ends up resulting in a more proportional result because you 'll be much more likely for a significant third party to reach the quota , and also minimising the potential for gerrymandering . 
  how would you differentiate between a computer scientist and a software engineer ? 
  what about for encryption and signing ? 
  i think the part that is unfortunate is what is described in / u/pit-trout 's comment below :, 
   defending a rapist in court -- that 's a necessary part of due process and a well-functioning legal system . 
  it 's not fun , but someone has to do it . 
   a defense like this one -- medically debunked , demeaning to the victim , and possibly compounding their trauma -- is not . 
  an lawyer trying this deserves all the contempt they get . 
  and more specifically the reply to that comment :, 
   if that 's the defense that is most likely to work , and it 's not illegal to try the defense , and they know that is the offense that is most likely to work , it is their obligation to use it . 
  it 's not nice , and it 's not pretty that our justice system works that way , but it 's not the fault of the attorneys . 
  it 's unfortunate that they can be allowed to use something based in complete , provable , nonsense as a defence . 
  yes , there are . 
  like he said , you can be * attracted * to someone without taking any action on that attraction . 
  that 's just a lie , plain and simple . 
  there are probably plenty who do no such thing , but you just do n't know it , because they probably also never tell anyone . 
  region unrestricted , and has in-line bookmarks for each of the movements ? 
  holy shit why ca n't we see more of this !, 
  edit : urgh what the fuck . 
  never mind . 
  you have to log in for them to not pester you about logging in every five minutes . 
  but still worth it . 
  no , you do n't do ratios like that when working out chemical formulae . 
  it 'd be 5h ^ ( 2 ) 0 ( i 'm using superscript to make it clear , although obviously it should be subscript ) . 
  that would be 10 hydrogen atoms and 5 oxygen ones , but putting the 5 out the front there shows you that each of them is formed into lots of 2 hydrogens and 1 oxygen . 
  ok first of all it 's not my wording , i 'm quoting what a couple of other people said elsewhere in the thread . 
  and second of all , i think you 've completely missed the point of it . 
  nobody is saying that it 's unfortunate that everyone gets a lawyer who will represent them . 
  the person i quoted was merely saying that it 's unfortunate that you can use as a defence something which is scientifically proven to be false as a premise . 
  there 's no * time * limit , but nobel prizes are never awarded posthumously . 
  edit : just googled . 
  apparently there was one posthumous nobel peace prize , awarded to dag hammarskj\u00f6ld in 1961 . 
  in 1974 they changed the rules to not allow any posthumous nobel prizes . 
  i could n't imagine anything other than the [ dolly zoom shot ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ema3otkrsos ) with the nazg\u00fbl scream . 
  it is n't . 
  people are making the reference because it looks very similar , but this particular shot is somewhere in england , while lotr was filmed in new zealand . 
  ah thanks for that tip . 
  i just went ahead and created an account ( with my name given as `` fuck you '' ) , but others might benefit from that . 
  tagged as `` all '' , but asks about scores on an exclusively american test . 
  [ here 's my performance of the first movement of beethoven 's sonata no. 14 in c # minor `` moonlight '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80zmsda5q8q ) , which was inspired by schiff 's lecture on it . 
  on an electrical piano , unfortunately , so i could n't quite follow his advice about pedalling , but the tempo 's there . 
  my absolute favourite piece of all time is [ beethoven symphony no . 
  5 in c minor ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z4kk7rwjmk ) . 
  we all know it and have heard it a thousand times , but it 's just so damn amazing . 
  i strongly recommend giving the whole piece a listen , not just the first movement . 
  i also really like [ tchaikovsky 's 1812 overture ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbxgylcnxe8 ) . 
  nothing says epic like canons in the score of a classical music piece . 
  for something a tad off the beaten track , although not especially far off it , [ schubert 's death and the maiden quartet ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z42grmr4u2y ) is fantastic . 
  goes from awesome loud angry sections to some more quiet and thoughtful ones . 
  the play `` death and the maiden '' by ariel dorfman ( incidentally , it 's my absolute favourite play ) was also named after schubert 's quartet . 
  i 'd also like to echo / u/geoff _ beardsley on mahler symphony 1 , and stravinsky le sacre du printemps , although i 'd say listen to the * whole * of the stravinsky , not just the sacrificial dance . 
  / u/pimanac 's suggestion of shostakovich symphony 5 and gershwin rhapsody in blue are also among my favourites .
