  haydn , on the other hand , looks like he tried , but it just came out as a scribble anyway . 
  it 's worth noting that one could hypothetically move their treble or bass clefs up or down to set the g or f in different places , in much the same way the c clef is moved up and down to represent tenor or alto clef . 
  she trusts me absolutely . 
  i trust she does . 
  and i , i trust her absolutely - to be absolutely human . 
   i do n't even think this vote will be close . 
  which , incidentally , is also what the polls show . 
  well , the murdoch thing ruined the country , and he 's about as meristralia as you get . 
   a corporation who wo n't even release their source code to certified auditors, 
  if you 're referring to the / u/mjec case with the aec , it 's worth noting that the software involved here is n't doing vote * counting * it just does the calculations to decide the winner based on the votes that are manually entered by polling officials ( and are verified by multiple independent people entering them each ) . 
  i 'm down for it . 
  what druid ? 
  i do n't see any druid one here . 
  that gif does n't even begin to demonstrate how badly he whooshed . 
  in my experience people will call it footy , but rarely football . 
  you reckon soccer 's more popular than aussie rules ? 
  ( i mean sure , league beats them both , but that 's not in question . ), 
  what i find weird is in some threads you seem to find a huge amount of pro israel supporters , with palestinian supporters downvoted , and in some you find the opposite . 
  but ... there are n't any dragons in the lord of the rings ... 
  the extended editions are a little under 12 hours . 
  it makes the war more complex in that it shows it is n't just some bunch of evil people fighting . 
  the audience gets to see what it 's really like , and they 're just another bunch of normal people forced into a war . 
  there 's also some north korea vibe going on with the no dancing and having to praise the fire lord . 
  plus the war itself is explained in the roku flashbacks . 
  it 's a bit more than just blind evil . 
  sozin saw himself as bringing the prosperity the fire nation was experiencing to the rest of the world -- at least at first . 
  if you where really * a english * grammar nazi , you * would of * known to capitalise english, 
  agreed . 
  nothing that came between bach 's death and beethoven 's 1st piano concerto is n't real music . 
  just a little nitpicking , but is she a droid user , or an android user ? 
  there 's a difference . 
  droid is a specific line of android phones made by motorola . 
  android is the operating system used by the majority of samsung , lg , motorola , htc , etc. 
  phones ( as well as google 's nexus line ) . 
  multi-os master race !, 
  ( i also use a windows desktop and a macbook pro . 
  it 's clearly the best way to go . ), 
  i get why they do n't teach it first and all , but seriously , once we learnt radians , i was so annoyed that we did n't learn it from the beginning . 
  formulae become so much easier , and it 's so much easier to get your head around trigonometrical ratios in radians . 
  celsius versus fahrenheit really do n't have * any * inherent advantages or disadvantages over each other . 
  your talk about how it 's better for average use is just bullshit . 
  you prefer it because it 's what you 're used to . 
  i 'm perfectly comfortable saying it feels like 15 degrees right now , brr , that 's cold . 
  in another 6 months i 'll be perfectly comfortable saying it 's 30 degrees , wow that 's hot . 
  it 's all in what you 're used to . 
  personally , i like the water stuff . 
  at the lower end , since the weather in some places does get below 0 , i think it convenient to know when water will freeze . 
  at the high end it 's less useful , but it can work well when talking about things like shower or sauna temperatures and the like . 
  but even so , it 's just preference . 
  regarding your last paragraph , that exists . 
  it 's called rankine . 
  i 've never tried it on a second monitor attached to a laptop , but it does absolutely fine on my dual-screen desktop setup . 
  the metro app version ? 
  i ca n't say i 've really used it . 
  the standard vlc app works just fine for me on windows 8 , though . 
  at least you can see them . 
  chrome just shows a bunch of boxes ... 
  they mean a different thing for which the initialism is dp . 
  nothing to do with the soft drink . 
  he 's making a reference to [ this thread ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2cu340/steve_jobs_is_in_rio_de_janeiro_alive/ ) . 
  not shutter speed , the fact that she pressed the shutter button at the exact right moment . 
  i 've never heard of `` sports mode '' meaning that before . 
  usually sports mode just prioritises a high shutter speed . 
  cameras i 've used have needed to be put into burst mode manually in order to use burst mode . 
  you can find a heap of good stories on / r/dndgreentext . 
  [ the great escape ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lgmsaeu.png ) and [ of gay marriage , kings , and democracy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8xxw0kl.png ) are a couple of my favourite ones that you could call `` funny '' ( in addition to those that / u/shszilla posted ) . 
  a bunch of others are more sad/poignant , or just plain awesome . 
  fair enough . 
  it definitely does n't on my d3100 . 
  my character is a shardmind who does n't fully understand emotions etc. 
  of living creatures , but has a strong desire to protect the innocent . 
  one time , my group captured a hostage , and were debating what to do with him . 
  one person wanted to cut off his balls ( he did this kind of thing a lot ) , one wanted to convince him to join our party , etc. 
  there was clearly no consensus to be reached , so i decided to follow my morals and release him behind the party 's back . 
  this lead him hobbling off , getting noticed by the rest of the party , and shot . 
  he died . 
  my party was n't very happy with me about that . 
  i did n't consider how the party would react to going behind their back . 
  it would help if someone were to explain how one can avoid this . 
  not a drug , a sex thing . 
  that was my first thought reading / u/tristamgreen 's comment , too . 
  to be unnecessarily pedantic , though , they stopped using alan smithee around 2000 , because too many people had caught on to its meaning . 
  someone 's autocorrect thinks they 're talking about programming . 
  you 're far more likely to hear aussie rules referred to as football . 
  after that , it would be rugby league . 
  rugby union ( aka simply `` rugby '' ) is by far the least popular of these three football codes in australia . 
  oh man , this comment is just so brilliantly australian in its humour . 
  i love it . 
  i must admit that i 'm guilty of this . 
  i ca n't afford to go to concerts too frequently , do when i do , i make sure it 's something i know i 'll love . 
  but even this practice can lead you to some great new works that you do n't know . 
  for example , last year i was in england when the proms were on , so i went to see one . 
  the played rachmaninov piano concerto no . 
  2 , as well as something else really famous ( i ca n't remember off the top of my head ) . 
  those are the reason i chose to go to that particular prom . 
  but then they also had either the premier or the uk premier of a new piece , and it was absolutely awesome . 
  i think these are the best programmes . 
  entice the audience to come with a few well known greats , but then so put a couple of lesser known works in to expand their horizons . 
  edit : [ found the other pieces . ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/music/proms/10185220/proms-2013-bbc-philharmonic-orchestra-albert-hall-review.html ) . 
  the other `` famous '' one was a nielsen symphony .
