  a more fundamental problem is that it completely changes how initiative works . 
  there are a heap of different things which interact with initiative in different ways , because it is an ability check . 
  * guidance * , jack of all trades , bardic inspiration , some specific abilities ( items , maybe ? 
  i do n't remember ) which take place `` on initiative count x '' , etc. 
  it also is the introduction of a completely new mechanic to the game , in a place that using an existing mechanic really works perfectly fine . 
  it 's an unnecessary and harmful change . 
  finally , and this is somewhat a matter of taste , mearls ' system is going to be slower and more confusing than angry 's . 
  rolling different die sizes for different choices means you have more dice to roll , and more maths to do , which is going to slow things down . 
  if you just use a dex check with some static modifiers , players can easily remember what modifiers they use most frequently , and end up combining that with their dex mod to form a single static modifier that they have to add/subtract to their d20 roll . 
  you still get the fun variety on a round-by-round basis . 
  you still get the strategic thinking among the whole party at once at the start of the round . 
  and you still get quicker turns since the thinking is done ahead of time . 
  movement ** really ** needs to be free . 
  a system like this just is not even worth considering without that . 
  there are other ways in which a lack of information can cause problems . 
  someone suddenly running up to the wizard , who wants to use * misty step * to get away from the guy that ran up to him . 
  but he ca n't because he was n't expecting it . 
  but allowing free movement makes this system at least borderline acceptable . 
  there 's an article by the angry dm that i 'm sure someone somewhere in this thread has linked to . 
  if not , i * know * it 's mentioned in the / r/unearthedarcana post about this , or you could google for it . 
  the tl ; dr is that he does it so you still roll a dex check for initiative , but you do it every round , and you add or subtract a certain amount of static points based on what actions you declare . 
  angry 's system is one that 's good at doing what it does . 
  some people might like it , some might not . 
  mearls ' system is just bad . 
  they seem very similar , but the differences that are there make a huge difference . 
  to start with the least fundamental change , mearls gives movement a cost ; angry does n't . 
  this is a mistake both in terms of gameplay and flavour . 
  for flavour , it means that you are only able to catch up with a retreating opponent if you specifically plan ahead to do so . 
  this does not match up with reality , where following an opponent on the move is perfectly instinctive to anyone with an ounce of training . 
  for gameplay , it means that if they are in melee with an opponent and that opponent decides to run away from them , they now can do literally nothing on their turn . 
  they chose to make a melee attack , but there is nobody in range . 
  and they are now being artificially restricted from moving to a target to attack them . 
  but that 's an easy fix . 
  you could keep the system exactly as it is , but drop the cost of movement . 
  a more fundamental problem is that it completely changes how initiative works . 
  there are a heap of different things which interact with initiative in different ways , because it is an ability check . 
  * guidance * , jack of all trades , bardic inspiration , some specific abilities ( items , maybe ? 
  i do n't remember ) which take place `` on initiative count x '' , etc. 
  it also is the introduction of a completely new mechanic to the game , in a place that using an existing mechanic really works perfectly fine . 
  it 's an unnecessary and harmful change . 
  finally , and this is somewhat a matter of taste , mearls ' system is going to be slower and more confusing than angry 's . 
  rolling different die sizes for different choices means you have more dice to roll , and more maths to do , which is going to slow things down . 
  if you just use a dex check with some static modifiers , players can easily remember what modifiers they use most frequently , and end up combining that with their dex mod to form a single static modifier that they have to add/subtract to their d20 roll . 
  you still get the fun variety on a round-by-round basis . 
  you still get the strategic thinking among the whole party at once at the start of the round . 
  and you still get quicker turns since the thinking is done ahead of time . 
  you could get that with angry 's system . 
  roll initiative as normal , but every round , and add/subtract from your score some static modifiers based on what you 're doing . 
  sure , but my point was how ridiculous it is that some people lump all muslims under the same brush . 
  they are human , and most humans are pretty good , while a few are not . 
  we also had varied rates with location in australia . 
  then in the '90s our government realised that was fucking retarded and we changed it to be a federally administered tax , but where the money raised by it is sent to the states . 
  primary vote is essentially irrelevant to final results . 
  two party preferred is what matters . 
  or more specifically , two party preferred in each seat . 
  ( most seats have a 2pp between alp and lnp , but a couple have 2pp alp/grn , and some other combinations . ), 
  even with a small 1st preference vote , you can still win through preferences . 
  as a simple example , in a seat like melbourne ports , labor got a measly 27 % of first preferences , but won the seat thanks to greens and other preferences . 
  they could continue to lose first preference votes and still win , if they were getting more second preferences from minor parties so that the greens are eliminated before them . 
  labor will get near enough to literally * all * of the preferences from the greens , which over all are sitting at 11 % according to the results posted higher up in this very thread . 
  plus there are a bunch of minor parties out there . 
  looking at melbourne ports , at the last election , assuming they received * all * greens preferences , they must have gotten at least 0.6 % of the total vote from other parties . 
  in lilley , they received at least 0.2 % of votes given originally neither to them nor greens . 
  but again , the important thing is that national numbers mean * nothing * . 
  elections are won on a local basis . 
  you could theoretically win an election with slightly above 25 % of the total vote in 2pp . 
  unlikely , but that shows you just how irrelevant the total national vote is . 
  it 's really not good . 
  i 'll copy and paste a small section from one of my more comprehensive criticisms . 
   to start with the least fundamental change , mearls gives movement a cost ; angry does n't . 
  this is a mistake both in terms of gameplay and flavour . 
   for flavour , it means that you are only able to catch up with a retreating opponent if you specifically plan ahead to do so . 
  this does not match up with reality , where following an opponent on the move is perfectly instinctive to anyone with an ounce of training . 
   for gameplay , it means that if they are in melee with an opponent and that opponent decides to run away from them , they now can do literally nothing on their turn . 
  they chose to make a melee attack , but there is nobody in range . 
  and they are now being artificially restricted from moving to a target to attack them . 
  you really do n't need to spend any time fiddling with it . 
  it 's ` ( score - 10 ) / 2 ` . 
  that 's explicitly stated in the phb in some editions , but even in editions where it is n't , this is intuitively obvious from the fact that 10 is worth zero ( so subtract by 10 ) , and it increases by 1 every time your score goes up by 2 ( so divide by 2 ) . 
  of course , your version is mathematically equivalent , just taking the ` -10 / 2 ` out and simplifying to ` -5 ` . 
  but it taking 3 minutes to work out sounds like that 's not the route you took . 
  the orchestral strings are obviously good at it , and as the other user said , the trombone . 
  timpani can easily join in too . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  as this is your second warning , any future unflaired submissions may be removed . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
   the silmarils were not able to be touched by those not worthy, 
  that , along with most of the other arguments against it , is quite handily refuted in the se thread linked above . 
   do you complain to the proctor that the keyboard is n't in your preferred layout ?
