  i accept . 
  edit : i would like to withdraw my nomination . 
  is n't a white gut hand shake an actual , you know , hand shake ? 
  i do n't think we 're the minority . 
  i think the small number of people who did n't enjoy the ending are just really noisy . 
  well i mean , if you 're watching sitcoms on youtube , you should be thankful that you can do it * at all * . 
  they 're probably not up there entirely legally . 
  my suggestion would be that you 'd be better off torrenting them . 
  downloaded content tends to be a much nicer experience in general than streaming content . 
  but to answer your question , i have heard of some extensions that will allow selective blocking of ads on youtube channels , but they 're their own specific extension , not abp . 
  and i 'm not sure exactly which extension that would be , because i 've never used it . 
  you could try googling `` youtube channel ad blocker '' or something like that , i guess . 
  yeah i definitely get what you mean . 
  i 've had the same problem trying to watch british panel shows . 
  personally i just put up with it , but then the situation that i 'm watching it in is different . 
  i 'm sitting at the computer anyway , so switching to another tab is easy for me . 
  yeah , i 've bought it twice . 
  once on ios when i had an ipod touch , and then i was more than happy to buy it again when i got an android phone . 
  i 'm a pocketcasts fan , but i think that really any podcast fan can agree that there 's not much significant difference between different third party podcatchers . 
  but really no one who listens to a serious amount of podcasts should still be using the built-in software . 
  hey , / u/mindofmetalandwheels , i know you 've tended to be fairly protective of your identity on the internet . 
  in a conversation with someone a few days ago , i found out that in certain cases , for privacy reasons , a wikipedia admin will completely remove a revision from the history . 
  the guy said that if you were to send him an email , he might be able to remove the revision from your page that had your full real name in it . 
  i can pm you the details if you want . 
  yeah , does a simple white balance fix count as digital alteration ? 
  how about uniformly altering contrast or saturation ? 
  probably not in most cases , i 'd say . 
  how about * selectively * altering contrast or saturation ? 
  depending on the intended context , this may or may not be a significant enough change to count as being digitally altered . 
  honestly i have n't yet left the * first page * because i immediately knew this would be a problem and did n't want to continue without having an explanation of exactly how to go about it . 
  but hell , if there 's a question like `` what percentage of photos do you think have been digitally altered '' , that 's just a * terrible * question . 
  which photos are we counting here ? 
  all photos ever taken ? 
  all photos used in advertising ? 
  all photos taken by professional photographers ? 
  it 's just such a vague question , even if you * did * have a clear definition of `` digitally altered '' -- which we do n't . 
  hey man , you missed out the best one !, 
  [ variant rules ] ( http://media.wizards.com/2015/downloads/dnd/ua5_variantrules.pdf ) . 
  but on a serious note , you did miss out the [ modifying classes ] ( https://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/modifying-classes ) one , which has some cool stuff in it . 
  ( the spellless ranger and the divine sorcerer are great potential player options , as well as the main content being an excellent resource for anyone wanting to design their own class . ), 
  a single 4th level player could n't beat a level 20 player , no . 
  but a hoard of them could . 
  in previous editions , the 4th level players would basically be unable to actually hit a level 20 player because numbers like ac just scale so much . 
  this means that even a large number of weak opponents would n't really stand a chance . 
  5e fixes that . 
  i do n't like the idea of randomly rolling for class . 
  roll for stats , for background , heck even for race , but rolling for class does n't make sense to me . 
  if you get a halfling with 8 strength and 10 dexterity , they are just never going to become a fighter . 
  it 's just never going to happen ; it does n't make sense . 
  to me , it makes sense that one might roll for everything prior to that , since the character does n't get to choose the circumstances of their birth or their natural abilities . 
  but they * do * get to choose what they do with those abilities . 
  i think this is the better way to do things . 
  roll for stats , background , and race , since the character would n't get to choose those . 
  but they * would * get to choose what they * do * with their natural inclinations , so they should pick their own class , not roll for it . 
  the halfling with low str and dex is never going to end up a fighter . 
  i absolutely loved the heroes of shadow handbook , which is essentials , but i 'm not a fan of the essentials way of going about things in general . 
  the vryloka race and vampire class are particularly awesome , and the shade race was pretty cool , too . 
  yeah i definitely agree that the psionics was among the coolest ua they 've released . 
  it 's definitely my favourite , and i really look forward to seeing what more they release in the way of psionics . 
  i was mostly joking when i called variant rules the best one . 
  it was pretty widely considered a joke , with some people theorising it was thrown together at the last minute when they realised psionics was n't quite going to be ready in time ( since it was released last month , and psionics ended up getting released this month ) . 
  though the modifying classes ua was a very good one . 
  probably my second or third favourite ( waterborne adventures being the other competitor for 2nd place ) . 
  cricket pitches are measured in yards !, 
  the pitch is 22 yards ( or 1 chain ) from wicket to wicket . 
  australians probably get a greater percentage of their media from america than britain does ( with less stuff that 's locally produced compared to britain , and maybe less stuff from mainland europe ? 
  ) , and yet we are absolutely and completely metric . 
  nobody uses imperial units anymore for anything other than idioms ( like `` oh man , that 's * miles * from here '' ) . 
  no , rugby fields are marked in metres . 
  rugby union has ones at the 22 metre mark from the try line , the 40 metre one , and at 50 metres ( half way ) . 
  rugby league has them every 10 metres . 
  i do n't think subway counts , since their `` footlong '' and `` 6-inch '' are trademarks . 
  ( they actually use this as their defence when people demonstrate that the product is in fact slightly less than 1 foot long , iirc . ), 
  but i get what you mean anyway . 
   and running in meters, 
  this has n't been my experience in my brief time subscribing to / r/running . 
  i 'm constantly having to go to google to tell me if someone 's 8 min/mile over a 5 mile course is a good pace or not . 
  i 'll be honest , i follow rugby league a lot more closely than rugby union ( aka just `` rugby '' in some parts of the world ) , but `` 5 yard scrums '' is not a term i have ever heard before , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  the only `` young artist type '' i know lives in toowong , as far as i 'm aware . 
  but then , i did meet her through ingress , so it 's hardly a normal set of circumstances . 
  am i missing something , or do you just not know what a pun is ? 
  all track distances are measured in metres , and most people as far as i 'm aware use kilometres for road races , too ( 42.195 km for the marathon and such , rather than 26 or whatever it is miles ) . 
   not sure what you mean by this exactly ( perhaps you can clarify ), 
  i 'm pretty sure that bit was him assuming you 're * not * american , if that helps you understand him . 
  ( unfortunately , i ca n't help you find the logic in his actual argument , because frankly it 's not very good . ), 
  i 'm confused , did he refuse to let you just pay $ 10 for the trip , or were you claiming that because he could n't give you change , you should get to ride for free ? 
  if the latter , you were wrong . 
  if the former , he seems like he was being a dick . 
  i right . 
  no that was n't a pun , it 's the name of a real suburb in inner brisbane . 
  the problem with that one was that the variant combat rules are badly balanced , not that they 're a bad idea . 
  many people in the comments of the reddit thread announcing the release pointed out ways of achieving better balance in just an hour or two after it was posted . 
  i would like to formally withdraw my nomination . 
  haha fair enough . 
   a friend was having an emotional crisis , you do n't need any more details on that front, 
  i hope they 're doing better/do better soon . 
  but honestly mate , if you do n't want to , you do n't even owe us that much of an explanation . 
  real life should come first and foremost for everyone in here . 
  the assumption is that they 're infertile for the same reason real life hybrids ( like ligers ) are infertile . 
  my googling makes me think it 's definitely not related to hormones , though i have no idea what it actually is .
