  then , at pok\u00e9stops , it does n't seem to work on my phone . 
  instead of loading the image and name of the portal , it just stays a white circle that i can spin around . 
  walking from the re to near uq , i did n't find a single pok\u00e9mon , while my friends found heaps . 
  i 'm sure the game will improve over time , but for now it just is n't up to scratch , and it does n't have the one key thing that it ** should ** have to make it worth switching from ingress ( duelling with friends ! ) . 
  if anything , the one thing my time with pok\u00e9mon go has done is make me want to come out of ingress retirement and recapture uq for the enlightenment ... 
  unfortunately , we just do n't know the answer to that . 
  all records of such things were wiped out in the great flood . 
  hey , could you please resubmit this with the [ request ] tag ? 
  meta is for discussions about the subreddit itself . 
  cheers . 
  everyone in this thread needs to post a photo as proof !, 
  also what does battery saver mode do ? 
  hey sorry , but i 've removed this for violating submission rule 1 . 
   the content has to be complete in terms of material presented . 
  it does n't have to be perfect or balanced but it does have to be fleshed out . 
  if you want to ask a question or share a more vague idea and get suggestions on how to flesh something out , try asking [ in the arcana forge megathread , here ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 4r74ta/the _ arcana_forge_for_all_your_drafts_ideas / ) . 
  augmented reality game called pok\u00e9mon go ( from niantic -- the makers of ingress ) came out a couple of days ago . 
  zubats are crazy common to find . 
  oh man , you * do * look like alex !, 
  no , this is the right subreddit . 
  you just need to post in the megathread , rather than as a separate post , since we require separate posts to be stuff that 's able to be taken and used straight in a game ( even if it might not be totally perfect and balanced yet ) . 
  once you 've created something that 's useable , then you can submit it as a submission for others to see and provide balance and design feedback . 
  no , i 'm still around . 
  but it turns out the bot does n't actually work if you try and use it in this way , since reddit does n't send the notification to the * bot * when used like this . 
  it has to use the subreddit page list paging method , unfortunately . 
  it really does n't matter , since it wo n't work like this ( see my previous comment : i edited in an explanation ) . 
  hear , hear !, 
  yeah sorry , but the bot actually does n't work like this . 
  it works by receiving the username mention when its name is said , and then parsing the rest of the message . 
  but since more than three usernames in a message causes it to not send the username mentions , the bot never receives it . 
  besides , i really do n't think the bot * should * be used to send party propaganda to the entire country . 
  [ i voted c0l3prsiu5lll + zugfgzix8j3ozlmjgmrbvjev3/vvg ], 
  for a better future for this great country . 
  #### elastomer, 
  a natural or synthetic polymer having elastic properties , e.g. 
  rubber . 
  so , i guess rubber is a * subset * of elastomers . 
  that is , all rubbers are elastomers , but not all elastomers are rubbers . 
  ( and incidentally , in engineering , an elastomer is any material which has certain properties , and vulcanised rubber does meet those properties . ), 
  what 's the sausage sizzle fiasco ? 
  honestly i think go goes too far the other way . 
  there 's just no incentive for the same kind of group play that ingress had . 
  it 's going to make it very hard for the game to get a strong sense of community -- especially because of the idiotic decision not to make one-on-one battles among friends a top priority . 
  hey , can someone explain what / r/thesilphroad actually is ? 
  i 've seen it mentioned a few times on pok\u00e9mon go -- related threads , and it 's linked to in the sidebar of all 3 of today 's go -- related subreddits ... 
  any other enlightened agents in here feel a little dirty for siding with blue ? 
  wait , i thought training at a gym did increase your cp ? 
  the in-game description says it does ... 
  yeah , but we 've never going to get friday farms or similar with this game , because there 's just no incentive to go around playing together . 
  in ingress , you needed to work together to destroy enemy portals and build up high level farms . 
  pok\u00e9stops just ... are . 
  gyms need multiple people to get stronger , but there 's no reason to be going around as a group upgrading them all at once , as far as i 'm aware . 
   reason why i like it more than `` the bird in the north '' or `` the north knows only one bird and it is articuno '' is because the north is quite a small place when compared to the whole world . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  not really . 
  i mean , `` the north '' can easily mean different things to different people . 
  everyone 's north of somewhere ( unless you 're at the south pole ) . 
  even in the world of asoiaf , the people of westeros refer to their most northern province as `` the north '' , but wildlings do n't acknowledge that name : to them , north of the wall is `` the north '' . 
  i 'm sure those in sothoryos call all of westeros the north . 
  but snow will fall is applicable only in a very small amount of the world , only those quite a substantial distance from the equator and the tropics , or on very high mountains , will * ever * see snowfall . 
  ysk : `` sign language '' is n't a single language . 
  there are a huge variety of sign languages and dialects , just like there are a huge number of real languages and dialects . 
  they 're actually not automatic . 
  the admins manually choose subs to feature based on a larger automatic list of trending subs . 
  reddit syntax requires a blank line in between paragraphs for it to display correctly . 
  links require http or https : / / or they just display as text . 
  modelling 's not for me ( i also prefer to be behind the camera ) , but i wish you luck . 
  there 's a strong correlation in the united states between ethnicity and wealth/education , for historical reasons . 
  saying that more white areas are less likely to have these problems can be perfectly reasonable , as long as the person speaking recognises that the reason for the correlation is historical and not biological . 
  and nothing anyone has said in this thread implies that they * do n't * understand this . 
  but we 're not discussing how to fix it . 
  all we 're talking about is which areas are worse at present . 
  please explain why you think support for the most vital piece of 21st century infrastructure for the nation is `` ridiculous '' . 
  anyone got photos/videos/gifs of the cat on the field ? 
  i 'm listening to the game on the radio . 
   and that we are not worthy as individuals to raise children, 
  what i do n't get is that you can * already * raise children . 
  the fundies are n't stopping you from doing that by stopping marriage equality , because gay couples can * already * adopt . 
  so , for starters , the lnp is actually likely to get a majority at this point . 
  but second of all , the notion that a hung parliament results in chaos is just a lie . 
  a lie pedalled by the party you support , but you have to understand that it would still be a lie if labor said it ( and i have little doubt that had this election resulted in a hung parliament , labor would have been using much the same rhetoric ) . 
  new zealand and most of mainland western europe * regularly * have minority governments , and no one would say that their governments in shambles . 
  the united kingdom was a minority government from 2010 to 2015 , and it did just fine . 
  you may or may not like the policies of any of these governments , but at least you ca n't say they are ineffective . 
  even looking locally , the gillard government was incredibly successful in terms of achieving what it wanted to . 
  again you may not like what they did , but they were * very * far from ineffective , getting through the nbn , the gonski reforms , a fixed price on carbon that would have transitioned into an ets . 
  all of these were quite controversial policies , but overall gillard passed a huge number of pieces of legislation . 
  the idea the minority government is ineffective just does not hold up to even the slightest scrutiny , i 'm afraid . 
   i do n't think many of the groups that fight against same sex marriage actually know what they are fighting . 
  just a bunch of hypocritical propaganda about the damage to children and how everyone is going to get sued . 
  that 's basically what i was trying to get at , though you said it very succinctly . 
  universities have definitely been prime territory for ingress players over the past couple of years . 
  you could get to 8 super easily without ever leaving uq these days , for sure . 
  it infuriates me that the gun nuts just dismiss suicides offhand when discussing gun related deaths and the benefits of sensible controls on them . 
  we already do that quite often . 
  bridges known to be popular suicide spots have nets put up or other things to prevent would-be jumpers . 
  so that it goes in under the chine and comes out through the jaw ? 
  or am i imagining that incorrectly ? 
  good on ya , mate . 
  personally , i find the decrescendo to mezzo-forte and then immediately to piano a bit weird .
