  my understanding of the term `` gay '' is that it simply means ( especially of males ) `` homosexual '' , and that is defined as `` sexually attracted to people of one 's own sex '' . 
  both of those from the new oxford american dictionary and the oxford dictionary of english . 
  oh do n't apologise for using wikipedia , it 's a great source . 
  the article has some good points , but to me it seems like this is really just an issue of semantics . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , if a person is sexually attracted to someone of the same sex , they 're gay ( edit : or they may be bi or something similar , of course . 
  i mean if they are solely attracted to members of the opposite sex . ), 
  even aside from that , `` gay sex '' is a term that i think can be used regardless of actual sexual orientation ( any instance of a man having sex with a man , voluntary or involuntary , sexually attracted or not , etc. 
  ) , and in the same way so is gay paedophillia ( any sexual act or observance of a minor by someone of the same sex ) . 
  whether they like it or not really should n't play a part in the facts . 
  i imagine female heterosexual rape victims do n't really like being told they `` had sex '' either , and yet that is undeniably the case . 
  if it * is n't * the case , then the male rape victim situation could be attributed to the same objection to the idea that rape is being given the same terminology as consensual intercourse ( i.e. , `` sex '' ) . 
  oh god , what are they ? 
  i also do n't know . 
  i 've never heard it being used as that , but i grew up outside of australia so if it is used i could easily have missed it . 
  that depends . 
  a long time in the future demand for whatever ( oil 's been mentioned , and it 's a likely candidate -- i.e. , likely that the demand could increase and supply become severely limited , not likely that it will be found ) may be higher than today , and supply may decrease to the point that its value is worth the launch costs . 
  this is assuming ceteris paribus , as of course in reality launch technology should continue to improve , as will other related factors . 
  a google search shows nothing other than new interfaces for musical expression . 
  same reason people follow the rumours surrounding technology products , i 'd imagine . 
  cheers, 
  i heard a whole piece about what different people call @ on the radio a few years back . 
  there were a huge number of random different names for it , and apetail was one of them . 
  personally i just go with `` the at symbol '' . 
  ampersand is '' & '' . 
  it comes from `` and per se and '', 
  now that you mention that , i vaguely remember one of the callers on the radio mentioning that one . 
   because of the huge number of rules that they see broken on a regular basis in their music, 
  and i present to you , the [ truck driver gear change ] ( http://www.gearchange.org/ ) . 
  my school used logger pro , honestly , it did n't work too well . 
  then again , the computer we had to use was beyond shit , so that could be the problem , too . 
  once you actually get the programme working , results tend to be very reliable . 
  [ this may blow your mind . 
  it 's youtube , it ca n't be too bad . 
  but do n't look at any videos in the last 2 years . 
  i dunno what time it is where you are , but where i am it 's the 21st now ( though i 'm assuming for you it is/was the 20th ) . 
  the joke works either way . 
  if the 20th , 5 days was the 15th and `` we need a remake of this '' , complaining about op . 
  if the 21st , 5 days was the 16th , and you 're meta-complaining about the complaints of the reposts . 
  for me it 's battle for middle-earth 3 . 
  you 're correct , but in the minority on this subreddit . 
  i think we need / r/trueintrovert , or / r/socialintrovert or something for people like you and me . 
  ( i say you and me , i 'd say you 're far further along the social comfort scale than i am , but i am , in turn , far further than what this subreddit seems to typify . ), 
  anime is a type of cartoon . 
  by definition a cartoon is `` a film using animation techniques to photograph a sequence of drawings rather than real people or objects '' , while anime is `` japanese film and television animation '' . 
  anime is one specific type of cartoon , and while it has a significantly different style of art than most western cartoon ( most because avatar , and probably some others fill the gap ) , it is still a type of animation , and hence the term cartoon is applicable . 
  that 's the idea . 
  most cartoons have only 4 fingers , he 's showing how he is different . 
  make him write the signature , backwards , on the lens !, 
  profitable to whom ? 
  i would have thought legalising them means less spent on gaols , and possibly more tax revenue . 
  seems to me the dea , judges , and all that would cost money , not make money for the government ... 
  i agree with your overall sentiment , but i disagree with your reasons . 
  the most popular posts on / r/atheism are religion-bashing , posts about science , etc. 
  ; all things not allowed in / r/trueatheism, 
  the name of the subreddit alone , at least in the case of / r/trueatheism , seems to keep out anything inappropriate to its intentions . 
  perhaps tough moderation at the beginning ( not necessarily through specific rules , but just general guidelines ) , before the community can begin to moderate itself . 
  as i said , though , i agree that we do n't need new subreddits , but my main reasons are that there just would n't be enough people to have a good community of regular posters , i do n't think . 
  they do n't need to profit on any one thing , but it 's certainly in their interest to gain revenue and cut spending where appropriate ( especially when in as large a debt as the us government is now ) . 
  this is exactly correct , unfortunately . 
  somehow we need to get their mindset changed so this problem can be fixed . 
  what could be posted ? 
  a very good , important , question . 
  one to which i do n't have the answer . 
  i do n't care what reaction they 'll have to it , it 's the truth . 
  and if they 're offended by the statement `` you 're all watching cartoons '' , perhaps they should n't be . 
  cartoons ( both western and anime ) are a great art form and can tell brilliant stories for both children and adults . 
  edit : if they 're offended by that statement , then i would read that as meaning they think anime is intrinsically better than western cartoons , and if they think that then fuck them and their false sense of superiority . 
  true , and a very good argument . 
  i was mainly talking about marijuana , although i did n't make that clear . 
  personally i 'm for the decriminalisation of all drugs , but i can very easily understand why they would argue against it . 
  i can not say the same for marijuana . 
  i was completely fine throughout my first year of ib . 
  however , about half way through the first term of the second year i started having very limited sleep . 
  however , this was my own fault as well . 
  i spent far too much time procrastinating , which seems to be a trend with most ib students . 
  however , if you do n't procrastinate you should be completely fine . 
  16th notes are semiquavers , right ? 
  how the hell could you ban all music that has semiquavers ? 
  i 'm glad it is satirical , because that 's just utterly stupid . 
  in other news , i 'm going to make a killing selling arrangements of pieces that are rhythmically augmented . 
  physics hl is a lot of work , but definitely doable with a good teacher ( i had an absolutely useless teacher my first year , but an amazing one the second year after first teacher left , ended up with a 6 ) . 
  maths hl is easily the hardest mainstream subject in the international baccalaureate . 
  i say mainstream because there 's further maths hl which is even high level stuff , but i do n't actually know if its workload makes it `` harder '' per se . 
  english sl and economics sl are both fine . 
  i did econ without any prior experience , had a terrible teacher first year and a great one second year , and still ended up with a 6 . 
  if you can , try and read as many of the texts over the summer before you start for english , it will be a huge help ( ask what they are if you do n't know them ) . 
  spanish sl will be fine if you 've done at least 2 years of really good spanish education previously , or maybe 5 years of kinda half-hearted learning . 
  i had 1 year half-hearted and 2 years of proper prior experience in french and ended up with a decent result in french sl . 
  i dunno a thing about bm , sorry . 
  tl ; dr , out of your selection , physics and maths have a large workload , the rest should be fine if you put in the effort . 
  at the worst point i got maybe 12 hours during the week , and an attempt to catch up on the weekend , but again each person is different depending on how quickly they can work , how much the procrastinate/are distracted , etc. 
  i dunno if you can stock up on sleep beforehand , but it definitely does work up in a `` catch up '' sense retroactively , in the short term . 
  i.e. , you miss sleep during the week and sleep a lot longer on weekends . 
  missing sleep during term and trying to catch up in the holidays is not so healthy , however , and taking it to a yearly level is even worse . 
  it depends on you . 
  i was incredibly disorganised , but i 'm a good worker when i get down to it and i never had to pull a complete all-nighter . 
  i always got at least 2 hours sleep . 
  i had friends who were more organised but less academically capable than i who did have to pull all-nighters to get stuff done . 
  ( look forward to ib , that is ), 
  it 's a great experience all in all .
