  works fine for me . 
  ( because everyone has heard of drumpf exactly 35 or 0 times , right ? 
  and nobody is any age other than 0 or 65 ? ), 
  somewhere between one and ninety . 
  probably . 
  i 'm from the south , but probably not in the way you mean . 
  i was confused about their inability to take constructive criticism , but then i clicked on their user profile and found that they 're a trump supporter . 
  that , i did not find surprising . 
  no , you got constructive criticism aimed at helping you improve your ability to create surveys that produce useful , interesting results . 
  people only became hostile after you yourself responded to their constructive criticism with such hostility . 
  it 's just good survey design to include a comprehensive list of all countries . 
  sorry , but the rules of this subreddit are that we only allow stories . 
  we might have been willing to make an except for this , because it had potential to be very interesting , and the demographics of this subreddit seem fairly different to those of the more mainstream d&d subreddits , but seeing how rude you have been to users offering helpful suggestions for improvement , we 're not going to . 
  did n't work for me on desktop . 
  just a tip , you need to include the preposition in the message for it to read correctly . 
  as it is , it just says `` paging user notice '' rather than `` paging user * for * notice '' or similar . 
  hey just a tip , dropbox is really slow to load things , and if it gets a lot of attention they cut off access to it entirely . 
  you 'd be better off putting it in google drive . 
  it 's technical because `` man '' can be used both to mean `` male '' and to mean `` human '' , and in context it 's kinda implied to be the latter . 
  \\* sigh \\*, 
  no , it 's not confirmed , but it 's the widely held theory on here because it just does n't make sense otherwise . 
  there are numerous reasons that they * ca n't * be in the same universe , which have been explained a * lot * of times on this subreddit before . 
  further distance to travel . 
  he 'd have to go back down off the bridge , run across the water , come up the other side , and go across the bridge to where she was on it . 
  yeah i 've been a huge fan of the flash 's music since we first saw barry on arrow . 
  your maths seems a little off . 
  generally , monsters play by the same maths as players . 
  they have a proficiency value ( though it 's not explicitly stated ) , and that value gets added to the appropriate ability score at the appropriate time . 
  based on your dex and str saving throws , it seems to have a +3 proficiency . 
  perception , stealth , and survival all fit with this , too . 
  but it 's getting +5 to hit with a longsword , and +6 with a ranged weapon . 
  it should be getting +6 and +5 , respectively , since a longsword uses strength , and ranged weapon attacks use dex . 
  same with damage , should be adding +3 to the longsword and +2 to the ranged attack , based on its current stats . 
  swarm form could probably do with being worded better . 
  i would suggest putting the information about its fly speed in that ability , and mention ( if this is what is intended , as i presume ) that it is unable to take other actions in this form . 
  i 'm on chrome 49.0.2623.87 m for windows , for what it 's worth . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had problems with qualtrics surveys before , so i 'm not really sure what 's going on . 
   regardless of your gender, 
  unless that gender is something other than `` male '' or `` female '' , apparently . 
  oh , good . 
  that finally puts that to bed . 
  thanks for letting me know , i generally prefer not to watch promos . 
  as a dvorak user , [ i have no idea how i 'm meant to play ] ( http://i167.photobucket.com/albums/u128/snafubucket/games/kerbal%20space%20program/wasd-dvorak_zpstdtfkvtd.jpg ) . 
  the have to maintain some semblance of impartiality . 
  how better to do it than with a local election where the person in question is going to have very little impact on anything , anyway ? 
   never try to apply logic to superheros, 
  well , the same could be said to your comment :p, 
  maybe speedforce means he * can * keep his velocity up in the air . 
  huh , how curious . 
  no , i 'm afraid i do n't have any idea . 
  it 's not because they 've turned on whois privacy , since i can still access it and am still getting the same information as before ( and also because even if you do try to access something registered with hover that has whois privacy , that 's not the result of trying a whois ) . 
  out of interest , what platform are you running ( operating system , shell version , etc. ) ? 
  maybe that 's making a difference ? 
  if you do managed to figure out what the cause is , i 'd really be interested to know . 
  i 've tried it with os x 10.11 in bash 3.2.57 ( 1 ) - release . 
  not sure how to find out the version of whois that it 's running though ( neither ` - version ` nor ` -- version ` do the job ) . 
  on ubuntu linux 14.04 with bash 4.3.11 ( 1 ) - release and whois 5.1.1 , however , i get the same error as you . 
  perhaps the bsd version of whois is better designed than the gnu one ? 
  you have to remember , our political system is * not * first past the post , it 's alternative vote . 
  this means that a candidate has to receive over 50 % of votes in order to win . 
  it 's * not * just whoever gets the highest count . 
  if , on first preferences , nobody reaches 50 % , then the lowest candidate will be excluded , and all of their voters ' second preferences will be redistributed . 
  in this case , that 's people decide . 
  whoever pd voters gave their second preferences to will have a * substantial * impact on the outcome of this election . 
  if they gave them to the greens , to the lnp , to nobody ( since preferences are optional in local elections ) , or to some split among those three , then labor will be the lowest at that point . 
  that means labor gets eliminated , and their votes will go to the greens ( mostly ) , resulting in a greens win . 
  if pd voters mostly vote labor , that would result in greens being the lowest in the next round ( labor currently has 30.13 , plus pd 's 2.38 puts them ahead of the greens ' 31.56 ) , and thus the greens would be eliminated , redistributing mostly to labor , resulting in a labor win . 
  there 's no way , given the first preference vote result we can see on that site , and the known political leanings of green , labor , and lnp voters , that the lnp could possibly win . 
  the unknown is people decide , which therefore has the power to decide ( pun mostly not intended ) whether greens or labor are the winner . 
  yes , that 's what happens when you try to page at 4:00 am when i 'm asleep and my computers are all shut down . 
  19 hours later . 
  the account has been shadowbanned , but this particular comment is * still * visible ... 
  i tried looking it up , and i did n't find out what left-pad was , but i did find some guy bitching about being taken down for violating someone 's trademark . 
  is that meant to be related ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  what do using a word that sounds similar to but is actually very different in meaning to the intended one , incorrect use of apostrophes , misuse of the thesaurus , and * wearing jeans with sneakers * have in common ? 
   though it is hotly debated, 
  then , by definition , it is not `` generally acknowledged '' . 
  i agree . 
  yeah , the grounding was never in question . 
  it was n't a very strong grounding , but it was grounded . 
  can someone explain to me what the video ref was looking for there ? 
  commentators said something about foul play from the defender . 
  what sort of foul play would that be , and what would the consequences have been ? 
  well , not always a change in social dynamics per se ( though sometimes there is -- many schooling systems have the final two years at strongly distinct from the rest of secondary schooling , sometimes even at a different school ) , but certainly a large number of places change things up substantially in the last two years . 
  the last two years are when british students take their a-levels , french ones do le bac , german gymnasium and gesamtschule students enter their final stage of specialisation , australians begin their senior secondary curriculum , and stundents around the world begin the international baccalaureate diploma programme , for example . 
  yeah but it 's 20/20 mate . 
  who cares . 
  there 's a woolies at the airport ? 
  granted , i tend to fly out through coolangatta , but i do n't remember there being a woolies last time i flew out from brisbane . 
  yeah , i kinda feel like this is a big part of the * point * of the rule . 
   i mean i guess it is up to interpretation . 
  no , it means that you can replace one spell with another . 
  there 's no interpretation in that . 
  if you wan na replace one of your lower level spells with a higher level one , you can . 
  you 're looking for something that does n't need to be there . 
  it does n't say you * ca n't * replace one low level spell with one higher level one , so you * can * . 
  there 's no general rule that would say it works differently , and this specific rule does n't say you ca n't . 
  so to assume that you ca n't is just making stuff up . 
  to be fair , he did say `` if you need some disappointment '' .
