  rudd should 've called a double dissolution over the original ets . 
  i pronounce it as imj . 
  i disagree . 
  they had some circumstantial evidence pointing at some vote scamming . 
  if they 've got more solid evidence they should release it publicly . 
  more importantly , there has been no public announcement . 
  even if they have banned it with good reason , they should do it transparently or at least make some brief official announcement from one of the admins . 
  can we call them the labor [ sic ] party ? 
  dear people making this complaint, 
  a ) no we do n't , not until the gg appoints a new pm, 
  b ) that 's how the westminster system is supposed to work . 
  we do n't elect the pm , we elect local members who choose a leader among themselves . 
  i 've always read img as imj , while knowing it 's short for image . 
  i think that 's his point . 
  that we ca n't have filibusters is a great thing . 
  even if in this case it was used for a good cause . 
  a lot of people believe ( how true their beliefs are is another question ) that turnbull is opposed to fttp only because it 's the party line to oppose labor on everything . 
  these people think he will try to convince abbott to continue with a proper nbn when they get into power . 
  what would be the grounds for a double dissolution ? 
  an earlier election , sure ( though the news seems to be theorising it 'll be only two weeks earlier : 24th august ) it could definitely happen , but you need grounds for a double dissolution . 
  a coupla technical notation pointers :, 
  * the first bar should have a time signature ( it looks like 16/4 ), 
  * bar 21 , the quavers on beats 4 and 5 of the probably should n't be joined across the beat , it makes the notation confusing, 
  sorry for hijacking this article , but does anyone know how to get witcher 1 to work properly ? 
  i came across [ this reddit thread with excellent instructions ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/macgaming/comments/s2bqz/howto_update_the_witcher_enhanced_edition_engine/ ) , but unfortunately the link to download files in step one does n't work . 
  it takes you to a page that says nothing but, 
   pageok, 
  actually i 'm pretty sure people stating more or less what you 're saying now were the top rated in the / r/australia post at the time . 
  when you say over-represents libertarians , do you mean libertarian as the quiz puts it ( the social side of things ) or libertarian as the libertarian party in the us puts it ( right wing economics + libertarian social policies ) ? 
  great , but you 've written it rather poorly . 
  bad spelling , lack of capitalisation , etc. 
  i took your work as a basis for writing my own :, 
  to whom it may concern ,, 
  i am a [ age ] year old australian citizen from [ city/state/suburb ] , and i am writing in regards to the recent refusal of classification of the video games saints row 4 and state of decay . 
  both of these games were refused classification on grounds relating to sexual violence and drug usage . 
  as a responsible adult , i am able to differentiate between the actions taken by fictional characters in a video game and the consequences of drug abuse in real life , and similarly in video games . 
  recently , the classification board recently introduced new guidelines for the classification of computer games , which included the introduction of an r18 + category . 
  as such , any material deemed inappropriate for children can be given that classification without excluding responsible adults from consuming this content . 
  however distasteful it may be , the content contained within these games is not illegal , and thus giving them , and others like them , ratings of refused classification -- a rating that is in practice tantamount to censorship -- is unnecessarily restricting what media content responsible australian adult citizens are able to consume in their own time . 
  many australians , myself included , enjoy playing games in their spare time , and can very easily differentiate between real life and the fictional world of a video game . 
  there is no need for a government body to regulate which games are appropriate for adults to play . 
  i would urge the classification board to reclassify the aforementioned games , and to alter its policy of refusing classification to games which are not illegal , and instead grant these games the r18 + category to allow adults to play the games , while still protecting under age children from exposure to them . 
  thanking you ,, 
  [ name ], 
  edit : i intend to submit this to their online form , and may also start a petition some time tomorrow if there does n't seem to be any other momentum on this point . 
  i 'm also definitely going to write to politicians , too , although i 'll wait until i receive a response from the classification board before doing that . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm also from the lilley electorate . 
  it would help a lot if you could submit the letters you 're sending publicly to allow others who come across them to adapt for their own use . 
  writing one from scratch takes too much effort for most people . 
  here 's one i wrote -- not to my mp , but to the classification board -- based on [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/1h3saf/if_you_are_fed_up_with_others_deciding_what/caql092 ) by / u/blacksmithwolf, 
   to whom it may concern , i am a [ age ] year old australian citizen from [ city/state/suburb ] , and i am writing in regards to the recent refusal of classification of the video games saints row 4 and state of decay . 
  both of these games were refused classification on grounds relating to sexual violence and drug usage . 
   as a responsible adult , i am able to differentiate between the actions taken by fictional characters in a video game and the consequences of drug abuse in real life , and similarly in video games . 
  recently , the classification board recently introduced new guidelines for the classification of computer games , which included the introduction of an r18 + category . 
  as such , any material deemed inappropriate for children can be given that classification without excluding responsible adults from consuming this content . 
  however distasteful it may be , the content contained within these games is not illegal , and thus giving them , and others like them , ratings of refused classification -- a rating that is in practice tantamount to censorship -- is unnecessarily restricting what media content responsible australian adult citizens are able to consume in their own time . 
   many australians , myself included , enjoy playing games in their spare time , and can very easily differentiate between real life and the fictional world of a video game . 
  there is no need for a government body to regulate which games are appropriate for adults to play . 
  i would urge the classification board to reclassify the aforementioned games , and to alter its policy of refusing classification to games which are not illegal , and instead grant these games the r18 + category to allow adults to play the games , while still protecting under age children from exposure to them . 
  and [ here ] ( http://www.classification.gov.au/pages/classification-enquiry.aspx ) is the online form through which you can send them queries . 
  haha ouch . 
  do n't forget you can also write to your senators , and also to whoever else plans on running for your electorate ( labor , liberal , greens , as well as anyone else ) . 
  especially as the seat is now up for grabs , perhaps now is an even better time than normal to try this . 
  my mp is swan , so a similar predicament , although afaik he 's still running for reelection , just as a backbencher . 
  dunno how likely it is he 'll get voted back in , though ... 
  oh sorry , i should have been clearer . 
  i meant when the r18 + was first introduced . 
  awesome idea . 
  even more awesome would be nfc for the same purpose . 
  much easier than holding your phone steady at the code for it to take a photo . 
  oh yeah , you 're right about that point . 
  judging by comments made at wwdc , that wo n't be for a while yet , if ever , unfortunately ... 
  the screenshot features in os x are incredible . 
  i have n't used the snipping tool ( my windows computer is still on xp ) , but i 'm glad to see that it 's improved since taking screenshots in xp is awful . 
  can you set a keyboard shortcut for it ? 
  if the only reason you made up your mind to vote liberal was that post above . 
  absolutely , you should not vote liberal . 
  the things mentioned there are faults which at best the lnp shares ( appalling asylum seeker policies ) , and in many cases they are even worse than labor ( labor has not done as much as it could for the environment , the lnp would do even less ) . 
  hear hear . 
  the political compass is an amazing tool , though i recommend waiting till they create a new entry for this year 's aussie election . 
  i suspect the parties will have moved a fair bit , and hopefully it will include parties like the australian democrats , pirate party , wikileaks party , as well as katter and clive 's parties . 
  i 'm just curious , since you inevitably have to place either lnp or alp ahead of the other , which will you prefer ? 
  and when you say those are your bottom three , is that including the sex party and family first ? 
  seems confusing to me that someone would preference * both * of them ahead of a major party , some l since they 're essentially exactly opposites . 
  hear hear . 
  the political compass is an amazing tool , though i recommend waiting till they create a new entry for this year 's aussie election . 
  i suspect the parties will have moved a fair bit , and hopefully it will include parties like the australian democrats , pirate party , wikileaks party , as well as katter and clive 's parties . 
  i 'm just curious , since you inevitably have to place either lnp or alp ahead of the other , which will you prefer ? 
  and when you say those are your bottom three , is that including the sex party and family first ? 
  seems confusing to me that someone would preference * both * of them ahead of a major party , some l since they 're essentially exactly opposites . 
  hmm ... compared to the convenience of just have a keyboard shortcut and then dragging a box , that does seem a rather unfortunate pain . 
  still , better than what xp had by far !, 
  hear hear . 
  the political compass is an amazing tool , though i recommend waiting till they create a new entry for this year 's aussie election . 
  i suspect the parties will have moved a fair bit , and hopefully it will include parties like the australian democrats , pirate party , wikileaks party , as well as katter and clive 's parties . 
  i 'm just curious , since you inevitably have to place either lnp or alp ahead of the other , which will you prefer ? 
  and when you say those are your bottom three , is that including the sex party and family first ? 
  seems confusing to me that someone would preference * both * of them ahead of a major party , some l since they 're essentially exactly opposites . 
  yeah , they 've been doing that around here on some ads , actually .
