  that 's it . 
  on the plus side , even that 's enough to get korean people really excited , especially if you also read the characters ( which is ridiculously easy to learn ) . 
  so , assuming you 're talking about the third line from the bottom , it goes, 
  for ( int i = 0 ; i < constant ; i + + ) array [ i ] = 0 ;, 
  int var = 0 ;, 
  that second line there is n't in the for loop , it 's only executing once . 
  the first line is the for loop . 
  if you only want to have a single statement execute within your for loop , you do n't need to use braces , you can just put it right after the close bracket of the for loop . 
  what the above code is doing us setting the whole array to 0s . 
  once it does that , * then * it sets those other variables to 0 -- once , not repeatedly . 
  tenor clef is the best c clef . 
  try cs50 . 
  it 's a course from harvard that 's available online that teaches programming from the beginning . 
  it has the advantage of having real tutors , as well as forums and stuff for you to communicate with other students for help , but it also runs on a really loose schedule ( you get the whole year to do it ) which is a massive boon compared to coursera courses , where you typically have to do everything on a strict weekly schedule . 
  no do n't !, 
  yes they 're not needed , but it is very frequently considered bad style to do this , as it tends to make the code harder to read . 
  personally , the only time i take advantage of this feature is with simple if statements and returns . 
  for example, 
  if ( condition ) return true ;, 
  rather than, 
  if ( condition ) {, 
  return true ;, 
  and korean . 
  though they do this weird thing where they mix their number systems . 
  korean has two number systems , one that 's `` korean '' ( and goes hanna , dull , set ... ) and one that 's more chinese influenced ( and goes il , ee , sam , sa ) . 
  they use the former for hours , and the latter for minutes . 
  it 's available worldwide . 
  i 've been doing it this year to complement my university studies , and i 've been in australia and vietnam . 
  it 's an online thing and they have n't put up any bullshit restrictions . 
  not to my knowledge . 
  they just get used for different things . 
  yes . 
  ` print a , b ` prints ` a ` and ` b ` with a space between them . 
  if you do n't want that , you can use ` print a + b ` . 
  no , that award goes to the film that * did * win best picture the year shawshank came out . 
  seriously , how forrest gump won against shawshank redemption and pulp fiction is just beyond me . 
  it 's such a dull film . 
  could you explain what exactly your problem with sibelius is ? 
  if you have a midi keyboard , the best workflow ( in my opinion , anyway ) would be, 
  set note duration on numeric keypad, 
  press a single chord from a single ` voice ', 
  3 . repeat steps 1 -- 2 with one chord at a time , for all voices, 
  4 . when that 's finished , add dynamics , expression text , etc. , and fix layout problems if you feel the need, 
  treating the left and right hand parts as separate voices , but also any extra voices that you might have within that . 
  this workflow is an extremely efficient one . 
  my experience has been that while finale might have a little bit more flexibility if you want to do really weird/unusual stuff , for normal compositions , sibelius is * much * easier to use . 
  and the third party options available are simply not as good as these two . 
  just out of curiosity , it might be worth trying omitting the * first * character , in case they 're reading it in with some sort of rolling buffer . 
  unlikely , but not impossible . 
  but urgh . 
  my bank has a hard limit of 8 characters on the password . 
  it 's not too much of a problem , since three bad entries and they require phone verification , but it still screams of bad programming practice . 
  true , but it 's displaying a `` password is too short '' message when the password given is , in fact , too long . 
  i think the reason my bank has a maximum password length is actually so that people do n't create really long ones and then forget them all the time . 
  it 's annoying as fuck , but i can kinda see where they 're coming from . 
  liz makes sense , though . 
  the others are weird , though . 
  just googled it , supposedly it comes from cockney rhyming slang . 
  turd -  third -  richard the third . 
  i imagine , though , that like most supposed cockney rhymes , it 's one that actually does n't get used very often . 
  yeah i really agree . 
  it 's one of my favourite pieces for solo piano , but this recording has me so bored already ( at 2:50 ) that i 'm tempted to just stop it . 
  it 's just * so * dull . 
  it ca n't be done through windows by itself . 
  [ this site ] ( http://www.thespicers.net/uk-dvorak-keyboard-layout ) has the files you 'll need to download , as well as really good thorough instructions for how to install it . 
  good luck !, 
   unarmed guy ... ca n't just shoot him, 
  would n't reasonable force laws already take care of that example . 
  nevertheless , i do get the point . 
  it would n't be too difficult to construct a sample situation where someone could reasonably have retreated , and yet still did n't use excessive force . 
  you mean you got a c++ , right ? 
  what 's the programme that 'll output the digits of pi ? 
  that is so cool . 
  any chance you could share it with us ? 
  edit : need to remember not to feed trolls . 
  this will output every * integer * only . 
  none of the integers are in the set he 's talking about . 
  yeah this is how it was for me . 
  it definitely has one or two of the worst episodes , but on the whole the season just * really * is ** not ** as bad as some people like to make out . 
  heck , season 5 is honestly on par with season 4 , in my opinion . 
  except that we 've heard of nothing * but * them since half way through season * one * . 
  ** even when there was not even an inkling of actual romance between the two of them . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  i thought i was fast when i watched community . 
  i think i watched it all ( seasons 1 -- 4 , at the time ) in something like 10 days . 
  but fuck . 
  this guy 's gon na do it in 3 . 
   we 've always been a web series . 
  now we 're just finally on the web, 
  that 's a brilliant description . 
  see that 's funny , but i thought ass-crack bandit was terrible and unengaging . 
  i also thought that most of the other gimmick episodes , like `` geothermal escapism '' ( excluding the very end , which was great ) , the meowmeowbeenz episode , and the d&d episode , were significantly less interesting than those from previous seasons , like the original d&d , the three paintball episodes , and the season 4 finale . 
  gi jeff , while not nearly as bad as season 4 's puppet episode ( imo the single worst episode they 've done ) , i still thought was horrible . 
  definitely in my top 5 worst episodes of the whole show . 
  pierce 's will and the bear dance episodes were awesome . 
  nic cage was ... okay , i guess . 
  not terrible , but not great . 
  and the inspector episode and * especially * the thanksgiving one are absolutely incredible . 
  some of the best the show has done , covering some really good ground on the characters ' arcs , with some fun comedy in the other story in each episode ( pierce in the inspector episode , and the shawshank stuff in thanksgiving ) . 
  i did n't like either of them , personally .
