  correction . 
  the law did not * recognise * it if a man was raped . 
  thanks for that . 
  i did n't even realise it was a mistake , and was thinking of it as the possessive `` you '' . 
  it confused me ... 
  and when, 
  i feel like even better than lunch is if it 's something related to a hobby you both have . 
  that is in no way a random app . 
  it 's fucking awesome . 
  i used it on my ipod touch and it was bloody amazing !, 
  i really wish it was on android . 
  ( i have sleep as android , but it just does n't feel quite as good to me . ), 
  yes , definitely !, 
  sleep as android is absolutely awesome . 
  not as good as sleep cycle for ios , in my opinion , but it 's still incredibly useful , and does have some significant advantages over sleep cycle . 
  different people simply require different amounts of sleep . 
  i ca n't explain the science behind why , though , although i wish i was one of those that do n't need much ... 
  huh , i did n't realise having a rubbish bin was n't completely normal ... 
  he replied to the wrong person , but the same thing can be said about shaving . 
  turn the water off while you 're shaving and it 'll save huge amounts of water . 
  but regarding his comment , who the hell does n't turn off the tap while cleaning their teeth over the sink anyway ? 
  you obviously replied to the wrong person , but regarding your points : definitely true , if you clean your teeth in the shower , turn off the water while doing so . 
  also if you shave in the shower , do the same thing . 
  perhaps even more important . 
  but your comment seems to imply that people leave the water running while cleaning their teeth if they do it in the sink . 
  please people , turn off the tap even then . 
  it takes absolutely no effort , and you 're saving heaps of water . 
  just out of curiosity , have you chosen this because it was feature in do n't shoot the pianist ? 
  i would do a search on your library 's engine and on google scholar for anything that might be related . 
  perhaps beethoven 's religiosity in general , or something about how a specific piece reflects another composer 's religious beliefs . 
  beyond that , i ca n't really help . 
  but please , when you 're done , share a copy of this paper with us !, 
  i 'm sure many here would be glad to see it !, 
  ( i 'd appreciate a pm too , just in case it does n't get voted up enough to be seen . ), 
  good luck !, 
  the homicide rate in the uk is still a quarter of that of the us . 
  read the rest of the comments that stemmed from mine . 
  yeah , if it `` defeats the purpose of this survey '' what that says to me is op is too lazy to have to deal with that information . 
  i ca n't complete this , because i identify as ambidextrous , and because many of the activities listed i truly do use both hands for . 
  haha cool . 
  best of luck with it , if you do decide to play it . 
   if you are ambidextrous , clasp your hands together . 
  then identify the hand on which the top thumb is not on, 
  that does n't seem to make sense to me . 
  i identify as ambidextrous , though if required to choose one i would , without hesitation , say my left hand is dominant . 
  however , when i clasp my hands together , my left thumb is on top . 
  your description of how to choose a hand is inaccurate . 
  furthermore , the fact that you do not have an option for `` both '' for these activities i would call a terrible oversight , except that you did n't forget about it , you wilfully left it out . 
  you may claim this would `` defeats the purpose of this survey '' , but all that says is that you are not interested in accurate results . 
  the fact is for many people both * is * the correct answer . 
  by leaving it out , you are guaranteed to get inaccurate results . 
  finally , on the `` random '' section , you did not include a n/a option , but i feel as though that is the section where it is most relevant . 
  `` which side of your face do you show to the camera '' , well neither . 
  i face front on ( though i prefer to be behind the camera when possible ) . 
  your survey is , quite honestly , terribly designed , and you should either redo it , or discard the idea entirely . 
  you have a surplus ? 
  my god . 
  how ? 
  i 'm l6 , and i 've currently got 2 x6 , 4 x5 , and 77 x4 . 
  0 r6 , 3 r5 , and 32 r4 . 
  because that 's a thing, 
  there mistakes . 
  as opposed to here mistakes . 
   hotel that does not allow you to book other hotels via their internet, 
  no fucking way i would consider that a legitimate use . 
  but i get your point , there are legitimate uses for the service . 
  the isp is definitely the one at fault here . 
  to be honest , most of the time the eu goes batshit crazy over what it perceives to be `` privacy '' issues and such . 
  usually it 's absolute bullshit , but it appears that at least some of the time it 's a good thing for consumers !, 
  for what it 's worth , i would very much like to complain about that . 
  i did n't realise it was a normal thing in western countries . 
  i 've only noticed it when living in vietnam , where i would be watching an english-speaking channel , and they would start airing these really shitty vietnamese ads over the top of it . 
  not to mention a constant watermark from the tv company . 
  i think it 's absolute bullshit . 
  they did n't do it until a couple of years ago , either ... but i had always assumed it was some stupid quirk from a vietnamese company . 
  i did n't know it was a commonplace activity . 
  i did n't realise where it was until i was like two scrolls away from fully zoomed out . 
  i should be ashamed . 
  that 's not cello , it 's contrabass ( aka double bass , or , in jazz music , upright bass ) . 
  but either way , i 'm not sure i see the problem . 
  this is at the very end of the piece , and the performer has been asked to detune the instrument as low as possible , like the note is falling off . 
  this looks like it may be really cool , although i 'm not a huge fan of most atonal and/or experimental music . 
  this * appears * as though it would be to my tastes , although it could easily go the other way . 
  either way , i will be very upset if you do n't submit a recording for us to hear !, 
  but it 's * at the end of the piece * . 
  the musician does n't need to play any more . 
  the music is done . 
  they 've got until the next time they play to retune . 
  i do n't see how it 's a problem . 
  haha i recognised it as mozart 's 40th , but was thrown off by a couple of the odd intervals . 
  ( not to mention the rhythm offset ... ), 
  it is n't quite a correct transcription into a minor . 
  [ here ' ] ( http://imgur.com/kdxqebk ) 's a comparison of your transcription , a direct transposition of the correct piece into a minor , and the original composition . 
  i 've shifted both of them rhythmically to line up with your piece , but you should note that the first two notes are actually anacrusi , with the first downbeat of the main melody being the first crotchet beat ( the second e in your transcription , the second d of the original key ) . 
  you can see the full original score [ here ] ( http://petrucci.mus.auth.gr/imglnks/usimg/1/1a/imslp00072-mozart_-_symphony_no_40_in_g_minor__k550.pdf ) . 
  yeah , i 'm calling bs on that part of the story until someone comes up with a source . 
  i could be wrong , so please correct me if i am , but my guess would be that the areas that do n't get a fixed-line connection are probably also not going to have 4g coverage , since 4g is currently in more populous areas . 
  i recently taught my aunt 's partner how to use torrents . 
  they went from downloading maybe 20 gb a month to needing to upgrade from a 100 gb plan to a 200 gb plan , and still running out a few days before the month ended . 
  just a ( i hope interesting ) anecdote , not actually meant to discount your point , which i agree with .
