  having powers for cool different types of attacks -- which have different effects in the battle -- makes for a much better experience all around . 
  but 5e does so much right , that it seems such a pity they fucked the core component up so badly . 
  character creation is so much better , and i love the way backgrounds are woven into it , and how starting items work . 
  i think they 're talking about alphabetical order . 
  that would make [ ` are'are ] ( http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages ) the first language . 
  afrikaans would be the first major language . 
  the magic of makeup . 
  holy shit . 
  trinity college , cambridge ? 
  dude 's not only an incredible actor , he 's also a fucking genius ? 
  damn i 'm jealous . 
  from my googling it 's an american tv station that has shows like castle , bones , hawaii five-o , and smallville . 
  either that , or a delivery company headquartered in the netherlands . 
  careful buddy , there 's a lot of extremely vocal pro-israelites on reddit , and their votes tend to be the ones that send things to the top ( at least from what i 've seen on / r/worldnews etc. 
  recently ) . 
  never mind the questionable neutrality of the gatestone institute , that article really does n't address the fundamental issue . 
  there is now , and always will be , a very important difference between anti-semitism and being anti-israel . 
  being anti-semitic is stupid . 
  at least , it 's as stupid as being anti-christian or anti-muslim ( though there certainly are many people who take both of those positions ) . 
  people are entitled to their religious beliefs etc. 
  however , being anti-israel has * nothing * to do with the fact that it is a strongly jewish nation . 
  it 's all to do with their illegal occupation of palestinian lands , their oppression of many palestinian people , and the murdering of innocents -- including children . 
  the fact that this is executed by a nation that happens to be jewish is completely irrelevant . 
  i thought so too , at first , but then i saw his next reply , and then his post history . 
  because in practice ( such as , it would appear , in this case ) it is often used in that manner . 
  you 're right that they can just issue them new passports , but you 're actually wrong about the foreign soil thing . 
  it 's a common myth , but embassies are actually * not * considered foreign soil . 
  oh right . 
  somewhat less impressive , i guess . 
  still probably smarter than me . 
  the two are far from mutually exclusive . 
  i dunno , there were n't many services like it around when this infographic was made . 
  i imagine it would be somewhere around rhapsody or last.fm 's level . 
  that was my first thought , too , but other comments seem to say ohr 's not a shardmind , but an `` oread '' . 
  [ this video has a good explanation of emoji ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=titwm5gdiai&amp;list=uu9-y-6csu5wgm29i7jiwpna ) , and why they exist . 
  the important thing , though , is that not all emoji are emoticons . 
  at least to me , an emoticon is something like ''  '' ( or ) . 
  a representation of a face . 
  here 's a few emoji that i would n't consider an emoticon . 
  for me , these are displaying as boxes on reddit . 
  the first one is a simple smiley face , the other three i randomly selected from [ here ] ( http://getemoji.com/ ) ( where , for me , they display correctly ) , from the `` music and arts '' , `` sports and games '' , and `` buildings , locations , and landmarks '' sections , respectively . 
  it 's a well known trait in fantasy genres . 
  it 's called [ linear warriors , quadratic wizards ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/linearwarriorsquadraticwizards ) ( do n't click the link if you have stuff to do today ) . 
  i do n't know for certain , but i read someone a couple of weeks ago who claimed that 5e has unfortunately gone back to having this problem , because it did n't have the careful balancing that made 4e so good . 
  that does n't really make a difference when comparing to 4e , since you have those options in 4e , too . 
  the simple fact is that 5e has taken away the variety from fighters that 4e so carefully added in . 
   a good deal of this game is trying to encourage less combat-centric mechanics . 
  thats why when they describe races they go on for a page before even touching any mechanical benefits, 
  but 4e does this as well . 
  it does a great job of giving all sorts of players heaps of different options for non-combat roleplaying , including its wizard 's cantrips . 
  that is n't a reason that you should n't also have a strong variety of options for during combat . 
   and why backgrounds give you more roleplaying abilities than combat ones, 
  again , this is much the same in 4e . 
  i will hand it to 5e , though , backgrounds in this are absolutely one of my favourite things about it , and they seem * so * much better integrated than the backgrounds in 4e . 
  here , i think i may have found it again :, 
  hi from australia . 
  ( or new zealand , or most parts of canada . ), 
  it 's the same here in brissy . 
  everyone just stands wherever . 
  it 's a damn nuisance when you 're actually trying to get somewhere . 
   you win by reading people, 
  this explains why i was always so bad at cluedo . 
  but with less death than ring a ring o ' roses . 
  man , you musta been from a rich family . 
  all we had was a frangipani . 
  [ fun fact , but that rule is actually followed by * less * words than there are exceptions to the rule ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duqlzxiizqa ) . 
   hitler in a way , was quite similar to stalin . 
  they were both authoritarian . 
  i prefer the [ political compass 's ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) way of thinking about things . 
  social policies are on a separate axis to economic ones . 
  stalin was left-wing authoritarian , hitler was relatively middle-authoritarian . 
  libertarians are right-libertarian , while the majority of left-wingers in modern society are moderately left-libertarian , and most conservatives are right-authoritarian . 
  note that the political compass uses the term libertarian simply as the opposite of authoritarian on social issues -- one has to remember it is n't in this context at all necessarily associated with libertarian parties . 
  i think what people are saying here is that in response to these sorts of relatively invasive questions , you should just lie . 
  tell them you 're moving to be close to your parents , have some convincing backstory planned in case they do inquire further , and just go with it . 
  i myself am neither condoning nor condemning that advice . 
  it just seems to me what the other comments are implying . 
  this just in : russian nukes powered by iphone 6 . 
  except this argument you 're presenting is one that almost nobody actually holds . 
  most anti smoking people are exactly as the above commenter explained . 
  they 'll support bans on public smoking , and support reasonable actions like banning many forms of advertising ( including things like requiring plain packages , which is an absolutely brilliant idea ) or taxing them . 
  laws regarding smoking around kids are an obvious good idea . 
  but banning it altogether ? 
  hell no , that 's an absurd idea that ( for all practical intents and purposes ) no one actually supports . 
  nicotine patches would still be available , though , surely ? 
  tried bittorrent ? 
  that 's how i get all my stuff , because it does n't show here for at least months after the us , plus i do n't have foxtel . 
  you can get absolutely brilliant quality . 
  720p video that looks just as good as it would on tv . 
  ditto but mind 's barely usable at 1600 . :(, 
  murdering hundreds of people ? 
  just a guess . 
  i do n't think anyone would disagree with you there . 
  the main tes games are and always will be single player open-world rpgs . 
  other games like eso exist , and crucially * are part of canon * ( despite some in this thread insisting otherwise ) , but like elder scrolls adventures , it is n't part of the main series . 
  ( in case it 's not clear , i 'm not disagreeing with anything you said , just expanding on it . ), 
  would have been nice to be able to receive feedback on specific answers . 
  even if it was `` give your email address to receive specific feedback once collection is finished '' in order to prevent people sharing results . 
  also would be cool to know how often i was right when i said `` sure '' compared to `` probably '' and `` guess '' . 
  how about youtube ?
