  neither of those are great for domestication in the way cows and pigs are , and they 're not even as good sources of hunt as bison ( or `` buffalo '' as grey referred to it , in a way that 's not * technically * wrong , but is dangerously close to it ) . 
  combine that with the combination of venomous animals and dangerous marine life , and aboriginal australians never really had much of a chance . 
  edit : somehow kangaroos completely slipped my mind . 
  they 're probably the best candidate for hunting , but might not be quite as good as bison . 
  terrible for domestication , though , so they 're still behind the old world in that respect . 
  precisely my thoughts . 
  heck , half the game 's damn * title * is about huge opponents . 
  i really do n't want them shying away from these kinds of things just because video games ca n't do them as well as our imaginations can . 
  haha yeah , i listen to grey 's podcasts at 2x speed ( the slowest of all the podcasts i listen to -- my others tend to range between 2.4 and 2.6 x ) , and whenever i hear someone from one of my podcasts talking at normal pace , it always feels so slow . 
  but in this case , grey really is speaking substantially slower than most of his videos . 
  it fit well with the topic , i thought . 
  from a purely pragmatic point of view , the only thing conveyed in this case by the change of pace was the seriousness of tone . 
  to me , that in itself is worth it , but if all he wanted to do was teach people as many facts as possible , a faster pace definitely would have been a better choice . 
  i do n't think confusion or disinterest is really going to be at play in this case . 
  it 's just a matter of tone . 
  you could call it unkind women ? 
  i do n't think birds are nearly as substantial as large mammals when it comes to impacting a society . 
  they 're a great source of food , to be sure , but as far as impacting whole cultures ' advancement , they 're relatively insignificant . 
  really ? 
  like , you actually legitimately think that 's the reason ? 
  because most of the people here are suggesting it as a joke , and honestly i find it * very * unlikely that that would be the real reason . 
  the slower pace fit the tone of the video really well , and the difference in income compared to his patreon makes it insubstantial anyway . 
  i was trying to think of why i had recently been hearing about cholera . 
  i was having a mental blank on it . 
  yeah , i thought that was fantastic imagery . 
  the story we 're usually told : the part above the ground , followed by ever deepening layers of indirection . 
  4e 's approach regarding races and classes was a slightly less elegant version of the same thing , actually . 
  phb1 was arcane , divine , and martial , phb2 was primal , with some more arcane , and divine , and phb3 was psionics , with some more divine and primal . 
  then there were a bunch of more specific power books , like `` arcane power '' , `` psionic power '' , etc. 
  and late in the edition , after the switch to the `` essentials '' line , the `` heroes '' series of books matched loose themes in ways even more similar to what wizards is doing today . 
  things like heroes of the feywild , heroes of the elemental chaos , and heroes of shadow, 
  a big part of the problem in that edition was the sheer number of feats and backgrounds to choose from , especially when dragon magazines were taken into account . 
  additionally , as brilliant as the aedu system was in many ways : easy to break into without needing to read through 8 different sections of the book , easy to balance , does n't have the stupid vancian system of magic , etc. , it ended up getting bloated and given people way too many possible options to choose from . 
  you 'd have the class and a few options when it first comes out , but then more possible options would be released in later supplements ( like the `` arcane power '' book ) , and then more again came with essentials . 
  and that 's without even touching on items . 
  the options for implements were crazy complicated if you got into them . 
  basically , my point is that they kinda sorta tried the same thing with 4e , but messed it up pretty badly . 
   but say i 'm playing an unusual one ( for me ) , like warlock . 
  so , it 's cha first . 
  then ... dex ? 
  con ? 
  i 'm particularly familiar with warlocks , since that 's what my current character is/was ( not sure of her future exactly : her patron got killed at the end of our previous campaign ... ) , but yeah , that 's probably the order i 'd put it in if i were aiming for optimal performance . 
  in my case , i actually started out with 1 int , 2 cha , 3 dex & con ( equal ) for roleplay reasons . 
  one that might throw me off would be paladin : do you want charisma second , or constitution ? 
  but obviously strength is first . 
  or bard : i 'm gon na guess charisma goes first , but after that , what ? 
  dex then con ? 
  i 'm really not sure on that one . 
   dice ... take a while, 
  personally , i 've gotten used to doing it , and i 've got more than 4 d6s , so i could easily grab the stats for a single character with dice faster than grabbing my phone , loading up the app , and getting it to do it . 
  but again : not really the target audience . 
   and people cheat with them, 
  i get the concern over this , but personally i ( a ) only play with people i trust , and ( b ) trust but verify : all character creation rolls are done in public in front of * at least * the dm , if not the entire party . 
  i find it kinda sad that a lot of people do n't have the same situation , but for those that do , something that prevents cheating is definitely a boon !, 
   this app has a history , where you can check through and see if they were doing rolls aside from the one they recorded, 
  oh , that 's * very * interesting . 
  is there any way to tamper with this history , or is it there forever ? 
  ( and if there is , is there a way to do it * without * connecting to a computer and hand-modifying files , or can it also be done within the app itself ? ), 
   your criticisms are good . 
  they really are n't !, 
  and they were n't meant to be taken as actual criticisms * at all * . 
  more like like-hearted poking in jest . 
  as you say , they did n't criticise the usefulness of the app for what it does . 
  honestly i doubt we 'll be getting anything substantial from greyhawk any time soon . 
  like fr , greyhawk is generic fantasy . 
  why would they move from one * extremely * popular generic fantasy setting to another far less popular one ? 
  there 's nearly nothing to be gained . 
  there 's far more to be gained by using a more unique setting like eberron and dark sun , because while their playerbases may be similarly small , they can at least use these to expand upon types of player options and monsters in substantial ways that another generic fantasy setting could not . 
  while i doubt we 'll be seeing a move away from the forgotten realms any time soon ( hell , we have n't even moved away from the * sword coast * yet ) , i suspect that when we do , it 'll be to eberron , or possibly to something else , but it wo n't be generic fantasy . 
  my group took 6 months to get through * phandelver * . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's supposed to be doable in like 6 sessions or so ... 
  and we had nearly weekly sessions . 
  fair enough . 
  i 've never played around much with android app development , so i was n't sure how file storage and permissions were handled . 
  that definitely seems like a pretty reasonable approach to things , from what i can tell . 
  i dunno , maybe . 
  i 've never thought of them as having an enormous amount of meat on them , to be honest . 
  oh that 's good to know . 
  i should probably add that my group did almost none of the side quests . 
  the did cragmaw castle , and then the green dragon bit basically only because i pushed them towards it ( i clued them in that they might be able to ask the druid where the mines are , after they decided to burn the map trying to negotiate their way out of the castle ) . 
  we took so long because they bought all in on political intrigue . 
  not the stuff that 's in the book , mind you , but wholly invented stuff by them . 
  it was fun , but really weird and off-book . 
  oh that 's very interesting . 
  i thought most of australia 's megafauna was extinct * before * humans arrived on the scene . 
  i agree with you on everything except your claim that thorn whip is the most powerful cantrip . 
  eldritch blast wielded by a warlock is still clearly the strongest . 
  you 're looking at x ( 1d10 + cha ) , where x is the tier of play ( the same way all cantrips scale ) . 
  it also has the potential to have a range of 300 ( double the normal basic attack cantrips , though to be honest i find that invocation kinda lame ) or to control the battlefield by pushing enemies up to 10 feet ( which i have found far more useful than i ever expected ) . 
  crawford does n't really even need to say it . 
  this is one thing that 's spelled out pretty clearly in the books . 
  holy crap . 
  you captured that with a bunch of shots as it happened ? 
  what was your shutter speed ? 
  the common wisdom is to outright refuse it . 
  there are good arguments for this . 
  however , if all your players will actually enjoy it more if it plays out in a realistic way , just let it play out . 
  maybe have an npc or two try to break up the fight if it looks like it 'll cause serious problems , but it should n't function mechanically any different from a normal combat : except that you do n't have to run one side of the fight . 
  my group rarely pvps in a combat way , but subtle schemes and plots are common , and we really enjoy it . 
  if your group is similar , allow it .
