  but for the most part , i think the execution of the prequels fell well short of its potential . 
  the idea of a naive or innocent person falling from grace and becoming evil is such an incredibly awesome one , and i love stories that do it , even if ( as is the case in the star wars prequels ) it is n't executed perfectly . 
  but even if one does n't care for anything about the stories at all , there are two things that you ca n't deny . 
  they brought us some fucking awesome lightsabre battles : way cooler ( in terms of pure spectacle ) than the original trilogy . 
  and they brought us more of that incredible john williams score . 
  `` across the stars '' is such an amazing love theme , it 's almost a shame it was wasted on such a. . . well , let 's just say , * not * incredible ... on-screen romance . 
  yeah , we 're talking on the order of trillions of years . 
  even assuming the government has insane levels of technology that the rest of the public does n't ( which is frankly highly unlikely ) , we 'd still be looking at thousands of years of dedicated attack to just get into * one * phone . 
  point buy is great , and it 's what i first used . 
  it 's great because you can build the character completely to your specs . 
  but i kinda enjoy the slight amount of randomness from 4d6 drop the lowest , with a forced reroll if the stats are too bad or too good , as determined by the dm ( with a rough guideline of a total of between +2 and +5 or 6 -- for reference , all 10s is +0 , all 12s would be +6 , though i 'd allow a reroll on all 12s anyway for being too * ineffective * if the player wanted ) . 
  stats assigned in the order you prefer . 
  the nice thing about it being random is that it can allow a good reason to make less optimal characters . 
  with point buy , i find myself too tempted to just grab the maximum i can with my primary stat ( or two main stats ) and drop everything down . 
  random rolling gives more room for more all-rounded characters and the like . 
  that said , at some point i 'd like to play a completely random character . 
  4d6 drop the lowest , rolled in order down the page . 
  then randomly roll a race ( i made a table for 5e 's non-ua races [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1m38-n7l1a5xtmzar_qppfen0dtiycib_1ywkxo6j6bi/edit?usp=sharing ) that could be used ) . 
  then pick a class that fits those stats ( not random , because let 's be honest , if i happen to naturally be born as a mountain dwarf with 18 strength and 8 intelligence , i 'm * never * going to be a wizard . 
  people do n't choose what they 're naturally good at , or what race they are , but they do choose what to do with their life . ) . 
  i think it could just be a fun thing to do once . 
  the pic reminds me a little of amon from korra . 
  oh yeah , that makes sense . 
  i forgot about that shitty rule they 've got over there ... now that i think about it , god it 's annoying now so many pages pop up these messages telling you `` we use cookies , say okay '' . 
  it 's infuriating just how much the eu does n't * get * technology ... 
  what i think unlikely is that they 'd be thousands of orders of magnitude ahead of what is public knowledge , and that it would be kept entirely secret from the public . 
  in this day and age , i do n't think the government is capable of keeping secrets that large . 
  i 'm definitely not questioning their ability to * come up with * that sort of technology in the first place . 
  happy cake day , by the way . 
   what do you think the op will spend her/his karma on ? 
  it was comments like this one that really confused me way back when i first started on reddit . 
  people talking about trading karma or buying things with karma . 
  i thought that might be a legit thing you could actually do . 
  took me weeks to figure out the truth . 
  but back on topic . 
  holy hell , op could be in century club using comment karma * or * link karma . 
  and not even a year and 2 months old . 
  how do you * get * to that point ? 
  that 's also awesome !, 
  holy shit that is an * awesome * array to get . 
  i 'll ask the obvious question : what 's the 3 in ? 
   what happens to the poor sap who got 10,10,10,12,8,13 in a party that got 18,17,14,14,13,12 ? 
  you tell both of them to re-roll , easy !, 
  my biggest problem is that they made a lot of sites put up big banners that float on top of content to do it . 
  if it was just a requirement that there be , as you say , a 10 line or less statement linked to in the footer , under the title `` cookie policy '' , or similar , it would have been totally fine . 
  how many dice can you fit on a 20 foot square ? 
  that . 
  you 're doing nearly identical subjects to what i did !, 
  just sub out hl chem for music . 
  for what it 's worth , early on i was getting a lot of 4s in maths . 
  i even got a 3 at one point . 
  ended up nabbing a 5 , which was great for going into ( software ) engineering . 
  i 'll be honest , though , i never really felt seriously stressed over my performance until the third term in my first year . 
  if you 're only half-way through the first term and are feeling the pressure , that could be a sign of trouble . 
  not necessarily though . 
  out of interest , what programme did you do in your previous two years ? 
  and what grade did you get ? 
  although they do ( arguably -- raw is unclear about this ) have one * very * strong weakness that completely nerfs their ability to tank against an enemy prepared to counter them specifically : moonbeam . 
  of course , against enemies that * do n't * use moonbeam , i agree entirely . 
  druids are * insanely * tanky . 
  hahaha thanks for that . 
  i was actually just joking there , but i 'm sure someone should appreciate this . 
  though your paraphrased version 's pretty damn humorous , too , so thanks doubly !, 
  haha yeah , it 's actually a super useful spell . 
  we went up against some werewolves on a full moon , but thankfully our druid had moonbeam , and by god is it insane . 
  recurring large amounts of damage to a group of enemies . 
  you can * move * the area around . 
  a single save * does n't * end the effect permanently , just means they do n't take damage that turn . 
  and if they 're a shapechanger , they get disadvantage on their saves , and get forced back into their normal form . 
  very powerful spell . 
  yeah , seriously . 
  to be completely frank , there is something completely and utterly * sick * about a country where this kind of story is possible . 
  i do n't mean sick as in disgusting ( though perhaps that , too ) , but sick as in unhealthy and dying . 
  i doubt it . 
  honestly , my guess would be either he was totally honest and just could n't be arsed to do that nice thing for the person who had done something nice to him ( the honest but misguided option ) , or it was full dickhead mode and it was n't even for * him * . 
  he wanted to take it and sell it or some shit . 
  yeah , i 'm the same . 
  it 's weird to think of amon hen actually takes place right near the start of the third book . 
  it was pushed back slightly to the end of the first movie ( which coincides with the first two books ) because it provided a more cinematic/dramatic ending to the movie . 
  but for what it 's worth , at least from my memory , they cut out the stuff about the beauty of the caverns under helm 's deep entirely in the movies . 
  i accidentally read a spoiler for the third movie a while back . 
  oh god i do n't think i 'm going to be prepared for it ... 
  i do n't think he knows about second breakfast , pippin . 
  holy shit . 
  that 's incredible . 
  how does one even practise to do that sort of thing safely ? 
  yeah , i had no interest in being spoiled about it at all , but on social media somewhere i came across a link to a petition for them not to go the route they 're planning on , and that spoiled it for me . 
  though for what it 's worth , from an artistic point of view , i * really * hope that they actually * do * do it . 
  it 's just such a beautiful way to do it . 
  but i am fully expecting to cry like a newborne babe when i watch it ... 
  it would n't be my first purchase ( i 've got a couple of little accessories that i 've been eyeing on ebay which would be much easier impulse purchases if i had $ 1m ) , but a new pc would be pretty much the next thing i got myself . 
  would just have to spend some time researching the parts to figure out what i want . 
  the real phrase should be `` i before e except most of the time '' . 
  because there are more exceptions to the so-called `` rule '' than there are adherents . 
  and there 's an rfc somewhere that recommends ddmmyy for human readability . 
  though yyyymmdd is clearly the best for machine readability , and is also pretty good for humans . 
  either way , i think anyone at all rational can see mmddyy is dumb . 
  how would you dnf ? 
  by getting into an accident or something ? 
  because if they 're both into running enough to want to do something like that , i 'd assume they 're easily fast enough that timing out is absolutely not a risk .
