  yep , for this , md5 would be perfect . 
   most games ( purely by numbers ) are probably written in flash, 
  i dunno , i reckon objective-c and java would give flash a run for its money , with the amount of mobile games out there for ios and android . 
  no gpa requirement , but i strongly suggest making sure you 're over 18 or things may not go how you want . 
  ias are more important in some subjects than others . 
  if it 's only worth 20 % then that 's not a * huge * problem , compared to if it were , say , music hl . 
  still , in general one should try and do as well as possible . 
  as for why your predicted score dropped so much , it 's simple . 
  your teacher saw your result in the ia and decided that it was indicative of your ability in the subject more generally . 
  your teacher thinks that your ia was bad because you 're generally not good enough and/or not putting enough effort into the subject to achieve better than a 2 in the exam . 
  that , or it 's a deliberate attempt to make you * think * the above , in order to get you to put more effort in . 
  give you a kick up the bum , as it were . 
  not just probably , that 's * exactly * the way that they 've described it . 
  i just wish the game would let me store local highscores ... 
  to within a margin of error , exactly the same ? 
  do n't try and tell an 18th century salzburger that mozart was austrian . 
  i think the syntax you 're looking for is, 
  1 day, 
  sorry for the late reply , but i 've just thought of something . 
  would n't it make more sense , population wise , to have wa and nt merged , rather than qld and nt ? 
  still , it makes more sense if it roughly matches up with real-world population , does n't it ? 
  another option would be to merge nt and sa , if the problem is that wa+nt would be too large in area . 
  culturally , i would guess its closest relative is probably wa , followed by queensland . 
  but i say this as someone who has never been to wa , only once very briefly been to darwin , and has mostly only been to seq , with a few trips to northern queensland , and never far west . 
  so i 'm not really the best person to ask . 
  why is this tagged comic spoilers ? 
  hold on , the voting system question is missing the option that seemed most popular based on my reading of the previous thread . 
  5 local seats , and 10 stv . 
  but i really appreciated the fact that you gave us the ability to choose both our favourite system , and all systems that we approve of . 
  i do this too . 
  it 's not that i missed the point of their statement , it 's just that often there 's not much else to say . 
  i agree with most of what they said , or find it trivial , so i point out the bits that i do n't necessarily agree with . 
  just to provide a slightly nicer bit of formatting for anyone else , it says, 
   mo ^ ( + ) -- m, 
  for pure speed reasons , maybe , maybe not . 
  i was able to type at a peak speed of about 110 in qwerty previously , with a more common speed of about 80 . 
  now i type at a peak of 120 -- 130 , with my more casual typing speed around 100 . 
  it took me about 3 or 4 months to reach parity with my qwerty speeds . 
  but speed reasons really are n't the main concern for such a fast typist . 
  let 's be honest , once you 're over about 60 wpm , you 're hardly ever going to be constrained by your typing speed unless you 're a stenographer or transcriptionist or similar . 
  what makes dvorak so appealing for * anyone * who types a lot is that it is far more ergonomic than qwerty . 
  with the most common keys being easiest to reach -- on the home row or top row , as opposed to the bottom row , your fingers have to travel far less , and move in awkward ways far less frequently . 
  this leaves you much less susceptible to rsis like carpal tunnel syndrome . 
  `` sm '' is not a term i was familiar with , but that 's the one i preferred . 
  for the new survey , when it comes around , i would suggest titling it `` 5 single-member electorates using av , 1 ten-member electorate using stv : does not waste votes , is two-thirds ( 2/3 ) proportional . '', 
  that 's far more clear about what exactly we 'd be getting . 
   a bad taxi experience, 
  does said bad taxi experience have to have taken place in brisbane ? 
  because i 've never had a bad taxi experience in brisbane , primarily due to having been in a taxi in a grand total of two times . 
  one possible person who worked on the prequels , though i do n't know how involved he was with lucas himself , would be alex lindsay of pixel corps . 
  he 's talked on one of the podcasts he 's on about how he was involved in the process . 
  i ca n't remember exactly , but i believe he/his team were involved in designing the naboo ship that queen amidala , qui-gon , and obi-wan took to tatooine . 
  being someone who has had involvement in online media recently , it certainly does n't seem out of the realm of possibility that someone could get him to do an ama . 
  he 's also done things like run livestreams from the white house , so it could be a fairly interesting one . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/236oks/iama_ahmed_best_actorwriterdirector_best_known/ ) . 
  i do n't have a strong opinion about chewie in the original trilogy one way or another . 
  i did n't really think he was a fantastic character , but he did n't annoy me or stand out as bad in any way , either . 
  it 's actually one thing that was really obvious to me in the force awakens . 
  i * loved * chewie in that . 
  he was really entertaining , but also quite beautifully emotional when he needed to be . 
   there are people that hate the new show already , just for the idea that it might be related to the shit that jj put out, 
  wait , there 's a new show coming out ? 
  and * is it * going to be related to jj 's crap ? 
  this is sounding like it * could * end up being like sherlock holmes . 
  i stayed away from the bbc 's sherlock for a * long * time , because i was offput by how terrible the downey jr. films were . 
  eventually someone managed to convince me to watch them and they were amazing . 
  star trek * could * do the same thing , but only if the show returns to its roots as good quality science fiction , rather than the science action of the films . 
  but this is all * entirely * speculation , because until i read your comment , i did n't even know there * was * a knew show . 
  i still do n't know anything else about it . 
  get yourself a dslr , preferably one with a crop factor instead of a full frame one . 
  something like nikon 's d7200 or the canon 7d mk ii . 
  for the nikon , you 're looking at about an rrp of over $ 1,000 . 
  next , put on it the longest lens you can . 
  to get the zooming , you 'll want a zoom lens rather than a prime , but a prime would get better quality at the same focal length . 
  something like nikon 's 80 -- 400 mm f/4 -- 5.6 ( which goes for about $ 1,900 ) . 
  but that 's still probably not going to be enough . 
  you 'll want to add a teleconverter on top . 
  it 's basically something that multiplies the focal length ( the zoom amount ) by a certain amount . 
  nikon sells them in 1.4 , 1.7 , and 2x . 
  you 're looking on the order of a couple hundred dollars . 
  all this is somewhat speculative though . 
  i do n't really know if even that is enough to get the amount of zoom in this photo . 
  yeah , that 's my point . 
  he was sort of bland in the original , but there were a number of moments in the new one where i thought he stood out as fantastic . 
  to put it bluntly , this is an impossibility if they want to maintain any thread of verisimilitude . 
  we 've had over one hundred combined episodes of arrow , the flash , and supergirl , and not once has any mention of superman appeared in the arrowverse , or of the flash or the vigilante/arrow/green arrow on supergirl . 
  we were very specifically told that , prior to supergirl , her universe had just one hero . 
  similarly , the idea of superpowers was completely foreign to everyone in the arrowverse throughout the early episodes of the flash . 
  no , the shows * can not * cross over without using multiversal shenanigans . 
  i wish it were n't this way . 
  i wish they had used barry in place of kal-el as a mentor for kara . 
  but they wanted the shows separate at first , and this is the price we pay for it . 
  sequenced ? 
  you 're not very familiar with the point of this subreddit , are you ? 
  sure , that 's a genuinely great idea . 
  in the mean time , though , let 's continue using child car seats as the best option currently available , and not use a less safe option just to say fuck you to the producers of the safe one . 
  honestly the only thing i 'd upgrade would be the gpu . 
  everything else is very much still useful . 
  maybe the ram , though that would be more for multitasking while gaming than just gaming by itself . 
  i love the little annotations in the list , too :,
