  languages , yes , but if you want to switch between keyboard layouts within the same language it 's ctrl-shift . 
  i think as of windows 8 ( it might be win7 or vista , but i know it was n't in xp ) windows-space does the same thing . 
  dvorak master race checking in . 
   it was possible to paste any copied image as an icon, 
  why is this not * still * possible ? 
  i 've just recently been watching chuck . 
  chevy chase plays a character in a few episodes in that , and his character really reminded me of what pierce would be like if he were less incompetent . 
  oh god it 's been absolutely abysmal . 
  i stayed up to 3:00 am for this shit . 
  but anyway , i 've gotten around it by instead watching [ twit 's live coverage ] ( http://live.twit.tv/ ) . 
  whenever the stream is up , they cut to it ( with their own commentary ) , but more importantly , when the stream is down , you 've at least got * something * going on . 
  i think the point of this is that it automatically routes your normal phone calls over wifi if phone signal is bad . 
  if that 's not it ( i dunno , my signal cut out at that point ) , then yeah , i 'm not entirely sure of the point . 
  yes , it would be illegal in almost any jurisdiction . 
  it would also be trivially easy to do ( at least , the difference between this and a more general virus would be trivial ) . 
  i just hope that the fact that apple is using nfc payment means that the technology will catch on enough that i 'll be able to use my nexus phone for the same thing soon . 
  the technology 's been around for ages , but without apple 's backing it has n't been able to take off very much . 
  edit : urgh . 
  only in the us for now . 
  still , hopefully they 'll be rolling it out internationally soon . 
  this will be huge . 
  the technology to do it has been around for ages . 
  the technology is nothing special . 
  but having the support of apple behind it will be a huge factor in getting it to take off . 
  it 's unfortunate that it 's only in the us for now . 
  hopefully it 'll go to at least canada , uk , australia , and a few countries in western europe by early-to-mid next year . 
  it should be easier to get it to take off in these places since paywave/paypass is already widely spread in many of these places , compared to the us . 
  this will be huge . 
  the technology to do it has been around for ages . 
  the technology is nothing special . 
  but having the support of apple behind it will be a huge factor in getting it to take off . 
  it 's unfortunate that it 's only in the us for now . 
  hopefully it 'll go to at least canada , uk , australia , and a few countries in western europe by early-to-mid next year . 
  it should be easier to get it to take off in these places since paywave/paypass is already widely spread in many of these places , compared to the us . 
   maybe apple can force the businesses to make nfc payment more mainstream, 
  this is exactly what i 'm hoping . 
  my nexus 4 has nfc , but i think i 've only used it two or three times , to share a link or file . 
  but with apple backing the technology , it stands a much better chance at taking off for payments . 
  ( i could be pre-empting this , though . 
  there 's still time for them to announce a left-handed version . ), 
  i must say , though , i 've noticed all watches seem to be annoying to use as a lefty . 
  my garmin has the start/stop button on the right , which means i have to reach over in order to press it . 
  did you read past the first line of my comment ? 
  i literally pointed this out in the second sentence . 
  i know it 's been around for ages . 
  my phone is a nexus 4 , and it has nfc . 
  apple has huge sway in the marketplace , and with them pushing the technology , it 's got a much better chance of taking off . 
  not my title . 
  i 'm not the op . 
  and besides , op took the title from the post . 
  looks like it 's going to be almost unusable for lefties . 
  unless they announce a left-handed version between now and the end of the event , that dial is going to be near impossible to use on your right wrist . 
  this will be huge . 
  the technology to do it has been around for ages . 
  the technology is nothing special . 
  but having the support of apple behind it will be a huge factor in getting it to take off . 
  it 's unfortunate that it 's only in the us for now . 
  hopefully it 'll go to at least canada , uk , australia , and a few countries in western europe by early-to-mid next year . 
  it should be easier to get it to take off in these places since paywave/paypass is already widely spread in many of these places , compared to the us . 
  looks like it 's going to be almost unusable for lefties . 
  unless they announce a left-handed version between now and the end of the event , that dial is going to be near impossible to use on your right wrist . 
  i 've been going through all the posts on this topic pasting the same thing because it 's the same information and it 's relevant to the post . 
  but because i 'm following the new queue , i do n't know which one will end up being upvoted ( although from the looks of things , the anti-apple crowd is out in force , so none of them will ) , so i 'm pasting the same information to multiple posts . 
  do n't fucking accuse me of being part of some vote manipulation racket . 
  i do n't . 
  what is it ? 
  wear it upside down ? 
  might be an option , i guess . 
  i dunno if they 'll have that feature built in or not . 
  even then it 's sub-optimal because of how it 's placed above that other thing on the side . 
  oh right . 
  i see what you did there . 
  very clever . 
  yeah , i 'm mainly just hoping that by the time i get my next phone ( i expect it 'll be a nexus 6 or nexus 7 phone , but who knows ) it 'll be widespread enough that i can just use it without needing to pull out my card at any place that currently supports paywave/paypass , or needing to be on a specific bank . 
  i think if i were to get a smart watch it would have to be to replace a normal watch . 
  i already take off my day-to-day watch when i wear my garmin watch for running . 
  it 's not something i feel is particularly important to me in the short run , because i do n't plan on getting one until a few generations down the line , but it 's definitely an issue to be addressed . 
  yeah so do i. 
  it sure would be nice to have it in the phone , though . 
  paywave/paypass is definitely a huge convenience relative to having to enter your pin , though . 
  yeah i 'm an android user . 
  there were a few moments in this announcement that got me interested , but definitely not enough to switch over . 
  tap to pay . 
  easier and more convenient than swiping and signing , or putting your card in and entering a pin ( for the us and the rest of the developed world , respectively ) . 
  only marginally more convenient than paywave/paypass , as it means you can pay with your phone without needing to get the card out of your wallet . 
  paywave and paypass are already a thing . 
  if this technology simply feeds in to that ( and based on the logo displayed on receivers they showed in demos , it looks to me like it does ) , then the only problems could be on the phone 's end . 
  if you have to manually open up a specific app and go to a specific page , that 's going to be annoying and much less convenient than pulling out your card and tapping * it * . 
  but if it works from any unlocked state or is otherwise easy to use , then it could be a slightly more convenient system than using paywave/paypass with your card . 
  apple * does n't * know your card number . 
  they made quite a point of pointing that out . 
  it 's stored securely on the actual device , and is never sent to apple 's servers . 
  ca n't it be turned off ? 
  actually , assuming it 's stored on the device in the same way as the fingerprint is done , its security is very impressive . 
  the iphone cloud-related stuff has awful security , but the stuff actually on the phone -- and especially the fingerprint thing -- is really secure . 
  links you may be interested in to get some more detail on it :, 
  ( [ text transcription ] ( https://www.grc.com/sn/sn-446.txt ) of the first one . 
  just alter the url accordingly for the other transcriptions if you want them . ), 
  it looks like the bands are interchangeable , so i think you may be able to flip the band around the other way . 
  should get it carved into something you can use as a wax seal .
