  hey , if you do n't mind me asking , what exactly does one need a cms like drupal or joomla for ? 
  my web programming experience has involved doing everything entirely from scratch on the back end ( mostly with php ) . 
  what part of the design of a typical website would they make easier ? 
  is it weird that i care more about getting them to officially call them hot stoppers than actually getting them as an item to use ? 
  i do n't ever actually remember what i was taught regarding the oxford comma . 
  i just always use it because it makes sense . 
  when you speak you always put the pause in , so why not also when you type . 
  my weird little comma use is regarding quotation marks . 
  i know that the rule is that commas and full stops * always * go inside the quotes , while question marks and exclamation marks go inside if they apply to the quote , and outside if not . 
  but i apply that second rule even to full stops and commas , because it has never made sense to me that you would n't do it that way . 
  it goes against what i was taught , but i do n't care . 
  oh right ... 
  forgot how far behind the rest of the developed world america is on payment . 
  i typically use paywave or paypass , or if the place does n't support that , it 's at worst insert and enter the pin . 
  preferably for neither . 
  regarding the australian republican movement , i 've got ta be honest i 'm not surprised they would have pit republicans against republicans . 
  i staunchly would like to see australia do away with the monarchy , but there 's only a * very * narrow range of scope in which i would vote `` yes '' in a referendum to actually make the change . 
  it 's a * very * big change whatever model we use , so i 'd much rather keep the status quo than change to a republican system that i disagree with . 
  out of interest , next time the republican issue comes to the fore ( and who knows , with both our prime minister and our leader of the opposition being well-known republicanists , maybe with a bit of luck it could be soon ) what if we were to pick the exact system in a public vote , just like new zealand is doing here with there flag ? 
  that seems like it would be an interesting way of going about it . 
  regarding the new zealand flag vote , do you know which voting system they 'll be using to pick which one of the four goes against the current flag ? 
  av or approval seem the most likely , unless they 're going with fptp . 
  though as a country that picks its parliament with mmp , i ca n't imagine they 'd make the mistake of using fptp for this . 
  what 's sindarin for `` hot-stopper '' , i wonder ? 
  yeah , i knew that that 's how it happened , though i was too young at the time to remember it . 
  though i do wonder what would be the * preferred * method of becoming a republic for the majority of people , because it certainly is a touchy topic , and i think it 'd be hard to get any sort of consensus . 
  which is why paywave is the preferred option . 
  it 's a fantastic system , and is much faster than cash ( on account of you not needing to get the amount out of your wallet , get change , and put the change away ) . 
  exactly , hence the comment about `` how far behind the rest of the developed world america is '' . 
  right , over the last year or so , thanks largely to apple pay , the us has definitely been catching up . 
  it 'll just take a little while . 
  assuming the water bottle is from * that * event , and not a previous iron man op took part in , kronburg , denmark . 
  what you 're suggesting is a good way of resolving the ambiguity in the * other * direction , but it does n't help the fact that a simple list without an oxford comma is still ambiguous . 
  you kidding ? 
  this feels * exactly * like it belongs in the same season where a former spanish teacher became a napoleonic dictator with am army of pre-teen children . 
  i really hope that teacher faces * severe * repercussions . 
  nobody who thinks like that should he allowed to work with children . 
  anybody know if there are any articles following up on that part of the story ? 
  edit : actually , not just the teacher . 
  the higher ups in that teacher 's school who also refused to take any action should be removed from their positions . 
  point of order , mr speaker , why is the question about the environment when its asker claimed it would be about education ? 
  oh , that 's interesting . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  oddly , at least according to that first link , even in british english ( which , as an australian , is * mostly * the way i was taught ) , the american style is recommended in works of fiction . 
  that might be why i ended up getting taught * solely * the american style . 
  it does make me wonder why they would recomend two different systems for fiction or non-fiction , though ... 
  this feels way too good to be true . 
  i mainly clicked on the comments because i wanted to see exactly why the headline was exaggerating the truth and in fact i still ca n't use happy birthday in short films . 
  but i 'm rather pleasantly surprised to see a * lack * of such a comment . 
  and for reference , that means the smaller image is approximately [ 18.3 cm by 11.5 cm ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qy1t4ae.png ) . 
  that means that the people closest to the front of the smaller image are [ approximately 1 cm tall ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wx0bcmi.png ) . 
  my preferred model would be one where the president ( i 'm not even sure i 'd want to use that title ) has no more power than the current governor-general does . 
  i would personally also like to see them chosen by a supermajority of parliament , rather than directly by the people . 
  that would force it to be someone relatively a-political ( or , rather , a-party-political ) , since it 's very rare that a single party will have the supermajority needed to elect a preferred president on their own ; it would need to be someone agreed to by * both * major parties . 
  the way * i * would like to see australia become a republic , president tony abbott would never happen , and if it did , he would n't really have * that * much power , anyway . 
  did you have a stroke while writing that ? 
  i know all the words , but in that order they just have no meaning ... 
  haha season 3 is my absolute favourite of the show . 
  i 'm absolutely loving all your work . 
  this is as fantastic as ever . 
  what 's up next , if you do n't mind my asking ? 
  normal clothes/robes ? 
  or perhaps weapons ? 
   phew , i read cn warlock and i was worried it was a `` that guy '' post about chaotic stupid . 
  honestly , i hate this attitude . 
  way too many people on this subreddit see something like this , or see `` drow rogue '' , or any number of other possible archetypes , and they immediately start * assuming * things about how the character is going to turn out . 
  usually negative things . 
  why ca n't people be a little more positive . 
  do n't * assume * something 's going to be a problem until you find out otherwise . 
  do the opposite . 
  run under the assumption that there 's probably some good reason for it , and a good backstory , * until * you * specifically * find out that , no , this guy really just is `` that guy '' . 
  brb , gon na torrent the phb . 
  ( sorry mods , just want to see if automoderator responds to this ), 
  yeah , my group 's about 3 sessions in to a seafaring campaign . 
  must say , i 'm a little bit jealous of op 's group . 
  the expression you were looking for is `` per se '' . 
  serious question , if they made that colour , could they call it `` space grey '' , or is that term an apple trademark ? 
   it 's not a disease, 
  yes it is . 
  in fact , if you look at the dictionary definition of survey , [ it specifically says `` disease '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wgbdns8.png ) . 
  [ the definition for disease ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mnlhzqv.png ) does n't require that it be caused by a virus or bacteria or similar , it just needs to be an abnormal condition . 
  which vitamin deficiencies certainly are . 
   this video is not available . 
   sorry about that . 
  do n't think it 's a region thing , since youtube usually specifies when that 's the case ... 
  it does n't interest me . 
  to be honest , i do n't understand the point of visual novels . 
  that said , based on the trailer/video thing , it looks very well made . 
  the voice acting , in particular , was impressive to me . 
  the style of it , especially at the beginning , felt like the sort of talking stage actors do over the intro to a song . 
  and for a game about a band , i think that 's a cool stylistic choice . 
  i ca n't help test for you because i just do n't enjoy the genre , but i do wish you best of luck . 
   do you think the turnbull government should dump plans to deregulate universities ? 
  have your say in the comments below . 
   ## comments, 
  comments on this story are closed . 
   comments on this story are closed . 
  nice one , abc . 
  but anyway , this is good news , if true . 
  but it feels to me like * very * flimsy speculation .
