  two party preferred . 
  oh that 's a really clever technique . 
  very elegant . 
  guess it 's time for me to add another static address to my router . 
  thanks for all the detailed explanations !, 
  with the metrics page finally considering 1st april over , it reached over 300 new subs , plus about 50 so far from 31st march and 2nd april that could n't be considered part of a normal strong growth day . 
  looks like some traitors have erected the rebel flag above it . 
  i did my part in trying to remove it . 
  this post was automatically removed 9 hours ago because it received a number of reports from other users . 
  your post is in violation of post requirement 1 , and so i 'm going to uphold the automatic removal . 
   5 more spells based on origin, 
  so only half the bonus spells granted to most other classes ? 
  seems interesting . 
   recovering 1/3 sorcery points per short rest, 
  presumably this would be a `` once per long rest '' thing like the wizard 's arcane recovery , yeah ? 
  that was hilarious to watch . 
  i was one of the people trying desperately to maintain the friendly smiley face just a little way above that ( before it got destroyed by people drawing a picture of a cd ... sigh ... ) so i was watching the whole flag thing play out . 
  right now both flags are the right way around , with the words anzac pride below . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  plus indonesia right above aus . 
  in all seriousness , this is exactly why we have representative democracy . 
  why we vote for mps , senators , representatives , etc. , instead of voting on the specific issues . 
  direct democracy is a terrible idea . 
  anything i should know about the game before watching , if this is the first oltp match i 've watched ? 
  about the teams , oltp-specific rules , inside drama , whatever . 
  also you damn southerners are * still * on wishy-washy-magic-bullshit time summer 's been over for 32 days already . 
  8:00 pm est makes it 10:00 utc . 
  that should make it easy for anyone else to translate to their time zone . 
  you were also probably taught about the taste areas of the tongue via school . 
  does n't mean it 's not a misconception . 
   i think you 've missed the entire core point of the mandela effect, 
  the mandela effect and misconceptions are , if not entirely the same thing , very closely related . 
  people simply , for any number of possible reasons , somehow end up believing the same incorrect information . 
  it 's a fascinating phenomenon , but there 's nothing magic at play . 
  everyone simply is exposed to the same broader culture which can , in some cases , lead to multiple people making the same incorrect assumptions . 
  many possibilities . 
  one is that hkmdb might be easy for anyone to edit ( like imdb is ) . 
  the hoax might have been the result of someone who works for , or knows someone who works for , hkmdb . 
  someone might have edited the site * in their browser * for the purposes of the screenshot . 
  lawyers spend a lot of money trying to undermine eyewitness credibility because studies suggest that eyewitness accounts are * incredibly * unreliable ( and this entire subreddit corroborates that conclusion ) , and yet people in general tend to trust eyewitness accounts quite a lot . 
  it can be difficult , at trial , to overcome the jury 's bias in favour of eyewitness testimony . 
  although , incidentally , juries also have a strong bias against cases where strong dna evidence does n't exist , because they believe it works like it does in csi and other crime procedurals . 
  in reality , dna evidence is nowhere near as readily available as it is on tv . 
  those were n't parentheses . 
  parentheses ( known in most non-american forms of english as `` brackets '' ) are the round curly things . 
  you put your misspelling of `` definitely '' in single quotes , also sometimes called `` inverted commas '' . 
   this is n't an me at all, 
  well , a lot of people are misremembering what actually happened , so it clearly * is * a mandela effect . 
  hey sorry , but this is a subreddit for sharing stories from roleplaying games . 
  you should try sharing this at / r/dnd . 
  [ sorry buddy , no suspenders in steam boat willy ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/disney/images/4/4e/steamboat-willie.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160408005013 ) . 
  perhaps you are misremembering it from when [ his entire body got pulled on and deformed ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/7nqyzcdnmde/hqdefault.jpg ) ? 
  not true . 
  you can easily make a form on google forms which does n't require signing in . 
  `` require sign in '' is an option people can select when setting it up , to prevent people answering multiple times . 
  i did absolutely shit , but in my defence i 've never heard of like half these companies , and another quarter or so i 've heard of only through online comments about them . 
  got chartreuse wrong , but that 's one i 've * always * been bad at remembering . 
  i thought it was reddish the first time i heard the word , without having any point of reference . 
  it just * sounds * reddish . 
  the only other one i interact with regularly enough to be embarrassed about getting it wrong is kellogg 's . 
  and the reason for that mistake is pretty obvious : ending in a double gg are exceedingly rare . 
  ( in fact i 'm struggling to think of * any * consonant other than l and s where ending with a double is common , let alone the norm , in english . 
  t perhaps , particularly via french , and maybe r ? 
  z is rare enough in general . ), 
  so it 's a bit like the berenstain bear in that respect . 
  i would n't necessarily agree with that . 
  `` stein '' is a common name ending . 
  and it 's basically the definitive example of the mandela effect . 
  in that case , the people misremembering are simply applying a general rule that happens to be wrong in this case . 
  personally i feel that 's probably the same reason i misspell `` kellogg 's '' despite eating their cereal nearly every day for 8 years , and many , many times in other years besides . 
  it 's just not a natural spelling . 
  i 'm not entirely sure anakin was chaotic good . 
  sure , he was disillusioned by the jedi order , but remember he believed very strongly in the senate and in the * ideals * of the republic . 
  he just saw them ( somewhat * rightly * ) as twisted and corrupt , and thought that they were acting against him unfairly . 
  edit : in case it is n't entirely clear , i 'm arguing that he might have been lawful good , or at least neutral good . 
   wotc played around with adding 10 more spells ... and ultimately rejected the idea . 
  to be fair , they also rejected the idea of giving them * any * more spells . 
  personally , i have no problem with them overshadowing the bard in this respect , because i think that they 're a dumb class anyway ( or rather , bard-as-arcane-caster is dumb ) . 
  plus , they have significant non-magical capabilities in the form of bi , song of rest , countercharm , and the skills stuff . 
  plus whatever they get from their college . 
  remember , wizards ' advice in the `` modifying classes '' article was to avoid giving the sorcerer * any * extra spells , and then * in that very article * they gave the sorcerer extra spells . 
  it was pretty obvious of them to back down from that one . 
  still , giving them one extra spell per spell level instead of two is , as i said in my last comment , a really interesting compromise . 
  i rather like it . 
  it kinda ruins the idea i had for dragon sorcerers , which is that they 'd get one per level from being a dragon sorcerer , and one from the specific * type * of dragon . 
  but ah well , it 's worth it in the name of balance . 
  the hard part then is picking * which * spells . 
   a mere two metamagics for the first 10 levels is another hugely limiting factor . 
  it almost always defaults to one of the powerful options like twin or quicken and only one actual choice . 
  so another metamagic option seems like a good fix , and level 6 seems as good as any level to get it, 
  agreed . 
  i really like this change . 
   if it was once per day i think i 'd bump it up to half of the sorcery points, 
  tbh i think i 'd prefer this . 
  in general i do n't like mechanics where multiple short rests can be equivalent to a long rest , and if it 's 1/3 * every * short rest , that 's possible . 
  if it 's 1/2 after a short rest , once per long rest , that 's much more elegant , in my opinion . 
   i usually set mine to 50 % chance . 
  which made me laugh even harder when i got a mission to capture an enemy lord and the next 7 lords i defeated still escaped, 
  are you absolutely sure that ( a ) you set it to 50 % correctly , and ( b ) that it actually works in the way it intuitively should ? 
  the odds of getting 7 in a row that you fail to catch are less than 1 % .
