  just a different definition of hack . 
  does that include subfolders on the desktop ? 
  oh that 's genius . 
  i may have to do the same thing . 
  in korean , `` nae '' ( similar to nay ) means yes . 
  to rebalance it a little you could do 8 ( or even 10 ! ), 
  lots of 4d6 drop 1 , and then drop the top * and * bottom sets ( or top and bottom two ) . 
  and then if course there 's peoples , when referring to multiple cultures . 
  i agree that nuclear is great . 
  i far prefer renewable sources , but would like to see nuclear powering major cities as well . 
  but here 's the thing , i do n't consider it a vote swinging issue at the moment , and as it stands , i do n't think ** anyone ** should . 
  none of the three major parties ( labor , the coalition , and the greens ) are making any moves in favour of nuclear power , and even minor parties are n't really speaking up about it . 
  so i think anyone who decides * not * to vote green because of this issue is just kidding themselves . 
  that 's absolutely nonsense . 
  the greens are the strongest major party in support of internet rights ( have a look at what scott ludlam has been doing in the federal senate ) , they are strong supporters of the rights of australian citizens to things like good healthcare and education , and they believe in a strongly progressive taxes system -- one in which the poorest in the community pay the least amount of their income in tax , because losing that income to tax impacts them the most . 
  it 's probably worth noting that everyone who is eligible to vote should have an id anyway . 
  the id system in queensland involves sending every registered voter a card that counts as id for the purposes of the election to their registered mail address . 
  haha yeah . 
  the only reason i 've got no office suite on here is because it 's my dual-boot os that i use just for gaming . 
  trying to keep it really lean . 
  if you do n't mind , i might take a shot at writing up a little java applet to do this , borrowing off of the functions used in your spreadsheet for implementation . 
  no you 're right , it definitely is an issue worth talking about . 
  it 's just that when deciding who to vote for it is n't relevant , since none of the parties are doing anything to support it . 
  just a tip , do n't write ` & gt ; ` , just use '  ' . 
  reddit treats that as a blockquote , and the subreddit css converts blockquotes into greentext lines starting with '  ' . 
  also , for multiple lines , use paragraphs as normal on reddit . 
  i.e. , two blank lines between them . 
  for separating `` paragraph '' sections , use the ' **** ' separator . 
  yup . 
  many players may not know about these at all , and for those that do , it just never occurs to them to use it . 
  a gentle reminder that it 's an option , by having npcs use it , can really help . 
  wow that 's awesome !, 
  do the carvings in that have any actual meaning ? 
  as in , was made up purposefully from some fictional language , either of your own creation or otherwise ? 
  or did you just carve stuff that looked cool ? 
  and in-universe , what language is the writing meant to be ? 
   if the party is infamous ... guards recognizing them, 
  have guards go up to the party and say `` hey , i know you . '', 
  and then walk away . 
  vaguely reminds me of [ this story ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 2gyu4g/the _ virgin_wife / ) . 
  no fek you . 
  all true dnders play d&d tau edition . 
  i have to say , one thing i really love about this community ( that is , / r/dnd ) is that there * is n't * much edition warring . 
  sure it comes up occasionally ( especially in threads that ask for reasons people like/don ' t like x version ) , but it 's nearly always done in good taste , and everyone tends to be polite . 
  there are a few trolls about , especially ones who hate on 4e , but for the most part the rest of the community admonishes them for it . 
  so yeah , everyone just keep being awesome !, 
  as an aussie ( and therefore fellow metric user ) , i know that 6 feet is about 180 cm , because 30 cm rulers are one foot . 
  but i ca n't be arsed working out how tall 5 foot 11 is . 
  i just assume `` a little bit less than 180 '' . 
  5:40 am here right now . 
  just about to go to bed ... 
  ah cheers . 
  cool username , btw . 
  +7 i 'm in . 
  but i actually like psionics :(, 
  wait does that mean if one is a 3rd or greater generation australian , they 're on the minority ? 
  my grandfather was born in australia in the '20s , and i think he was second generation . 
  i would n't have thought that 's unusual , particularly if you limit it to white australians . 
  that 's an awful analogy . 
  stealing chocolate milk is something most people instinctively know is wrong ( at least by the time they 're adults ) . 
  the right to vote is a right given to every citizen in a democratic country . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
  if someone really wanted to express their right to vote , even though they thought they were n't allowed to , of course they would do research to check . 
  of course , what they * would n't * necessarily do is research * who * to vote for , because if it turns out they ca n't vote that would be completely wasted . 
  that would been a here move to the employer , but also would have been rewarding the old dude 's shitty behaviour . 
  i 'd rather not do that . 
  so she counts in a weird form of base 3 ? 
  i missed fatigue in rs2 . 
  yeah same . 
  i ended my membership in january or february 2007 . 
  hunting was around , though it was new enough that i do n't recall ever doing any of it . 
  and it 's spilling over to here something serious . 
  that jfa guy in particular is * really * worked up over this . 
  someone really needs to tell him to take a chill pill . 
  really ? 
  pa is playable on low end computers ? 
  i 've not tried it , or looked at official specs , but from dev videos of it , it looks pretty demanding . 
  and oh god yes i agree with you about the witcher . 
  mine crashed whenever i tried to go to the first place after the starting castle area . 
  i went and installed my own my updated wineskin wrapper , and it became playable -- barely . 
  it would still crash every hour or so . 
  do not recommend on os x. 
  had a great story , though , so on windows it 's a great choice . 
  a first generation i3 is definitely old . 
  and a higher-end late core2duo model would probably outperform it . 
  but i know how you feel . 
  my desktop has a core2duo ( e8500 , to be precise ) and a 9800 gt . 
  my laptop is much more recent , though . 
  ditto with aom 's re-release . 
  i 'm with you on the minties . 
  but rollups are the shit . 
  oh wow , i never knew that !, 
  i stopped early 2007 , a few months before all the hallabaloo with the ge and removing the wildy . 
  good point . 
  apparently they did . 
  i think a comment i saw in here said it happened about a month after the ge was introduced . 
  i also believe that they eventually put it back in . 
  i 'm not really sure , like i said , i quit before all this happened . 
  oh right !, 
  thanks !,
