  but manure serves a functional purpose , as do politics . 
  but he still advocates the separation of church and state . 
  not to mention , taking religion as ice-cream makes the metaphor even more apt : it 's nice , but not good for you , especially in large doses . 
  manure serves a functional purpose , even if it is n't pretty . 
  that was me for maths hl , which finished today . 
  and physics hl , which is coming up soon , too :\\, 
  i 'd guess it 's rugby union ( the kind of rugby usually meant when one simply says `` rugby '' ) that 's called football in nz . 
  queenslanders and new south welshmen will often call rugby league footy , too , but probably to a lesser extent . 
  edit : caps, 
   for the `` benefit '' of their kid, 
  ftfy, 
   we 're not * all * pornstars doing meth, 
  a concubine , typing up her partner ? 
  this seems somehow , wrong ... 
  i am so thankful to actually see someone recognise that each child is different . 
  ya did n't need to google for rugby league , it was in my comment above . 
  sorry i did n't capitalise . 
  the differences are not that many , but for the most part they 're fairly obvious , if you were to watch both games side-by-side . 
  points for a `` try '' ( the equivalent of a touchdown ) are 5 ( 7 if converted , done by kicking the ball through the goals off a tee afterwards ) in union , whereas 4 ( and 6 ) in league . 
  field goals in union are ( imo ) massively overpowered , worth three points , compared to only 1 in league . 
  if the ball goes out of `` touch '' ( the sideline ) in union they have a throw-in , very similar to soccer ( edit : actually basketball would be an even better analogy ) , in league a scrum ( too difficult to describe what that is ) . 
  scrums are done slightly differently in each , not really worth describing the difference . 
  union has unlimited plays , where after being tackled the carrier must pass the ball back to a team-mate , or else he is penalised ( i think it 's a scrum with the opponent 's feed , but i 'm not sure ) . 
  in league being tackled is part of the system , and once tackled play stops ( nowhere near as much as nfl , though ) and he rolls the ball under his foot to another player , who then usually passes . 
  you get 6 tackles before the ball is passed ; in practice this means after the 5th tackle they kick . 
  that 's pretty much all the major differences , with some terminology to boot . 
  haha , i 'm good . 
  in the middle of exams and stuff ( 3 months ago was a bad time to start on reddit haha edit : hence the late reply ) , but otherwise i 'm good . 
  yourself ? 
  i 'm actually a pc gamer mainly , but i far prefer the ps3 over the xbox . 
  there honestly is n't a single xbox exclusive that interests me , while ps3 exclusives frequently look amazing . 
  heavy rain , god of war ( i have played 1 and 2 on my ps2 ) , infamous . 
  it is , of course , only my opinion . 
  i 'm genuinely curious as to your opinion to the other assassin 's creed games . 
  i loved the first , but have a friend who hates it . 
  both of us love the series as a whole , though . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  and making race a single-option choice . 
  jackle is right , there are just so many amazing looking playstation exclusives . 
  keep in mind i have a ps2 that has n't been touched in years . 
  that 's the only serious gaming console i 've got . 
  as for the cross-platform games , which i agree is most games , i have a pc , which in my opinion is the superior way to play games . 
  it 's my opinion , and you 're entitled to your own , of course . 
  i ca n't actually make a comment on which of the three gets the best version and which gets the worst , since i have n't actually played on all three . 
  in my opinion , without having played a particular game to a serious degree ( at least , say , 5 hours ) on all consoles , one is n't in a position to really say which game has the worst port . 
  from there , you 'd need to do that with a large number of games , and do some statistical analysis , to work out if you can reliably claim that one gets , on average , the worst port . 
  haha yeah , i ca n't wait for the holidays !, 
  that stat is a bit of a misnomer . 
  lefties have a lower life expectancy because when operating certain heavy machinery and other right-handed designed tools , there 's an increased risk of lefties dying at a young age , say , 20s-30s . 
  if you were to discount this , any difference between life expectancy of lefties and righties would be minimal . 
  in college ? 
  i 've had it since late primary school ... 
  yeah , but then you got ta deal with dropbears . 
  british international school , ho chi minh city , vietnam, 
  what about ambidextroussies ? 
  ( for lack of a better word , hehe ), 
  yeah me too , i 've always used my right hand for scissoring . 
  haha i love that episode . 
  did you know matt groening ( simpsons creator ) is a ledge himself . 
  1/3 springfieldians are left handed because of this , compared to 1/9 in real life . 
  i 'm actually ambidextrous , and it 's always been natural for me to use scissors right handed . 
  however , there is a subtle curvature on all scissors , particularly extreme in the picture above , that makes it very awkward to use scissors left handed . 
  it 's not just scissors , either , many devices have this : some cutlery and higher end mouses to name two . 
  aside from the same hindrances as air , a water bender could feel vibrations of the water in the air . 
  urgh ... do n't get me started on lotr . 
  the scouring of the shire . 
  not directly related , but american soldiers during the korean war who were captured were frequently videos denouncing the american involvement in the . 
  sound familiar ? 
  side note : this is when the word brainwashing was invented . 
  one technique america tried when attempting to replicate it was hallucinogens . 
  sound familiar again ? 
  however , it actually turned out they were n't brainwashed at all , just saying it to prevent torture . 
  at the end of the war when they were released they completely supported america again . 
  as an 18 year-old aussi i can say i do n't remember it . 
  i do n't remember it meaning i could n't watch cartoons , i do n't remember it meaning people were all upset and worried , i do n't remember anything about it . 
  i have a few vague memories of the first anniversary of the event , but that 's it . 
  not really . 
  especially for non-americans , i think . 
  i 'm 18 and do n't remember a thing . 
  no , maybe it just was n't that big a deal for you at the time . 
  i 'm 18 now , an honestly do n't remember any of it . 
  i 'm not american , and i never watched much tv , so it did n't affect me very much at the time . 
  the point is that not * everybody * who is only 18 or 19 now remembered it . 
  i 'm only 18 and do n't remember a thing . 
  i do have a bad memory , but the point is one would n't have to have early-onset alzheimer to be 18 today and not remember 9/11 . 
  gramma42ton , and even more-so rasputine above him ( who you also abused for his comment ) , were making the point that some people could be fighting in wars today , but did n't even remember 9/11 . 
  no more than that . 
  sounds about right , 
  oh good , thanks . 
  i feel safer , now :p, 
  yes , so much this !, 
  mostly but not exclusively . 
  there are australians and other countries still involved in the war . 
  you can attest that rasputine was somewhat innacurate in his statement , but calling it horseshit is itself horseshit . 
  upvote for gaol, 
  sounds to me like both sides were douches . 
  it 's a douche move to ask a guy to stop leaning on your car when he 's not really doing any damage . 
  if he had clip-ins , especially , it 's a right pain to unclip and have to then reclip when traffic starts moving again . 
  on the other hand , once he was asked , the biker should 've shown he was the better person , which flipping him off does n't do . 
  edit : not to mention , kicking `` the shit out of '' someone is definitely not a punishment that fits the crime of flipping someone off , under * any * circumstances .
