  say instead , `` one fifth sooner than '' , or `` in one fifth the time of '' . 
  sorry , just a pet peeve of mine . 
  thanks for the information , though , very worth knowing . 
  but the op asked for a noticeable * shift * , not a noticeable decrease . 
  by that reasoning , you might possible notice the change from 9.81 at the surface to approximately 10.6 at around 2900km . 
  it 's an 8 % change , so if bluecoconut is correct in stating 5 % is noticeable , then that point will be more than enough . 
  yes , i understand what he 's * trying * to say , but it 's just not , strictly speaking , correct mathematically . 
  it 's like saying `` one quarter cheaper '' , as opposed to `` one quarter off '' . 
  the former does n't really make sense , whereas the latter says that one quarter of the original price has been subtracted . 
  but earth is not a uniform sphere . 
  ( i 'm really only putting this here so that you look at orbitalpete 's comment , below , it 's got some very useful information , and a nice graph ), 
  one could also argue that someone who opposes abortion might ( in extremely rare cases ) have a stronger support for under-age rights , and thus say that if abortion has to be legalised for adults , it should also be for teenagers . 
  that 's what i feel is fair , anyway . 
  i feel that the problem with question 7 is that most people who oppose abortion will not be able to see past that bias and answer the question as it was intended , and will thus answer as you expect them to , rather than how i propose they probably should . 
  ( of course , since the people who oppose it are generally conservative , they 'd probably still say parental consent is necessary even if they did look past their bias . ), 
  any sort of mailing list that we can subscribe to in order to get more information as this develops ? 
  edit : i 've since found the mailing list , never mind about that . 
  i am interested to know , though , will this system learn about users ? 
  will an individual be able to create an account and have it learn their style , much in the way voice recognition does today ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i was merely pointing out the slight inaccuracy of the op 's question ( although it was somewhat clarified in the description ) . 
  pretty much right . 
  it 's aggregate [ supply and demand ] ( http://ctaar.rutgers.edu/gag/notes/ans23.gif ) . 
  by giving everyone more money , you increase the demand . 
  supply will remain constant , but the shift of demand to the right means more will be produced , but at a higher price . 
  various other things happen , that i wo n't get into , that actually result in a decrease of supply . 
  imagine drawing this onto the diagram , and you see a constant level of output , at a higher price . 
  this is inflation . 
  i 'm not sure that 's a good explanation . 
  if you give everyone more money , demand increases . 
  [ this ] ( http://ctaar.rutgers.edu/gag/notes/ans23.gif ) graph shows that happening . 
  you have a higher price level , but more things are produced . 
  people ca n't stop working , because although they have more money , the price has risen . 
  in fact , they will have to bid for higher wages . 
  higher wages cause greater production costs , which shows as a shift to the left of the supply curve in that diagram . 
  the end result is no change in output , at a higher price . 
  your argument is way to complex for me . 
  ah , interesting . 
  how far are we from seeing this used in the wild ? 
  about that spoiler , i 've completed the college of winterhold quest line , and have n't encountered that . 
  i 've had many people talk about how ( prior to the events of the game ) the city of winterhold was largely destroyed , and the citizens of winterhold blame it on the college , but nothing about what you mention in the spoiler . 
  do people actually say kleenex rather than tissue ? 
  hoover 's another one that i 've heard used as an example , but never actually seen real people use . 
  esky , on the other hand , is so genericised ( edit : in australia ) that i was 15 when i found out it 's a brand name , not a generic product . 
  ah , very interesting . 
  what do you call paracetamol ( as far as i know , that 's the generic name ) ? 
  i usually call it by the brand name panadol . 
  other users are correct , i 'm australian . 
  i 've edited to make that clear . 
  i loled at `` you are n't from around here are you '' , though :d . i love the internet . 
  that 's certainly an interesting thought , i guess ... 
  i would have thought that 's a rather extreme government intervention , though . 
  my economic theory is n't good enough to say why that 's a really bad idea , but i suspect that it is . 
  this thread is n't popular enough for you to need to worry about starting a flame war with that comment . 
  you 're not going to find any argument from me . 
  not that i agree . 
  i 'm just ... undecided . 
  ah yes , i know of tylenol . 
  i did not , however , know there was a second generic name . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  turns out both of them ( paracetamol and acetaminophen ) come from the chemical name , which is para-acetylaminophenol . 
  the young people of today think of nothing but themselves . 
  they have no reverence for parents or old age . 
  they are impatient of all restraint . 
  they talk as if they alone knew everything and what passes for wisdom with us is foolishness with them . 
  plato, 
  in their defense , science also gives us nuclear , chemical , and biological weapons . 
  there are good and bad things brought to the world by both , and i do n't think that that should be what we base our belief on . 
  our belief should be based on what we believe ( whether that be logic and facts or faith ) . 
  i also live in vietnam , although for only 5 years . 
  in my opinion , it 's probably a mix of these things . 
  you can get around very easily with english ( shops , taxis , and the like usually speak enough to get by ) , plus i usually only mix socially with people from my school , which is an international school , so they all speak fluent english . 
  there 's also the fact that vietnamese is just a difficult language to learn . 
  it 's incredibly tonal , meaning that words that are spelt the same ( they have accents on them , but the same ` letters ' ) are pronounced differently , and the untrained ear ( read : most foreigners ) will not notice the difference . 
  sure , you notice the difference when the two words are said one after the other , but not if both of them were put in sentences . 
  i loved this response . 
  i 've got a friend who says she 'd love to have lived back then , partly because of the music ( and partly due to cultural/societal changes etc. ) . 
  i 'm always too un-argumentative to point out that she also loves a lot of more recent music , and that women 's rights were nowhere near what they are today ( she 's quite feminist ) , and that today we can get such good access to useful content ( including great music from the past and present ) . 
  there really is no better time to live than now , in my opinion . 
  metric user here , so forgive me if i 'm wrong , but is n't 5 ' 13 '' more correctly written 6 ' 1 '' ? 
  odd , someone else said they got one in finland , and they said there 's was n't translated . 
  ctrl/cmd + f `` finnland '' to see it . 
  nor did i say it does . 
  i 'm atheist myself , but i just chose here to play the devil 's advocate ( if you excuse the pun ) . 
  qlwest implied that natural things are ( according to religious people ) caused by god . 
  things created by science are , obviously , created by science . 
  i just provided an example of where something * bad * came as a result of science . 
  but what qlwest claims is that all these bad natural things come from their god , and that good things like modern medicine came from science , and that this is a reason to trust science . 
  i was just playing devil 's advocate ( excuse the pun ) , by showing how bad things can also come from science . 
  as a reasoning atheist , i pointed out the flaw in his argument . 
  it 's what we call a `` true belief '' , but not a `` justified true belief '' , as in something that happens to be true , but without any , or with faulty , reasoning behind it . 
  i do n't care where your teachers are from . 
  they do not finish work at 3 . 
  sure , they may be finished teaching , but the amount of preparation and marking teachers have to do can be enormous . 
  when you consider just how important teachers are , you really should wonder why they are n't paid along the same lines as doctors . 
  in the study of economics , education and healthcare frequently come up as important industries for economic development . 
  think about it logically , teachers are what form the next generation . 
  rather than trying to fire more teachers , why not do something that will encourage more good teachers to sign up ? 
  try and get students and parents , and even the general public , to give them the respect they deserve . 
  * it took all my effort to keep my language civil there , but i think i did a good job *,
