  if you 've got the grades , then you 've got a place , there 's no * reason * to want to distinguish yourself from other applicants . 
  note that i 'm not saying that harvard and cambridge should suddenly just stop using essays and interviews . 
  the number of applicants they get , it would probably be unfeasible for them to do this . 
  i 'm just pointing out that if you can get into a good uni without needing to do an essay , that seems preferable to me . 
  that 's pretty cool !, 
  thanks . 
  ah fair enough . 
  that 's definitely not how my school treated it , so i guess my experience is a little different to yours . 
  if someone at my school had tried to do an essay on something as blatant as that , i really doubt they would have been allowed to . 
  i like that you mentioned the phrase `` new and novel idea '' , because those are the exact words we were told when first introduced to the ee . 
  that one 's not working for me . 
  i suspect it 's a us-only thing for now . 
  did you actually write `` may 4 '' ? 
  i found it did n't work with `` 4th may '' or `` 4 may '' , but only when i wrote `` may 4 '' . 
  loosely related note : i still ca n't believe that we do n't have a high-speed railway going from brisbane to melbourne , via sydney and canberra . 
  [ direct link to image for convenience ] ( http://www.peninsularity.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/wintonroadtrain-1024x717.jpg ) . 
  since res failed to load the image for me . 
   `` yeah but i do n't want to waste it on the greens . '', 
  urgh i fucking hate when people say this shit . 
  you ca n't waste your fucking vote . 
  our voting system is n't from the 1700s . 
  we have preferential voting for christ 's sake . 
  vote 1 greens , then put labor 2 , if you like the greens . 
  it wo n't waste anything . 
  i maintain that scott ludlum is n't . 
  ii like how the misspelling of abbott 's name is larger than the correct one . 
  hmm ... must be one of those weird google things that not everyone gets for whatever reason . 
  the fee according to [ this page ] ( https://www.ibo.org/become/fees/assessmentfees/ ) should be usd 820 for a student taking the ibdp with 6 subjects . 
  anything more than that is the school passing other costs to students . 
  it 's certainly not cheap , but it 's very much achievable to someone with lower-middle income parents . 
  ah my bad , no , it should have been five 7s . 
  this was for the ioc ? 
  i had a very similar experience . 
  the night before i and a friend skyped and gave each other extracts to do . 
  i got a poem from our anthology , i gave her a hamlet extract . 
  the next day , i get into the room and pull out the exact same poem i did the night before . 
  you can major in extended essays ? 
  ( i 'm kidding , of course . 
  i do softeng and actually share a lot of classes with electrical engineering students . ), 
  ouch man that 's shit . 
  in a school like that there 's no way i 'd even consider doing ib . 
  in a good school , though , i would absolutely defend it as the best high school curriculum out there . 
  sure , you * can * do more , but the norm is to do three . 
  i believe something like a third do 4 and some tiny percentage choose to to 5 . 
  that does n't make up for how terrible the system has been designed . 
  none whatsoever . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's a purely cosmetic easter egg . 
  damn that 's unfortunate . 
  usually australia is one of the last places to get these things . 
  guess we got lucky with this one . 
  based on / u/superskeptik 's comment , i 'm guessing that 's a reference to something . 
  what is it referencing , exactly ? 
  it 's the fact that you can take absolutely any subjects that 's the * problem * with it . 
  a 16 year old should not be doing three sciences and maths , or doing art , music and , drama . 
  at that age they should be getting a much more broad education . 
  personally i think ib is a little too strict , i think they should allow you to replace * any one * section with an elective from the other sections ( i 've gone into a little more detail [ here ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2013/01/28/problems-with-ib/ ) ) , but i would take the current system over a-levels any day . 
  oh fair enough . 
  actually it 's people like us ( third culture kids ) who have the * best * answer to this question . 
  someone who was born and grew up in the same town can answer the question with a single word , but it 's much more complicated if you grew up in a bunch of different places , and so dedicating yourself to actually answering the question means you 're much more drawn in than someone else might be . 
  the biggest problem with that was that the person seemed to be wanting to know the person 's family * heritage * , but was wording it really poorly : by asking for * nationality * . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm also new to it . 
  watched the movie and all the shorts in one night , and after that i started downloading the tv show . 
  watched the whole first season in 2 or 3 days , and i 'm currently waiting for the second season to be finished before i watch it . 
  it 's just so damn good ... 
  as someone with a keen interest in film soundtracks , i have to say i 'm in love with the soundtrack of this franchise . 
  [ i just wish my piano skills were good enough to be able to play this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1ebkk0fe7u ) . 
  in that case i 'm curious to hear your story . 
  you 're from a bunch of different places but would n't consider yourself a third culture kid ? 
  sounds interesting . 
   any location on earth, 
   every time i heard the blackberry message tone, 
  on that note , it 's probably a good idea to not use the default message/ring tones at all , to help avoid this sort of thing . 
  i 've not played the game , but i would argue that this is a fault of the game . 
  if it ca n't keep people interested in the game long enough for them to get to the best experience , then the gene has failed its job . 
  oh definitely . 
  any game is going to have some people it engages and some it does n't . 
  all i meant was that for him , it had n't delivered what he wanted . 
  that 's not necessarily a bad thing if what he wanted was n't what the majority wanted , or what the developers ' vision was . 
  pounds weight , or pounds currency ? 
  you should be required to reset the calculator immediately before the exam . 
  as soon as you go in , though , store important constants on relevant letters . 
  set g to 6.67 \u00d7 10 ^ -11 ( the gravitational constant ) , k to 8.99 \u00d7 10 ^ ( 9 ) , as well as whatever others you think are important , immediately after you sit in your seat ( if you 're allowed to go through the data booklet then , otherwise do it immediately when examination time or perusal time begins ) . 
  heck , if you 're lucky like i was , and they reset it a few minutes before you enter the room , then you could do this while still waiting outside . 
  that 's really the only tip i can give you . 
  best of luck !, 
  more of a left cunt , really . 
  the discussion ? 
  personally i prefer the [ political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org ) model which puts economic policies ( e.g. 
  taxes and subsidies ) and social policies ( which would include things like marriage equality ) onto separate axes . 
  a typical communist regime would be left authoritarian , while the sort of thing most redditors ( excluding libertarians ) support would be what this calls left libertarian . 
  actual libertarians are right libertarian by this model . 
  you would n't . 
  same with ser rather than sir ( which is something i never really understood ) . 
  that 's pretty much what mine looks like . 
  what do newer ones look like ? 
  we have them here in aus , too . 
  the 5-and-10 is fairly common in medieval-like fantasy . 
  lord of the rings did it , too , if memory serves .
