  it helps that in a huge portion of the state capital ( outside the cbd ) the footpaths are otherwise virtually unused , removing any potential risk for pedestrians . 
  in a more general sense , leaving it up to the cyclist to make the call means that they are going to choose the option with the best combination of safety and speed . 
  in places with a lot of pedestrians that 's nearly always going to be the road , since pedestrians slow the cyclist down a lot , and are a potential safety risk . 
  but when there are n't many pedestrians , and the road is dangerous , it 's stupid that in places the cyclist is * forced * to be on the road , or break the law . 
  at least where i am , two cyclists are legally allowed to ride side-by-side ( and a third can be overtaking them ) , so long as there is at most 1 metre between them . 
  of course , in busy traffic ( and this is important -- in low traffic the driver has no right to be mad at them ) this is still a douche move , legal or not . 
  no i definitely agree . 
  the * preference * will always be to stay on the road . 
  i just think it 's stupid that cyclists are n't even * allowed * on the footpath where it would be safer . 
  indeed , that 's basically what i said . 
  also foothpath is another synonym for those two . 
  but i feel like most people could work all that out themselves without needing a translation . 
  [ or a stopped car opens its door right in front of you . 
  ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-02-27/cyclist-car-doored-before-being-killed-by-passing-truck/6270058 ), 
  i guess i assumed they would n't , since i 'm both , and i 've always assumed most runners have at least some interest in general fitness and/or triathlons ( since most of the runners i know in real life do ) . 
  i do n't know about other states , but here in qld they definitely made a big deal about this being a new law . 
  maybe it already existed and they just wanted to reboot it , i dunno . 
  all i know is it 's a law now and oh god is it a good thing . 
   there is no such thing as a canadian accent, 
  there might be a few different accents , but it 's still perfectly fair to say `` canadian accent '' , just like people say `` american accent '' or `` british accent '' despite the enormous disparity in different accents from these countries . 
  in each case , it typically refers to the one most strongly associated with the country . 
  the `` british accent '' typically refers to received pronunciation , and `` american accent '' might refer to either a texan accent or a californian one ( particularly the one most mainstream actors seem to have ) . 
  would you mind recording yourself saying `` about '' in a few sentences and posting it up for us to hear ? 
  jean de florette and manon des sources . 
  a fantastic french two-parter . 
  also one i have n't actually seen yet , but really want to , run lola run , a german film that is supposedly along similar lines to sliding doors . 
  * the ending of season 2 of house of cards, 
  * the ending of the final season of chuck, 
  what 's coc ? 
   ruslan is the april fool i was going to protest this madness , but i got netflix instead . 
  brilliant , mods . 
  also only americans ( on account of the gpa question ) . 
  i have n't known 16 year olds , but it 's * extremely * common where i am for students to be 17 when they first start uni . 
  i was expecting the type of sunscreen , but this works too . 
  the original book actually ends after the point that the uk tv series ended season 1 . 
  that 's a little bit after the start of season 2 of the us series . 
  in the book , instead of killing mattie sorrin ( sp ) -- the girl for whom zoey barnes is the analogue in the us version -- he kills himself . 
  the uk tv series decided to have him kill mattie instead , and then the second series followed a fairly similar thematic line to the second season of the us version . 
  later books in the series were actually based off of the uk tv show , not the other way around . 
  [ here 's a link to that scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbpdrd9wxk ) if anyone wants to watch it , or perhaps show it to comic fans/star wars fans who do n't watch this show . 
  terrahertz surely ? 
  or peta - perhaps . 
  [ here 's a link to that scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbpdrd9wxk ) if anyone wants to watch it , or perhaps show it to comic fans/star wars fans who do n't watch this show . 
  [ here 's an actual video of the scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbpdrd9wxk ) ( [ skip to 1:36 ] ( https://youtu.be/erbpdrd9wxk?t=96 ) for that exact moment ) . 
  [ here 's that scene , with an anchor to the exact moment ] ( https://youtu.be/erbpdrd9wxk?t=95 ) . 
  the music this whole episode was just absolutely incredible . 
  the abc is another fantastic news source . 
  it 's weird that two nationally owned broadcasting corporations would be among the best and most unbiased news sources in the world , but there you have it . 
  edit : just wondering , are the downvotes because people think the abc * is n't * a good news source , or something else ? 
  and then there 's the dcau hawkman who is n't even a thanagarian . 
  he 's a human weirdly obsessed with thanagarian culture ( or more accurately , with hawkgirl ) who flies using artificial wings . 
  wait they changed captain marvel 's name to shazam ? 
  when was the new 52 ? 
  because i know young justice ( the tv show ) still had captain marvel , and it was a pretty recent series ... 
  personally i do n't read comics at all , but i can understand his point of view . 
  it 's not a matter of disliking the other side , necessarily , so much as how * enormous * an investment it is to get to know about one of the comic companies ' universe/multiverse , that the thought of looking at the other one at all is too daunting . 
  thus , the person ends up completely ignoring it . 
  i 'm this way with * both * marvel * and * dc . 
  i love the dc universe from what i 've seen on various tv shows ( the dcau , young justice , the recent live-action ` arrowverse ' ) , but there 's just too much to get involved in to start on dc 's comics , let alone marvel 's . 
   justice league animated ( s2 ) is now and forever some of my favorite ish on t.v. 
  it 's funny , i found the first three seasons of justice league ( that is , all of `` justice league '' and the first season of `` justice league unlimited '' ) really dull . 
  i only watched them fairly recently , and it just felt like there was absolutely zero progression , zero attempt at an overarching plot or anything like that . 
  having gotten into it * after * watching the much more recent young justice , it was just really dull . 
  it was n't until the last two seasons where the stakes were raised and things were going on that changed slowly over the course of the whole season that i really started enjoying the show . 
  this is also a big part of the reason i 'm loving the live-action ` arrowverse ' shows at the moment . 
  wow do they move the plot well . 
  have to say , i thought on the whole this was another fantastic episode . 
  i am absolutely loving this season so far !, 
  the whole thing with chang being mr miyagi was really well handled , being some cheap but good jokes to start , but then really touching towards the end . 
  the dean 's storyline was also great . 
  felt really believable for him . 
  i was n't a fan of the premise with the birds . 
  surely nobody actually believes that myth regarding moving the birds ? 
  it made it difficult to get engaged with that storyline . 
  that said , if i take the terrible premise as a given , it was handled well . 
  on the whole , a - from me . 
  ( sorry , / u/shorzen , for stealing your idea there . ), 
   their versions and lore has become skewered, 
  hahaha . 
  that 's an amusing thought . 
  i think you meant to say skewed , though :p, 
   mark hamill killed it, 
  as he always does , 
  speaking of which . 
  [ holy fuck was he good in the latest episode of the flash ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbpdrd9wxk ) ( minor spoilers for the latest episode in there ) . 
  those are n't great examples because even as kids you 're not meant to disagree with the parents ( at least in the lion king , i do n't think i 've ever seen bambi , though i imagine it holds true for that , too ... ) . 
  as someone typing this on my macbook pro with my nexus 4 at my side and my nexus 7 ( 2012 ) within reach , i 'm loving this swap over . 
  edit : eww ... fuck samsung though . 
  edit the second : the first edit was because my `` sent from '' was a samsung device . 
  looks like after you edit your post , it chooses a different one for you . 
  this second edit is just so my first edit does n't make me look stupid . 
  as someone typing this on my macbook pro with my nexus 4 at my side and my nexus 7 ( 2012 ) within reach , i 'm loving this swap over . 
  eh , if he 's doing literally nothing but browsing pages with text and a few images , it 's likely true that he 's not noticing any difference . 
  it 's only if you 're doing media intensive stuff like streaming video or downloading large files that the difference is going to be noticeable . 
  yeah i agree completely . 
  people complain about alignment largely because ( it seems to me ) that they treat it as a prescriptive thing . 
  you have a certain alignment , and therefore you must play to it . 
  personally , i see it as descriptive . 
  it 's a handy way of letting other players know roughly how you 'll behave in general . 
  you are n't guaranteeing that you will always behave in a way completely consistent with your alignment , just giving a general guideline .
