  safari + macos works too . 
  gods damn it chrome why you got ta be the only one that does this poorly . 
  actually , no . 
  there was some talk about accounts being compromised on a number of sites , including reddit , because of a ddos protection service they use ( i.e. , not a vulnerability in the site itself ) , but it turned out reddit stopped using cloudflare long before its vulnerability window . 
  i 've been very vocally against this twitch integration , but the fact that they 've been hacked in the past is actually not a good reason against them . 
  it 's pretty well understood that even in the best security system , hacks and leaks are possible . 
  what the security industry expects a reliable company to do is to not make really amateur errors like unhashed and unsalted password stores . 
  and perhaps more importantly , they expect that when a company discovers it has been subject to a vulnerability , they respond to it post haste . 
  that includes doing what they can to fix the problem , and also communicating the problem to the public so everyone can know how they might be affect . 
  twitch did quite a good job of this when they were hacked , so it really should not be seen as too much of a black mark against them . 
  i find it super weird that chrome uses its own font renderer , while firefox does n't . 
  meanwhile , firefox has its own root certificate store , while chrome taps in to the store of the os . 
  why could n't they just be consistent . 
  ah well . 
   ellie or anyone else had a knack of flagging down enemies ... when trying to do stealth takedowns and thus making the enemies aware of you , uggggh . 
  sorry to break it to you , but no she does n't . 
  they specifically designed the game so that zombies * ca n't * detect you based on what she does . 
  it 's been a major point of criticism by many because it can break immersion if she 's running around in front of zombies but not being detected . 
  what 's douchey about it ? 
  i flicked through the comments on the first 9 posts , and never really saw any sign of douchiness . 
  closest i got was on the very first thread , where there was * one * little chain that started when one user posted a comment that made no sense , and the op asked them nicely to reword it , then a other user got all uppity about it . 
  even if you somehow thought that interaction was douchey , it 's only one little subthread out of the whole subreddit . 
  you could ready an action to attack back at anything that hits you , then start backing away . 
  if someone hits you with an oa , you hit them back . 
   and change them every 30-90 days, 
  no , you should n't . 
  requiring maximum password durations is regarded as a bad idea , because it results in users selecting weaker passwords , and they end up changing them only slightly anyway . 
  check the resources in the sidebar . 
  homebrewery is a good easy way to start . 
  this post is being removed for violating post requirement 1 . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
   since prestige classes do n't exist anymore and have been largely been replaced by archetypes, 
  prestige classes have been introduced to 5e for over a year now , via the unearthed arcana [ prestige classes and rune magic ] ( https://media.wizards.com/2015/downloads/dnd/ua_rune_magic_prestige_class.pdf ) . 
  if this idea makes the most sense as a prestige class , make it a prestige class . 
  just make sure to follow the guidelines , which includes having it be a very particular flavour with a heavy roleplay aspect to it -- and not just a bunch of cool new mechanics . 
  archetypes are about a specialisation within a field . 
  a wizard who is particularly good at evocation spells , a cleric who worships a god of storms , a rogue who prefers to strike first and strike hard before fading away . 
  trying to introduce a completely different concept as an archetype is kinda missing the point . 
  but more importantly , from a mechanical perspective , subclasses often work in a particular way . 
  warlocks are perhaps the strictest option , with a first level feature that strongly reinforces the flavour , a 6th level ability that focusses on skills or avoidance , a 10th level ability that focusses on defence ( and especially damage reduction ) , and a 14th level ability that again strongly reinforces the main theme and acts as a sort of archetype capstone . 
  they * always * follow this format , so trying to apply a broad template like you have is likely to make a bad warlock patron . 
  patrons are also one of the heaviest in terms of flavour . 
  you 're forming a faustian pact with a devil for more power , secretly tapping in to a lovecraftian horror 's powers , or bargaining with a powerful fey to save a loved one at the cost of your first born son . 
  that sort of thing . 
  again , without applying some specific explanation of what the nature of the * patron * is , a warlock subclass can not exist . 
  to look at just one more little example , clerics get one of two things at 8th level . 
  potent spellcasting , which allows them to add wis to cantrip damage , or divine strike , which allows them to add 1d8 ( scaling to 2d8 ) to weapon attacks . 
  they also have at least one channel divinity option , gained at 2nd level ; some get additional channel divinity options at 6th level . 
  and , of course , they have domain spells . 
  none of which these options conform to . 
  clerics also worship a particular divine domain . 
  and that means gods who are the god over that domain . 
  domains tend to be quite broad . 
  a domain of `` medicine '' or `` disease '' might make sense ( although would be difficult to thematically distinguish from `` life '' or `` death '' , respectively ) , but `` cancer '' is probably too specific . 
  the basic point i 'm trying to make is that subclasses can not be bulk created like this . 
  they need to be hand crafted to conform to the requirements of that class , both in terms of matching the types of mechanical features they get , and making sure they have an appropriate flavour that explains why this type of power is being associated with this class . 
  if you want to bring forward something which was a prestige class , making it a prestige class is your best option . 
  yeah its trailer went semi-viral back in january as essentially `` the russian avengers '' . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge megathreads . 
  failing that , you can try asking in the latest arcana forge . 
  best of luck . 
  untouchable is way too powerful . 
  it should have a `` once per short rest '' limitation on it , and even then i worry that it overshadows dark one 's own luck , especially since this is already such a heavily combat-oriented patron . 
  warrior 's resilience is a strictly better version of fiendish resilience , since you can choose it at the moment you take damage . 
  i would suggest changing it to be the same as what fiend warlocks get . 
  i have no serious problems with the 1st and 10th level abilities . 
  my biggest problem with this , however , is flavour . 
  erinyes are devils , and devils are fiends . 
  if you want to have an erinyes as your patron , the best option is to just take the fiend option as it exists in the book . 
  * maybe * just with the spell list changed to have the smiting options . 
  did n't expect to see you here . 
  if you 're interested , though , a lot of the best stories can be found [ in our hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) , which is a curated selection of some of the greatest classics , and some lesser known gems . 
  we have a very , * very * good voting system . 
  but it 's not without its flaws . 
  compulsory voting and not needing id are fantastic . 
  stv in the senate is great . 
  irv in the reps is nice , but kinda lacklustre . 
  it 's leaps and bounds ahead of fptp , to be sure , but if we used stv or some proportional system in the lower house as well , it would be even better . 
  anyone who does n't care for the corporatisation of one of our sporting landmarks still calls it lang park . 
  no tengwar or cirth ? 
  also , i do n't know if this is intentional/known or not , but the sizes of fonts are highly inconsistent . 
  pulsian is so small that it 's totally illegible , and ancienthylian is n't much better . 
  a few fonts do n't display any numbers in the sample , but i suspect you knew that based on the sidebar . 
  what might * not * be intentional is that galach is * entirely * the roman script . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge threads . 
  also consider asking on the latest arcana forge megathread . 
  best of luck . 
  you need * triple * backslashes , actually . 
  the first backslash escapes the second . 
  the third one escapes the underscore . 
  it sounds like a prequel to house m.d. , if it were nevertheless set today . 
  there was a post on there listing what companies are against trump , so trumpsters could boycott them . 
  i left a comment saying they should boycott reddit , since the admins are vocally anti trump . 
  i think this happened a few hours after the / r/blog post about it , actually .
