  the entire time i was doing my statistics options topic in maths , this is all i could think about ... 
  it 's so much more poignant this way . 
  even if they were willing to have gratuitous violence etc. , they could n't have done the scene any better than they did . 
  yeah i wish it was n't a miniseries . 
  like many people have pointed out in the past , some of the best character development et cetera was from other writers , so if it were n't a miniseries they could have had more of that . 
  other than that , i like it how it is . 
  maybe if nick would relax their rules just a tad ( so that we did n't have to see all those parachutes ) , but no more than a little . 
  yeah i agree , a lot of the humour feels terribly forced or out of place . 
  i dunno , i feel that a lot of the humour did n't feel right . 
  i dunno if i 'd call it forced or what , but definitely not well executed . 
  in futurama 's case ( although i did n't know they had changed stations , i have n't followed it ) , that 's probably just because of sheer numbers . 
  no show can continue indefinitely at the same quality , it 's just the way things are . 
  you look at great shows like blackadder , with just 4 seasons and a special ; or the office , with only two seasons and two specials . 
  obviously , closer to home , we 've got avatar , which only had three seasons of awesomeness . 
  ( on the flip side , korra seems to have been written for less episodes than it needed to reach its full potential , but that 's another story . ), 
  what amazes me is just how badly you 've been downvoted for telling what they should be doing anyway . 
  i suppose when it 's tumblr it 's not * quite * as bad , since ( afaik , anyway ) tumblr does n't provide stats , and there 's no way the person 's making money from it , but that still should n't prevent people from exhibiting common curtesy . 
  i laughed at some of his jokes in the more recent episodes , but ( and i know this is an unpopular opinion ) i just do n't find fart jokes funny in the slightest . 
  just checking , when you say le sac , is that short for le sacre du printemps ? 
  what 's the beethoven quote ? 
  my favourite theory is that the republicans are saving their more sane choices for 2016 , because defeating an incumbent president is more difficult . 
  just remember , the `` slipper slope '' argument is n't full of crap . 
  it * does n't exist * . 
  slippery slope is n't an argument , it 's a logical fallacy . 
  it is n't punishment , it 's business ( not that that makes it ok ) . 
  put simply , the high the likelihood of insurance being paid out , the higher the cost of said insurance . 
  it 's like betting , lower odds mean you pay more for the same output . 
  i 'm not defending the action , necessarily , but it does at least make sense . 
  no , it 's not a slippery slope . 
  by * definition * the slippery slope is not an argument for making your point . 
  it 's a * logical fallacy * . 
  haha that is a good quote . 
  it reminds me of one , but unfortunately i remember neither the speaker nor the exact quote . 
  the musician was complaining about how difficult the music was , and the composer asked if the notes were available on his instrument , and then said that it 's up to the performer to figure out how to play the piece . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  very interesting point . 
  thanks . 
  hahaha no worries , that was pretty clearly sarcastic . 
  a logical fallacy is simply the attempt to make an argument in a way that is fallacious ( i.e. , false ) . 
  it means that while the argument that 's being made might * seem * somewhat logical and understandable , it does , in fact , lead to an incorrect conclusion . 
  some other common examples are :, 
  `` appeal to authority '' , where one assumes an argument is correct because the person making it is in a position of authority ;, 
  ad hominem , where one attacks the person making the argument , instead of rebuffing their actual points ( poisoning the well is a specific type of this , where you present information about a person in order to try and discredit what they say ) ;, 
  argument from silence , you conclude something based on lack of contrary evidence , or based on someone 's refusal to say anything ( this is why the `` right to remain silent '' exists ) . 
  the `` slippery slope '' fallacy ( in this case ) is where people argue that one thing will inevitably lead to another , which will lead to another , terrible thing , and thus we must avoid the first . 
  the simple fact is that we ca n't know this for certain in almost all cases , and thus the slippery slope `` argument '' is fallacious . 
  interestingly , there 's another completely separate fallacy with the same name , whereby because we can not give a definite distinction between two things , they do n't exist . 
  the staple example is that if you have zero hairs , you 're bald . 
  would you call someone with a single hair bald ? 
  probably , but how about 2 ? 
  et cetera , and by the fact that we ca n't come up with any meaningful distinction that is n't some arbitrary number , therefore there is no difference between bald and not bald . 
  but that 's completely unrelated . 
  i 'd like to respectfully disagree . 
  saying `` the aca mandate will require everyone to either buy insurance or pay a penalty '' is simply acknowledging the direct effects of the aca mandate , and is not a slippery slope in any way , either fallacious or otherwise . 
  the argument is fallacious when it assumes that a will lead to b , which will lead to c , et cetera . 
  yes , if each step is thoroughly established as correct of course it is n't fallacious , but in every case i 've seen in this thread these steps have not been established , and are as such fallacious . 
  you 're absolutely right that it is n't * necessarily * fallacious , but the only way it is n't is when every step has been thoroughly established to be correct . 
  in most cases when the term slippery slope is used ( and , indeed , every case that i 've seen on this thread ) , that has not been done , so they are fallacies . 
  however , in cases where it is a fallacy , by definition it can not be a valid argument , so that part of your sentence is not correct . 
  [ i actually just did to someone asking the exact same question as you ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/vsohj/to_everyone_finding_it_so_crazy_that_some_people/c57fw84 ), 
  either that or , as civilengineer said , it 's for the company and the friends . 
  there are no arguments that the earth is n't round . 
  yes , this is absolutely correct . 
  the only problem is that * in practise * the relationships are almost never correctly established . 
  i realise it 's a hasty generalisation to say that all slippery slopes are fallacious , but when i 'm explaining it to people who use the term when they are clearly using it in a fallacious way , i just feel it 's easiest to tell them that . 
  it is true that there are cases when it 's a valid argument . 
  this requires every step 's effects to be causally related in a logical way , and in practise i have never seen this happen . 
  i realise it 's a hasty generalisation to say it never applies , but when i see people use the term incorrectly i feel it easiest to simply tell them not to use it in that way . 
  however , the example you 've given is very much fallacious . 
  in what way can you determine that because there is a tax for people without healthcare , then the government surely must next turn to taxing people without their approved brand of baseball bats ? 
  it 's a completely fallacious argument . 
  ah , thanks for the explanation regarding futurama . 
  out of interest , is the simpsons still aired on fox ? 
  yeah , i agree with how bizarre it is that korra did n't get more episodes initially than it did . 
  i think what made it even more rushed is that they initially wanted , and had planned for , a longer first season ( ca n't remember where i read that , so i could be completely wrong ) . 
  i 'm sorry , but i really do n't think you should be `` proud '' of someone for choosing the same as what you prefer . 
  that implies that one is explicitly better than the other . 
  sure , you prefer android ( so do i ) , but that does n't mean it 's better . 
  it 's like being proud of someone because they chose the steak rather than the chicken at a restaurant . 
  ( really terrible analogy , i know . ), 
  edit : also , related to what some other people have mentioned , it could be that she considered android straight away , not because of any explicit `` oh , i can get support from him '' , or because you explicitly have been making the argument , but simply because you use it , so she subconsciously just thought that must be the way to go . 
  it 's not because of your explicit bias , but your implicit bias ( or something like that -- i really feel i have n't expressed what i mean in the best possible way here ) . 
  that could be because these days the vast majority of mobile phones are smartphones , even low end ones . 
  last time my dad bought a mobile phone , it was a smartphone running android just because that 's what was there and cheap . 
  he did n't decide to buy android because it 's best , just because it 's what 's there , i 'm not sure he even knows what android is , or if he does , then what version he 's running . 
  it * could * be that , it also might not . 
  just providing the counterargument . 
  seriously ? 
  the company might suck , but its products do n't . 
  i personally choose to just ignore all this legal stuff , because it gives me the shits . 
  just use whatever products you think do the job best for you , and do n't worry about the company 's legal practises . 
  remember , apple only does this * because it can * . 
  the crux of the problem is the legal system , not the companies exploiting it . 
  i 've got my bit done , but ca n't submit a self.feedforward post , so i 'll just put the link [ here ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sh/b7l6hevgo24j207/xftmdtrhic/test ) . 
  if you or anyone else wants an invite to the dropbox folder just ask ( if everyone did this it would make the process a lot simpler as we would have a single common repository for all files related to this ) . 
  if you do n't have an account , you can try [ this link ] ( http://db.tt/e3puspt ) to get one with an extra 0.5 gb . 
  the sibelius file is sibelius 6 , but if anyone wants an older version ask and i 'll convert . 
  also , bonus points if anyone knows where i got the thematic material from . 
  edit : by the way , one thing i thought of that might be interesting is if people ( optionally ) wrote a little bit about what they were thinking when they did their bit , to be shared with others once the project is completed . 
  i 've got my bit done , but ca n't submit a self.feedforward post , so i 'll just put the link [ here ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sh/b7l6hevgo24j207/xftmdtrhic/test ) .
