  the basic premise is that a group of teenage kids are out camping on a public holiday , when australia gets invaded by a foreign country . 
  the get back to find out the entire country has been overtaken . 
  it 's probably one of the best novels i 've ever read that 's targeted specifically at teens . 
  i reread the first few books a couple of years ago and still thought it held up . 
  definitely dealt with some pretty serious ideas in a very mature way . 
  ninjaedit : got ta be honest , i did n't expect many people to know it . 
  as far as i 'm aware , it 's only really well known in australia . 
  the movie 's also nowhere near as bad as eragon or avatar were . 
  i partly included it just to give it some exposure . 
  you talking about the james cameron flick , or the m night shallamalpaca film based on the tv series avatar : the last airbender ? 
  if their filesystem is vulnerable to terminal injection attacks * , they 've got bigger problems to worry about . 
  \\* i 'm calling it that because i do n't know if it has a proper name , and it 's similar to an sql injection attack , only using terminal commands instead . 
  wow interesting . 
  three out of the 6 players in my current campaign started that way ( i do n't know how the others started ) . 
  one of those three was even less invested to start off with . 
  he just roleplayed a summoned spirit bear by one of the other characters -- ended up building a full homebrew class out of that bear long after his original summoner had left the game . 
  yeah no thanks . 
  i 'm happy not knowing . 
  all the more reason to go with the big duck . 
  ah yes , shell injection . 
  that * is * a term i 've vaguely heard before . 
  cheers . 
  i love that their update message is about as long as the actual article was anyway . 
  it 's the first in [ a series of books by australian author john marsden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomorrow_series ) . 
  the basic premise is that a group of teenage kids are out camping on a public holiday , when australia gets invaded by a foreign country . 
  the get back to find out the entire country has been overtaken . 
  it 's probably one of the best novels i 've ever read that 's targeted specifically at teens . 
  i reread the first few books a couple of years ago and still thought it held up . 
  definitely dealt with some pretty serious ideas in a very mature way . 
  got ta be honest , i did n't expect many people to know it . 
  as far as i 'm aware , it 's only really well known in australia . 
  the movie 's also nowhere near as bad as eragon or avatar were . 
  i partly included it just to give it some exposure . 
  copied and pasted from above . 
  i did manage to get it to run on my mbp using those instructions . 
  even then , it runs like crap , with crashes almost hourly ( forcing you to save very frequently ) . 
  honestly , this is a game you probably need to just give in and run on windows . 
  it 's like a dumbed down microsoft office , but without the advantages of being in the cloud that you get from google drive/docs . 
  the others are good suggestions . 
   performing any of this music still could potentially get you in trouble, 
  yeah i 'm gon na need something more solid before i believe that . 
  it only allows public domain scores to be put on its site ( with warnings if it 's only pd in certain areas but not others ) , which by definition means you can perform it legally . 
  i personally do n't use any form of taxi-like transportation , so it does n't particularly matter to me either way . 
  that said , if uber is better for the customer than taxis , unless they 're run by hitler , i 'd still see it as worth supporting them over the taxis . 
  maybe i 'd support lyft over uber if they were available , too , because of this . 
  that sounds like a problem with your players , not with the system . 
  my group looks at all of our various options , picks one that seems like it will be effective , and does it . 
  because the battlefield is always changing ( partly because a lot of us have powers that involve forced movement ) , exactly which power that is will be different more often than not . 
  one member of my party first joined by roleplaying a summoned spirit bear ( summoned by the party 's shaman or something ) . 
  after said summoner left the game , the spirit bear player kept playing , so we fleshed it out to a full character . 
  his character is basically a paladin as far as mechanics are concerned , but everything about him is refluffed because he 's a god damn bear . 
  ( no attempts to bluff as human , though . 
  just strait up spirit bear . ), 
  it 's hard , but it 's certainly not impossible . 
  if you put in the hours and keep a good study ethic , make sure you understand stuff ( and * ask * someone if you are n't sure about anything ) , and do lots and lots of past papers , it 's definitely doable . 
  for a bit of background , what pre-ib course are you taking ? 
  i 'd think handedness would be a useful here . 
  mechanical pencils are much worse for left handers . 
  they break far too easily because you 're pushing them into the paper . 
  hmm ... 
  it 's been a while since i studied that poem in school . 
  which line are you referring to ? 
  analysing metre has never been one of my stronger points . 
  yes i 'm aware of how these commands would work if entered into the shell directly . 
  but if the shell treats the filename as an actual shell command , then there 's a serious problem . 
  little bobby filesystems , in this case . 
  [ this link will give you both the original story of sir bearington , and the more well-known greentext version of it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dndgreentext/comments/2dpqop/the_original_story_of_sir_bearington/ ) . 
  i assume that 's what you 're referring to . 
  it 's injection in the same way sql injection is injection . 
  sql injection , in its most well-known form , involves much the same technique . 
  you use something that causes the system to think input has ended ( ' /  , and then after that you put code that will be executed ( `` drop table * '' / `` rm - r / * '' ) . 
  who the fuck holds their pencil at that angle ? 
  you 're obviously going to need the physics and maths for that , but are you sure the chemistry is necessary for mecheng ? 
  i know my uni recommends chemistry for * all * engineers , but for many disciplines it 's not a requirement or even particularly helpful ( i got in to software engineering and did n't do chemistry ) . 
  you 're doing the ibo 's pre-baccalaureate maths course ? 
  i do n't really know much about its difficulty ( i did igcse ) , but if you 're getting 84 % that 's probably a sign you 'll be absolutely fine with hl maths . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone write like that . 
  i searched for `` handwriting '' on youtube , and [ this video ] ( http://youtu.be/jawa5qw065k ) was the first relevant result ( the very first result was about graphology ) . 
  he holds his pen a out 10 degrees from the vertical . 
  in [ this other video from the first page of searches ] ( http://youtu.be/fkao8ma2nzu ) she seems to hold it about 60 degrees from the vertical , although we do n't ever get a very good a great to see it at . 
   you weird pencil-dragging * freak * . 
  i 'm a leftie . 
  i push . 
  make fun of that if you feel petty enough . 
  but your vertical technique definitely is n't the norm . 
  eh , considering owen 's poem is mostly in english , i do n't think it 's a huge sin to have the pronunciation changed . 
  most of english is iambic , and certainly that 's what you usually expect in english poetry . 
  it might not be entirely true to the original latin pronunciation , but to me the english pronunciation makes for more sense . 
  i 'm having trouble figuring out how to say it the other way at all . 
  it just seems * wrong * . 
  dnd 4e does so much better than other versions in this respect . 
  wizards -- like all classes -- have a number of powers to choose from . 
  some are dailies and can be cast only once per day . 
  some are encounters , limited to one per encounter . 
  and some are at-will , and you can use it as much as you please . 
  unfortunately , 5e went back to the way previous editions worked , though i think it may be slightly simplified . 
  in this case , i preferred the picture because the pacing and delivery in my mind as i read it was much funnier than how it actually played out . 
  people still use degrees for rankine , which is an absolute scale with a delta equal to that of fahrenheit . 
  that really bothers me . 
  you silly people with your unsigned ints .
