  yeah , i just thought the tears were because she was overwhelmed with emotion at seeing jinora finally be given her tattoos and made a master airbender . 
  they fixed that problem somewhat by putting a dagger next to controversial comments . 
  thanks for that . 
  [ here 's a link to the same page , for anyone interested ] ( https://translate.google.com/#zh-cn/en/%e4%bf%9d%e5%ae%89%e9%9a%8a ) . 
  the first translation is `` peace preservation corps '' , but alternate translations include `` security unit '' and `` security team '' . 
  yeah , that 's what the credits on the actual episode say , too . 
  one thing i 've found interesting is that even with the titles of spirits and change , lok seems to have continued the cycle . 
  lok s01 was obviously air , but then s02 was majorly themed around water ( for example , with the civil war ) , and then s03 had a huge amount of earth ( with the focus on metalbending ) . 
  i 'm hoping that there 's a lot of fire-based stuff in season 4 . 
  when studying history in high school , a lot of the stuff that was talked about regarding comradery of the troops as propaganda to get people to sign up for the world wars seemed very homoerotic to me , but quite obviously was n't seen that way at the time . 
  considering when tolkien wrote the hobbit , i do n't think it 's too surprising that there was a similar vibe , and that it was almost certainly not intentionally meant to come across in that way at all . 
  i prefer it this way . 
  i small imgur link loads much more quickly than a tumblr page , not to mention working with res . 
  ( i know res sort of does twitter , but i find it works very poorly with that . ), 
  but anyway [ here 's the link ] ( https://twitter.com/janetvarney/status/502845975610662912 ) for anyone who wants it . 
   you knew what why i meant though, 
  huh ? 
  but seriously , i had to read your title a few times before i got what you meant . 
  thought at first it was the number 100.00 . 
  your mistake is even worse than i thought . 
  i thought you just misplaced the comma , and that you actually meant 10,000 . 
  but you ca n't edit titles , anyway . 
  something wrong with good old-fashioned books ? 
  nonsense !, 
  any respectable orchestra knows that only a professional blacksmith can play that part well , and will hire one and train him accordingly . 
  i 'm curious as to what you mean by `` a little more backstory '' . 
  [ he 's actually already voiced aku once before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greg_baldwin ) . 
  the episode with the time travel is quite possibly the creepiest thing i ever watched as a kid . 
  as a jim ... 
  thanks , i guess ? 
  i 'm not sure about the gap year thing -- most of my friends did n't take one , that i 'm aware of . 
  it would make sense , though . 
  most australians ( or at least queenslanders ) finish high school at the age of 17 . 
  one other thing that 's exceedingly common here is that you stay with your parents while going to uni . 
  in england and ( especially ) america , it seems that people normally go to another city to study , but in australia you 'll usually stay at home . 
  sounds like you were n't taught to type correctly . 
  you should always be reaching for the shift key with the hand that is not also going to be pressing the relevant letter . 
  on a standard qwerty keyboard , for example , a capital a would have its shift key pressed by the right hand , while a capital p has its shift key in the left hand . 
  this way , it 's every bit as easy as using caps lock for every letter of the alphabet . 
  two are arachnids , one is a spider , one is an insect , and one is a plant . 
  ( because a square is still also a rectangle . ), 
  i get the joke , but mate , come on . 
  we 've already got the daddy long legs and the fuckin ' funnel-web . 
  we do n't need to pretend daddy long legs are also venomous . 
  and one plant !, 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) called daddy long legs . 
  by far , two of these are the most commonly referred to by that name . 
  both are arachnids ( and as such , have 8 legs ) , but only one is a spider . 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) called daddy long legs . 
  by far , two of these are the most commonly referred to by that name . 
  both are arachnids ( and as such , have 8 legs ) , but only one is a spider . 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) that go by the name of daddy long legs . 
  one of these is , indeed , a spider . 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) that go by the name of daddy long legs . 
  one of these is , indeed , a spider . 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) that go by the name of daddy long legs . 
  one of these is , indeed , a spider . 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) that go by the name of daddy long legs . 
  one of these is , indeed , a spider . 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) that go by the name of daddy long legs . 
  one of these is , indeed , a spider . 
  there are three different animals ( and one plant ) that go by the name of daddy long legs . 
  one of these is , indeed , a spider . 
  they 're venomous , but not even close to harmful to humans . 
  the myth as i 've always heard it was that they would be the most venomous spider , if their fangs were long enough to pierce human skin . 
  stop talking out of your arse like that . 
  os x is n't ios . 
  it 's every bit as customisable as windows is . 
  some of my favourite things os x has that i have n't seen on windows . 
  anything by smile software . 
  pdfpen is just brilliant for making changes to pdfs , and it 's so much easier than anything i 've ever seen on windows . 
  textexpander is also incredible , although from what i 've seen there are apparently windows equivalents . 
  i 've never tried them , though . 
  daisydisk has been a life saver many a time . 
  never found a windows equivalent that 's nearly as good . 
  final cut pro is , hands down , the * best * video editor out their at the prosumer level . 
  having a native unix terminal has been so convenient for me at uni ( studying software engineering ) . 
  i do n't think i could live without one of each , because i also game a fair bit , and in general i like having access to both systems . 
  that 's without getting in to all the hardware reasons that i ca n't see why anyone for whom the price is n't an * enormous * issue would ever not get an apple computer as their laptop , if they have both a laptop and a desktop . 
  but apple is still so much better than microsoft when it comes to open source ... ( what with things like webkit . ), 
  his exact words , from memory , were `` no animation , just me in front of my webcam '' . 
  nobody is saying that . 
  they 're saying that , based on the information that we 've got so far , there is absolutely no reason to believe that korra may be anything other than straight . 
  since that is by far the most common , a deviation from that without a proper story arc would feel forced and out of place . 
  which it absolutely would . 
   rooting for two people, 
  but with bending . 
  damn , now i want community !, 
  to do an avatar episode next season . 
  that whole arc with m'gann in the second season was just amazing . 
  more likely ( at least , this is what happens frequently to me ) , alt/option was pressed when ctrl or command was intended . 
  it downloads instead of opening in new tab . 
  gon na guess it 's not unintentional . 
  in my ( australian ) uni they just use signal * detectors * . 
  if something goes off , they 'll know about it , and can take appropriate action , without outright blocking signals . 
  that 's not a story about the dangers of plagiarism , it 's a story about one dumb professor . 
  same goes if op is a teacher or professor . 
  which means it 's about 73 % of their total income , according to the results google gave me when i searched `` google revenue '' and took the 2012 result ( [ us$ 50.175 billion \\ ( 2012 \\ ) ] ( https://www.google.com.au/search?q=google+revenue&amp;oq=google+revenue&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60j0l2j69i60l2.1687j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=utf-8 ) ) . 
  it 's actually a lower percentage than i expected . 
  i 'm curious as to how much google then * pays out * in advertising revenue to sites displaying ads and youtube partners .
