  audience members would laugh at his ( often really bad ) jokes , and get to learn a bit about either the piece or the ensemble 's behind the scenes . 
   * a more casual dress code for both the symphony and the audience . 
  as a performer , i wrote enjoy getting dressed up for a concert , although i can also see the benefit of not doing so . 
  for audiences , every concert i 've been to has had pretty casual dress standards . 
  jeans and a collared shirt were well and truly enough . 
  i think this is exactly how it should be . 
   * smaller ensembles , more intimate performing spaces . 
  i 'm a huge fan of large orchestral works , and i do n't want to see them performed by a small chamber orchestra . 
  this point is n't feasible for a lot of music . 
  that said , it would be nice to see more availability to smaller , more intimate performances when the piece does n't require a large orchestra . 
   * almost a `` duh '' , but cheaper tickets . 
  agreed , although again , prices for concerts where i 've been have been pretty reasonable . 
  tl ; dr lots of circle jerky agreeing with the person before me . 
  in queensland ( and probably the rest of australia ) you always give way to the right . 
  if both of you have stop signs and are going straight ahead , whoever 's on the right of the other had right of way . 
  does n't master who arrived first . 
  i 'm surprised you guys across the pacific do n't have this law . 
  it 's incredibly efficient . 
  ( in your case it would obviously be give way to the left since you drive from the left of the vehicle . ), 
  you live somewhere that drives on the left ? 
  ( e.g. 
  otherwise , that seems really bizarre . 
  logically giving way to the side you can see best is the safest way to do it . 
  if you suit on the left of the car ( drive on the right side of the road ) , you can most easily see the left , so it makes sense to give way to the left . 
   not as bad as the wifi privacy blow up, 
  you mean that compete nonevent where the technophobic german government got up google for spring publicly available information about wifi networks as their street view car was going around ? 
  blame the law , not google . 
  hats are rare ? 
  i mean , yeah hats like * this * are n't very common , but people go around in caps or more casual hats with brims all the time where i am ... 
  here 's the info from my uni :, 
   the master of engineering science ( mengsc ) degree is a 3-semester ( full-time enrolment at # 8 per semester ) program . 
  a 1 year ( 2 semester ) program is offered to students who have a four-year degree in the same field . 
  yeah , you listed holding glove in left hand as one of your left-handed attributes . 
  however , holding a glove in your left hand is actually a right handed thing to do . 
  it would be like saying you hold your fork in your left hand , therefore are just handed with that . 
  the fork is typically held in the non-dominant hand , while ire is the * knife * that is held in the dominant hand . 
  probably worth asking where someone 's from . 
  you 've got a 20 or under age option , but since the legal age for most of the world is 18 , it seems odd that you would be unable to distinguish whether or not a person is legal . 
  i think you should be whatever you are . 
  as others have said , handedness is a complete spectrum . 
  you can have any combination of things imaginable . 
  doing certain things completely left handed , others completely right handed , and yet others at any level of confidence for each hand . 
  but that bit about catching is completely normal . 
  i throw and bowl ( either cricket or 10-pin ) left handed , and prefer to catch left handed ( well , prefer both hands really , but single-handed i 'm better with my left ) . 
  however , in baseball you have that glove for a reason : you can catch easily even with your weaker hand , and then switch to the other hand to throw . 
  i would wear a baseball glove on my right hand . 
  chrome for ios and android can , but not sure about safari or ie . 
  in chrome ( on android or ios ) there 's an option from the menu . 
  i 've just opened it up ( first time since the first day i got this mac , when i used it to dl chrome ) , and yeah , it 's a toggle . 
  what 's more , it 's a toggle without a shortcut key . 
  as far as i can gather , there is no shortcut key for it , and you do n't do it in a special window . 
  instead , from the safari menu , there 's an option to toggle it on and off . 
  i could be missing something , as i just opened it up and had a quick look , i do n't actually use safari on a day-to-day basis . 
   i took the installer file and put it in my dropbox folder to make loading the program i like on new computers even faster, 
  but , how do you install dropbox without using ninite :o, 
  also for doing the inverse of a number of other shortcuts . 
  for example , alt + tab goes forward a window ( cmd-tab goes forward an application on mac os ) , adding shift goes back a window ( or app ) . 
  ctrl-tab and ctrl-shift-tab for going forward and backward a tab in the browser , respectively . 
  also play around with ctrl , shift , and alt when dragging and dropping files and folders . 
  just tried that , and no . 
  that does n't seem to do anything . 
  too late , universal already did , and neither of you are getting any cut . 
  haha just a joke . 
  however , my understanding is you ca n't copyright ideas , so if someone came across this thread and saw that idea , they could take that and make a film out of it . 
  it would be completely legal . 
  for what it 's worth , rome sweet rome was a different issue , not only because they clearly wanted the original writer involved in the actual product , but also because it was n't just an idea , it was an actual written work . 
  honestly , no idea . 
  i may not even be correct about that whole statement . 
  that 's my understanding of the law , but i could be way out . 
  i assume he means instantaneous would be something that travels any distance in only a single planck time . 
  seems to defeat the purpose of `` instantaneous '' to me , but then , instantaneous seems a fairly meaningless concept anyway . 
  til there 's a planck temperature . 
  but yes . 
  incredibly bizarre . 
  hmm ... yeah , that could perhaps be it . 
  who knows . 
  now that you link that , yeah , i do actually remember seeing that exact video before . 
  vsauce is awesome !, 
  also at uq : any student ( or staff , i would assume ) can use the library 's search engine to search for dissertations . 
  when you say `` which devices have you owned ? 
  '' , does iphone mean explicitly only the iphone , or does it include ipod touches ? 
  i 've owned an ipod touch , but not an iphone . 
  however , my decision to get an android phone when i got my first smartphone was influenced by this , as i feel the difference between an iphone and an ipt is not very significant . 
  this is hardly a reliable source ... 
  what does nek minnit mean ? 
  did she get back to you ? 
  cheers, 
  cool link !, 
  thanks !, 
  hate to tell you , but if your school has even a semi-decent cas programme , you 'll have to be doing reflections . 
   there is no such thing as an accurate measurement for the length of a coastline, 
  sure there is . 
  every coastline on earth has infinite length . 
  every . 
  single . 
  one . 
   it seems to me like aussies get fucked over with every aspect, 
  ftfy :(, 
   i understand that countries using the imperial system do n't want to change for pretty valid reasons, 
  no , they do n't .
