  a gentle nudge towards using the right hand -- teach her it that way by default -- but if she really prefers using it in her left hand , let her . 
  is there a tv tropes page on this phenomenon ? 
  the only reason i wish it would n't happen is that when i 'm paranoid and looking for who else is playing ingress around me , i can immediately rule them out if they have an iphone . 
  in the future that wo n't be possible . 
  but in all seriousness , i think it 's a great thing . 
  more people is only a good thing . 
  it was a while ago , probably a couple of years old , and i would have heard it in an episode of the windows weekly podcast that he hosts with leo laporte . 
  how is it relevant ? 
  it 's just an anecdote ( and more importantly , one coming from someone who knows what he 's talking about ) that shows boot camp runs well . 
  linux to a certain extent ? 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  gaming is bad on mac , but it 's * far * worse on linux . 
  i do n't think i 've ever come across any significant games that are available for linux and windows but not mac , but mac and windows but not linux is very common . 
  game developers did n't decide to `` fuck over mac '' . 
  they just do n't write good games for it very often . 
  they do n't write good games for linux very often either . 
  you also frequently come across pc versions of console games that are done poorly , or vice versa . 
  macs do n't work well on networks because the admins do n't bother . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  if you go looking you can easily find examples where macs do work well on the network because the admins know what they 're doing . 
  the people i 'm talking about specifically are gamers . 
  for them , it definitely does matter . 
  for anyone who does n't have an interest in gaming or other tasks that need high performance , yeah , the imac is a really nice machine , with great aesthetics -- especially if it 's going in a public place like the living room . 
  ib maths hl , definitely . 
  hl physics was tough , but not too bad . 
  maths is just hell for two years . 
  i do n't know about you , but my school would n't let you do ab initio if you took it in igcse , let alone got an a. 
  if it makes you feel better , i took french in igcse , got a b , and then went on to get a 5 in ib french sl . 
  i 'm no good with languages either ... 
  i 've got ta be honest , i do n't understand the point of maths sl . 
  my experience has been that unis generally ask for hl maths ( e.g. 
  if you 're doing engineering ) or do n't ask for maths at all , in which case studies is fine . 
  you wo n't get a rebate , but almost any major smartphone ( including the iphone ) is free on a plan in australia . 
  and , despite most things in aus being stupid expensive , we get * much * better deals on telco pricing , too . 
  ( especially if you 're smart enough * not * to go on a plan , and find a good mvno . ), 
  to be fair , outback steakhouse sure as hell was n't invented in australia . 
  yeah , i 'd say the first two thirds of the first year are ok . 
  it 's after that that it starts getting crazy . 
   and am awaiting trial, 
  sure it 's an unlikely story , but the argument you 're making does n't hold up as a reason to debunk it . 
  if he 's awaiting trial , maybe he got out on bail . 
  if you want a serious answer , it 's a cricket match . 
  the boxing day test takes place in the mcg ( melbourne cricket ground ) starting on boxing day , and lasts for up to 5 days ( i 'm not going to go into detail of the sport cricket , but that 's how a normal test match game goes ) . 
  the ashes is the name of a tournament that takes place between england and australia every 2 years on average , alternating between being in england and being in australia ( on average because cricket is a summer sport , so you have to go half years to stay in summer ) . 
  it 's probably the pinnacle of test cricketing achievement , and * definitely * the most important test match for anyone from australia or england . 
  when they 're in australia , one of the test matches ( it 's a series of 5 ) * always * takes place in the mcg , starting on boxing day . 
  hence , boxing day test . 
  ( in years when the ashes are n't taking place in australia , australia will play a different team in the boxing day test . 
  i went into detail of the ashes because this year * is * one of the ashes years . ), 
  ok i know that dogecoin is a real thing ( btw , i love that they use the symbol for vietnamese dong as their currency symbol ) , but is the doge tipping bot real ? 
  i 've been seeing a lot of made up tipping bots lately . 
  to be fair , the german `` was '' makes the reply by / u/bonehead777 seem appropriate . 
  relevant-ish username ? 
  your first violin ? 
  awesome dude !, 
  that 's nice and all , but if publishers were actively selling games that have been refused classification , they would be in * serious * legal trouble . 
  besides , it 's not like they make it hard to buy games from overseas . 
  if they went out of their way to * avoid * selling to australians , then you 'd have a point . 
  it 's showing in australia ? 
  which channel is it on ? 
  $ 29 , unlimited calls/texts , unlimited * international * texts ( particularly good seeing as i have family overseas ) , $ 100 `` credit '' international calls , 4 gb data . 
  i just hope i stay grandfathered when the 2 year minimum time is up ( they agree to keep you on a plan for at least two years , even if you are n't actually on a contract ) . 
  i feel like knowing what timezone they are in is something everyone * should * learn . 
  it 's not very difficult , just one number . 
  maybe 2 if you live in a place that observes daylight saving . 
  it would make all these things so much easier , especially for those of us outside of the us . 
  it really annoys me that places like / r/iama insist on giving times in some random us time zone , rather than the much more convenient utc . 
  edit : or , at the very least , they should quote what timezone they 're using as a utc offset . 
  for example , if / r/iama were to say `` times in us pacific/utc -5 '' ( i have no idea if that 's the actual offset , i do n't know what us pacific is , or if us pacific is even what they use ) . 
  things get even worse when people start quoting things as `` eastern standard time '' as though there 's one universal `` eastern '' time zone . 
  there 's an eastern standard time in the us , one in australia , and probably a few other countries have the same thing . 
  yeah that 's when i got it , too . 
  actually played it on my mac , although i had forgotten the reason that they gave it away for free . 
  they did the same with portal a while back . 
  p.s. , if you 're low on data at the moment , it 's not `` yours-forever-once-you-download-it '' , it 's `` yours-forever-once-you-press-install-game '' . 
  you can cancel the download , but it 's been added to your library , so you can download it later . 
  anyone is able to text internationally , they 're just expensive typically . 
  most australian plans give you a certain amount of `` credit '' that you can use how you like : calls cost a certain amount ( typically per 30 seconds , sometimes with a flagfall ) , and texts cost a certain amount . 
  international calls or texts will cost more than those amounts . 
  the `` costs '' will usually come out of your credit . 
  for example , you might pay $ 20 for $ 800 worth of `` credit '' . 
  many plans will have unlimited texts , but that normally does n't count international texts , which would instead come out of your normal credit . 
  it 's giving me an alert saying `` low violence version '' . 
  i 've tried using a vpn but that does n't seem to work . 
  anyone got any tips ? 
  anyone got tips for how to get the uncensored version ? 
  ( or would be willing to gift it , which i think gives the recipient access to the uncensored version if the giver is in an uncensored area ? ), 
  anyone got tips for how to get the uncensored version ? 
  ( or would be willing to gift it , which i think gives the recipient access to the uncensored version if the giver is in an uncensored area ? ), 
  eastern standard time ( although if you 're in sydney or melbourne you 'll be an hour ahead of that ) i think it 's 4am on the 27th . 
  oh awesome . 
  that looks like it works !, 
  thanks a heap . 
  awesome man , this looks like it 's worked !, 
  thanks a heap !, 
  people did n't like the air conditioning repair arc ? 
  do n't forget , they sowed the seeds for that in season 1 . 
  or until valve/steam goes away , whichever comes first . 
   and people who take these surveys of whether or not a school is abstinence only, 
  that 's exactly what the numbers you are asking for are .
