  it 's really more of a zoology video than a history one though , in this case . 
  i do n't really think it 's even * possible * for the bad history crowd to complain . 
  yeah , it was pretty clear from comments on part 1 that people saw a vague similarity to diamond 's book , and then just decided to start complaining about that , rather than debating the actual points that grey made . 
  modern file systems can have spaces in file names.jpg, 
  the abstractness is a very common part of german-style board games like catan . 
  personally , to a fairly large extent , i prefer the abstractness . 
  the last non-abstract game i played was arkham horror , and honestly it just felt like a knock-off rpg . 
  would have been far more worth the time playing a proper rpg with the same theme . 
  other american - style board games can do things far more effectively than that one does and can be insanely fun , but i feel like they 're more hit and miss than german-style games are . 
  unlike most other meta subs , they do nothing to discourage brigading . 
  i mean , sure there 's a rule in the sidebar about it , but the culture of that subreddit basically encourages it . 
  it 's the culture they have that tacitly encourages brigading , which is far stronger than i 've seen in other meta subs . 
  modern \\ t, 
  and done . 
  edit : or alternatively , `` modern file systems can have spaces in file names.jpg '' . 
  i think you 're substantially underestimating the rpm . 
  my channel has an rpm of multiple times what you quoted , and i 've basically got two shitty little videos with a few thousand views . 
  it would seem reasonable to me that grey would have an rpm of at least # 3 or so . 
  still not enough on its own to make back the money , perhaps , but much closer to doing so than your estimate . 
  huh , that is genuinely surprising to me , that the difference in rpm between someone who put out one slightly popular video once , and a regular youtuber with thousands of dedicated fans is not even 2x ... 
  seems kinda wrong , to me . 
  tab completion is your friend . 
  you should probably give the material component a cost requirement . 
  otherwise the cantrip could be used without the weapon , just by using a focus . 
  it certainly feels like the right answer , but then all forms of petrol should really be price inelastic to a fairly substantial degree . 
  what are people going to do ? 
  * not * drive to work ? 
  * not * go to the shops ? 
  maybe if they 're really close they might switch to walking or riding a bike , but i doubt that 's an option many people consider very seriously . 
  then it autocompletes up to and including the space , and you type the single next letter that 's different and tab again . 
  ah yes , so it does . 
  yes , but that 's inserting line breaks , rather than creating new paragraphs . 
  it should be used for lines in poetry , addresses , and such , but not for separating paragraphs of text . 
  more pertinent to this subreddit , though :, 
   it does n't, 
   play well with, 
   greentext, 
   formatting, 
  due to it all being only a single '' < p  '' within the '' < blockquote  '' entry . 
  this looks like a brilliant resource . 
  one question : i quickly scanned through it for the veggies i most frequently cook with . 
  most of them were there , but not zucchini . 
  i know brits call them courgettes , but that was n't there either . 
  seemed odd that a veggie which is such a common part of western cooking would be missing . 
  still extremely useful though . 
  edit : also missing pumpkin . 
  you 're absolutely right , but my point is that i ca n't see any reason that regular petrol and diesel would function differently in this respect . 
  he 's only at +7 for me , but then my total is split between three devices ( one of which ca n't use res ) , five operating systems , and 7 browsers , not to mention the fact that res only recently fixed its vote counter . 
  add to that a variant human with magic initiate , and maybe when you 've maxed out the caster classes , go to level 3 in warlock for pact of the tome , and you 're over 20 cantrips . 
  well at the moment monday through thursday are all taken up by dc shows , and friday is just not a good night for tv , so it had to be overlapping with something . 
  thursday * might * have worked i guess , since legends only started up in the second half of the normal season , but whatever they did it would have sometimes been on the same day as something else . 
  they 're also * definitely * not a domesticateable species . 
  we can farm them today through sheer technological brute force , but they ca n't be domesticated in the same way sheep and cows can . 
  you mean the other way around , surely ? 
  ( if we 're talking comics . ), 
  pffft , what an amateur !, 
  i can hear the asian parents right now , saying `` why do n't you do both !, 
  ken jeong is actor and doctor !, 
  why not you ? '', 
  it 's also illegal and , unlike the bell thing , this one 's illegal for good reason . 
  i 've got ta be honest , i * really * do not want to see the joker on this show . 
  i loved what they did with jerome in giving us a taste , but not actually giving us the joker proper , and i hope they leave it at that . 
  i binged gotham a few weeks ago after much pestering to watch it from family . 
  i was reluctant because i care a fair amount about the character of batman , and i did n't like the idea of his villains appearing in gotham before he did . 
  the idea that the villains come about in large part * because * of him was important . 
  i 've been able to , more or less , let that go for the sake of the amazing show , and it 's all being told in such a great way . 
  but the joker is so completely and utterly * tied * to batman that for * him * to make a true appearance prior to bats would be a step too far for me . 
  the way the last episode with jerome ended : the seeds for the joker to grow from being planted , was perfect , but much more than that would be a mistake . 
  you know , this is a really interesting perspective on things . 
  having lived overseas for much of my life , and returned here for uni , i 've often been quite astonished at some of the comments on this subreddit disparaging brisbane . 
  i think it 's one of the best cities in the world to live in . 
  near perfect weather ( a little too cold in winter , but perfect summers imo ) , damn good public transport ( if a bit expensive ) , plenty of things to do for leisure ( granted , we 're not london or new york , but we 're a damn sight better than ho chi minh is ) , and in general pretty friendly people . 
  i really do n't know what more one could want from a city . 
  even if we 're allowing other media , prior to the mcu and arrowverse , i 'd say that still holds . 
  has antman even been on tv or cinema before the mcu ? 
  i know the atom certainly has . 
  very , very early . 
  but then where would the karma come from, 
  does your shell support neither quotes nor tab completion ? 
  i do n't plan on sitting through this video . 
  the audio quality is kinda painful to listen to , and its points are likely to just be infuriating . 
  however , if it 's bringing up the common points such people make about bicycle helmets , they 're very common and wide-spread claims for some reason , but [ they are incorrect ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/mediawatch/transcripts/s4259939.htm ) . 
  in particular , the risk compensation hypothesis has no substantial evidence backing it ( that is to say , your chance of getting into an accident * does not * increase with a helmet ) , and the amount of damage done if you do get into an accident * does * go down substantially when wearing a helmet . 
  there are * no * good arguments against wearing a helmet , though there are * some * good arguments against * mandatory * helmet laws . 
  in particular , that the health benefits of riding might outweigh the safety risk of cycling without a helmet . 
  but that 's only if the choice is between not cycling at all and cycling with a helmet . 
  if your decision is between cycling with and without a helmet , the choice is a trivial one . 
  wear it . 
  this is true , but it does n't address the real issue , which is that if you ride without a helmet , you 're being stupid . 
  sure , the health benefits of cycling without a helmet may outweigh the safety risks of cycling without one ( though personally i find the claim * very * dubious and i would want to see a substantial amount of literature on the subject before i take it as true ) , but it 's a false dilemma . 
  the choice should always be between cycling * with * a helmet and cycling * without * one , because the choice of whether to ride somewhere or take a bus or car should be completely independent and unaffected by the choice of whether to wear a helmet or not . 
  i 'm really hoping that in a thousand years ' time , the only trace that 's left of this whole thing is for some reason this comment chain . 
  seriously , that delay was insane . 
  this was a rare instance where i * did n't * have another podcast lined up to play immediately after , and my hands were full so i did n't take out my earphones , so i just assumed it was over . 
  then it must have been like , 60 seconds later ( playing back at only 1.6 x ) , it starts up again . 
  personally , my take on it is that i put stuff on my channel because i enjoy making it and i enjoy sharing it . 
  any money i might make is just an added bonus . 
  grey obviously took a different approach to it , but if you 're just a creative person and you do n't necessarily * know * that you want to do youtube as a * career * , then why not just do it for fun anyway ? 
  perhaps @fbdraughts ? 
  yeah exactly , that 's why i like how the ending to jerome 's last episode went .
