  it 's strongly implied that they were asian , but no specific country . 
  holy fuck that was a good series , i want to reread it now . 
  do n't you dare mention that movie . 
  my assumption -- and this is purely speculation not based on anything that i have read in the rules -- would be that if you skip the exam and do n't apply for a deferred exam , you 'll take 0 on the exam . 
  however , any scores you got for assignments , midsemester , coursework etc. 
  will still be counted , and as a result you 'll still probably get at least a 1 , if not more . 
  attend the exam , do as best you can ( surely you do n't expect to get * nothing * right ? 
  ) , and you might get a 2 or a 3 , or if you 're really lucky maybe you 'll even pass . 
  there 's literally * no * reason not to attend , even if you do n't do any study . 
  i recommend checking out the ecp on blackboard to see what percentage of your total grade you 've already got , and what you would need to get a 2 , 3 , or 4 . 
  side note , just semantics , but `` gpa '' does n't refer to your score in one subject , it refers to your grade point average . 
  in other words , your * average * score , either in one semester or overall . 
  hell yeah , i played this for * ages * . 
  had my age of empires from kelloggs ( which had an advertisement for age of mythology on the disk ) and played it a heap until 2005 when i finally got aoeii : age of kings and age of mythology . 
  i always preferred age of mythology to be honest , but i hear a lot of people speaking out for kings . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  especially with so few comments . 
  how did this reach the front page ( it 's in 5th spot on my front page ) with less than 100 comment, 
  hmm , i never got around to playing the expansion for that . 
  what did it give you ? 
  no , i did n't watch the video . 
  i understand the theory behind it , i took economics and there was quite a strong focus on this area , so i do n't need a lesson in the theory . 
  the simple fact is that while in the long run most industries are better off with free trade , there are very good reasons to use protectionist policies in some cases . 
  as an example that i did n't bring up before , if the only countries you were importing food from were highly volatile , it would be worthwhile encouraging a local food industry , because you do n't want to run the risk of not having enough food . 
   yeah , because lobbyists for the `` burgeoning industry '' that ca n't even compete without an unfair tariff advantage would ever allow that to happen, 
  irrelevant . 
  they might try to prevent it from happening , but that 's not what 's being debated . 
  what 's being debated is what is the best economic policy ? 
  if you can move from a primary producer to a secondary producer , your economy will have massive chances to grow . 
  however , it 's difficult to make that move in the free market , because other countries are so much more efficient and you 'll never see any growth . 
  so you put tariffs on imported goods , or subsidise the building of factories or production of manufactured goods . 
  this allows your secondary sector to grow to the point that it can compete . 
  at this point , good economy policy says remove the tariffs or subsidies in most cases . 
  if lobbyists lobby against that , and politicians listen to them , that is bad economy policy , and not an argument against a * good * implementation of this tactic . 
  i have n't tried it , so i do n't know . 
  i would suspect it wo n't cause any problems , but if it 's critical that you be able to use bootcamp ( e.g. 
  * need * it do essential work ) i would hold off until you can get further clarification . 
  oh , i guess i have played it , then . 
  i remember reseeding , and i 'm fairly sure i played as koreans . 
  who you calling a heathen you pommy bastard !, 
  still waiting for an aom hd . 
  it was hinted in the aoe dev ama , and i so want it . 
  another $ 60 ? 
  shit , no thanks . 
  i 'll just buy another game and a half . 
  you know what , i think you just explained exactly why i 've always preferred aom . 
  i 've never been able to put my finger on it before . 
  is n't empires a completely different series ? 
  either way , could you link me some info about it ? 
  i 'm coming up with different things ( mainly browser games ) . 
  could you upload a screenshot of what you 're getting ? 
  if it matches [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a5rgwzd ) ( and is over the right hand side ) , then it 's not what 's being talked about . 
  check the article for an image of the big banner ad ( which is truly a banner ad , and quite clearly nothing but an ad ) . 
  surely google 's userbase is more than 60 -- 100 m users ? 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted for asking a question ... 
  m is the standard prefix for million ( from mega ) , just like :, 
  * k is kilo ( thousand ), 
  * g is giga ( billion ), 
  * m is milli ( thousandth ), 
  * \u00b5 is micro ( millionth ), 
  * n is nano ( billionth ), 
  maybe check your screen is calibrated correctly ? 
  i can see the yellow shading in the background quite clearly ( both with flux off and when it 's on ) . 
  could be noscript , but even more likely is that it simply has n't been rolled out to you yet . 
  ah right , i see . 
  interesting , and actually seems pretty useful to me . 
  yeah i saw that . 
  interesting that adblock considers this one of its accepted ads . 
  no i understand what you 're saying , it is fairly light , but my point is that i can see it quite clearly . 
  in fact , on your screenshot i can see it even more clearly , though whether that 's as a result of the screenshot bringing out the contrast , or the fact that i 'm now on my phone , which obviously it 's calibrated differently . 
  if you have n't already , i suggest calibrating your monitor anyway , it 's easy to do and worth doing in general even if not just for the sake of seeing ads more clearly . 
  yeah , not a land war . 
  primarily fought on the seas and on islands like iwo jima . 
  islands which can only be fought over once one first has naval superiority . 
  yes there were some , even many , land battles . 
  but the * war * was not a land war . 
  it was based in the sea . 
  ~ ~ for those of us with murdoch block , could someone post the full article text ? ~ ~, 
  strike that , it 's below . 
  thanks / u/inewlom, 
  blocks all murdoch sites . 
  [ here ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/murdoch-block/moepiacmhnmbiilhpojodnaopndhddpg?hl=en ) for chrome , just google it if you want firefox , i 'm sure it exists on there too . 
  you can customise it so that if there 's some sites you want , you can let them through . 
  it really depends . 
  if these are first year engineering students then fuck you ( the grad student , not sun_tzu ) for being so harsh . 
  if they 're in their fourth year it makes a heap more sense , but still , zero is a bit harsh . 
  depending on how the rest of their work was , a 2 or 3 ( on a 7 point scale ) might be more sensible . 
  still a fail , but 0 should be impossible for people who put in any effort . 
  this was always adobe 's strategy with photoshop ( at least until creative cloud ) . 
  people pirate it , learn it , and then when they go professional , they demand to use adobe 's software because they 're familiar . 
  side note , leo laporte ( tech journo ) was saying how he had hoped apple would bundle the pro apps ( final cut , logic , aperture ) with the mac pro , or maybe even make them free entirely . 
  i must say it 's kinda disappointing that they did n't . 
  yeah , not even close to medieval . 
  the variety in instruments is far too great , never mind the amount of dissonances etc. 
   what method of television programming do you use ? 
  check all that apply . 
  none . 
  but it wo n't let me continue without selecting one . 
  honestly , to me , that line felt forced . 
  like they were trying to make it * waay * too obvious that he was now `` the avatar '' .
