  i still call it that ... 
  i 've never come across a site that i wanted to use a fake email address on that would n't accept dispostable ... 
  pretend to be chinese . 
  use the name fa ping . 
  when people say `` average '' in most circumstances , they are talking , of course , about `` mean '' . 
  however , i would argue that if they say it when talking about things like `` average wage '' , it 's easiest to just assume that they are in fact talking about `` median '' . 
  the abc vote compass is great , but i would also suggest looking at the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/ ) . 
  it 's less australia focussed , so it loses a bit in that respect , but it 's far more in-depth , and shows you where you ( and the major australian parties ) sit on a more global scale . 
  yeah this is more or less how i voted last election . 
  pirates # 1 , greens # 2 , a few other little parties , then labor , then a few more little ones ( including palmer , if memory serves ) then lnp , and then the * really * terrible parties like family first and such . 
  if i person is willing to do that in * any * context , then the above is true . 
  it being a game changes nothing , unless that 's a game where everyone is expecting others to behave in that way -- i.e. , it 's an accepted part of the general game 's community . 
  report them also to all the other players in your local area . 
  get * them * to also report the cheaters . 
  one lone person reporting a cheater is much less likely to have action taken against it than if dozens of people are reporting the same guy . 
  only because javascript 's float precision is n't long enough to recognise that , mathematically , 6.9999999999999999 does not equal 7 . 
  nah , looks bad for me , too . 
  the overline is n't really * over * the 9 , it 's more off to the right a little . 
  no i definitely agree with that . 
  it 's clearly wrong , but it 's kinda the opposite of mansplaining . 
  they 're not defending this man , they 're criticising * all * men by saying they 're all the same . 
  why are the customers filling their own cups up at all ? 
  on a weird but related note , does that mean `` suisexual '' would be the word for someone sexually attracted to themself ? 
  reddit has had a mobile site for ages . 
  it 's just that they have apparently recently upgraded it to not be quite as shit as it used to be . 
  43 would be my guess . 
  just in case anyone does n't know what the demigods story op is talking about is , [ here 's a link to it ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 2k1qjk/demigods _ xpost_gametales / ) . 
  it 's one of the best stories that 's been submitted here , in my opinion , though it is extremely long . 
  is the satanist stigma still a thing ? 
  i thought that was a thing in like the '70s and '80s . 
  if she 's 16 now she 's probably never even * heard * of that stigma . 
  i know it was n't until * after * i got into it that i heard any of that stuff . 
  though perhaps that 's because i 'm not american , and it was n't as big in australia and asia ( where i grew up ) as it was over there , even at the height of it . 
  there 's definitely still the nerdy stigma though . 
  doing it either way is n't true tno . 
  the only way something can truly be tno is if you 're only ever authenticating with the server you 're actually using . 
  going through google means it is inherently * not * tno . 
  but anyway , this specific case is n't a matter of it being `` too much work for the developer '' , it 's that what they 're doing is literally impossible through the proper methods , since what they 're doing is technically against the tos of snapchat . 
  i agree that it 's absolutely not a privacy issue . 
  but there 's very little real privacy issue with most of what google does with regards to advertising . 
  and yet people still have problems , based largely on a lack of understanding . 
  apple has deliberately presented themselves as opposite this , not doing things that could even be misconstrued as privacy issues . 
  so i doubt they would want to do this . 
  not me , but my 55-year-old father . 
  he did a half-ironman today ( his second one of them , on top of two full ironmans ) , and came second in his age group . 
  i did n't get to see it , unfortunately , because i live in a different country to my family , but i am so proud of him . 
  apparently he beat the 1st place guy in the swim and the run , too . 
  and was only 4 minutes slower on the cycle . 
  lost it in transitions . 
  / r/flashtv is calling you . 
   maybe this app should n't exist at all, 
  i 'm not going to disagree with you from that perspective . 
  you know that they 're serious about it being a security vulnerability when they use alice and bob as their examples . 
  while it would n't be good enough for certifying the course , i 'm sure google maps would be accurate enough for the average person to be able to determine whether or not the distance was correct . 
  i 'd be surprised if it 's more than one or two hundred metres out over the distance of the half marathon . 
  yeah i also want to chime in and say that the scrolling header is distracting . 
  other than that , though , i absolutely love the new design . 
  [ this thread ] ( / r/dndnext/comments / 31j7w0/nontraditional _ warlock_ideas ) asked for unconventional ideas for warlock backstories . 
  and [ this comment ] ( / r/dndnext/comments / 31j7w0/nontraditional _ warlock_ideas / cq2evb9 ) in particular was brilliant , in my opinion :, 
  one of my favorite characters is lucy vassal . 
  she 's a normal girl with a magic obsession . 
  she was too poor to become any sort of real wizard , but she managed to find a magical book containing the soul of a legendary devil . 
  she opened up the book and took the pact , becoming a powerful magic user . 
  excited and cheerful , she uses her powers for good rather than evil ... not realizing her patron 's plans for her ... 
  i have another write up below from an earlier post . 
  race : human ( tiefling statistically to represent growing devilish corruption ), 
  appearance : lucy is a 16 year old girl with blonde hair and a simple , if elegant dress on . 
  she has back length hair and smooth , pale skin with blue eyes . 
  she wears no armor thanks to her magic , and her primary weapon is a wand . 
  at her side she carries a dark , magical tome , one that appears to be chained . 
  personality : compared to most warlocks , lucy is a strange beast . 
  she 's young , cute , and cheerful where most are dour and dark . 
  she tries her best to use her powers for good , and sees her status as a warlock as a continuation of her childhood dream of becoming a wizard . 
  she 's also known for being a bit naive , and even gullible . 
  backstory : lucy was the daughter of the town 's librarian , and she was a happy , excitable girl who loved to read . 
  she read story after story about the heroes of myth and legend , and she wondered at the various characters and heroes . 
  she did n't care about the noble knights and great warriors , to her the true heroes were the magicians , the wizards , the witches . 
  they could do far more than fight , they could help people all around . 
  she dreamed of being just like those wizards , just like those heroes . 
  however , it was just that , a dream . 
  there were no wizards in her town , none to teach her anyway , and her parents did n't have nearly enough money to send her to a magical academy . 
  she resolved herself and worked hard in her library , but hope was running out . 
  then , she got her big break . 
  one day , she had a delivery to make . 
  a traveling man , some said a wizard of some repute , had requested one of the books located in their library . 
  she traveled to where he was staying , a small shack near the edge of town . 
  when she got near the house , she first noticed the black smoke coming from it . 
  worried , she rushed towards it , finding the home stuck in an inferno . 
  she gathered her courage . 
  this was her time to shine , her time to be a hero . 
  she rushed into the building , determined to save the wizard within . 
  she could n't find him through the smoke and flames , but she did find something else . 
  it was a book , large and beautiful . 
  it had all sorts of magical symbols on it , and even had a chain and lock . 
  not finding the wizard , she grabbed the tome and key and ran out . 
  somehow she just knew that it was important , that she needed to take it . 
  when she opened the book , determined to seek out her spoils , her eyes widened in surprise . 
  the book spoke to her !, 
  as soon as she opened the book a feminine voice entered her mind . 
  it told lucy that it was a powerful entity that was trapped in the book , and that it would need her help if it wanted to finally be free again .
