  usually in brisbane , i find buses most useful . 
  trains i only use if i 'm going to the north east of the city ( nundah or sandgate way ) , or down south east , past greenslopes . 
  trains are also best for inter-city journeys like to and from the gold or sunshine coasts . 
  eh , i do n't agree . 
  i find it weird if it 's still light after 6:30 . 
  it 's unnatural . 
  it 's one of the many reasons i do n't like being too far from the equator ( since you get pretty stupidly late sunsets even * without * dst -- it 's an entirely unnecessary idea especially in summer ) . 
  plus , addressing the drinking thing especially , drinking in daylight feels * especially * wrong , except maybe on holidays like chrissy . 
  but anyway , regardless of one 's feelings towards what time our clocks say when the sun sets , i think anyone with an ounce of sense can recognise the various medical and economic damages done by shifting clocks by an hour twice every year . 
  if you liked brandenburg 5 , try some of the others . 
  i particularly like [ brandenburg concerto no . 
  2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hsridtwsfm ) . 
  i have a feeling you might also enjoy [ mozart 's symphony no . 
  41 `` jupiter '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnk3kh8zega ) . 
  it 's a classical era piece , not baroque , but i think it has quite a lot of the same elements that might appeal to you , in terms of its orchestration , the style of its melody and harmony , and it has a lovely fugue in the fourth movement . 
  ( you do n't necessarily need to know what a fugue is , but it 's a form that 's very popular in the baroque . ), 
  i ca n't help but think this is going to end up biting the vegans in the arse . 
  giving him way more exposure and customers . 
  brilliant streisand in action . 
  i ca n't help but think this is going to end up biting the vegans in the arse . 
  giving him way more exposure and customers . 
  brilliant streisand in action . 
  that score was a bit ridiculous , but horn wins by 2 , which two out of three judges said , is pretty much the right score . 
  wtf was that penalty for ? 
  i 'm at a bar and ca n't hear audio . 
  cheers, 
  unless you 're doing a fuckload of travelling , $ 10 per day is probably not a good deal . 
  but a gocard is something like half the price of single tickets . 
  it 's $ 10 up front i think , but you can get that refunded if you turn it in when you leave . 
  transport here * is * more expensive than most places . 
  it 's stupidly expensive to be honest . 
  but i do n't think $ 10 per day is worth it . 
  but oppo also sells phones in the west . 
  my dad bought one ( against my advice ) just a few days ago . 
  this is better , because police is an actual verb in use , and not some weird thing that essentially only exists for the case of the sentence . 
  i mean , it 's not great , but it 's easily in the top three versions in that above comparison . 
  i 'd probably say second best . 
  rowling also actually intended it to be pronounced the same as french , with a silent t. 
  if you currently own max_integer bikes , this fails to return . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
   i think it 's not even a variant, 
  it is technically a variant ( see : `` variant : skills with different abilities '' at ph :175 ) , but it 's one of those variants that 's so widely used and devoid of downsides that it 's basically considered standard . 
  like feats and multiclassing . 
  and the `` variant '' human . 
  feel free to ask around for ideas in the arcana forge , but all posts have to have homebrew that is at least complete in terms of material presented even if its not balanced or fleshed out . 
  this post does n't have homebrew that is fleshed out enough to be a post of its own on unearthed arcana , so i am removing it . 
  is n't the mine a completely state issue ? 
  i 've heard a lot of stuff about the mine , but all of it has been in relation to queensland 's state government , not the federal one . 
  $ 13 for 5 pages of sheet music ? 
  you 're dreaming dude . 
  ninja edit : even worse when you consider musicnotes ' ridiculous drmed digital copies , and only allowing a single printout . 
   a student who he predicted an a but got a c, 
  this happened to my sister last year . 
  and in may 2012 nearly the same happened to me : predicted a , got b. 
  i 'm of the opinion that the fact that ees are ** not ** marked by specialists in the field is an enormous flaw in the system . 
  i would argue that they already are on the fringe of being called a major party . 
  they have shown that they can consistently get a significant number of seats in the senate , as well as more recently consistently winning in the house of reps. 
  if , in the next decade , they start winning more than just melbourne , but also seats like batman and melbourne ports , i think it 'd be hard to argue that they are n't a major party . 
  i agree with you on this . 
  i think it 's disappointing political showmanship on the part of labor , and i hope it does n't get taken seriously by the court . 
  worst case scenario ( for labor ) , in my opinion , they lose the court case , but also get looked down on by the public as being engaged in petty politicking when they could be criticising the government for all the ways in which they actually * are * damaging the country . 
  how would you do that if you have no internet connection ? 
  [ looks like the cat came home eventually last time ] ( / r/brisbane/comments / 6hs2oj/my _ cat_is_missing_albionclayfield / dj274xf / ) , so this must be a separate incident . 
  yeah that type of thing is really annoying . 
  if i 'm googling for something on reddit ( since reddit 's own search is so shit ) and click a link to reddit , it opens in rif , and then pressing back takes me back to whatever i was doing in rif before , instead of back to google . 
  how do you make sure it 's downloading the right version in that case , and how do you transfer it across ? 
  is the official term a single word ? 
  it seems like it would make more sense as `` back stack '' , rather than awkwardly shoving them together . 
  as you say , it 's the stack of views for the back button , it 's not some special completely revolutionary thing . 
  ninja edit : my [ super quick google ] ( https://developer.android.com/guide/components/activities/tasks-and-back-stack.html ) seems to imply it is indeed two words , not one . 
  you know what 's / r/mildlyinfuriating ? 
  the fact that the trending subreddits are in a different order on the home page than they are in / r/trendingsubreddits . 
  how the fuck do they enforce that shit ? 
  maybe i do n't entirely understand because they 're not really a thing where i live ( a country with a concept of consumer protection ) , but once you 've bought a house and you own it , surely they ca n't do shit to stop you doing what you want ? 
  i 'm not sure , and i do n't feel like giving musicnotes $ 13 to find out . 
  weight . 
  not sure if the weight actually has any significant effect , but the sbs commentators were saying a while ago how massive the placebo effect of dropping off a small amount of weight can be . 
  i normally disagree with the comments that i see complaining about slow motion not being helpful , or making the post worse . 
  but in this case , i actually really do think that the slow-mo made my understanding of the stunt far worse . 
  what are these weird white post things ? 
  for what purpose ? 
  yeah i guess that makes sense . 
  i was just hoping the commentators from a different region might have mentioned what it is , since the sbs guys did n't . 
  unfortunately le tour seems to have hugged the website to death . 
  i ca n't access it right now . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  if i 've got autofocus on , my camera sometimes fails to find something to focus on if it 's too dark \\* . 
  easy to override by going manual focus , especially if something like this where you 're focussing at infinity anyway . 
  not sure if that 's what happened to / u/fojaro though . 
  edit : * and until the autofocus successfully completes ( and makes a happy beeping sound ) , it ca n't complete the photo . 
  or , if you really are certain that you know more than them , you respond to their offer of help with `` no thank you , i 'm fine '' , and let them go pleasantly about whatever else they could be doing . 
  fucking * wordpress * uses php . 
  the biggest and most popular single platform out there . 
  drupal uses it for logical code ( it moved away from php to dedicated templating and metadata languages for those purposes recently ) , and mediawiki ( you know , the software * wikipedia * runs on ) is also all php . 
  it 's popular , and that ca n't be because it is without merit . 
  could n't you just have increased the spacing on the y axis between each sport , do they would n't overlap each other ?
