  salary caps prevent large-market clubs from becoming too dominant by helping small-market clubs to keep star players who would otherwise be attracted by higher salary offers from large-market clubs fort and quirk consider an enforceable salary cap las the only effective device to maintain `` financial viability '' and improve competitive balance . 
  and finally the ever-useful [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/salary_cap#section_2 ) , which states :, 
   primarily , an effective salary cap prevents wealthy teams from certain destructive behaviours , such as signing a multitude of high-paid star players , preventing their rivals from accessing talented players and ensuring victory through superior economic power . 
  with a salary cap each club has roughly the same economic power to attract players , which contributes to parity - roughly equal playing talent in each team in the league , which in turn brings economic benefits both to the league and to its individual teams . 
   leagues need to ensure a degree of parity between teams so that games are exciting for the fans and not a foregone conclusion . 
  the leagues that have adopted salary caps generally do so because they believe letting richer teams accumulate talent affects the quality of the sporting product they want to sell . 
  if only a handful of dominant teams are able to win consistently and challenge for the championship , many of the contests will be blowouts by the superior team , reducing the sport 's attractiveness for spectators both at the ground and viewing on television . 
  you need only look at america 's nfl , or australia 's afl or nrl , to see how well a salary cap works in this respect . 
  you simply can not predict the winner at the start . 
  you may be able to reliably pick some teams that wo n't win , but even that is a year-to-year basis , and not a chronic result of less funding . 
  moving on , you talk about all the different leagues there are . 
  i 've specifically mentioned premier because it is by far the largest , and because the bizarre situation in europe with multiple different leagues each with overlapping teams and separate trophies is too complicated to discuss . 
  however , i have already stated that for a salary cap to work in europe , all the different leagues would have to agree , which is an unfortunate complication . 
  you mention one that has had 4 winners in 6 years . 
  does that not sound awfully familiar to the same problem in premier ? 
  and you mention la liga 's perpetual dominance by two teams as though it 's an argument in * your * favour . 
  here 's a hint : less teams winning regularly in sports without salary caps helps prove my point , not yours . 
  as for the fa cup , chelsea won 4 of the last 10 , and arsenal another 2 . 
  it certainly looks a lot better than premier , but it 's hardly great . 
  the tradition aspect is great , and definitely a huge part of why people who support teams that ca n't buy as many victories will still support their team and watch games . 
  another aspect is relegation , which means they can watch out of interest of whether or not their team will be relegated . 
  these are both great things , but i 'm sure people would be much happier if their team also had a chance of * winning * the league from the outset . 
  i 'll just add as a side note , what i said about australia 's nrl in my last comment may be somewhat misleading . 
  the last 10 years have had 7 different winners , but that is -- as i mentioned -- discounting melbourne when they cheated the salary cap . 
  as a result , effectively the last 8 valid years have had 7 winners . 
  edit : the bit about it being a coin toss is n't true . 
  the winner becomes decided by the best teamwork , tactics , and year-to-year best players , but same team ca n't continually dominate with better players . 
  there is of , course , a bit of luck in there too , as with any sport . 
  what 's the alto clarinet got to do with it ? 
  4 '33 is facet for everyone throughout . 
  your instrument does n't make any difference ... 
  they do n't disregard the current video , they generally put some related ones and some from your general history of watches and likes . 
  haha whoops . 
  probably was autocorrect ... 
  i 'm going to leave it , though , i kinda like it . 
  i like apple . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of ios , and i prefer android , but i really like macintosh computers . 
  and those who do n't realise this is trinary . 
  when i was young ( 11-13 ) some friends and i had a `` sword fighting club '' , where we got sticks and play-sword fought ( including actual hitting each other and stuff ) . 
  we decided to make up names for ourselves , and called the group the warriors of the dawn ( no idea where that name came from ) , and each of us came up with our own names and titles . 
  i ca n't remember what my title was , but my name was zagorath , and it 's stuck . 
  i absolutely love 2 and 3 . 
  maybe it 's just the musician in me , but the way john williams used hints of darth vader 's theme in the prequel trilogy was just awesome ( although imo he used the theme * too * liberally ) ; because of that along with the rest of the music i think the prequels actually have better music than the originals . 
  there are also a heap of plot points , action stuff , etc. 
  that make me like the prequels a heap as well , but perhaps not quite as good as the originals in that respect . 
  i 'm just curious , what side of that do you think reddit 's hivemind is on , because i 've found it to be very balanced in general ( by which i mean half are vehemently anti-israel and half are staunch supporters of israel : very few actually seem to attempt to understand the nuance ) . 
  at first it 's just trial and error , you pick a few and decide which ones you like best . 
  after a while if you pay careful attention you 'll learn which conductors and/or orchestras you like the most . 
  if you stick to some of the more popular ones ( berlin phil , lso , la phil , etc. ), 
  you 'll very rarely go wrong , especially as you 're just starting out . 
  wow thanks , i did n't know that existed . 
  that said , a mod has said he does n't mind it being here , either . 
  if i had known it existed , i definitely would have posted it there , but i wo n't now because i 've got heaps of great answers here and on / r/music . 
  and yeah , i also love the music to schindler 's list , it was one of the first ones i recommended to her , but she decided to pass on it because of its popularity . 
  as in , subjects like history , geography , economics ? 
  i never realised reddit did n't like them ... 
  haha damn !, 
  i 'll pass this on to her , but thank you so much for this . 
  i saw this film on tv a while back , and hearing the score i remember thinking `` this sounds like hans zimmer '' , and was impressed by myself when i saw the credits at the end and found it was ( same deal with viggo mortensen who acts in that film ) . 
  since then i forgot what it was called and i 've been looking all over for it . 
  thank you !, 
  it 's the polite ones that really get you . 
  haha yeah , i realised it as i said it , but did n't want to use the neutral `` they '' because that could also be interpreted as me saying all the mods have agreed to it . 
  sorry for that . 
  maybe next time i 'll use `` it '' ? 
  yeah , i 'm definitely at that point with both zimmer and williams , but this ( a few years back ) was the first time i really got the chance to experience it . 
  interesting , but not entirely accurate , i think . 
  dynamic markings are relative . 
  for example , a piece like the first movement of moonlight sonata never goes above p plus crescendo , and so those sections would be louder than the same in a piece that is played mostly around forte or mezzo forte . 
  in one case you 're emphasising how quiet it is , in the other that 's the loudest point in the piece and you 're showing it as such . 
  yeah , i wonder how android enthusiasts get on in australia ... 
  do n't you pronounce `` router '' and `` route '' differently , though ? 
  i pronounce router to be like a row ( a fight , not rows and columns ) , but route like root . 
  rooting is a term in certain operating systems ( most notably android ) for gaining `` root access '' . 
  it 's kinda similar to jailbreaking ios , but far far more powerful . 
  in australia the term `` root '' is slang for sex . 
  the videographer in me found the ending really interesting . 
  the sudden cuts from 1:20:45 to the end of the piece really give you the feeling of the moods many of the characters must have been in , and the dolly zoom at 1:21:26 was quite clever . 
  the musician in me wonders how accurate this is . 
  i 've heard the story / u/spankymuffin mentions before , and also about beethoven ripping out the dedication ( though i imagine they 've moved it time-wise just to fit in with the film ) , but how about the rest of it ? 
  did haydn actually attend the end of it , and did he say those words ? 
  how about a lot of the stuff in the first half , particularly just after the first attempt of the first movement . 
  [ here is the notation i would typically use ] ( http://imgur.com/166na ) . 
  it could be seen to imply that the bassist should play one note per beat , but i imagine most bassists would understand this is not the case , especially if the previous bars are not exactly one note per beat . 
  to help out , you should also put some text over the top describing what is meant . 
  this notation has the added advantage that if you want some parts in the middle of the piece to be played precisely as written you can use this notation for the required duration before switching to normal notation without having to write written instructions more than once ( the first time the slash notation is used ) . 
  i have a theory regarding sprite and 7-up . 
  the probability of correctly guessing which of the two a restaurant has is .2, 
  honestly , i never seem to be able to get it right . 
  ignoring the fact that what actually happened was she was `` pimping out an underage girl to older men and recording it '' , kerdon and everyone before him a likely commenting under the assumption that the pornography was recorded by biron of herself having sex with an underage child . 
  given that ( incorrect ) assumption , kerdon and i-do_math ( who made a comment at the same level as kerdon ) are correct , it is indeed `` gay pedo '' . 
  i do n't care if they do n't `` identify '' as gay , if they 're having sex with someone of the same gender/sex or enjoying watching that kind of sex , they 're gay . 
  that 's probably correct , but at the time kerdon and i-do-math made their comments , they were replying further down the line from fire_marshall_ill 's comment before he made the edit , so they had good reason to believe it was not . 
  it would be , if their assumptions were correct ( yes , the assumptions were wrong , but that 's not relevant ) , both gay and paedophilia , as opposed to straight paedophillia where they would be attracted to young kids of the opposite gender . 
  you would think that would be correct , but at least here in vietnam that tends not to be the case . 
  even if it were , you 'd face the same conundrum : do i ask for a coke or a pepsi . 
  80 % of the time you 'll guess wrong . 
  i 've never heard of sierra mist , but if they offer me a 7-up instead i 'm fine with that . 
  in europe and australia sprite is vastly better , but they make it differently here in se asia so i do n't care one way or the other . 
  have you got a source for that about medical and academic fields ?
