  that is * very * impressive !, 
  personally i would say no . 
  i would like to encourage anyone building bender classes to make them compatible with 5e core , because people may want to play a bender or bender-like character within any other campaign , too . 
  if you 're * not * interested in balancing against core , then it should n't be shared here , imo , because at that point you 've diverged so far from 5e that you might as well not be playing it , and this sub is about 5e . 
  add them to the map so that others can find them !, 
   when you 're walking between classes or something but neither of you are going to stop to have an actual conversation, 
  this is when it 's a problem . 
  in less fast-paced situations , it 's easy just to say `` not much , you ? '', 
  or similar , but that takes too long to get through if you 're passing each other going in opposite directions . 
  i usually just respond with `` hey '' and a light lift of the head . 
  it does n't really make sense as a response , but it 's the best you 've got , and it 's less awkward than saying `` not much , you ? '', 
  as you pass them , and then looking behind you for the response . 
  [ john williams composed the soundtrack to a pretty mediocre interpretation of dracula ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iabqpy6oizq ) . 
  the movie might not have been great , but its music is my absolute favourite take on the novel in cinema . 
  less fitting for playing during an rpg , but also really great music in general , is the music for [ frank wildhorn 's dracula ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uynq9m7qxhm ) . 
  wow , * none * of the villains make your top three ? 
   i have n't used an apple computer in years , how are they for natively running perl , php , python etc , and compiling c/c + + ? 
  brilliant . 
  i know python and gcc are installed out of the box , and i * think * perl and php might also be , and if not , they 're at least very easy to set up . 
  not sure about compiling for windows , i 've never tried . 
  is this / r/badphilosophy or / r/badphysics ? 
  i ca n't tell ... 
  it 's more like if instead of paying $ 400 ( or whatever ) for the graphics card you need to play the witcher , you have to pay $ 1,500 for the graphics package , which also includes a pair of monitors , a copy of photoshop , finalcut pro , and a wacom tablet . 
  and there 's no way to * just * buy that graphics card . 
  might be a great deal if you do indeed want every aspect of the package , bit otherwise you 're getting ripped off . 
  the major point of the article is that in a few years , the rights for those expire , and competitors may want to outbid foxtel for them . 
  i stay away from gmg since they flat out refused to sell to me while i was overseas , and once i got back to aus the price they were charging for the particular game i was interested in was massively inflated compared to us versions . 
  fuck them worse than steam . 
  it 's common for the middle one to be different to the side two . 
  maybe the middle one is also standardised ? 
  i 'm the opposite . 
  i 'm strongly in favour of longer terms ( 4 years would be great , as would 5 ) , but i like the flexible terms . 
  just looking at federal politics since 2007 , the short terms have been the single factor to have caused the most harm . 
  they result in a cycle of constantly going from election to brief honeymoon to campaign mode , with so little time in which a government can truly deliver good policy and demonstrate it . 
  imagine if we 'd had an extra year or two of the nbn roll-out and the emissions trading scheme , to demonstrate the merits of them clearly to the voters . 
  but with the constant campaign mode , it was too easy for the media and lnp to lie to the public and spread fear . 
  sure , it also means that a government you disagree with will be around for longer , but the fact is that they were democratically elected and they deserve to be able to get their policies through and have a chance to truly demonstrate how they function in the long run just as much as a government that you agree with . 
  the lack of an upper house is the reason i voted no today . 
  i strongly support longer terms in principle , and if the referendum had asked the same question but been a federal one , i would have voted yes . 
  i prefer flexible terms , but not so much that i would have voted no solely because of that . 
  it 's just that without a proportional upper house to keep the government in check , the advantages of longer terms are diminished and the disadvantages augmented . 
  hear hear . 
  just a tip , i would * strongly * suggest staying away from this subreddit , the show 's wikia , wikipedia pages , etc. 
  at least until you 're finished with it . 
  many questions , like this one , will be answered in later episodes , but even if that is n't the case , it 's very easy to have major plot points spoiled for you by accident if you 're just looking up simple unrelated questions . 
  i know i had that happen to me when i first watched the show all the way through . 
  the relevant information from the wikipedia page is :, 
   air india flight 182 ... was destroyed by a bomb, 
   it was the first bombing of a 747 jumbo jet . 
  a total of 329 people were killed , including 268 canadian citizens, 
   the incident was the largest mass murder in canadian history . 
  it was the deadliest terrorist attack involving an aeroplane until the september 11 , 2001 , attacks . 
   canadian law enforcement determined that the main suspects in the bombing were members of the sikh militant group babbar khalsa . 
  i find it cute that you feel the need to replace god dammit with * anything * . 
  oh cool , i never knew this had a name . 
  i mean , it 's an extremely obvious and intuitive way of going about things , so logically why * would n't * it have a name , but i just never gave it any thought . 
  what of it ? 
  so , what i 'm seeing is basically `` this game has exactly one correct way to play , and fuck you if you want to 0lay it in some other way '' . 
  it 's a band of soldiers who are out to steal butter , clearly . 
  [ what did you say ] ( http://gamingtrend.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/batman-in-arkham-origins.jpg ), 
  informal is a technical way of saying `` invalid '' vote . 
  indeed , that 's very , very interesting to watch . 
  it really all hinges on where people decide voters have put their second preference . 
  if they 've gone to labor , that 'll put labor up ahead of the greens , and result in the greens being eliminated second , and their votes will likely be redirected to labor . 
  if people decide direct their votes to the greens , then labor second preference votes will likely result in a greens win . 
  if they direct their votes to the lnp , or do n't give a second preference at all , then it 's up in the air . 
  there are still 5 booths to report in , and with only 30 votes difference between labor and the greens , either one could end up in the lead , resulting in the other being eliminated . 
  i never had fireball go off , but i did once have a character get knocked unconscious , right before another character triggered the `` make everyone nearby invisible '' wild surge , which resulted in no one being able to save their downed ally and him dying . 
  and of course batman leaving the theatre with his parents , at which point they get killed . 
  + / u/parliamentpagebot / u/3fun here [ to test the bot live . 
  sorry for the notification . ], 
  so vaatu + unalaq ? 
  yeah pretty much . 
  anything before the bot is mentioned will be ignored , anything after it will be parsed to see if it 's either the message or one of the valid formats to include a list of users , and if it is n't , the bot should just ignore that . 
  well unless you 're the ( acting ) speaker of the house or a mod , it should n't matter . 
  still , it 'll become clear how it works once you 've seen it in use a few times . 
  it 's very simple really , just a tad difficult to explain without using a whole heap of examples . 
  at the moment , no . 
  but there was never anything in the previous version of the bot either , and we never ( to my knowledge ) saw any abuse of it . 
  if that * does * happen , it should n't be too hard to add in a custom per-subreddit list of blacklisted users whom the bot will ignore . 
  i envision the ability to page other subreddits ' lists as useful if , for example , someone wanted to page the members of a committee from outside of the committee 's subreddit , or the same for a particular party etc. 
  oh , and the plus sign is so that you can still mention the bot normally without it being interpreted as an attempt to page . 
  it 's just a general best-practice for reddit bot design . 
  / u/parliamentpagebot please ignore this . 
  here 's an example of what it 'll do if you mention a subreddit name ( or use `` here '' in a subreddit ) that does n't have a custom list set up . 
  as you can see , it 'll still manage to work out what the rest of it was meant to do , so you do n't need to worry too much about little errors like that in your message . 
   which will almost surely blow sibelius and finale out of the water functionality-wise, 
  i worry a little that over-hype may kill this product before it 's had a chance to get started . 
  it will surely blow them out of the water eventually , but i would n't expect the first version to . 
  maybe a major version or two down the line it will , but i 'll be surprised ( though extremely pleasantly so ) if the first version is substantially better than the existing products . 
  and on the note of the potential for future updates to sibelius itself , did n't they fairly recently fix the long-running problem with how `` first-time bar '' lines are displayed ? 
  sure it 's not huge , but it 's * something * at least . 
  the plus sign is to enable it . 
  basically , it means one has to * explicitly * want to be summoning the bot before it will be called . 
  many people do n't know how to escape reddit syntax , so they would n't think to add the backslash . 
  i * think * the subreddit is actually about not just the show titled `` defenders '' , but also the universe-within-a-universe of the defenders shows . 
  daredevil , jessica jones , etc. 
   long or short rest, 
  interesting . 
  may i ask why ?
