  i appreciate those far more than any stock card with a brief hand-written message i 've ever received . 
  only point i 'm trying to make here is that being hand-written does n't provide anything over a computer message , necessarily . 
   a cash gift is impersonal in the first place, 
  i do n't see this as a bad thing . 
  a cash gift means the person can spend it on what * they * want . 
  for very young kids , this has the added advantage of helping to teach them the value of money , while for older kids it at least means that they can decide how they want to . 
  there 's certainly some shuffling in the middle ( 367 can generally go in any order ) , and in the lower half ( 8421 can generally get switched around amongst themselves ) , but yeah , i do n't think i 've ever talked to another musician who would n't rank them roughly like that . 
  fair enough , then . 
   its still at least cheap to start a new website and give it a go, 
  oh definitely . 
  i did n't mean to imply that it was n't . 
  but look at how many attemps there have already been to supplant facebook . 
  diaspora , secret ( arguably ) , and even google + , backed by the current 4th largest company in the world , have all been unable to make even a significant dent in facebook 's mind share and engagement . 
  it 's theoretically possible to do it , sure , but it 's so difficult already , that i ca n't imagine this difference is going to have too much impact on it . 
   the `` base level '' will always become worse than the `` premium level '' in the long run, 
  what premium level ? 
  the point here is that they are n't slowing down your access to other sites or anything like that . 
  they 're just allowing you to visit them off your quota . 
  be careful not to slide into the slippery slope fallacy , which it looks like you 're skirting dangerously close to . 
   it 's already ridiculous that these quotas exist at all, 
  then how do you propose isps charge ? 
  a single flat rate for all customers ? 
  that seems a little ridiculous , imo . 
  it 's not how we charge for water or electricity , which is what many net neutrality advocates often point to as good examples of neutral services . 
  you could charge on a `` maximum speed '' basis , charging more for higher potential speeds , but then you run into the issue that maximum speeds are rarely reached , so the whole thing becomes an absolute mess logistically . 
  in / u/truffleblunts ' defense , the chief whip of the majority party being made pm is certainly a far more believable than someone going from chief whip to [ president of the united states ] ( / s ) when he was only ever voted into his own electorate . 
  i can forgive it , though , because i think that tells something so much more about his character . 
  thing is , it 's precisely * because * we know ollie is definitely going to survive that i wanted to remain spoiler free as to exactly * how * it happens . 
  my favourite theory was that it 'd be his friend from hk ( whose name i have ashamedly not learnt ) or , failing that , that it 'd be someone within the league after they found out the truth of sara 's death . 
  knowing that neither of those is likely , now , has kinda ruined it a bit for me . 
  but ah well . 
  nothing to be done about it now . 
  aww :( what 's wrong with the sax ? 
  ( while personally i far prefer my clarinet , sax is heaps of fun to play if you 're in a good band . 
  ca n't say i 'd ever want to play sax in a concert band , but for jazz music , as well as accompanying rock/pop music , and being in the pit of a musical , it 's heaps of fun . ), 
  have fun !, 
  it 's an absolutely gorgeous instrument !, 
  easily my favourite of the string family . 
   cushioned ... by the back of the neck and head, 
   spider-sense level, 
  hmm . 
  think op may actually be better at this than spidey . 
  also doing the ` else if ` to check if it 's true . 
  relevant . 
  your taskbar makes it look like your computer should also be running air 3 . x. 
  amtrak 's us only , right ? 
  so the flights to compare it to are domestic . 
  who shows up 2 hours early for a domestic flight ? 
  how the fuck are you supposed to do switch statements * without * using ` break ` ? 
  oh , i only just read your first sentence . 
  and oh my god , i feel so terrible about that :(, 
  really sorry for you :(, 
  especially since that 's what looks like a bed frame next to it . 
  someone * sleeps * right next to that . 
  better hope they 're not the type to roll about in bed . 
  ninjaedit : actually , it 's not * quite * as bad as i thought . 
  on second look , it seems that they 've put some insulation over the wires . 
  still bad , but not as bad as it would be if the wires were completely exposed . 
  oh god that 's beautiful . 
  my lips are sealed . 
  was it really that extreme ? 
  i thought it was only 25 -- 26 hours . 
  i feel like the example further up the thread is better . 
  if you do n't like oranges , why do n't you just start liking oranges . 
  because this one actually is kinda sorta maybe possible , but so far from a realistic option that nobody would consider it a feasible way to go about it . 
  `` the principle of comparative advantage states that countries should specialise in the production of goods and services for which they have the lowest opportunity cost of production . '', 
  is just about the only thing i can remember from high school economics . 
  umm ... tropical cyclones have n't been all female in decades . 
  the worldwide standard these days is that you alternate . 
  one will be male , the next is female . 
  i always wondered why we bothered with the tonne . 
  i 'd much rather say something weighs a megagramme . 
  does n't that sound so much cooler ? 
  while we 're at it , nobody uses megametre either , and it 's sad . 
  i was measured in pounds as a baby in the mid 90s , but as far as i 'm aware most parents these days use kilos . 
  you 're literally only the second australian i 've ever come across who claims we use imperial for people 's height . 
  and the last time it happened was only a few days ago . 
  i 've never heard an australian give their height in anything other than centimetres or metres . 
  i have to ask , are you from wa ? 
  the last guy was , and i suspect it might be unique to out there . 
  sure , but saying `` 5 foot 11 '' is just as much effort ( more , in fact ) as `` one-eighty '' , or even `` one-seventy-five '' . 
  the only time imperial units are going to be much easier to say is if you 're exactly a certain number of feet . 
  metric ! = si, 
  celsius is metric , but it 's not an si unit . 
  not that it matters really , since most calculations involve \u2206 t anyway , and \u2206 \u02dac = = \u2206 k. 
  what annoys me about rankine is that people write it \u02dar , when it 's clearly an absolute system , and should n't be in degrees . 
  except that most people these days just use webmail , and so their experience of it is on the web , which means it should be \u02dac, 
   their designs were based on two australian inventions , the box kite and the hargreave glider, 
  i did n't know this part . 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
   surrey is -50123, 
  so , 49849.85 \u02da below absolute zero ? 
   america created the internet , but cern ** made * \\* the internet, 
  that 's a really good way of putting it . 
  a ) calling 180 short is dumb . 
  b ) the same works for `` 6 foot 3 '' vs. `` one ninety '', 
  i 've heard that people in some parts of europe actually do use decimetres . 
  but is it really handy ? 
  eh , i do n't see why .
