  i have a couple of friends who use g + only when we want to have video hangouts , but other than that no one i know uses it . 
  you do n't even have to do that if you have res . 
  just click on the whitespace in the post and press `` z '' . 
  they were n't posted . 
  it uploads them but has them private until you choose to share them to a circle . 
  of course , for businesses if they want something higher quality ( let 's be honest , g + hangouts are n't great quality ) , but at the same time without hassle , they can pay for something like gotomeeting . 
  haha for me it 's the other way around . 
  i love the google services , and i want to get an android phone to take full advantage of them ( currently have a dumb phone + ipod touch ) . 
  one thing i 'm curious about , and i 've seen conflicting reports about it , is what happens if you share it with a circle , and then add new people to the circle ? 
  will the people added to it afterwards be able to see posts shared with that circle before they were added or not ? 
  similarly , if you remove someone from a circle will they cease to be able to see what was shared with that circle or not ? 
  cool , thanks for the info . 
  i think that 's the point . 
  an interesting idea . 
  i may try it . 
  the problem , of course , is that they may read/view whatever you post on g + and then like and leave comments on the link you submitted to facebook . 
  i know i 've had that happen when adding youtube videos a lot . 
  still , worth a try . 
  afaik chrome * ca n't * have toolbars . 
  at least , i 've never seen or heard of one . 
  i 'm not american , but from what i 've seen of america online it seems that a logical step would be to ban semi-automatic weapons . 
  there 's no reason a person should own one of them for defence . 
  hunting rifles , even handguns for defence ( personally i 'm against those , too , but i 'm trying to talk from an american perspective ) , but there 's absolutely no need for anything more than that . 
  a handgun will make you just as dead as any other gun . 
  i think of filipinos more like the black people of asia , what with their hiphop music and such . 
  i think i did mean semi-automatic , but i think i meant semi-automatic * rifles * . 
  a handgun for defence , and a bolt-action or one of those others for hunting or sport . 
  i just really do n't see the need for a semi-automatic rifle as a defensive tool . 
  but yes , i also meant fully-automatic weapons should outright not be legal . 
  i was n't sure on what the current law is , though , and whether they are currently allowed or not , so i did n't mention them . 
  thanks . 
  i 've studied musical theory a lot , and i 'm pretty good at that , but i 've never really formally studied composition in any meaningful way . 
  thanks for the link , i 'll take a look at it . 
  different dialects/accents often will differ in whether or not they distinguish between two similar words in how they 're pronounced . 
  i pronounce then and than differently , but others do n't necessarily , and they are n't `` incorrect '' per se . 
  just as a note in addition to what the others have said , voting * is n't * mandatory . 
  you have to turn up on the day , but you can deliberately spoil the ballot if you are truly neutral and do n't care . 
  by making it mandatory to turn up , it means the people who do n't vote have definitely really thought about it and decided they do n't like any of the parties , major or not . 
  the libertarian party should grow so that they can bring some sanity to the social issues , but by god i hope no large group ever supports their economic policies . 
  one of the worst countries in terms of socio-economic mobility , along with the united kingdom . 
  screenshots are a good thing . 
  you should add a brief video to the chrome store to give a demonstration of what this does . 
  well , looks like you got ta make good . 
  op ( / u/cobrakai11 ) deleted his comment . 
  to be fair germany is very trigger-happy when it comes to suing tech companies . 
  but yeah , i call bs on this story . 
  facebook makes it awkward to go back and find the old message , but you can do it . 
  yeah , it 's super easy * if you can get to their page * . 
  there 's a good chance that she has since made her personal account not appear in searches , and that the two of them are n't facebook friends any more , which would make this method not possible . 
  what he would have to do is go into his message inbox , and ( assuming he uses facebook messages regularly ) scroll down through all the more recent conversations he 's had with other people to find the right one . 
  haha yeah definitely . 
  where i live you can go to a firing range and shoot full-auto weapons like ak-47s and m-16s . 
  i think that 's something that should be fine in western countries ( i do n't * think * it is , but i could be wrong on that ) because it 's just cool to shoot them . 
  no , not that hard , but i was merely pointing out that facebook does n't make it as easy as , say , gmail does with regards to search . 
  the title kinda * is * the punchline , in a way . 
  still scares me that they 'd be hitting something related to the functioning of a nuclear plant . 
  if course logically i 'm sure it 's completely safe , they 'd have redundancy in their cooling systems etc. , but my gut reaction is what the fuck i do n't want to be anywhere near that . 
  fun fact , this poem is not a serious statement of how much difference your choice makes . 
  it shows throughout the poem how each path is more or less the same . 
  the last line , therefore is ironic . 
  ( to the reader -- the poetic voice does n't really understand this , so it is kinda a dramatic irony in a way , too . ), 
  fun fact , did you know the last line of the poem is actually ironic ? 
  the poem describes both paths as pretty much the same , and it is only in hindsight that we try to justify it by saying how much of a difference it made . 
  in poetry , paragraphs are called stanzas . 
  actually it is very common to change the rhyming at the end . 
  often you will find abab throughout , but end with a rhyming couplet , for example . 
  i 've thought it was more ironic . 
  we the reader know it is n't true , but the poetic voice ( like the narrator of a novel ) does n't . 
  to be sarcastic the voice would have to know that it did n't really make much difference . 
  longevity ? 
  we need to maintain a distinction between the writer and the poetic voice . 
  the writer wanted it to be clear that the last line was n't true , and the poetic voice in te last line imitates something many people do themselves . 
  but yeah , i suppose you could say the writer was sarcastic . 
  interestingly , did you know socio-economic mobility in the uk is the lowest in the world ? 
  lower even than the us , which is also really poor . 
  i 'm not sure how much getting rid of the monarchy would help , but it certainly could n't hurt . 
  i 'm aussie , and that means i have to have your queen , too . 
  strangely it seems most aussies support the monarchy , especially since the wedding . 
  it makes even * less * sense for us than for you : there is * no * argument that it brings us money , and she is n't even our queen . 
  the bit about the castles is completely misinformed . 
  la louvre is now the most famous art museum in the world , and versaille is famous because of world war i. 
  if royalty left britain , i do n't think they would get as many visitors as they do now , though the drop would not be that large . 
  sirbinks also brings up a good point , and i 'm sure there are other problems in the claims he 's made . 
  it 's clear he has n't got the best reasoning skills . 
  and you should keep them , and they should still be payed a lot . 
  they should n't be payed as much as they are now , but they should be payed a lot . 
  instituting a fair salary cap would do more than just make their pay more reasonable , but it would fix the massive problem of the same small handful of teams always winning because they have more money . 
  yeah , i guess that makes sense . 
  it 's definitely the capacity that matters most in that respect . 
  wow , you consider over 6 years vintage ? 
  i would be more inclined to say 15 , or at the * very * ** least ** 10 years . 
  by your measurement , games like assassin 's creed and mass effect will be `` vintage '' next year . 
  the wii and ps3 are vintage consoles , as are the games oblivion , age of empires iii , battle for middle-earth ii , and civ iv . 
  would you really call those vintage ? 
  agree . 
  i make it a point to downvote any survey meant for a specific demographic that does not specify it in the title . 
  great survey , worked really well even under political systems that are not the us 's . 
  there 's even an actual term for it : [ cyberchondria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyberchondria ) . 
  from southern africa ? 
  you got a source for that ?
