  personally , i would argue that this interpretation is * not * the rule as written or even rule as intended . 
  but it 's a perfectly logical and understandable homerule . 
  nah man do n't cross it out . 
  i totally ship it . 
  i do n't see any problem with it . 
  the term i 'm more familiar with is `` on the force '' . 
  it 's not that different . 
  i dislike formalising parties for a few reasons . 
  the purely emotional dislike of the idea is only part of it . 
  it also makes it harder for independents to run : it becomes much much harder to be voted in if you do n't sign up to one of the major parties and get them to back you . 
  but the biggest problem of all is that it gives the parties the ability to decide a person can get into parliament even if the people explicitly did not want that one person . 
  the party can just put them to the top of their list , and even though the people decided they absolutely did not want this person , they get in anyway based on party support . 
  as for the last paragraph , i do n't agree . 
  yes , there are local issues that local government should be taking care of . 
  but there are also federal issues that matter on a local level . 
  sometimes a particular area is affected more than others by unemployment , especially if it comes as a result of a change in federal policy ( e.g. 
  cutting funding to a particular industry that was heavily represented in the area -- see peter russo 's storyline in house of cards season 1 for an example ) , or an area may be directly affected by federal decisions regarding the building of hospitals , schools , or large-scale road projects . 
  it 's good to have a local member -- someone * specific * that you can talk to about these issues -- to bring this kind of thing up to , so that they can represent you at the federal level . 
  personally , i know my local member quite well . 
  it helps that he was the former treasurer , but even aside from that , i met him when i was much younger , and he 's well known in the community . 
   i have never heard somebody say `` i really like party y but i hate their candidate so i wo n't vote for them '' or alternatively , `` i really like the candidate even though i do n't like the party so i 'll vote for them anyway '', 
  it 's not common , but it does happen . 
  i know many liberal ( the australian right-wing party ) supporters who want to vote liberal , but * hate * tony abbott , our current prime minister . 
  and i 've heard many a story of someone being persuaded to not vote labor ( the major left-wing party ) because of greens ( the biggest minor party , also left-wing ) senator scott ludlum specifically . 
  yeah of course . 
  it 's only granting super advantage ( or disadvantage-advantage , depending on which way you interpret the rule ) on the actual roll itself , not the circumstances around that roll . 
  australia currents has 2 independents in the lower house ( out of 150 members ) ( plus 1 person who used to be independent and has since formed his party , plus another 1 person who started politics by forming his own party using his own name , and is the only member from that party ) , and 4 in the upper house ( out of 76 ) . 
  in the senate in particular , that 's a pretty powerful role . 
  there are 8 real crossbenchers ( technically 18 , but for these purposes i 'm counting the greens as part of the opposition ) . 
  the government needs 6 of them to have greater than 50 % support for their bills . 
  considering the 4 independents , and the 4 members from parties with just 1 senator are the ones with the balance of power , that 's a pretty important role . 
  as for local representation being worthless , well yeah , i can see that viewpoint . 
  there definitely are advantages to doing away with them . 
  it removes the problem of `` safe seats '' entirely ( though stv severely minimises that problem -- depending on the size of areas , it could pretty much do away with it entirely ) . 
  but to be honest , i ca n't really think of any advantages to it other than that . 
  as for the advantages of having local representation , it gives you someone you can go to when there is an issue specifically affecting your area . 
  if the federal government is cutting funding to ship building , and your area makes ships , you can go to your local member and complain . 
  you have a much better chance of getting them to stand up for your area in parliament if they 're directly accountable to you , and everyone in the area is going to the same person ( or group of people ) , rather than if you do n't have anyone specific to go to about it . 
  just as one example . 
   plus , having separate districts almost inevitably hurts equal representation, 
  this is why stv is better than av . 
  you still get proportionality , while retaining local representation ( you just get multiple members in a larger area , rather than a single member in a smaller area ) . 
  it fixes that problem . 
  not at this point , no . 
  these photos were for an article about greg berlanti , who produces both of these shows ( and arrow ) . 
  the point about still being at disadvantage is to make it clear that any other effects still apply . 
  for example , if you have disadvantage , you ca n't use sneak attack as a rogue . 
  luck ca n't change that . 
  the way you described would certainly be an acceptable and logical way to do it , but it is * not * the raw/rai , and it 's not what crawford described in this article , or in his clarifying tweet about it . 
  op was being condescending towards bing in an unambiguously light-heartedly and humorous way . 
  the top of this comment chain was being a condescending prick just to be a condescending prick . 
  either that , or they were * attempting * to use shock humour . 
  but in writing that does n't come across very well , and frankly they should have made it clearer . 
  yeah sure . 
  critical success does in-depth looks at very specific topics , with a small amount of more general d&d stuff thrown in . 
  for example , they have an episode dedicated to how to deal with rules lawyers as a dm , and an episode dealing with voicing characters ( this one , for example , gives examples of how someone who 's not an especially confident actor could still give characters unique voices ) , and an episode about writing strong villains who * will not * give in to compromise . 
  they put out episodes pretty rarely , so even if you have a heavy weekly podcast schedule , it 's easy to fit this in . 
  the episodes are n't all that long , either , from memory . 
  dungeon master 's block is ... kinda strange . 
  they talk quite a lot about their own personal stories , which most of the time i do n't really care for , but occasionally there are some good nougats in there . 
  but they also have main points to the episode , and the content in those is usually very good . 
  then most episodes close out with listing off a bunch of ideas and some brief discussion of those ideas , around a central topic . 
  mainly i see it as a pretty good source of ideas for content ( plotlines , character archetypes , monsters , gods , etc. 
  ) , rather than being any help in terms of mechanics or `` running '' the game ( in the sense that something like a podcast about `` voicing characters '' or `` what do you do when your party does n't follow your plot ? '', 
  would be ) . 
  and thanks for the descriptions . 
  i may have to give ftb a listen . 
  it sounds pretty interesting . 
  what about when a student moves away from their home temporarily to go to uni ? 
  or if a person happens to be on holiday , or visiting family on the day of the election ? 
  i think it is unreasonable , and * undemocratic * that a person should have to think at all about the circumstances they are in on voting day , and how that will affect their ability to vote . 
  it 's not like you 'd be voting for the wrong electorate . 
  they 'd just get the correct ballot paper brought in ( apparently australia does this via fax , but some other more ... modern ... would do too ) , have the person mark it off , and then send the completed ballot back . 
  the person from london would vote for their london representative , * from * pudsey . 
  they still do n't have any say on the election for the member for pudsey . 
  but anyway , an even weirder problem , and * far * less excusable , is that even * within * a single electorate , you ca n't go anywhere . 
  at least according to grey 's story , they tell you a specific polling booth to go to , and if you instead want to go to the one a few blocks across , * even though it 's in the same electorate * , they 'll turn you away . 
  there is * no * justifiable reason for that , and britain should be ashamed of itself for such a horrible set up . 
  yeah , the location where they shot the watergardens has only ever once before been allowed to be used for film/tv , and even then it was only a few hours . 
  got got it for a whole week . 
  so they were really lucky from that perspective . 
  but perhaps also unlucky , since it meant they could * attempt * to do something that they really could n't pull off , whereas if they simply had n't been allowed to do it there , it 's possible they would have taken more time and gotten the scenes right , even if the set itself was n't as good . 
   that 's why i do n't mind moving the world cup to the winter, 
  wait wtf ? 
  it was n't already played in winter ? 
  i 'll admit i do n't follow soccer , but is n't it a winter sport ? 
  i know the types of football that are popular in my country are all played during the non-summer months ( start in spring , end in autumn ) . 
  should n't it be * normally * played in winter ? 
  since you seem to be going through replying to all my comments , go see the one where i already mentioned this . 
  i 'm not signing up for a free trial for a thing where i have to give them my payment details * before * i 've decided i want to pay for it , if i ca n't also see what content they 've got through an * official * source . 
  no offence , but i do n't fully trust some random third party source . 
  heck , even if i knew it was accurate , the principle of the thing makes me want to still not sign up . 
  any company that truly wants to do right by consumers should be upfront about what it has to offer them . 
  that seems pretty simple , no ? 
  as for the ads thing . 
  i 'll take free and ad-supported over paid without ads 9 times out of 10 . 
  ( of course , free , without ads , * and * without the problems that comes with streaming online video is even better . ), 
  i do n't blame stan for them being the only fully legal source of community in australia . 
  they 're just doing what makes sense for them . 
  i blame yahoo and sony for their shitty business practices .
