  haha that 's not odd at all , many people love the violin . 
  i 'll be honest , i feel it 's often kinda overrated , but it definitely still is a lovely instrument . 
  i love it in a large powerful string section . 
  until the op said `` for more from the artist '' i thought he was talking about the dragon ... 
  ah fair enough . 
  i say brackets ( ), 
  and square brackets [ ], 
  and curly brackets { } ( though i kinda wish i could bring myself to call them braces , that 's much more elegant . 
  i do n't have one particular name for the last sort . 
  angled brackets , pointy brackets , sometimes html brackets . 
  probably a few others , too . 
  very well , sir . 
  carry on !, 
  my circular breathing record is a little over a minute . 
  into as straw ... 
  i 'm lucky if i can get a single breath in on the clarinet without completely messing up . 
  i like this saying . 
  do you know who said it , or did you come up with it yourself ? 
  i play the piano , and one piece i used to play a lot is the entertainer . 
  i 've played it a number of times in actual performances to audiences , and every one of them has been a disaster . 
  the very first one was in primary school , at a talent show , and i was messing up every few bars and having to go back . 
  i ended up going through the whole pieces : determined not to give up , but it was absolutely horrible . 
  i 've tried a few times since then , and while none have been as bad as the first , they were still really bad performances with * obvious * mistakes . 
  ( many times musicians complain about a bad performance when , in fact , the average audience member wo n't have noticed . 
  i promise this is * not * the case with any of my entertainer performances . ), 
  and a terraburger ? 
   philosopher 's stone, 
  ftfy . 
  i like it coos it 's the last one williams scored himself . 
  the music just really went downhill from there ( although 5 was pretty decent ) . 
  yeah i 'm the same . 
  only know about kickball because of recess , and all the places i 've been have always called it break . 
  personally i prefer using cars . 
  can i chose a ps3 or kick-ass gaming pc instead ? 
  i have a few problems with this study , at least as it 's presented in the article . 
  they 've used `` extracts '' from mozart 's 40th . 
  i 'm not sure that without proper context it can necessarily be fair to judge the performances . 
  it does n't seem to control for other differences in the conductors ' styles . 
  i know in my experience starting at a point in the middle can be very different to starting at the beginning . 
  they had eight musicians . 
  this fails to control for how well more or less assertive styles work over different sizes of orchestras . 
  not to mention , less people means less variety in personalities of the performers , which could also make a big difference . 
  according to the article , at least as far as i could gather ( it did n't seem quite clear to me ) , the assertitiveness of the conductor was measured by their baton style . 
  this does n't control for assertitiveness in rehearsals at all , which is what karajan was famous for , and therefore what the article at least tries to imply is the point . 
  the second last paragraph of the article confuses me . 
  it seems to imply that the meeker ( or less assertive ) conductor did the better performance . 
  from this , i do n't know how they deduce that the more assertive conductor is necessarily better . 
  5 extracts , 3 equal , and 1 each for more assertive and less assertive . 
  i plan on reading the study itself , it seems very interesting , but ca n't do that quite yet . 
  if you ( or anyone ) has , and it clears anything up that i 've misunderstood from the article , please clarify . 
  i 'm really interested to know . 
  oh god of course . 
  i completely forgot about that in my post . 
  maybe those 10 judges just decided they preferred one interpretation over the other , and it had nothing to do with control . 
  very good point . 
  edit : what is eli5 ? 
  they 'll find ways to get around it . 
  maybe set up alternate companies , license the song to them , and get the second company to send a takedown request . 
  you could ban the agency sending the requests . 
  not through current systems , maybe , but you could do it . 
  they 'd still get around this , though . 
  maybe setting up alternate businesses that they license the song to , and then the new business sends the takedown request . 
  or something . 
  even youtube has a simple to complete complaint form for invalid copyright claims ... 
  yeah , i realise that , but i 'm sure they 'll find some way around it , that was my general point . 
  but you ca n't remember where from ? 
  shame . 
  what if you want advice on having sexual intercourse with cephalopods ? 
  i do n't know how true it is , but / u/tbkiah says, 
   there are many murderers and criminals that come up for parole all the time , but very very seldom do they grant it . 
  i do n't think they can legally not allow people to have the chance of parole . 
  they just always deny it . 
  and it at least seems to make sense . 
  i 'm still confused . 
  is it $ 10,000 , or $ 100,000 ? 
  the number of zeros makes it the former , but the placement of the comma implies maybe a zero is missing . 
  that 's not quite how dengue works . 
  there 're a few strains , and if you get one , you are immunised against that strain . 
  however , it can be easier for you to be infected with other strains , plus if you get them they can be much worse . 
  even better . 
  uhh ... my understanding of standard german nomenclature was that h is b , and b is bb . 
  yeah , that 's one bit where the american change actually really makes sense . 
  all the cadence points rhyme but z. 
  maybe everyone gets all three ? 
  just simple as it looks mark 1-5 on each question and if you have comments feel free to leave them !, 
  you can answer this on here or send me a pm with all the information !, 
  thank you !, 
  age : 18, 
  race : caucasian, 
  sex : male, 
  please answer the following questions using the following scale : 1 = very unsatisfied 2 = unsatisfied 3 = no opinion 4 = satisfied 5 = very satisfied n/a not applicable, 
  how satisfied are you with the frequency of police patrol in your neighborhood ? 
  how safe/secure do you feel around the police ? 
  do you feel that the police are approachable ? 
  how satisfied are you with police presence in your town ? 
  are you satisfied with the amount of power/discretion that police have ? 
  how professional do you feel the police are ? 
  -1 ( yes , minus one , because very unsatisfied really does n't do it justice ), 
  how satisfied with you with the amount of resources available to the police such as training , equipment , etc. ? 
  how satisfied are you with the number of police in your town ?
