  on a-jays ? 
  no , definitely not . 
  i bought the cheapest ones they 've got with a mic and button , so i was n't expecting much , but holy crap the sound quality from them is amazing . 
  jays have an app for customising what the button does , and i remember reading that people recommend using this app even if you do n't have their earphones . 
  i 've downloaded the app and i 'm happy with their default option . 
  unfortunately , it does n't work properly . 
  if i hold the button down it 'll reliably take me to google now , but just pressing it does n't pause properly . 
  sometimes repeatedly pressing it achieves this , but that 's unreliable at best . 
  i know it 's not the earphones because i tried an old pair of shitty samsung ones that came with my dad 's low end phone , and they had the same problem ( despite having worked perfectly on my ipod touch for ages ) . 
  hmm , fair enough . 
  i 'm not really an audiophile , and the audio quality was amazing compared to earphones and headphones that i 've used before , but perhaps from someone with a more discerned taste would find otherwise . 
  same , fourth . 
  behind urban dictionary ( urgh ... ) , `` thefreedictionary '' , wiktionary , and [ whatever this is ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvmmymwfj1i ) . 
  not sure the tailored results work as well as they should , though . 
  i 've never once used thefreedictionary and i have no desire to . 
  i regularly seek out wiktionary , though , so i would have thought it should be 1 . 
  well , kinda . 
   a person who is an idiot and shows it all too well, 
  why the random apostrophe every time you use `` pneumatics '' . 
  how do you know you only got australians ? 
  the survey does n't include country . 
  can anyone tell us what time that is utc ? 
  no , they would n't . 
  by definition libertarians want a lack of government control over the economy , which is what ` right-wing ' means . 
  look in to the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  personally , i love the political compass for its ideas , but i find it difficult to argue for the accuracy of how they 've placed prominent political figures in absolute terms . 
  certainly , the way these politicians have * moved * relative to their previous positions is worth noting , but the exact placement seems a bit out to me . 
  i 'd like to take a slightly different approach to changing your view . 
  i believe that high school maths should be a general course that teaches all areas of maths to a degree that is sufficient to enter university with and pick up areas of specialisation there . 
  this is how it is done in most of the rest of the world outside of the us , and to me it just makes more sense . 
  in my highschool maths ( ib maths higher level ) , all the topics we learnt were very much entwined in each other . 
  my calculus topics used a large amount of trigonometry , linear algebra topics used bits of calculus and trig , and based on the current top comment , apparently at a higher level statistics also uses calculus after a certain point . 
  with the separate areas of maths being so closely related like that , i do n't understand how the us system thinks it 's a good idea to have a bunch of separate classes in highschool . 
  it seems as though that could only be a bad thing as a result of not understanding fully how different areas of maths fit together . 
  wrong use of the word ` about ' . 
  story time ? 
  eh , i 'd agree with you there , so there 's nothing for me to change . 
  op clearly said `` should be legally required to * allow * consumers to buy memberships that do n't renew '' [ emphasis mine ] . 
  nowhere was it implied that everyone should have to have this . 
  people clap at movies ? 
  \\* * googles **, 
  good spot . 
   catholic, 
   seem naive and irresponsible, 
  checks out . 
  ditto for pens , and also writing books , rulers , whatever stationary you want . 
  but in my case it 's because my parents are teachers so they just take them . 
  can we see it ? 
  utc does n't use daylight saving time , unless you mean you might be out in terms of chicago using daylight saving . 
  i do n't know about chicago , but london is currently utc +1 , since yes , they are in daylight saving time . 
  edit in response to your edit . 
  cool , thanks . 
  gon na be honest , i think last year 's was better . 
  both awesome , but it comes down to personal taste . 
  well yeah , obviously this is a trick for your own computer and not every possible example . 
  haha thanks !, 
  i do n't suppose you know what the [ heart ] bin [ heart ] bin thing is , do you ? 
  seems completely random to me , i feel like i 'm missing the reference . 
  it sounds like you 're not very experienced with the game ? 
  in that case , i 'd say it 's worth noting that the single player in this game is * incredible * . 
  i 've never once attempted to play multiplayer because it just does n't seem anywhere near as good as the singleplayer . 
  the game is worth buying just for singleplayer mode , do n't worry about whether or not multiplayer servers are going to be full . 
  no , that 's what conservative means . 
  right wing is not synonymous with conservative , although most conservatives are also right wing . 
  hahaha , yeah , that 's certainly a possibility . 
  based on some of the things i 've seen while living overseas , this would be far from the most bizarre . 
  there 's no context in which a beating as seen in [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw-v8asc6ac ) video is appropriate . 
  self defence ? 
  nope , she 's clearly in total control of the situation and not under any threat , so that clearly does n't apply . 
  i would like us to move to a republic while keeping the system the same . 
  i do n't want a president with serious power like in the us , and i 'm not even sure i want a directly elected president . 
  i 'd like a president exactly like our current governor general , but appointed by some democratic method . 
  perhaps a super majority of parliament , perhaps directly by the people , or something else . 
  whatever happens , i want the system as close to the current one as possible , because it * works * . 
  that 's exactly how i want it done . 
  the only question i have is exactly how we would decide on the president . 
  would they be directly elected ? 
  elected by a supermajority of parliament ? 
  some combination of those , or something else entirely ? 
  i 'm really not sure what the best way to do it would be . 
  i just know i do n't want to change the role of this person in any way from that of the governor general 's . 
  i 'm confused about how they would n't know written english to the same standard as a normal person , though . 
  at least on average . 
  i 'm guessing this is the case in the us ? 
  i honestly do n't know much about the situation here in aus , although i find it very hard to believe it 's as bad as what you just described . 
  edit : i 'd like to point out that the term ` normal ' is technically correct , although i can appreciate it might be deemed somewhat offensive . 
  what would a more appropriate term be ? 
   a long series of events from the 1800s, 
  a specific series of events ? 
  i 'd be interested in learning more , if you 've got time for a brief explanation . 
  similarly , if you 're into music , the [ international music score library project ] ( http://imslp.org/ ) has an incredible collection of public domain sheet music ( and even a fairly impressive selection of public domain or cc recordings ) . 
  because until recently the monarch would always be a male unless there was no male heir , so it really was a kingdom , since having a king would take precedence over a queen . 
  source : completely made up the part about that being the reason it 's called a kingdom . 
  my uni has a deal for a free copy of windows !, 
  ( at least for engineering students . ), 
  not everyone has access to netflix . 
  i do n't know if i 'm missing something , but the guy you replied to said there was a plague that wiped out most native americans * before * columbus , whereas what you describe happened * after * him . 
  actually , my memory of the mythbusters episode was they did n't do anything with the lid . 
  it was based on distance from the toilet , but always with the lid left up . 
  well if the engineers are going to be building the walls and fences , it makes sense that someone would have to provide the windows and gates , right ?
