  generally we were really heavily into it a while ago , and just gradually got bored with it and only continue to play casually . 
  maybe ? 
  have you explained it to me before ? 
  from the sounds of it , no . 
  you have to hack at least once per `` day '' . 
  but the day does n't begin at midnight local time , it begins with some ( possibly arbitrary ? ), 
  offset . 
  it 's not a rolling 24 hour buffer -- which would be more intuitive and logical . 
  the woolworths in australian is completely unrelated to the woolworths that a few other countries had in the early 2000s . 
  til `` isitup.org '' is run by atlassian . 
   how the fuck do i write 3 . and 4 . on reddit ? 
  basically , reddit sees `` x. '', 
  ( where `` x '' is any number ) and thinks `` i 'm going to make this into an ordered list '' ( that 's ` < ol  ` in html ) . 
  by default , they just start numbering from 1 . 
  there are technically ways to override this , but the syntax used by reddit does n't include that . 
  the way to avoid it is to `` escape '' it , so that reddit ignores the characters as far as syntax goes , and just shows the exact characters you wrote . 
  you do this by placing a backslash before the full stop . 
  be confident, 
  comes out as :, 
  be confident, 
  that 's great if it 's true . 
  the vast majority of people would not do the same . 
  by the way , if you really are being truthful , [ here ] ( https://www.google.com/contributor/welcome/ ) . 
  sign up for this . 
  you can pay to remove ads on your site and not steal revenue from sites by flat out blocking advertising . 
  mate , i specifically qualified that by saying that the description only applies if you 're doing those things . 
  do n't read in stuff that was n't there . 
  yeah same , i 've had a bad cold since last friday . 
  there 's been measles going around at my uni and i was worried i had that , but it seems to be getting better rather than worse , so i guess i should count myself lucky . 
  holy shit they 're out already ? 
  that 's pretty early for magpies to be swooping , is n't it ? 
  i still ca n't go outside without a jumper on except right in the middle of the day ... 
  also do n't make friends . 
  magpies are evil little fuckers . 
  you converted to proper temperatures for us , but left us hanging on the pace . 
  is 8:30 good ? 
  i have no idea . 
  unless it 's already in min/k , in which case i guess that 's not * too * bad considering the temperature , if the distance is long enough . 
  oh that was n't mockery . 
  it was mere confusion , really . 
  i thought you knew something i did n't , and that it actually was perhaps run by atlassian ( though the whois registry certainly did n't point in that direction ) . 
  yeah the morgan stuff st the start of s05 was awful . 
  in hindsight it was obviously completely essential , but at the time it was the most frustrating thing . 
  yes , vat absolutely is a regressive tax , and that definitely is a problem . 
  but the thing is , most states in the us already have sales taxes of some sort , and they 're all different !, 
  you 've even got counties and cities with their own taxes to take into account . 
  these are just as regressive as a national vat would be , but they create the situation where a person seeing something on shelves in a store and looking at prices does n't actually pay the amount that the thing says it will cost them . 
  same with advertising . 
  that ad for the thing that cost $ 49.99 ? 
  you ca n't actually buy it with a $ 50 bill , so suck it !, 
  everywhere else in the world , tax is already included in the price advertised . 
  it means people know what they 're actually paying without having to multiply by numbers like 1.075 or 1.08875 ( california and new york , respectively ) . 
  having one national sales tax instead of this stupid system where individual states have different taxes , and even different areas within states might have their own additional rates , would make it * so * much easier to get the us to catch up with the rest of the world in this one respect . 
  yes it 's recessive , but this can be greatly mitigated by having fresh foods and other essentials be exempt , and it 's a big step up from the current piecemeal situation . 
  edit : in light of [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3guvzy/iam_john_greenauthor_of_paper_towns_cocreator_of/cu1xpkt ) , disregard pretty much all the above . 
  apparently john does n't want to fix that situation . 
  he wants to pile on more stuff . 
  this sounds like a terrible idea . 
  holy shit . 
  10 degrees is fucking freezing . 
  i start wearing a jumper at like 18 . 
  it 's when it gets * under * 18 that things get uncomfortable . 
  i know what 75 degrees means . 
  it means potassium has gone completely liquid , and any humans are dying . 
  yeah i definitely agree . 
  23 degrees is a nice temperature for exercising . 
  too much higher and things get uncomfortable while exercising , too much colder and it 's hard to force yourself to start . 
  that 's kinda how you should do things . 
  it uses less energy since you 're changing the room temperature less . 
  fun fact : everyone expected the spanish inquisition , because they gave you 30 days notice . 
  back in my day we had to cool ourselves down by jumping in a pit of lava !, 
  the 10 point scale seems unnecessarily specific . 
  is there a particular reason you used this rather than a usual 5 point `` strongly agree , agree , ... '' scale ? 
  when the scale is this fine , i find it hard to decide exactly where i lie , and i usually just make it up . 
  if i were to do the same survey twice , i 'd probably end up with significantly different results ( with the total \u2206 being like 14 points or so , on an absolute scale with 18 questions ) . 
  the difference between a 7 and an 8 is just arbitrary . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  what sort of scenarios are your players going through ? 
  i ca n't even * imagine * a game where charisma based checks do n't make up like 90 % of the out-of-combat rolls . 
  so they 're only alluded to ? 
  no details on what sort of content each of those may have ? 
  ah cool , thanks . 
  ca n't wait to see them !, 
  i would n't worry too much about doing that . 
  try and get composition , exposure , and focus spot on in camera when you can , but adjusting white balance and saturation to get it looking nice is fine . 
  there 's really only limited control over those things in camera . 
  if you 're shooting raw , you 're actually * meant * to adjust those things to preference in post , since there 's nothing applied in the image . 
  if you 're shooting jpeg , the camera is basically choosing for you what it thinks is best . 
  in this way , jpeg is great for getting an image that you can share online really quickly , but it gives you less control over your image . 
  yeah it 's basically a browser-based capture the flag game . 
  two teams of four , really solid mechanics . 
  the devs have obviously paid very close attention to the physics so that it feels realistic and provides a good amount of challenge to master . 
  just a tip `` droids '' refers to a specific line of verizon/motorola phones . 
  it * is n't * a generic term for all phones running the android operating system . 
  yeah mike , you 're right about the x. os x is pronounced `` oh ess ten '' , and final cut pro x is also `` ten '' , not `` ex '' . 
  as a fun little proof of this , type ` say `` os x '' ' into the terminal on a mac . 
  i know this subreddit is generally very loose with what sort of pieces can be considered `` elitist '' , but j. s. bach 's well tempered clavier is n't even close to making the cut . 
  it 's one of the most well known pieces by one of the most well known composers out there . 
  seriously , it 's so incredibly easy . 
  in php at least , there 's a single inbuilt function that handles the whole thing for you .
