  quite frankly , any adult who does n't know this on an intellectual level is either a moron or severely under-educated . 
  there 's just no excuse for someone who had a primary school education ( that 's elementary school for the yanks ) to not know it . 
  * however * , while on an intellectual level they should know it , at an instinctual level , i agree with you . 
  an american would n't be * used * to thinking this way , and so it might not immediately occur to them . 
  so the reminder is still helpful . 
  so why the necessity of the paste bin redirect ? 
  why not just point them to the download page ? 
  ( e.g. , thepiratebay.whatever / torrent/numbersanddescription , which has buttons on it to start the download . ), 
  that also is not a direct download link , right ? 
  do n't think so . 
  if he was actively * trying * to sense what was going on , sure , he probably could . 
  but i do n't think it 's a sense that works passively , especially not when he 's in the mood that he was at the end there . 
  yeah seriously . 
  that subreddit went to shit way faster than most do after the end of the series . 
  it was just unbearable . 
  all of korra is watchable , with the episodes in season 2 named beginnings parts 1 and 2 being absolutely phenomenal , up there with some of the best of the original show . 
  season 3 was also fantastic . 
  most of seasons 2 and 4 were substantially weaker , but definitely still watchable in my opinion . 
  also do n't forget the comics , the promise , the search , and the rift , which tell the story of the gaang after the original show . 
  ( the search in particular reveals what happened to zuko 's mum . ), 
  they 're awesome . 
  preferably play it on an upright with a relatively light wooden case . 
  then drum on the case with your hands . 
  definitely agree , the power points system was so fun . 
  it 's a different sport , but i unfortunately hear brisbane 's rugby league ( + union + soccer ) field referred to as `` suncorp stadium '' far more often than its traditional name of lang park , these days . 
  it 'll always be lang park to me ( even though i 'm too young to have ever known a time when it was officially that ) , but still . 
  a whatnow ? 
  sure , because i love working in multiples of 3.2 \u00d7 10 ^ -20 parsecs, 
  where in the country are you ? 
  i 'm seeing one just about every ad break here in brissy . 
  it 's some phone system or something , with [ this woman ] ( http://www.commander.com/images/website/home-page/welcome-to-the-office-of-everywhere.jpg ) in the ads . 
  i 've heard someone theorise that they need time to generate the hawkeye stuff , so they start with the simpler technologies . 
  not sure how true that is , though . 
  no , i 'm not kidding you . 
  i do n't speak hindi , and i rarely pop in to these discussion threads ( did n't go to any aus v ind , and only popped in to one or two during the world cup ) . 
  but thanks for the explanation . 
  the impact was n't outside off . 
  at least according to hawkeye , the tiniest sliver of the impact ( as in , where the ball hit the batter 's leg -- * not * where the ball bounced ) was in line with the stumps . 
  it was probably the wrong call on the part of the umpire to initially give that out given how close it was , however * given * that the field umpire * did * give it out , the third umpire 's decision to maintain that call was right . 
  in fact , i 'd say it 's exactly the same as the earlier lbw call . 
  the umpire * should * have given that out , but he did n't . 
  and the third umpire made the right decision to uphold the umpire 's call . 
  aww mate , i 'm freezing my arse off in brissy . 
  i do n't think i could stand to be that far south ( and in land , to boot !, 
  seriously ? 
  does everyone over there use cash normally ? 
  oh man , the idea of being able to do that is just so damn awesome . 
  we 've had paywave here in aus for a while ( i * think * for a touch longer than the uk , based just on the fact that i * know * it 's more widely adopted here than the uk ) , but i have to use my dedicated payment card ( gocard , my region 's equivalent of london 's oyster card ) for public transport . 
  it does n't work with debit cards that have paywave/paypass . 
  out of curiosity , how do concessions work in the uk ? 
  if you want concession rates , do you have to use a special concessions oyster card , or is there a way of getting it to work with a debit card ? 
  no , it would be more like if you walked in to the park just behind their backyard and started playing some cricket or soccer or whatever with your own equipment . 
  i wonder what the rates are if you add debit cards in . 
  i know here in australia , cash does n't seem to get used all that much , but at least among the people i know , * debit * cards are extremely common , with credit cards less so . 
  but in common conversation , the two get used interchangeably sometimes . 
  so i wonder what the actual data is on that here , or in europe and the us . 
  ah right . 
  so you register your debit card with the oyster system , it 's not something that `` just works '' so to speak ? 
  i was thinking it was something like you tap on , it registers your card in a database ( making a # 0 purchase or something , if the payment system requires that , i 'm not sure how that would work ) , then when you tap off , it charges the correct amount from your card . 
  now that i put it in words like that , it seems so obvious that it 's not really a feasible system , at least from my understanding of how eftpos systems work . 
  modern credit cards work using the same chip system as debit . 
  us credit cards that you swipe are different , but modern ones used in australia or the uk would almost certainly work anywhere in germany that already accepts debit . 
  hey , murdoch is an american . 
  we do n't have to take the blame for him any more . 
  also piers morgan was in the audience , so the uk brought their own shit heads . 
  dropping people never creates a good result for the people . 
  especially if it 's ( a ) someone under 2 years old or ( b ) off a cliff/bridge/tall place . 
  let 's throw some schostakovich at them first . 
  then when we get to the beethoven , it 'll sound far more palatable to their ancient ears !, 
  tpts :, 
  use chrome . 
  or firefox . 
  or opera . 
  just not ie . 
  use your browser 's incognito/private browsing/whatever mode when doing anything you might want to remove from your history . 
  ( for example , `` buying surprise gifts for a loved one '' . ), 
  i 'm gon na guess you came here from / r/all ? 
  queensland is one of our northern states , which means that it snowing would be like one of america 's southern states experiencing snow . 
  to be precise , the southernmost points of qld are about the same distance from the equator as miami . 
  this becomes less clear in cases where you enjoy some aspects but not others . 
  i had to sludge through dragon age origins because i loved the story . 
  it was just so fantastic . 
  but the gameplay was beyond awful . 
  i still think it was worth the sludge just to get to the end , but that does n't mean some parts of it were n't a horrible experience . 
  does this remove * other * affiliate codes ? 
  because that 's bad . 
  but if it 's just adding its affiliate when you went to amazon by yourself and did n't have any affiliates , then i do n't see the problem . 
  [ but squirrel is a different thing ] ( https://www.grc.com/sqrl/sqrl.htm ) . 
  either would be correct , because both pronunciations are correct . 
  i 've not played many crpgs . 
  all i know is that it was really frustrating being forced to micromanage the whole party using all these individual powers for each of them , especially since if i * did n't * micromanage them all , * all of the time * , they 'd get in my way . 
  just trying to get the mage to use an aoe attack at the beginning of a fight was impossible , because the rest of the party would fucking run in and get hit by it . 
  a big part of it is just that i really , really , do not enjoy that kind of gameplay . 
  but i do feel that there were certain aspects of it that are fundamentally * bad * design . 
  it being so difficult to get your party to do what you want them to do is the latter . 
  edit : i played da after having first played mass effect . 
  it was similar in that you had the ability to manage your squad of players ( and the narrative style was very similar ) . 
  however , it was * really * fun . 
  managing what your squad did n't felt like a fun way of increasing my ability to overcome enemies , rather than an essential tedium that was required in order to not die every encounter . 
  hey , / u/mindofmetalandwheels , i know you 've tended to be fairly protective of your identity on the internet .
