  using the rules from the player 's handbook here would reduce the score by 0.25 . 
  i 'm rating the last two bullet points as worth a combined -- 0.25 because both amount to highly a circumstantial requirement for the expenditure of a little more gold . 
  overall , the large race itself is a fairly reasonable template . 
  i do think that the changes to push capacity and mount size were unnecessary and ultimately for the worse , but the mechanics work pretty nicely . 
  one note of caution : i do worry about the balance of advantage on all strength skill checks . 
  i 've ranked it 2 because that 's what detect balance says , and because in my games i have very , * very * rarely seen it come up . 
  grappling almost always seems to be an awful choice and so players just do n't bother , and other types of strength checks are even rarer . 
  but grappling is * discussed * a lot , and so i worry that perhaps some people actually do find it useful . 
  if this is the case , perhaps the score of this should be raised to as much as 2.5 or even 3 , especially since it also comes with advantage on strength saving throws ( which are admittedly very rare , but not worth * nothing * ) . 
  if this were to be the case , it could be extremely worrying , because many of the races below are on the tip of acceptable balance assuming this is worth a relatively low amount of 2 . 
  increasing how much value is placed on this pushes some of the other races past what is acceptable . 
  all the mechanics do a pretty good job of reinforcing the theme of a minotaur . 
  the minotaur 's unique traits i would rank as worth 4.75 . 
  two for the asi , 1 for the weapon , 0.5 each for the speed , darkvision , and memory , and 0.25 for a choice of language , rather than a specific language . 
  that makes this overall worth 7.5 . 
  within the bounds of what 's seen in the player 's handbook , but right at the upper limit of that , equal to the mighty mountain dwarf . 
  however , in the case of the minotaur 's abilities , this is probably fine . 
  natural weapons are of relatively circumstantial utility , as is the labyrinthine recall . 
  in summary , very strong , but probably okay . 
  the base race 's unique abilities are worth about 1.25 , so the base race becomes worth 4.0 . 
  the bogre is about 3.25 , with reach being 1.25 , and the initiative bonus about a plus 1 . 
  that makes the bogre a total of 7.25 . 
  i would also say that i find the design of a static bonus like this to be a rather unidiomatic one . 
  there are a few abilities that do this in the game , but not many , and i believe that granting advantage on initiative would be simpler and roughly equal in terms of mechanics here . 
  i would say the orog is about 2.75 , for a total of 6.75 . 
  right in the sweet spot of design for overall strength , and a range of abilities that cover a broad spectrum of capabilities , probably the best-designed option in document . 
  hob-ogres probably rate around 2.75 , for a total of 6.75 . 
  saving face is a difficult ability to rate . 
  it 's basically an automatic success on one near-miss , once per rest . 
  i 'm calling it about 0.75 , but it might be higher than that , especially for a class capable of putting a lot of resources into a single attack * before * the fact . 
  olls are about 2.5 for a total of 6.5 . 
  i 'm scoring the healing ability as 1 , since it effectively reduces the damage taken each round by 4 , which is quite substantial at lower levels . 
  but it 's difficult to decide what that 's worth . 
  i ca n't imagine it being worth * more * than one , certainly , so if i 'm overrating this ability , the oll might be a tad weak as far as options go , and could use another minor ability to buff it . 
  as it is though , it 's pretty good . 
  half-humans are very strong , with a score of about 4.5 . 
  2.25 for the flexible asi , 1 for advantage on death saves ( an enormously powerful ability ) , and 1.25 for the flexible skill proficiencies . 
  that makes this subrace option overall worth 8.5 , a massive and totally unacceptable score . 
  they get a +2 , +1 , all the advantages of being large , and advantage on death saves . 
  that 's an incredible substantial bonus that makes them an almost unstoppable force . 
  #### onlings, 
  mechanically i would rate these about 4.25 on their own , or a 7 overall . 
  another very well balanced option , in my opinion . 
  while i 'm on them , the cantrip * umbraturgy * is a pretty powerful one compared to other similar ones like * thaumaturgy * and * prestidigitation * , but i think it 's still okay . 
  using it to provide advantage on stealth is about equivalent to taking the help action , so it 's no huge problem . 
  the second bullet point has no duration , while the third does . 
  it would be best to make these uniform , probably by removing the explanation of the duration of any effect whose duration can last up until the duration of the spell as a whole . 
  conclusion in another comment . 
  ran into the character limit . 
  ### overview :, 
  the large race template is easily the best bit of this . 
  a few minor flaws with it that may simply be oversights . 
  the races themselves are a bit on the high end , but mostly fine , if lacking in flavour to go along with them . 
  avoid the half-humans like the plague though . 
  they are crazy strong . 
  paging / u/swordmeow . 
  : no idea why the markdown has emboldened and centred the bit about advantage on strength throws . 
  it should n't be . 
  edit : figured out why the table is messed up !, 
  there 's something in the boh5e css that 's messing with things . 
  definitely agree with mr writer . 
  not knowing anything about that game , i have no idea what this is even meant to be . 
  it 's completely lacking in the flavour which * needs * to be at the core of any prestige class . 
  it might be there in your head and in the game , which is fine , but you need to get it down in writing . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you ( because that 's what i assume it is -- i do n't speak portuguese , which i assume is the language ) , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge threads . 
  best of luck . 
  i ca n't see the post itself , since it 's been removed , but this strikes me as an odd ruling . 
  from the title , it sounds like the guy was trying to build an entire * magic system * . 
  certainly not something that a d&d focussed subreddit like ua could help with , and it seems pretty firmly in the realm of world building . 
  i do n't want to tell you how to run your subreddit . 
  it just seems like a strange ruling to me . 
  i have never experienced this myself . 
  in fact , i 've seen hardly * anyone * advocate for not including feats , and only a small number of people who do n't like multiclassing . 
  i saw a lot of people early on who were happy with the amount of content and were glad that wizards was being slow in releasing new stuff , but i have n't heard anything from them in * years * . 
  everything i 've seen has been people who are either clamouring for more content , or neutral on the idea . 
  certainly , it is absolutely trivial to demonstrate a relatively common and simple character concept ( i.e. , a concept which is not exactly `` special snowflake '' ) that is not served by the current rules . 
  that , to me , makes it absolutely clear that the people who say wizards should not put out more content are plain * wrong * . 
  not that they are wrong in the style of game * they * play , but that they are wrong that there is no * room * for more content to exist out there . 
  i do n't go to the off-reddit d&d forums . 
  my experience of those from my brief forays to them has been that they 're for more interested in min/maxing and character optimisation than i am , or / r/dndnext is . 
  frank wildhorn 's dracula is pretty straight , as musicals go . 
  what 's more straight than a ( male ) demon of the night trying to seduce women , who themselves are trying to choose between male suitors ? 
  i assume this was a mechanic you came up with intended for 3 . x or 4e ? 
  a -4 penalty is * crazy * in 5e . 
  far beyond reasonable . 
  if you were to use this type of system in 5e , you 'd probably need to halve the penalties at each level , or maybe even quarter them . 
  my biggest concern about this at first is that it could easily lead to a situation where no one hits anyone . 
  everyone 's attacks become so weak that they just never land a blow . 
  i like the * concept * , but i 'd be interested to see how it actually plays in practice . 
  what sort of dynamics do you actually see happen because of this ? 
  do people actually try strategically healing to stay above a particular threshold ? 
  what other impacts does it have on how players choose to behave ? 
  on a point not related to the content itself , this is * painfully * slow . 
  i know many think that matt speaks too fast , and they 're probably right , but this takes things way too far to the other extreme . 
  i had to put it up to 1.5 times just to sound like a normal comfortable conversational speed . 
  and that was still slower than the rate i usually prefer informational videos . 
  even 2x was at the slower end of what i prefer , since the base rate was so slow .
