  i doubt many people in this thread would have agreed with john howard 's policies , but at the very least , he was never an embarrasment to the country . 
  in australia , `` liberal '' means right-wing , not left-wing . 
   you can even upload your own songs and download them to your other devices, 
  this part is free , at least to a certain extent . 
  i 've got my library going through google play now . 
  but ... does n't that mess up increased or decreased paper sizes ? 
  with a4 , you get a3 in exactly the same ratio by putting two side-by-side , and a5 by folding it in half . 
  if you doubled or halved letter , you 're gon na get weird ratios , are n't you ? 
  #turnbull won, 
  uhh , no . 
  in a house of 150 seats , the coalition holds 90 . 
  i do n't know if that number is including canning or not , but you can add or subtract 1 and either way , it 's still a majority . 
  this parliament is nowhere * near * hung . 
  as they said on the abc , `` the last time australia had a pm who served a full term , the iphone had n't been invented . '', 
  question : is the slang meaning of `` tosser '' an australian slang , or will the non-aussies in this thread also get the joke ? 
  pretty damn low , unfortunately . 
  referenda in australia nearly always fail , because of how difficult the requirements to succeed are . 
  plus , not all people who * support * becoming a republic would necessarily vote `` yes '' on a referendum . 
  there are a lot of different proposed models of a republic . 
  some people want to emulate the us , some would prefer basically what we have now , except the governor-general would not gets their power through the crown , and would be appointed by ( possible a super-majority of ) parliament . 
  and a variety of opinions in between . 
  and that 's aside from the fact that support for becoming a republic in the general sense is much lower today than it was early this millenium . 
  voting record is meaningless in australia , especially for someone who has been a front-bencher for so long . 
  he has been bound by the party line . 
  [ turnbull has been very public in his support for marriage equality ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/malcolm-turnbull-says-us-marriage-equality-judgment-clearly-adds-to-momentum-in-australia-20150628-ghzths.html ) . 
  back when he was previously opposition leader , [ it was his support of real environmental policies that got him ousted from the role ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_party_of_australia_leadership_spill,_2009 ) . 
  now , i do n't have enormous hope that the party line will change significantly regarding the environment , because he wo n't want to risk losing the leadership over it again . 
  but i am tentatively hopeful that we may get marriage equality next term or * maybe * even this term . 
  he 's significantly less economically right than many in the party , though . 
  he initially lost leadership of the liberal party over his defense of the ets -- something which is most definitely government intervention in the economy . 
  potentially a lot could change . 
  potentially , not so much . 
  depends on the model chosen . 
  i would be very much against moving towards a us-like model where the president has significant power . 
  but such a model certainly * would * involve a lot of change . 
  personally , what i want is for nothing to change , except the face on the back of our coins , the symbol in the top left of our flag , and the status of the country as being a constitutional monarchy . 
  i * want * little to change , but i also do n't like having a non-democratic head of state . 
  on each bill , you only vote `` aye '' or `` no '' , there 's no `` voting strongly '' . 
  it 's just to do with how frequently you vote aye/no when multiple bills about the same topic come to the floor . 
  if you get 5 bills related to carbon pricing and vote `` aye '' 3 times and `` no '' 2 times , that would probably be `` moderately for '' . 
  but it 's important to note that none of these stats actually mean anything . 
  in australia , party discipline is * extremely * strong . 
  far more than the us , and more even than the uk or canada . 
  his voting record does n't represent anything about his personal beliefs , since he had to vote with the party view . 
   yet another prime minister ... pension we have to pay, 
  nope . 
  abbott was outsted 4 days short of receiving his pm 's pension . 
  good news for progressives for now . 
  but bad news come the next election , as turnbull is far more likely to win it than abbott would have been . 
  fwiw , he has n't made a speech as prime minister , because he is n't prime minister yet , strictly speaking . 
  but you 're right , he did say he 'd be sticking with the current policy . 
  i would n't really trust anything anyone says about policy for the rest of the week , though . 
  until the entire new cabinet has been sworn in . 
  yes , his beliefs do matter now . 
  not entirely , he ca n't just single-handedly dictate the party line ( indeed , doing too much of that was part of what made abbott unpopular and got him ousted tonight ) , but to some extent he should be able to shift the party line somewhat to the left , especially on social issues . 
  he should be sworn in as pm tomorrow morning , i believe . 
  but he said he would n't get the rest of the new cabinet arrangements done until the end of this sitting week . 
  my thoughts are that he said what he said in today 's speech mainly because he did n't want to commit to anything in particular before he had a chance to discuss it with the new cabinet . 
  that 's why i would pretty much disregard any statements about policy until the new cabinet is sworn in . 
  yes he does . 
  nothing that gets said regarding policy between now and when his new cabinet is sworn in can be taken to mean anything significant . 
  he first got kicked out as leader of the opposition by tony abbott because he strongly defended his stance * supporting * an emissions trading scheme . 
  it 's essentially synonymous with `` wanker '' . 
  i think that 's also a bit of a british/australian slang term , but it 's probably one that 's more familiar in america than `` tosser '' is . 
  ( and even if it is n't , it 's one that 's easier to figure out by guessing based on the constituent parts of the word . ), 
   fiscally `` conservative '' ( or at least `` responsible '' ), 
  you say that as though fiscally conservative is the same as fiscally responsible . 
  which , admittedly , is what the liberal party would want us to believe . 
  but fiscal conservatism means removing or decreasing funding to important things like publicly funded healthcare , education , and infrastructure . 
  that does n't sound very responsible to me . 
  no , this is useless . 
  party discipline in australia , especially on the front bench , is way too strong . 
  people 's voting records do n't show anything about how they actually feel on a given issue ( unless they 're an independent ) . 
  he 's been voting the party line , and if he did n't he never would have gotten here . 
  what they actually store is an encrypted blob that represents the collection of your username and password . 
  it gets decrypted client-side when you give the application your master password . 
  he 's implying that `` a company that does n't allow you to install extensions or have your phone with you on the floor '' is something that we should not still be experiencing in 2015 . 
  the issue ( at least with my bank ) is n't storage . 
  passwords are salted and hashed appropriately . 
  they restrict to just 8 characters because they do n't want to deal with customer support from people who make longer passwords and then forget them . 
  it 's frustrating , but i can at least understand why they do it . 
  thankfully , they lock the account entirely after just 3 incorrect entries and require phone verification . 
  but saying `` oh whoops '' probably would have been wrong . 
  i wo n't pretend to be able to see into that user 's mind , but it seems to me that this was an attempt at a `` reddit switcharoo '' . 
  one which backfired quite substantially . 
  it 's missing the psionic one and the recent variant ranger one . 
  mods , can we get them added ? 
  / u/the _ singular_anyone , / u/john _ fushi , / u/mmogel, 
   it just gets really complicated with taking pics, 
  does it ? 
  my understanding is that this falls under child pornography laws , not age of consent laws , and the former is pretty consistently age 18 in the developed world , while the latter varies from as low as 13 to as high as 18 ( maybe higher ? ) . 
  so , with the pictures thing , it 's not actually very complicated at all . 
  it 's just 18 . 
  i do n't think that 's complicated . 
  it 's pretty simple , actually . 
  incredibly * stupid * , but simple to understand what 's going on . 
  about 15 pages in high school ? 
  it would n't happen to have been an extended essay , would it ? 
  i 've never even watched 30 rock , so i 've no opinion on it . 
  can not stand the american version of the office .
