  i do n't see how anyone could make a reasonable argument against that . 
  still waiting for my blue fire flair . 
  i also thought she sounded kinda like hama . 
  when she first appeared it took me a second to realise it was toph , not hama . 
  had to take a second look at her . 
  what really got me was the use of the avatar theme from the original show just as they revealed her to be toph . 
  what , no , they 're talking about tla book 4 . 
  have you never seen it ? 
  my only problem with that theory is that it raises a big question . 
  why does it attack her ? 
  i was worried it was going to end when it faded to black after korra fell into the mercury at 21:15 ( right before she woke up in toph 's cave ) . 
  * that * would have been a bad cliffhanger . 
  apart from bosco , every normal animal we 've seen has been a spirit . 
  i think that 's the important part . 
  i just did appa and it got that . 
  edit : also managed to get pabu . 
  holy shit this is cool . 
  edit : and hama . 
  i 'm seriously impressed . 
  okay absolutely last edit , it also managed to get tui ( as in tui and la ) . 
  okay i know i said last edit before , but i mean it this time . 
  it had some serious trouble figuring out bato . 
  took something like 23 guesses . 
  i 'm goonna be honest , i 've watched that scene about a dozen times already . 
  it has to have some fuzzy logic going , too , though , does n't it ? 
  otherwise what would the `` probably '' / `` probably not '' options be for ? 
  pabu may resemble a real-life red panda , but in-universe he 's a fire ferret , which , while not a mixture of two animals per se , is similar to the flying bison in that it is n't just a normal animal . 
  so it does n't say anything about him . 
  as for bosco , make of it what you will . 
  perhaps he 's actually a spirit . 
  i personally prefer the idea that he 's just one-of-a-kind and unusual . 
  yeah that 's exactly how most aussies would pronounce it . 
  i have to say , i 'm a little confused as to why yoghurt sounds posh but water does n't . 
  i figured it was the dragged out vowels that did it . 
  but ah well , nobody said these things have to make sense . 
  wait who 's having sex with the national security agency ? 
  i feel like life expectancy at birth is a far less useful metric than life expectancy at 1 year old + infant mortality rate . 
  yeah , i 'm rather disappointed to see him downvoted so harshly . 
  i do n't agree with everything he said , but it was politely stated and very much on topic . 
  i definitely agree zuko alone was a * much * better episode , and i 'm disappointed to see this episode compared to it , because it really falls short . 
  i did n't find korra alone to be a * bad * episode , per se , but to me it felt kinda ... meh ... , with a few cool moments like the aang reference , the adorable spirits , and the whole toph scene . 
  wow . 
  i just had a read through his wikipedia page . 
  daaymn that 's one impressive man . 
  really cool , thanks for the info !, 
  i use one of these with my nexus 4 . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  i had one not too different from that picture before , but recently switched to [ this one ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/njawwdywma==/z/macaaoxymxprpzlp/$%28kgrhqr,!qyfgtwpe5cobrpzlopmsg~~60_12.jpg ) . 
  it 's absolutely massive , which is obviously a bit annoying , but it means i can carry all my cards and some cash , whereas before i had to leave some stuff behind because it could n't all fit . 
  oh man i wish i could get it down that far . 
  3 cards is how many i need just to get on the damn bus , before taking into account actual payment cards and legal id . 
  also brunei . 
  and the entire indian subcontinent , most of southern africa ( not just rsa ) , and indonesia . 
   also , about half the people drove on the left and the other half drove on the right, 
  hahaha i absolutely love that about southeast asia . 
  vietnam 's the same ( though not quite as bad in that sense as cambodia , from my experience ) , though in that case at least all the cars have the wheel on the left . 
  i imagine cambodia probably imports many of their cars through either vietnam or thailand , which would be the reason for the mix . 
  but yeah , the first time i went to brunei was on a school trip , and we barely left the hotel ( absolutely massive place , had all the facilities the trip needed ) , so when i got back home and was asked about the country , `` they drive on the left '' was basically the only comment i could make . 
  indonesia , i 've never been to , just got that one off of wikipedia . 
  wait , am i not supposed to be ? 
  i 've recently been learning to write with my right hand because i wanted to use fountain pens and quills , and found it too awkward with my left hand . 
  i 've only been going at it a few weeks , and i think my right hand might actually be neater than my left now ... ( though considerably slower ) . 
  i prefer korrlo . 
  starting ? 
  i 've found all the shipping stuff in korra annoying from the get go . 
  the canon relationship drama was cringe-worthy , and all the fan ships with this show are just horrible . 
  but the korrasami stuff takes it to a whole other level of annoying . 
  not only does it go against what we know about the characters ( we 've seen nothing to actually suggest either of the characters involved is anything other than heterosexual ) , but the shippers seem to take every possible opportunity to shove it in your face . 
  if i fold it back the chip in the card registers of the phone 's nfc reader and makes a beep noise , but no damage is done to anything . 
  i really liked s04e01 . 
  i did n't think i was going to have any problems with the season at all , and to be honest i 'm still not sure . 
  i just found this particular episode was mediocre . 
  my friend has a theory , and i ca n't say i totally disagree , that the worst thing about legend of korra is korra . 
  and that therefore the reason e01 was so great was because of the lack of korra . 
  one year olds are considered citizens , and yet we do n't let them drink . 
  i do n't think citizen is the word you 're looking for there . 
  perhaps you simply meant adult ? 
  haha no worries , we 've all been there . 
  do n't forget / r/classicalmemes ( not just for memes , any classical music jokes are cool ) . 
  octocontrabass clarinet or nothing . 
  do n't blame pachelbel for the arrangement for horn . 
  someone else did that arrangement . 
  also be thankful you 're not a percussion player playing snare in bol\u00e9ro . 
  the same two bars for like 12 minutes , with a gradual perfectly smooth crescendo . 
  i still am , and will remain , a staunch balicity shipper . 
  i usually count the first few rehearsals , but after that you learn what to listen out for and go off of that . 
  more accurately , x/8 is generally compound time . 
  you typically divide the quavers into groups of three where possible . 
  6/8 has six beats , but it feels the same as two beats in simple time ( 2/4 ) with triplets ( unless it 's at a particularly slow tempo , in which case it may actually feel like 6 beats ) . 
  that 's a surprisingly apt autocorrection you got there . 
  the 35 bars of rest is n't what 's interesting . 
  it 's the fact that there 's a crescendo marked over all those bars of rest . 
   the two diverging, 
  the term is hairpin , though admittedly it may not have been helpful to use that term when describing it to someone that does n't read music . 
  it 's possible that it was intentional for comedy 's sake . 
  more likely is either it was intentional because the composer wanted the performer to understand what the rest of the orchestra was doing , or that it was accidental from copy-pasting music , and then removing stuff , but forgetting to remove the hairpin . 
  to be honest , i think the latter is more likely , especially given the really unconventional rest pattern on the line above ( which is also likely the result of copy-pasting and then removing stuff ) . 
  i feel completely the opposite . 
  i think they started out with such a good premise and they 've completely squandered its potential . 
  to quote a couple of comments i read on reddit a while back :,
