  a deterministic one would require some change to the salt , which is going to have to be remembered or stored somehow . 
  in an ideal world , nowhere would have maximum password limits and nowhere would require specific combinations of characters . 
  but that 's not where we live . 
  the user * has * to adhere to the requirements of each site they use . 
  they do n't have a choice in that matter , so systems we come up with the solve the password problem have to work around it , not ignore it . 
  i think you 're probably right that whedon wo n't be able to save it , but at the very least it ca n't * hurt * . 
  i 'm holding out hope beyond hope , just like i was hoping suicide squad would be good , and i 'm hoping wondr woman will be . 
  holy shit that was incredible !, 
  most of these `` x in the style of y '' things tend to fall flat , or at best sound like the contours of one piece mashed onto the rhythm of another . 
  but not this , it 's awesome !, 
  that said , as the performer himself notes in the comments , it 's not really ragtime . 
  it 's more of a jazz style piece . 
  a common trick is to change your graduation date to the maximum date they 'll let you and get a new card , and then change your graduation date back to the correct date . 
  that way you can use your student id for at least a while after you 've graduated . 
  assuming the expiry date on your id is set based on your expected gradation date , which i 'm pretty sure all unis in aus do . 
  literally none of that is true . 
  the hall of fame is a page on the subreddit 's wiki . 
  it should display fine on any device and app that 's well-designed to take advantage of the wiki . 
  reddit mobile displays it just fine , and reddit is fun ( a mobile app for android ) does too . 
  i would suggest using one of these , if your current app does n't display it well . 
  might be a cookie you 've set at some point . 
  at the bottom of the page , there should be a link to go to `` reddit mobile '' . 
  i do n't know if that will be sticky , but it should at * least * make it mobile friendly for that visit . 
  what , is this all octopodes ? 
  there are a lot of different species , it seems weird to me that you 'd be able to make such a sweeping generalisation about them all . 
  sorry , who 's brett ford ? 
  edit : never mind . 
  they explained it, 
  reading 's a communist activity !, 
  yeah i 've been able to run skyrim including a bunch of mods and pretty high graphics on my 2012 mbp . 
  oblivion will run perfectly . 
  a bootcamp partition of something tiny like 20 -- 30 gb will easily be sufficient . 
  i 'd highly recommend playing it on pc . 
  some people have noted that it runs fairly well under wine . 
  that may be one option . 
  personally , i 've got a bootcamp partition that i use for gaming . 
  i 've had zero problms running skyrim plus a bunch of mods , on pretty high settings , on my 2012 mbp . 
  i 've run oblivion on max settings and never had any problems . 
  if you give the partition something tiny like 20 or 30 gb , you 'll be able to have oblivion and maybe a couple of other games installed on it at any time , depending on their size . 
  if for no other reason , the fact that you can get mods is * essential * for oblivion , more than most games . 
  the default levelling is completely borked , and mods easily fix it . 
  the unofficial patches for tes games are also really , really handy . 
  i have mixed feelings for a different reason . 
  i 'd much rather see this sort of money going towards an actual * cause * . 
  the [ fair use campaign ] ( https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/faircopyrightoz ) could really use this sort of money , and it 's working towards something that could have incredibly long-lasting benefits for australians and australia . 
  as much as i 'd love him not to have a seat , i 'm not sure how much dutton not being in parliament would actually * change * anything in terms of policy . 
  or if that 's not your cup of tea , i 'm sure there are heaps of other causes that would like the money . 
  marriage equality , maybe ? 
  or the republican movement , to stop abc/education/health funding cuts , to save the reef , or whatever . 
  or non-political charities , though i 've kinda been assuming for the most part that the money is already sort of `` earmarked '' for a political cause . 
  they also did a segment about chult on [ a recent episode of the dragon talk podcast ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/justin-ziran-and-kate-irwin-wizkids-miniatures ) . 
   i do n't know if aragorn does more nature things in the books, 
  i 'm actually in the middle of a re-read ( well ... listen ) at the moment . 
  my first re-read in nearly a decade . 
  just finished book 1 , so i 've only spent a few chapters with him ( just arrived in rivendell ) , but so far he definitely has quite a bit of rangerness about him . 
  he talks a lot about how well he can travel off road , how he knows the land etc. 
  there 's also the scene where he uses athelas to help heal frodo after the encounter at weathertop , which is in both the novel and the movies . 
  gandalf also tells us that it was aragorn who helped him track down gollum during his research , which is where he found out that gollum had been captured and released by sauron and given up the name * baggins * . 
  from my memory of later books and the movies , i think aragorn definitely does transform into more of a fighter as they go on , but he starts out very much a ranger . 
  that 's kind of the point of his whole arc , really . 
  coming into his crown . 
  if there were an aragorn-focussed prequel , i think you 'd find he 's much much more ranger than he is during the lord of the rings itself . 
  it 's definitely aragorn for me . 
  he 's described as being really good at travelling off-road , he knows the land , and the plants in it and how to use them . 
  he has some subtle almost magic-like abilities , but absolutely nothing that 's straight-up magic , except * maybe * the way he heals using athelas . 
  later on he multiclasses fighter very heavily , but the way he is as we see him in book one especially , he 's very heavily leaning on the ranger archetype . 
  when gandalf rejoins the party at the start of book 2 some of his rangerness gets put on the backburner a little because it 's not as necessary , and then obviously during i think book 3 ( might be 4 ? 
  ca n't remember ) , when he 's tracking the orcs with merry and pippin sans gandalf , some of the rangerness comes back to the fore . 
  but i definitely prefer a subtle sort of magic to my image of the rangers . 
  the phb and ua ranger * can * be reflavoured to fit this without too much work , but out of the box they have too high a level of magic for my liking . 
  as a side note , i have a secondary image of `` ranger '' , but it 's something that i think works better as a fighter/rogue multiclass than the ranger class . 
  it 's more like faramir of the ithilien rangers . 
  some nature and survival skill , but more heavy on stealth and combat prowess than on connection with nature . 
  aww come on guys . 
  what 's with the downvotes ? 
  he 's obviously just making a light joke . 
  edit : above comment was at -3 when i loaded the page, 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  this has the same two huge flaws that made me dismiss mearls ' system out of hand . 
  movement has a cost . 
  it borks everything that can be used to affect initiative , by making it no longer a skill check . 
  i would suggest having a look at the angry dm 's variant initiative system , which instead takes initiative as normal ( albeit rolled every round ) , and adds static bonuses/penalties to it based on what you declare at the start of the round . 
  it also gives movement for free . 
  you can find a link to it [ in this comment chain ] ( / r/dndnext/comments / 6dwjwb/its _ now_obvious_how_to_live_without_bonus_actions / di6etap / ? context = 1 ) , which i would also recommend reading . 
   74 % of series are won by the team that wins game 1, 
  -- phil gould, 
  he says that as though it 's impressive . 
  but that 's what you 'd expect if every team had a 50/50 chance of winning each game ... 
  hahaha . 
  not only did he play a good game of footy , he also did it while running a world record marathon time !, 
  yeah this was just a really good , solid game played by the blues . 
  thoroughly deserved that win . 
  i do n't think qld played * bad * by any measure , but just were n't up there . 
  well done nsw . 
  very different to game 3 last year . 
  have a look at [ our style guide ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) to see how to format things . 
  as a general tip though , paragraphs work as normal on reddit . 
  you need * two * blank lines in between them . 
  use a horizontal line ( made by '' **** '' on a line by itself ) to insert a bigger gap . 
  i think python is the best place to start with programming , because it teaches you to understand basic concepts like what a variable is , how scope works ( although it can fail to explain why `` some variables '' get edited outside of scope , since it does n't explicitly deal in pointers like other languages ) , how various loop constructs and conditionals work , that kind of thing .
