  * a fire reflavouring of vitriolic sphere rather than polymorph . 
  * legend lore instead of scrying , to represent that they have studied with the dragons , which are ancient knowledgeable creatures . 
  * contact other plane rather than modify memory . 
  this one would sort of represent iroh 's spirituality , especially as he was seen in korra . 
  regarding lightning redirection , i was mainly thinking of the zuko-azula agni kai from the finale , where he attempts to redirect the lightning directed at katara . 
  perhaps it could be as normal if it passes through your square , but with disadvantage if it only passes through a square within 5 feet . 
  that should help offset any potential balance issues , while still making it possible to do . 
  and fair enough , mea culpa regarding the level 14 ability . 
  i must have missed that one . 
  oh , one other thing i just realised i missed . 
  regarding multiclassing , you need to list which skills/items the character gains proficiency in if they multiclass into it . 
  simple and martial weapons , and one skill from the class 's skill list seems like a reasonable way to go . 
  why has so much effort been put into the star wars prequels ? 
  i think this is twofold . 
  first , it 's because the original trilogy holds so many great memories , and such a great amount of nostalgia for pretty much * everyone * born between about 1960 and 1995 or so . 
  they love the original , so they want to love the prequels too . 
  but to me , ** far ** more important , is that the prequels actually * do * have quite a lot beneath the surface that 's really good . 
  take a look at the plot at its * most * basic , and you 've actually got some really awesome films . 
  it was executed poorly and we ended up with something pretty terrible , but the * idea * behind them was incredible . 
  a story about the fall of someone who was supposed to be a saviour , and who started out so innocent , set in front of a backdrop of thrilling political drama involving a corrupt senate secretly being manipulated by a dark lord . 
  if you just took that , and expanded from there with competent writing , directing , casting , and acting , the prequels would have probably far * surpassed * the originals in quality . 
  but that 's not what happened , and we ended up with ... whatever it was that the prequels currently are . 
  i think a lot of people subconsciously recognise this , so combined with the nostalgia and love for the originals , they want to fix it . 
  one potential answer to your question would be that it means in the future he can sub out the video for a different player if he wants , while keeping the url the same . 
  hey , thanks for that . 
  i 've re-approved the submission . 
  so , likelihood that they fix this in future subs ? 
   you have advantage on stealth checks made in caves and other subterranean locals . 
  you probably mean `` locales '' here . 
  also , each time you give a stat increase , it should only say `` you stat score increases ... '' no capitalisation necessary on the word `` score '' . 
  each of the subraces seem pretty well balanced compared to the other , but overall the race is fairly weak . 
  i 'd probably score it about a 4.0 ( 2.0 for the base , and 2.0 for each of the subraces ) . 
  i 'd suggest adding one or two minor features to the base race to keep things balanced . 
  that said , they 're not game-breakingly weak as-is . 
  they 're about equal to the weakest of the existing official races . 
  ignore the guy complaining about them being evil or darkvision . 
  sure , some goblins can be good , just like some dwarves might occasionally be chaotic , but in most d&d worlds , goblins are an overwhelmingly evil race . 
  similarly , darkvision is an incredibly common part of their lore . 
  sure , it 's an annoyingly common trait in 5e , but that does n't mean you should n't add it if you 're creating a race that 's so obviously tied to living in caves and acting at night . 
  anyone know what time it comes out ? 
  i just went to check hoping it would be out already , but i guess it wo n't be until some time after the us has entered today . 
  that 's 0800 utc , right ? 
  okay cool , thanks . 
  [ i voted y0dxevkcj/jdj + s1wcjjcsnrqkdukqw7pjvxurcoe/s ], 
  not available in vietnam either . 
  though that 's probably for ... slightly different reasons . 
  i do wonder about the ending . 
  going the same route as the uk version seems a distinct possibility , but i also think that they could make it look like that 's the direction they 're going , and then subvert it at the last minute , with frank discovering the plot and foiling it , before looking at the camera and saying something to the effect of `` you did n't really think i was going to lose , did you ? '', 
  \\* tap tap *, 
  try the ib coordinator . 
  worst that can happen is they let their personal friendship get in the way of their professionalism and say no . 
  if that fails , escalate further and go to the principal . 
  there 's really no need to ask the ibo until you 've exhausted all reasonable options within the school . 
  yeah , this would definitely be nice . 
  on os x when chrome is full screen you ca n't even drag tabs out of one window to create a new window . 
  i ca n't speak for laptops , but the last time i installed linux ( ubuntu , to be precise ) on a desktop machine was about 9 months ago , and i eventually managed to get it set up in a comfortable fashion , but it was an insane amount of effort compared to windows or os x. i would certainly never even come close to recommending it for anyone who was n't a developer , and even then i 'd be hesitant . 
  chrome ( not chromium ) , dropbox , and skype were the biggest offenders . 
  any software not in the software centre was an absolutely horrible experience to get working . 
  the . deb file would try to open up in the software centre , but it just would n't work . 
  things that * were * in the software centre worked occasionally , but for reasons i ca n't understand it would often fail . 
  the only thing that consistently worked was apt-get , which , from memory , is how i ended up getting dropbox and chrome installed . 
  i eventually got skype working too , though it was so far out of date it was n't worth using and i uninstalled it . 
  not linux 's fault per se , but it still makes the experience of using the os less appealing . 
  there were also some serious problems with chrome for a long time , even after it was installed . 
  huge graphical artifacts that made it completely unusable until i restart the whole computer . 
  but i have n't experienced that problem in quite a while now , so it seems to have sorted itself out . 
  it 's not about facts , it 's about stereotypes . 
  and yes , there definitely is a general stereotype that republicans are more likely to be old white people , and old people are known for being unable to use technology . 
  the truth is n't as important as the stereotype , in this case . 
  honestly , they pretty much perfectly fit my image of a young right-wing family . 
  white , straight nuclear family , very wealthy , more than happy to flaunt their happy family/romance around in public , at least one family member in ( or formerly in ) the military . 
  the only thing missing is trips to church . 
   networking drivers are one, 
  oh yeah , this reminds me of when i tried to set up a home theatre pc that doubles as a seedbox for me at my parents ' house . 
  tried using linux , but there were all sorts of network problems so i ended up giving up on that and using windows . 
  made the seedbox aspect way harder , since i had to install third party stuff rather than just using ssh , but at least it had a working internet connection . 
  what you 've done here is interject into what is fundamentally a conversation about watsonian explanations for things with a doylist interpretation . 
  you 're almost certainly completely correct , but it 's entirely beside the point . 
  i can definitely see him dying in the last episode . 
  the show has very obvious shakespearean routes , in particular macbeth . 
  and in shakespeare , the evil ultimately , however belatedly , gets its comeuppance . 
  yeah , frank getting shot so early in the season pretty much killed the idea that he might die at the end of this season . 
  it would have been awkward writing if they 'd had him get shot , survived , and then got shot again . 
  and it would have been even worse for him to be languishing for a season and then die at the very end . 
  honestly i did n't think it really engaged me until episode 7 of this season . 
  after that , it was * amazing * . 
  original show spoilers :, 
  [ the original show very definitely followed the shakespearean tragedy format , yet it managed to accomplish that in only 3 seasons . 
  i was a touch disappointed when it did n't finish up last season ( probably did n't help that the whole season was pretty terrible ) . 
  and if you had told me ahead of time that this season was n't the last , i probably would 've been disappointed . 
  that said , i think they did a really good job of it . 
  i do still kinda wish that it had ended with this season , but it was still great , and if they do follow that 5-act format and end with next season , that should be pretty cool , too . 
  just do n't follow the gossip . 
  i had no idea there was another season announced until just now , and i still would n't if i had n't come to this subreddit and read this post . 
  i 'm honestly just really glad i did n't see it before finishing the season . 
  and a couple of blanks . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's just a night . 
  if you really want an answer to that , look at the show 's themes . 
  look at where it gets its inspiration from -- and i 'm * not * talking about the original show . 
  hey , if you want to discuss a little more about the parallels with the uk version , try / r/houseofcardsuk .
