   if you , or anyone reading this , ever decide to do this sort of thing again , you might consider the following : gather information on each of the victims of the other players . 
  give incriminating information to the victim 's family , friends , & local law-enforcement . 
  when the law-enforcement and families come in large enough numbers make sure you have set up the other pcs bases as traps ( perhaps flammable gas ) and watch them all burn !, 
  you can even pass it off as a form of warped justice , not unlike the red god from game of thrones . 
  marking things with spoiler tags would be nice , and, 
   ** do n't put spoilers in your submission titles . 
  it 's in the sidebar . 
  yeah the colour and composition is really nice . 
  i 'd probably do away with the rail , too , although it certainly still works with it there . 
  maybe a slightly longer exposure with a tripod and lowish iso , and it 'd be brilliant . 
  i 've certainly never found it creepy , but i 'd be very interested to know what about it you found to be that way . 
  well , the cash registers and systems displaying orders should n't be on the open internet , so it should n't be a problem for them . 
  the impression i got -- mainly because of this line, 
   it looks like the `` run '' emulator, 
  was that it 's made to * look * like a programme being run from the command prompt , but that it is n't actually . 
  i heard a windows xp sound effect ( i ca n't remember which one , but it was distinctly an xp sound ) while walking past a commonwealth atm a few months ago . 
  it would feel to me like a token useless nod to them . 
  but then there are many things that are already done that feel the same way to me . 
  at events that have nothing to do with aboriginals , speakers will give thanks to `` aboriginal elders '' for using their land , for example . 
  i find that this is a meaningless gesture at best , but other people have always seemed to accept it as being respectful and appropriate , so i assumed this idea might be seen that way , too . 
  my best guess is that it 's older and maybe uses some sort of proprietary format that is n't supported on newer oss . 
  i was thinking more like a file format . 
  possibly some sort of proprietary version of a raw image file ( like the . nef you might find on a modern nikon ) that for whatever reason can only be converted to standard formats using their proprietary software . 
  to be honest i 'm grasping at straws here , it seems fairly unlikely to me , but i ca n't think of any other explanation . 
  he talks about this . 
  basically , icloud is the one weak link in the chain , although even it is n't all that weak . 
  yeah that was my first thought , too . 
  this guy 's clearly a master at airbending/bagua . 
  inattentional blindness is more or less what you 're looking for . 
  not probably , they actually tell us that it was intended from the beginning , in either avatar annotations or in the audio commentary . 
  who voices the guy at the beginning ? 
  the guy that says `` by decree of phoenix king ozai , i now crown you firelord ... '' . 
  i recognise that voice from somewhere . 
  that user has posted three links from http://preludetoabigbreak.com/, 
  go there now , the first thing you 'll see is a lengthy post about sex scenes in tv . 
  in particular , a show called [ hung ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hung_ ( tv_series \\ ) ) which stars -- you guess it -- stephen amell . 
  my cousin managed to get within metres of our prime minister at some sort of speech ( on the actual stage ) by dressing up in a suit with an earpiece and just walking on in as if he belonged . 
  i mean , i always knew that you could get away with a lot by acting as though you belong there , but i did n't think it could go that far . 
  ( and did n't believe him until he showed me the pictures of it . ), 
  yup . 
  pretty sure it 's the first episode . 
  sometimes this can be really hard . 
  i spent * hours * searching for the textbook for one of my current courses , but could n't find it . 
  the digital version was `` only '' $ 50 , and they had a discount code that could get it down to $ 35 . 
  i would 've been happy to pay that were it not for the horrendous drm ( only viewable on approved devices with approved software , ability to view it stops after a few months -- long enough for one uni semester , roughly ) . 
  eventually i posted asking after it on a facebook group full of other students . 
  one person who had paid for it was kind enough to print it to pdf ( only allows printing 10 pages at a time , but they automated the process ) . 
  definitely going to be sharing it online for others , but were it not for that one good samaritan , this textbook would have been impossible to find . 
  i 'm now imagine a coke machine trying to swim . 
  but seriously , what 's a coke freestyle machine ? 
   disturbing for people living in the us, 
  lol . 
  the us does n't have it bad -- at least relative to here in australia . 
  damn thanks for that !, 
  you should submit that as a post here . 
  ( you could link [ the actual comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1yjbbm/the_devil_challenges_you_to_a_game_for_your_soul/cfl74e8?context=3 ) , too , for extra karma , and to provide context for others . ), 
  i have a really similar story to this that was actually true . 
  my cousin managed to get within metres of our prime minister at some sort of speech ( on the actual stage ) by dressing up in a suit with an earpiece and just walking on in as if he belonged . 
  there were apparently at least two different teams of bodyguards there . 
  he was asked briefly by one guy who he was with , and he just answered `` the state '' , and without anyone stopping him , he stood at the back of the stage with the prime minister . 
  i mean , i always knew that you could get away with a lot by acting as though you belong there , but i did n't think it could go that far . 
  ( and did n't believe him until he showed me the pictures of it . ), 
  $ 50,000 * per year * ? 
  holy fuck university is expensive in america . 
  my top-tier university here in australia is a tad over $ 8,000 per year for tuition . 
  not to mention that for people who ca n't afford to pay upfront , the government gives out what is essentially zero-interest loans that are paid back once you enter the workforce . 
  yeah agree with that on all counts . 
  i 'd much rather deal with telstra customer service than that of the big american telcos or isps . 
  that 's not even taking into account the massive power they have regarding lock-in with mobile phone plans etc. 
  that 's correct , but a rather cumbersome way of explaining it . 
  in the uk , when someone says `` public school '' , they are most often referring to what someone in the us or australia would call a `` private school '' . 
  i believe they use the term `` state school '' to refer to what would be considered a public school elsewhere ( i know australia uses both the terms `` public '' and `` state '' school to refer to the same thing ) . 
  the whole piece , as in all three movements ? 
  because damn , that 's impressive . 
  the first movement is pretty easy ( and personally , one of the pieces that [ i enjoy playing the most ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80zmsda5q8q ) ) , the second a little trickier , but an intermediate level pianist could learn it with enough practice . 
  the third movement , though , is crazy . 
  sure , there 's much harder out there ( especially from the mid-late romantic era ) , but you got ta be really good to even make it through beethoven sonata no. 14 mvt .3 . 
  i 'm not sure why you would have to listen to it so many times ... 
  most of the time when i 'm learning a new piece i 'll listen to it at most a handful of times during the process of learning it , mainly to get the right style down ( and to compare different performances ) . 
  it 's actually coldharbour . 
  one word , and spelt with the u. 
  but still , pretty damn close . 
  i 'd still much rather hear a wind quintet than a recorder quintet . 
  ( then again , as a clarinetist , i may be somewhat biased . ), 
  i use google keep because i do n't need the complexity of evernote , and it integrates with the google ecosystem better . 
  but yes . 
  lastpass all the way . 
  to be completely honest , you should n't have had a spoiler in the title at all . 
  it 's the first and most important rule on this subreddit . 
  even with the word `` spoiler '' in the title , people will still see it if it 's in the title . 
  that only works if you actually visit / r/arrow , and even then only if you have n't turned off the subreddit 's custom css . 
  custom css is a nice extra bonus , but is ultimately useless when a post gets upvoted any significant amount . 
  it 'll be seen on multireddits , / r/x + y type links , and the front page . 
  last i heard they were researching its potential as a perpetual motion machine . 
  what did it say ? 
  it 's been deleted . 
  i do it without dual booting . 
  got my mac laptop , and a custom-built windows desktop . 
  best of both worlds . 
  awesome second-to-none build quality of the macbook pro , and comparatively cheap power for gaming on the desktop .
