   also i will , according to my ability and judgment , prescribe a regimen for the health of the sick ; but i will utterly reject harm and mischief, 
  which is amusing . 
  `` i promise i wo n't play pranks on my patients . '', 
  i 'm guessing that `` mischief '' had different connotations when that version was written ... 
  even so , being involved in state-sponsored murder pretty clearly is * not * `` utterly rejecting harm '' . 
   hanging only requires one thing to go right : the drop, 
  true , but the rope needs to be long enough that it allows for a large enough drop that it breaks the neck , rather than leaving them hanging there to strangle , but not so long as to allow them to hit the ground ( or worse : have their head taken `` clean '' off ) . 
  and i imagine the perfect length probably differs slightly depending on the person . 
  the father tie in is a cool one , but a major character dying after three months in a coma is a pretty lame way of doing things . 
  would be a massive cop out . 
  or a queen parent . 
  the livestreaming on youtube i 've seen before has always been on the normal www.youtube.com watch page ... 
   even though i hate the class with a passion, 
  curious . 
  why ? 
  there are a lot of names for it . 
  bedmas is a common one , as is bodmas . 
  e stands for exponent , while o , i believe , is order . 
  i think the best term to use is consequence . 
  every action the pcs take ( while , most actions of significance , anyway ) should have some consequence . 
  whether or not the stop the demon , it 's going to have different ( either positive or negative ) consequences . 
  or in different situations , maybe they choose to rescue slaves from the brigands , rather than help protect a neighbouring town from orc invaders . 
  or vice versa . 
  what could the consequences of that be ? 
  to use extreme possibilities , in the former case , maybe the whole town is overrun and destroyed , and in the latter case , an npc close to them has been captured by the slavers . 
  but maybe they know of someone else that can help , and they contact that person to go and do one of the tasks while they themselves deal with the one they see as more important . 
  the consequences there are that both tasks succeed , or at least that the negative consequences are partially avoided . 
  the question is proposed : that standing orders be suspended to allow the member for western australia to move a censure of the prime minister . 
  members may debate this bill until 15:30 15/12/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  i ca n't find a specific ruling on it . 
  the closest i can find is when one person asked :, 
   can you us twinned spell with greenflame blade ? 
  would be great on two adjacent enemies . 
  crawford replied :, 
   twinned spell does n't work with a spell that targets more than 1 creature . 
  green-flame blade targets 2 . 
  what he * did n't * say , was that you ca n't use twinned spell on a cantrip in general . 
  that , plus the fact that most features in the book which do n't work on cantrip use the language of `` when you cast a spell of 1st level or higher '' , which metamagic options lack , would lead me to rule that yes , you can use metamagic on cantrips . 
   the other ac games are much better, 
  depending on which `` other '' you 're referring to , i might agree or disagree . 
  if you mean specifically the ezio trilogy , then i totally agree . 
  they 're more engaging games than the first one is . 
  but after ezio ? 
  the series stopped caring at that point and become medieval call of duty with yearly releases of little-to-no artistic merit . 
  do n't bother continuing with the series after revelations . 
  at that point the series just stopped caring anymore . 
  watch the short film that came out ( embers ) , and consider that the end to the series . 
  i do n't agree . 
  ac i was a really awesome set up to what could have been a fantastic series . 
  the gameplay was n't fantastic , but the story with alta\u00efr was interesting , and the frame narrative set up an interesting mystery . 
  after revelations , ubisoft stopped caring about the story . 
  i 'd much rather replay ac i than go through anything from 3 onwards . 
  i ignored the flag collection . 
  i 've ignored the collectibles in every single one of the ac games . 
  ac4 was great , but would you say it was a great * assassin 's creed * game ? 
  because that 's what i 'm personally looking for . 
  i loved the story set up by the first few games in the series with desmond and the modern day assassins vs. templars , and the tie in with the alta\u00efr and ezio stories . 
   i know a lot of people who play characters who are basically themselves inserted into the game world and for them your statement works, 
  no , his statement works for any well-played character . 
  the alignment * describes * the way a character acts in general , but it does not * prescribe * how they act in all situations . 
  a person should write up a backstory for their character , and keep in mind what that character 's personality is like , their hopes , their dreams , their fears , etc. 
  treat them as though they 're a real person . 
  and then , decide how they as the player think that their character as a person would react in a given situation . 
  for example , maybe someone is generally lawful good . 
  they uphold all the tenants of law and good , in every single situation they are even in , except one . 
  they have an immense soft spot for family and loved ones , and would be willing to act in a very chaotic way to help protect them . 
  or maybe a different lawful good character absolutely detests satyrs for some reason , and would do utterly evil things to them , and only them . 
  they 're still completely lawful good in most situations , and it does n't feel appropriate to change that . 
  to look at real life , hitler is a person that would undeniably be some sort of `` evil '' alignment ( i 'd probably say neutral evil ) . 
  but he was known to have a love of animals . 
  loving animals is something that would probably be considered true neutral good , but no one would argue that hitler was anything other than evil . 
  he was just more than a two dimensional human . 
  note , this is referring to the modern game of d&d . i consider it an example of * bad game design * in any system which mandates a certain alignment always be stuck to without exception . 
  the house is still debating this motion . 
  in the interest of expedience , i may put the question earlier than i normally would , but certainly not just two hours after it was first proposed . 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  the question is * proposed * : that the motion be agreed to . 
  members may debate this bill until 18:00 15/12/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page for debate on suspension of standing orders for leader of the house, 
  we 'll take the conversation below as part of the debate . 
  my group uses carcassonne meeples , but you ca n't eat those after you kill them . 
  i really have to wonder at this point ... if you 're not salting your passwords ... what the fuck are you even doing ? 
  i 'm like 90 % sure that the included functions for storing passwords in most cmss and web-oriented programming languages * salt for you * . 
  and if they do n't ... well , what sort of person knows enough that they know it needs to be hashed , but * does n't * know that salt is necessary ? 
  i 've seen a lot of intro to security type courses/videos/podcasts , and * all of them * introduce salts * immediately after * they explain about hashes . 
  so surely either you 'd be completely ignorant and just store plain text , or you 'd have the full understanding of what a salted hash does and why it 's necessary . 
  i do n't understand how someone can be in between those two points . 
  edit : just to be clear , using `` you '' in the general sense . 
  `` one '' probably would have been better . 
   if i want a `` simple user login '' , the easiest solution is three lines that dumps the password directly into a db with a sql string concat , and fetches/compares it on the other side .
