  tables are how i was taught in ict class in highschool to do * all * the layout of websites . 
  we only used css for changing fonts , sizes , etc. 
  then for the last two years of highschool i did n't do any computer subjects ( the only one on offer was `` information technology in a global society '' , like , ethics of computers and stuff , not a very good course by most accounts ) , so when i got to uni and had an intro to web design course , i was quite surprised that we were told tables are a bad way of doing things . 
  not a story i 've personally seen , but [ this tale from dndgreentext is a brilliant one ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 2178r7/the _ story_of_the_drunken_fighter / ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure that at the time i did it , it was out of date information . 
  i did igcse ict from 2008 -- 2010 . 
  the whole practical aspect of the class was really focused on mundane tasks like using word processors . 
  the only even slightly tricky bits were some of the database stuff ( we used access ) and using vlookups or nested if statements in excel . 
  it definitely was n't the sort of curriculum you 'd be surprised to find was out of date with industry norms . 
  he means not a movie that just rehashes what we already know . 
  that 's why the live action film we got was totally unnecessary . 
  you do n't need a movie based on a tv franchise unless it 's going to tell a unique story , \u00e0 la the simpsons movie ( among many others ) . 
  that would require, 
  a ) bryke and michael be willing to get back into the avatar universe ( may very well happen , but not for a whole yet ), 
  b ) nick be willing to sell the rights to the franchise ( unlikely ), 
  c ) netflix be willing to produce an animated tv show ( not entirely out if the question , but probably not * that * likely either ), 
  i 'd love it to happen , but i just do n't see it happening , primarily for reason b. 
  because it requires almost no effort to do , and it makes the place so much nicer for anyone who comes here that is n't already finished the series . 
  maybe they only discovered it recently , or they have n't had the chance to watch the last season , or even did n't know the last season has aired yet ( i know i saw a few of those in here even just prior to the last two episodes ) . 
  no , youtube uses the standard there . 
  720p is hd , while 1080p is `` full hd '' . 
  mainly aussie expats wanting to watch abc stuff . 
  2 hours `` dm screens '', 
  yeah i also prefer 4e on the whole . 
  the increased flavour with attacks , and the balance among characters , etc. 
  but i have to say , i far prefer the way multiclassing is handled in 5e . 
  in 4e , you could hybrid and make a choice to be two classes at the very start , or you could `` multiclass '' at a later point , which only gives you access to feats of the other class . 
  although some people have been using ultrahd to get around the fact that they 're actually slightly below true 4k . 
   i would n't mind if we ever saw cha ( strength ) in the text ... 
  but we do n't . 
  but that 's two abilities . 
  the use is always `` ability ( skill ) '' , not `` ability ( ability ) '' . 
  that does n't really make much sense . 
  though it might have been improved had it been the other way around . 
  focus on the skill , but note that it 's keying off of an ability . 
  but anyway , i believe they do give the example of a strength ( intimidation ) check , as opposed to the more standard charisma ( intimidation ) , which makes sense , really . 
  if you 're in trying to intimidate by doing some big physical show , for example . 
  i like alignment . 
  5e treats it as a descriptive element , not a prescriptive one , and to me that 's perfect . 
  it fixes 4e 's nerfed linear alignment system , but also removes the necessary mechanical element that alignment played in earlier versions . 
  agree with you completely regarding magic , though . 
  i pushed one of my players to play a sorcerer just because their implementation of vancian magic is slightly better than the wizard 's . 
  could you elaborate a little on the class and race points ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean , but it seems an interesting point . 
  honestly i 'm looking forward to seeing phb 2 when it eventually comes around . 
  i like a lot of things about 5e , but it 's desperately lacking in some of the more exotic classes and races . 
  my 4e character is a shardmind psion , for example . 
  i 'd love to be able to replicate that in 5e , and create other more interesting class-race combinations that are n't available in 5e phb 1 . 
  i 'm fine that it was left out at the beginning , but i really hope that psionics , along with a bunch more variety in classes and races , is added in as the game goes along . 
  and fuck all these people saying psionics is bad . 
  flavour wise , perhaps it 's just me , bit i think it fits brilliantly , at least in some settings . 
  it goes really well with the campaign i 'm in , in eberron , for example . 
  it 's really unique , and has some brilliant opportunity for role playing with things like messing with opponents ' minds . 
  dms that limit what classes their players can play for any reason other than story * suck , and i know i never want to play with one . 
  \\* for example , i had a vague idea for a campaign based on a song of ice and fire , where magic has disappeared from the world at first , but is gradually coming back . 
  magic users like wizards and sorcerers would n't be allowed at the start ( but multiclassing onto them later might ) . 
  unless there 's a specific reason in the campaign why they 're banning it , that 's not the sort of dm i want to play with . 
  you sound like a terrible dm to play with . 
  haha fair enough . 
  in that case i agree with you completely agree , a greater emphasis on the stuff from the `` skills with diferent abiliets '' section , instead of it all being contained within a single paragraph and never really mentioned otherwise . 
  i did n't . 
  my plan to do well is to * not * go back in time and fuck it up . 
  but ... you ca n't strip their armour unless you already have 100 pickpocket and the relevant perk . 
  also : is believing ereaders are n't real books a form of `` ableism '' ? 
  no , no it is n't . 
  but it 's also stupid . 
  i must say , i rather like your points in the second half of this post . 
  having a proper spellsword class would be cool , and eldritch knights definitely do n't quite cut it . 
  i suppose one could achieve the desired effect by alternately levelling fighter and wizard ( or sorcerer , or even warlock , i guess ) . 
  it would work in terms of flavour , but would mechanically be stunted compared to a good class dedicated to the idea . 
  and yeah , the warlord would be a good inclusion . 
  hopefully both of these are things we 'll see in phb2 . 
  as for the races , i honestly think that they made the right decision here . 
  i agree with you that i really want to see some more variety with some of the cool races ( i 'm a huge fan of the shardmind from 4e , but i 'd also really like to see warforged , the vryloka from heroes of shadow -- along with something resembling the vampire class from that book -- the goliath , and the githerzai , just to name a few examples ) , but i think the place for those is in future updates . 
  4e had even less racial variety in its phb1 than 5e does . 
  i think the idea that the edition starts out really simple -- a clone of middle earth , as you say -- just feels like the right way to go about things , but i do really hope that they can expand it really nicely very soon . 
  i 'd hope to hear at least some serious rumours about the second player 's handbook by the end of the year . 
  this goes for both races and classes , for what it 's worth . 
  i 'm hoping to see the psion ( along with other psionic classes ) , along with the aforementioned spellsword class and warlord , and some sort of blackguard ( because `` oathbreaker '' is n't the same as someone who makes an oath that 's evil ) . 
  but i ca n't really say that i agree with the first half of this post . 
  i really like the existence of clerics , and druids , and rangers . 
  i saw a post on / r/dndgreentext a while back where it implied that the gods are n't really caring about how people use their powers , as long as they do n't go directly * against * what the god believes in . 
  they 'll just give out the powers in order to get their presense in the world to spread . 
  that really felt like a good explanation to me . 
  i do n't think it was [ this post ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 2o99zp/unsuspecting _ modernday_humans_enter_a_portal_and / ) , but it may have been , and either way , this post does have some very good treatment of one cleric character in particular . 
  ( and , in my opinion , the story is absolutely worth reading anyway , despite its length -- you may just have to read it over the course of a few days . ), 
  i 've only really looked at the druid class in 5e and 4e , but i quite like how it works in those editions . 
  i tend to explain the ranger as `` aragorn in fellowship '' . 
  i know it does n't fully encompass what the ranger can do , but it gives a pretty good idea of the flavour to go for . 
   if you wandered into the wrong area , you might find * strong * monsters that could actually kill you -- nothing was level-adjusted . 
  and yet when elder scrolls online did the same thing , people criticised it for that . 
  claimed it withdrew from the open world experience . 
  you may like [ this video ] ( http://youtu.be/4zuynhkal1i ) . 
  because they themselves have nothing original to add to the conversation , but feel the need to say something . 
  as far as i 'm aware , to dos do n't cause damage . 
  i find it amusing that you called the pizza a pie . 
  just an interesting way to refer to it . 
  but anyway , yeah , $ 40 for a single pizza is ridiculous . 
  but if you were ordering enough to feed a party , that 's a much more reasonable cost . 
  with my right hand .
