  the only people who ever see your data on google without your permission are google themselves . 
  advertisers do n't get your data , you just see their ad based on criteria that the advertisers set , and * google * decides which ads to show . 
  the apple hate is less rational . 
  part of it comes from the price and the fact that a lot of techies try to play the spec game , where specs are the only thing that matter , even though in reality other things are far more important in many cases . 
  heck , even in comparing * performance * you ca n't just take the specs . 
  also part of it would be that historically apple ` fanboys ' were these really annoying irritating self-important douches . 
  i 've honestly not seen many of these sort of people in a long time , but a lot of people remember them and think that 's what 's still true . 
  my experience has been that lately it 's the anti-apple people who are conceited douches . 
  right , but he did n't . 
  and if he had , then there would have been a different plot . 
  the point is that the writer needs to do something to extend the piece . 
  whatever is best creatively decides * what * they do , but something needs to be there . 
  can i just say , thank you so much for what you did with founding the pirate party movement . 
  in the elections last month in australia , i voted [ 1 ] pirate party , because what the movement stands for , and what the policies of the australian arm specifically were , are absolutely incredible . 
  have n't really got any questions that have n't been answered elsewhere , so just keep up the good work . 
  driver 's licenses could easily be made electronic . 
  there 's a chip in australian ( edit : qld ~ ~ and wa ~ ~ ( secondedit : not necessarily wa , although it is in washington , usa ) , at least ) ones , though i 'm not actually sure what it 's used for . 
  if they used a camera to check , like they do on automated lines at airports , it would be relatively easy to enforce id checks . 
  \\   * brb *, 
  \\   \\* * never comes back **, 
  google hangouts is perhaps the * best * feature of google + . 
  it 's video chat , but can have up to 10 people , you can screen share , often better quality connection , and there are a bunch of fun little games you can play built in to hangouts . 
  pray tell , how * does * good writing work ? 
  yeah , i tried it once when i came back from holiday last winter ( your summer ) . 
  it did n't work for me then either . 
  i assumed i was doing it wrong and just went and moved on to the manual line before anyone noticed . 
  i 've looked it up and i 'm fairly sure i know how it 's supposed to work now , so next time i re-enter the country i 'll try it again . 
  dragons are skyrim , ghandi is civ , but which game are you referencing with `` the flood '' ? 
  it 's witty to ask someone to explain what they mean ? 
  you said my view , which i have quite clearly laid out and given justification for , is wrong . 
  i merely ask you to explain why you think it is wrong . 
  this is / r/changemyview , after all . 
  if you think i 'm wrong , please try and change my view , or else do n't bother replying . 
  either way , get off your high horse and stop attempting to belittle me with your comments about how ` witty ' you think i think i am , or about ` prancing around social events ' . 
  it goes completely against the spirit of this subreddit , and honestly in general has no place in civil discourse . 
  and for when you doubtless run into this again in the near future , that 's the [ baader-meinhof phenomenon ] ( http://www.damninteresting.com/the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon/ ) . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure it 's rfid in qld too ( it sets off my phone 's nfc in the same way as my gocard transport card , student id , and debit card with paywave ) , i 'm just not sure what exactly is transmitted using that chip . 
  side note , i probably should 've specified i meant queensland when i said australia , assuming all states have it too was a bit unfounded . 
  nice to know at least one other state does , though . 
  i do n't know exactly how things work in the states , but in aus the norm is to have debit cards , not credit . 
  removes the need for doing that sort of thing , and the banks are still fully liable for any losses , so it 's no less secure . 
  oh right , sorry . 
  i thought , from context , that you meant western australia . 
  is cashback where you have the option to withdraw money from the pos , kinda like an atm ? 
  yeah , you can do that , i 've never personally used it , though . 
  write the things down in a brainstorm format ? 
  hmm , i 'm not sure we have that here at all , per se . 
  you might get reward points or frequent flyer miles in some cases , i think , though i 'm not sure if those are actually tied to your card . 
  edit : hmm ... turns out cashback is a [ confusing word with a bunch of different meanings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cashback ) . 
  the one you talk about specifically [ has an article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cashback_reward_program ) , but it does n't mention australia , so i do n't know if that sort of thing happens here tied to credit cards or not . 
  i imagine it does to some extent , but i do n't think it 's a very big thing . 
  mmm yeah , someone else pointed this out . 
   hmm , i 'm not sure we have that here at all , per se . 
   you might get reward points or frequent flyer miles in some cases , i think , though i 'm not sure if those are actually tied to your card . 
   edit : hmm ... turns out cashback is a [ confusing word with a bunch of different meanings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cashback ) . 
  the one you talk about specifically [ has an article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cashback_reward_program ) , but it does n't mention australia , so i do n't know if that sort of thing happens here tied to credit cards or not . 
  i imagine it does to some extent , but i do n't think it 's a very big thing . 
  i 've not used it personally , but i 've talked to people who have and they say it 's not difficult to use . 
  that said , i 've seen ( and played from ) the scores it produces , and they do ** not ** look good . 
  if you use this rather then \\* * ahem ** * obtaining * sibelius , you 'll need to spend a fair amount of time to get the scores looking presentable . 
  what browser and version are you using ? 
  also what os ? 
  i 'm not going to be able to help you in the least , more likely than not , but i 'm a software engineering student , first year , and if you shoot the idea at me there 's a chance i might be able to do something if it 's not all that complicated . 
  alternatively , if you 're not in a rush , find someone next semester to do it as a csse1001 assignment 3 project . 
  exactly . 
  steve jobs got something like $ 1 a year . 
  he obviously was n't getting nothing but that , though . 
   it 's just that they do it every day instead of every year . 
  nonsense . 
  they take christmas day off . 
  yeah i suspected as much . 
  chrome has issues with java . 
  this is nothing more than fear mongering . 
  there 's no individual reading your email , it 's the fact that they scan your email for key words that allows them to provide contextual ads that allow them to run . 
  you 'll get people having issues with it from time to time , but most people continue not to care . 
  you usually end up with a meta experience . 
  haha yeah , i ended up messaging a mod about it, 
  actually that was probably my comment . 
  i do n't recall seeing anyone else mention it there . 
  indeed i am . 
  it 's vastly superior to facebook in every way bar one : having the people that you know on it . 
  if i could get all my friends to switch , i would certainly not miss facebook . 
  but even as it is , i manage to get a lot of use out of g + , thanks to its communities feature , which lets you connect with a community of people who share a certain interest and talk with them , very similar to subreddits . 
  i have n't convinced any friends to make the switch , but among my friends a good number recognise hangouts as an awesome feature and we 'll occasionally have big group hangouts . 
  it 's really awesome . 
  then again , i play ingress , so i get a lot more use out of g + because of that . 
  i 've found that text frequently does n't look right , and dynamics are confusingly easy to place in the wrong spot ( i.e. , on top of the staff and very close to high notes ) perhaps it 's more down to user error then anything else , though . 
  yeah that happens a lot . 
   does n't your wrist hurt ? 
  not immediately . 
  i was just used to it so i thought that 's what writing is . 
  over time i 've come to realise how uncomfortable it really is , and long writing sessions do start to hurt . 
  back in highschool when i had subjects that required me to write a lot , i actually kept up my right hand handwriting , which felt unnatural and looked a little worse , and was a heap slower , but it have my left hand a nice rest during exams . 
  i 'm semi-ambidextrous anyway , so it was no big deal . 
  i 've tried doing the slanted paper thing , but i just ca n't get how that works . 
  my handwriting gets even worse and i have to think about what the letters look like too much . 
  i was using it before then , but i certainly use it a lot more now . 
  curious . 
  i 'm pretty good at maths and i have hooked handwriting . 
  maybe your mum was n't so far off after all !,
