  macbooks blow any other laptop put of the water . 
  i 've no interest in apple 's desktop line up personally , but i do n't think i 'll touch another company 's laptop for my main computer any time in the foreseeable future . 
  hardware wise , you get extremely good battery life , really nice screens , by far the best trackpad on the market ( it 's actually better than a simple 3 button mouse for pretty much anything other than gaming ) with its extensive gestures , media buttons that actually work as expected every time , a nice backlit keyboard that enables you to use the computer in the dark ( i can touch type -- in fact because of my keyboard layout choice being dvorak , i * have * to touch type -- but being able to see the letters still really helps when typing just a couple of characters ) . 
  software wise , i like having a bash terminal because the windows command line is utter crap . 
  i also like video editing with final cut pro , and there are a few other really nice small utilities that are os x exclusive like pdf pen pro , daisy disk , and textexpander . 
  all of these have equivalents in the windows world , but personally i prefer the design and usability of these utilities . 
  overall , for me , it 's great having a mac laptop because it complements my windows desktop nicely . 
  i get the power at a fairly low price for gaming on the desktop , and i get great build quality out of the laptop when i 'm on the go . 
  i can also use programmes written for either os x or windows . 
  i disagree . 
  tumblr is an awful and absolutely useless platform for actual blogs . 
  it 's lacking perhaps the most crucial feature of any decent blogging system ( outside of the ability to write blog posts and have an rss feed of them ) : comments . 
  putting a disqus plugin into a tumblr blog is ridiculously difficult , when platforms like wordpress , blogger , and squarespace can do it completely automatically for you . 
  tumblr is best used for what it is used for . 
  sharing pictures and small stories around close-knit communities . 
  it was n't at the time of your * first * comment , but by the time your last comment was posted , the top comment in this thread was telling you what the context for this post is . 
  wait , are these a4 pages in portrait ? 
  is n't that a bit too tall for practical use ? 
  i 'll second the thoughts that the weirdly designed keyboard could be part of the problem . 
  but you also said you got a dvorak slip cover . 
  does this mean that when you look down at the keyboard , you see the letters aoeui on the home row ? 
  because they was a bad idea . 
  a big part of the advantage of switching is that it can help you break out of the habit of small glances at the keyboard which ultimately make you a worse touch typist . 
  you should leave the keyboard layout visibly qwerty , or blank . 
  oh fair enough . 
  this is the first i 've seen that 's in portrait . 
  the 4e one was shorter , too -- basically the same design as the 5e one . 
  personally i feel it would separate me too much from the players , and worrying about sneaking glances is n't something i 'm too worried about . 
  but hey , too each his own , right ? 
  that 's the beauty of the genre , you make it what you want to make it !, 
  there 's definitely some great content in these screens , anyway , so thanks for providing us with them . 
  oh i can totally get with them on that one . 
  [ samsung can go fuck itself ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sabl2wy1uzo ) . 
  not necessarily because of their products ( though personally i have long found them fairly lacklustre , in part because of the crummy software they throw on top of android ) , but because of their corporate actions towards journalists that i care about , as in the video there . 
  when your fruit goes rotten , do you not throw it out of your windows ? 
  how so ? 
  if you were to call out former ceo steve jobs as an `` a-hole '' , i 'd agree with you , but i do n't see very much at all to consider the whole company -- especially now , so long after jobs ' death -- to be the same . 
   freedom never sleeps, 
  this is true . 
  but it does n't at all conflict with the statement that america is asleep . 
  i would n't tap that button . 
  ultimately , the greys are destined to win . 
  because eventually , all the weak willed will have given in and pressed the button , and when that happens , the timer will run out . 
  pffft ... that would never work . 
  yeah pretty damn easy on any keyboard instrument xd, 
  the keyboard instrumentalist in me ( who refuses to acknowledge non-equal temperament ) is much confused about why you choose to word `` c '' in such an unusual way . 
  fully agree . 
  it 's a significant minor annoyance . 
  but even worse is people who refuse to acknowledge that they 're doing it wrong , or even care . 
  i saw someone say a couple of days ago, 
   60 's are love , 60 's are life . 
  so i reply, 
   `` 60 is are love '' ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  or are you saying that the number 60 owns something called `` are love '' ? 
  in an attempt to light-heartedly correct them . 
  cue massive downvotes and brigading from r/badlinguistics ( do n't go there , trust me , it 's just not worth it ) , with the person i initially replied to basically saying how he does n't care that he made a mistake and does n't want to bother correcting himself in the future . 
  what the fuck dude . 
  if it 's an old lady , anyone healthy under the age of 55 should be letting her sit down . 
  same goes if it 's an old man . 
  well at least they do n't want to watch here world burn , i guess . 
  that would be much worse . 
  oh man , one of the comments on that video is the perfect response to all the people who refuse to accept that they 're saying it wrong , and argue something along the lines of `` it 's sarcasm '' . 
   if people are saying `` i could care less '' sarcastically they do n't understand how sarcasm works . 
  sarcasm is employed as the extreme opposite of what your actual sentiment is , not as a slight deviance from it . 
  thus , the sarcastic alternative to the proper term `` i could n't care less '' would be `` i could n't care any more '' ... 
  i think i prefer this one , even if it is n't technically a dnd one ( on account of having `` sta '' and `` chr '' and missing `` con '' , `` int '' , and `` cha '' -- though chr may just be an alternate way of writing cha ) . 
  anyone know what game this is actually designed for ? 
  yeah sorry , but you 've lost me with that one . 
  a woman the same age as me is just as capable of standing as i am . 
  that 's the sort of `` etiquette '' that is outdated and has , imo , no place in modern society . 
  i mean , if you want to do it anyway , go ahead , but do n't claim that it 's because you were `` raised with a little class '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are plenty of things that people do to be polite that * do * belong . 
  holding the door open for people ( regardless of gender ) is a small polite thing that one can do for others . 
  per mille ? 
  do people really only pay 1.9 cents in taxes for every dollar they earn in the us ? 
  and 2.5 pence per pound in the uk ? 
  i jest , of course . 
  but i do wonder why you wrote per mille instead of per cent -- and perhaps more accurately , * how * you managed to do it accidentally ? 
  do you mean saturday ? 
  or is it something that 's happening in 9 hours from now ? 
  #define color colour, 
  #define color colour, 
  oh interesting . 
  what keyboard do you use that has per mille so easy to accidentally press ? 
  haha no worries . 
  thanks for the youtube link . 
   but season 5 was significantly better than s4, 
  i actually disagree , and i know ( from comments in / r/community ) that i 'm not the only one . 
  season 4 was a continuation of what was going on in the second half of season 3 . 
  season 5 tried to jerk things way back and it felt really awkward and forced . 
  my ranking goes 3 , 2 , 1 , 4 , 5 . 
  6 will probably slot in between 3 and 2 at the current rate . 
  man that 's some shitty autocorrect . 
  what on earth would cause it to think voracity is a better idea than veracity ? 
  but then , mine regularly puts in `` thus '' when i wanted to say `` this '' . 
  how often do people actually say `` thus '' ? 
  damn thing 's stupid as fuck . 
  ditto with racism . 
  you can tell jokes with racist undertones , and that can be humour , but just straight up calling a person a pejorative word is not humour .
