  your post is incredibly vague and i honestly have no idea what you 're trying to say is currently happening , let alone what exactly you think the action should be . 
  b ) why is this nsfw ? 
  except when it does n't . 
  it can be very fickle . 
  i 'll do advantages and disadvantages of each , but first , i think one of the most important considerations should be which do you think sounds nicer ? 
  take a look at a few examples of different types of pieces for each instrument ( solo + orchestra ; solo + small ensemble , like a clarinet/oboe quintet/trio ; multiple of the same instrument ( like a clarinet choir ) ; the instrument within small ensembles ( wind quartets and quintets feature both !, 
  ) ; the instrument within an orchestra , particularly good short solos within symphonies and the like ) and decide which you like the sound of better . 
  this should be your primary consideration unless cost is a major issue . 
  clarinet ( disclaimer , this is my instrument ) :, 
  * much easier instrument to play, 
  * more opportunities for playing in jazz music , folk music ( like klezmer ) , etc. , outside of the `` classical '' realm, 
  * makes it incredibly easy to later switch to saxophone , which has the advantage of being even more common in jazz , as well as just being pretty cool, 
  * it 's a cheaper instrument, 
  * fairly common instrument , might be harder to find places to play it in orchestras etc. 
  if you 're not really good, 
  * reeds are unreliable . 
  you can buy a whole box and there may only be 3 or 4 good ones, 
  * less prominent in earlier classical repertoire ( baroque era , even a good portion of mid-late classical era is without clarinet ), 
  * in addition to the a and bb clarinets ( you can usually get away with only a bb , at least until you 're playing at a very high level ) , auxiliary instruments ^ * include the eb sopranino , eb alto , and bb bass and lower clarinets . 
  oboe :, 
  * less people play it : it may be easier to get into orchestras and other ensembles, 
  * you 've already played some baroque wind , so you may like the fact that there 's a lot more baroque repertoire for oboe, 
  * playing with vibrato in standard orchestral repertoire, 
  * you miss out on most other genres : very rarely seen in jazz , for example, 
  * as another has said , making your own reeds is a blessing and a curse . 
  blessing , because it means they can be more consistently reliable . 
  curse , because you have to do a lot more work . 
  * auxiliaries include cor anglais and ( rarely ) oboe d'amour, 
  definitely take a look through the link / u/scrumptiouscakes posted in his comment , there 's a heap of great advice in there . 
  out of interest , how did you narrow it down to these two ? 
  why not flute or bassoon ? 
  \\* i use auxiliary instruments in a loose way , referring to extra instruments that can easily be played by the same person . 
  i 've also only mentioned the most common auxiliary instruments , there are a whole host of really rare ones for each that simply are n't worth mentioning . 
  reeeeaaally late to the party ( found it going through your history after seeing [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/classicalmusic/comments/13sfl5/did_you_all_know_that_theres_a_twitter_account/c76zlmf ) , but i feel that what you 've said about hans zimmer is an unfortunate part of most film music these days . 
   great at creating atmosphere , but ... hardly memorable, 
  the music is awesome , creepy , epic , sad , whatever it needs to be in the moment . 
  and it is great for that , but so much film music these days does n't make me leave the theatre humming any awesome tunes in the way the previous star wars films , lord of the rings , etc. 
  did . 
  not sure why playing the recorder makes any difference . 
  the recorder is an edge-blown instrument , like the flute . 
  clarinets and oboes are both reed instruments , albeit one is single reed and the other double reed . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't quite follow . 
  how do you determine who `` should actually know better '' ? 
  oh , and by the way , the bit of your comment in brackets does n't really make sense . 
  it seems like it should have something more , like `` this is not to say that anyone pointing out misplaced apostrophes * is a douche * '' . 
  surprised no one here seems to be an [ avatar fan ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/thelastairbender ) ( on account of it also being a cartoon with mature themes ) . 
  legend of korra season 1 went on hiatus in june , does n't come back until some time 2013 . 
  i had a friend post this yesterday . 
  i replied '' * person * are you really that stupid ? '' . 
  he claimed it was just there when he woke up and promptly deleted it . 
  i can not believe people actually believe this could work in any way . 
  it boggles my mind . 
  part of it is credit : reddit links directly to the original source , giving all credit due to them . 
  ( i 'm talking about this case here , obviously there are problems on other subreddits with rehosting other people 's images on imgur etc. ), 
  reddit and redditors also do n't make any money off of it . 
  @classicm , on the other hand , takes the source found by reddit ( arguably there 's nothing wrong here ) , runs them through [ its own system ] ( http://www.snsanalytics.com/ ) ( where it is possibly making money off of it , that 's the only reason i can think of for why they run through this system ) , before giving the link out to its followers . 
  i see your point ( and btw , it was n't me that downvoted you : your opinion seems fair to me ) , although i disagree . 
  if they want to make money off of it , why can they not take the effort to find interesting links themselves . 
  it seems immoral to me ( not to mention potentially illegal , i do n't actually know what reddit 's toss are , but perhaps scraping it in this way is a violation ) to be taking the work done by others and presenting it as your own , especially if you are making money off of it . 
  it 's like those websites that take wikipedia 's content , word for word , and make their website do nothing but that . 
  sometimes they have a small link at the bottom stating they got it from wp , but often not . 
  in that case it is still immoral i think , although definitely not illegal in the case of the small attribution ( because wp is licensed under creative commons cc-by-sa ) . 
  if they made their twitter tagline something along the lines of `` taking the great content from reddit.com/r/classicalmusic and sharing it on twitter '' , and they were linking directly to the site that reddit links to , then i would be fine , and i suspect so would everyone else . 
  sorry to interrupt your anti-reddit circlejerk , but why , exactly ? 
  that 's kinda the point of reddit : sharing links to content . 
  in many cases images are ripped off and put on imgur or other hosting sites , but by and large other content is shared directly from the source . 
  i really like when people make a separate [ fixed ] post . 
  i ca n't say why , but i see much more of them than the original post ( possibly related to time-zones ) , so seeing them as a separate means i get to see both the fixed post and the original ( courtesy of this bot ) . 
  were they simply added to the original as a comment , i would likely not see them at all . 
  i really like when people make a separate [ fixed ] post . 
  i ca n't say why , but i see much more of them than the original post ( possibly related to time-zones ) , so seeing them as a separate means i get to see both the fixed post and the original ( courtesy of this bot ) . 
  were they simply added to the original as a comment , i would likely not see them at all . 
   but i guess i will reserve my outrage for more worthy causes, 
  fair enough . 
  india 's taking retaliatory action against china doing the same thing on their borders by stamping with a map of india : contested area included . 
  i believe there 's something with the philippines , too . 
  i agree completely . 
  that said , i would tend to side far more with vietnam on this one . 
  the islands in question are nowhere near china , and china 's claim against them is , in my opinion , absolutely ridiculous . 
  disclosure : white guy living in vietnam . 
  curious , if the conductor messes up that badly , what should the orchestra do ? 
  should they try to follow the music correctly , or stick with the conductor ? 
  is there a standard practice ? 
  actual fun fact : in ireland they use the term `` deadly '' as slang for really cool . 
  yeah , see that spider over there ? 
  it 's deadly . 
  and the question mark is sometimes called an interrogation mark , hence interrobang !, 
  unfortunately you * ca n't * `` type '' it on either windows or os x ( i suspect you ca n't in linux either , but i ca n't confirm ) . 
  the only way is to copy/paste it . 
  i set up a snippet in textexpander to help me type it more easily , but that does n't help when i 'm on my windows computer ... 
  i suppose knowing the name of it might be considered useless , but knowing the character itself absolutely is not . 
  it 's incredibly useful , actually . 
  i 'm going to invent it , and it shall be `` stolzschande '' . 
  holy shit . 
  where are you ? 
  where i grew up it reached around 45 one particularly hot weekend and that was considered really extreme . 
  edit : and it never gets nearly that cold . 
  i feel freezing at anything below 10 . 
  i once only went to 5 tvtropes pages in a single session . 
  huge accomplishment .
