  more or less , yeah . 
  also a little fatigued with this whole process on account of the reset . 
  i accept my nomination . 
  while you 're technically right , everyone with intelligence already knows this , and anyone that * does n't * already know this either does n't care , or will dismiss any claims to the contrary out of hand . 
  you 're essentially preaching to the choir . 
  also , [ here 's a way better source ] ( http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/ ) than the one you provided . 
  fairly sure this is python , not c , but i agree with your general point . 
  no semicolons or braces , and natural language `` not '' . 
   ` if ( variable = = true ) `, 
  i 've heard some people argue in favour of this for its readability , and i see where they 're coming from to be honest , though i myself tend to prefer just ` if ( variable ) ` . 
  my point is that one should not put oneself in the position of not having an adequate helmet available when they 're going to ride a bike . 
  at that point they 've already made the mistake . 
  you 're stupid for having gotten yourself into that situation . 
  where are you getting a bike ? 
  why does the bike not have a helmet ? 
  you have to go * out of your way * to have a bike but not a helmet , if you plan even the slightest bit ahead . 
  and huh ? 
  i find your analogy to wine an extremely interesting one , because in fact blind taste tests have shown that wine tasters really have * no * idea what they are doing . 
  they can often not even tell the difference between a red and a white that 's been dyed , let alone different vintages . 
  every time it rains or there 's any other weather that 's not bright sunshine , there 's an influx of posts and comments on this subreddit saying `` make sure to remember to turn your lights on '' . 
  this post is poking fun at those . 
  you guys are the ones that keep showing up when i 'm trying to google for things related to translink , right ? 
  i wonder , did the reverse ever happen for you while you were over there ? 
  i loved jerome too . 
  i thought the actor did an * amazing * job . 
  i thought the writing was near perfect for him , the scenes were shot brilliantly . 
  it really could n't have been better . 
  but in a way , that 's exactly why i * do n't * want more . 
  he came and left with a massive bang , and i think he 's most effective when used in that way . 
  the end of that episode was a perfect possible set up to explain at least a piece of the real joker 's eventual creation . 
  to have more of jerome would ruin all of that . 
  it would vastly cheapen the effect of death on the show overall ( something that is , to an extent , inevitable in any dc production , but in one as grounded as this there should at least be an * attempt * to avoid it ) , but more importantly , it would lessen the impact that jerome had in how he set up the craziness across gotham in a public way , before essentially dying as a martyr for that `` cause '' . 
  and more importantly again , at least to me , it would give the real joker a more definitive backstory , and that 's not something i want to see . 
  is this a legal pitch ? 
  i 'm not * particularly * familiar with the rules of baseball , but in its very distant cousin , cricket , the batter has the right to very clearly know when the bowler is making his run up and bowling . 
  he 's even allowed to know with which hand the bowler will bowl , and from which side of the stumps . 
  there 's something vaguely similar to baseball 's idea of `` stealing the base '' , but for a bowler to get a batter who is doing that out is considered * incredibly * unsportsmanlike , and he would likely be shunned by his own team for doing so . 
  if the image in the gif * is * legal , is it accepted , or would it be a big controversy for someone to do something like that ? 
  basically , what i 'm wondering is , to what degree does sportsmanship play a role in baseball ? 
  yeah , i think someone else explained it to me either in this thread or on / r/starwars . 
  apparently the explanation is something to do with the cost of producing the gas that makes them work , which is why * everyone * uses red on their hand-held blasters in the originals . 
  the fbi does n't have access to that , and weirdly enough the nsa is on apple 's side in this instance . 
  this makes me curious . 
  what 's the other way ? 
  for the past x about of years ( i forget what it is ... but i think it 's going back to the 70s ) , the candidate that won on super tuesday has gone on to become the nominee from his party . 
  if ever there were a time it * is * worth paying attention to primaries , it 's today . 
  not that this is n't also fascinating . 
  planting evidence does n't seem likely , since apple would he the ones doing the whole thing , not the fbi . 
  but what * is * worse is that this could set a precedent overseas , and apple could be compelled to use the same process in oppressive regimes like china . 
  though someone , saint-sa\u00ebns , i believe , is infamously supposed to have walked out after the bassoon opening . 
  sounds apocryphal to me , but that 's the story . 
  edit : damn autocorrect . 
  oh yes , fair enough . 
  yeah , when it was announced i was hoping for some new classes and races . 
  as much as i like your prc , it would 've been cool to see something official , and some vampire hunter related class options would 've been cool too . 
  ah well . 
  this is really cool !, 
  i 'd love to see version of the other benders . 
  the d8 hit die seems appropriate , as do the armour and weapon proficiencies . 
  you 've given them int and cha saving throw proficiencies . 
  these are two * weak * saves . 
  the convention is for one strong and one weak save . 
  really any of the strong saves could be described as appropriate , so i do n't know which to recommend , but certainly they should get one of them . 
  i definitely feel that using the spell point system is appropriate for benders . 
  i 'm a bit confused about your decision to make them int based casters . 
  i 'd have always thought of them as being cha based , especially with the description you gave earlier about it coming from a source of passion . 
  their fire is them exerting their will on the world , and that 's represented mechanically by cha . 
  heat control should probably not specify that you 're taking the heat from the right hand . 
  just say `` you take all the heat out of the air in a 30 foot cone from one hand , and release the heat in a 30 foot cone from the other . '', 
  a dex save does n't really seem to make sense here , either . 
  they 're not dodging the lack of heat , they 're resisting against the cold or heat . 
  it should be con . 
  the dragon spells table refers to spell level , but the description refers to the level at which you gain the spells . 
  instead , the table should probably refer to class level as well . 
  look at the cleric domains for a guideline . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of the dragon origin spell list . 
  firebenders have never shown any ability to polymorph , or to scry on others . 
  the dancing dragon ability is really interesting . 
  the requirement to `` dedicate your whole turn '' is a really cool one , and i personally feel that the ability itself is n't too unbalanced . 
  the inborn spell list feels pretty much perfect to me . 
  the option of an extra cantrip is an interesting one , too . 
  giving them a fighting style feels like a good choice , though i personally do n't think mounted combatant should be there . 
  the other options are fine . 
  lightning redirection is ** perfect ** . 
  you 've just so perfectly encompassed what that ability did in the show in what i feel is a mechanically sound way within d&d . the only thing lacking is a well-described trigger . 
  can you only redirect attacks that would have hit you ? 
  can you redirect attacks that would have hit a spot within 5 feet of you ? 
  spells that * pass * within 5 feet of you ? 
  it does n't say . 
  there 's a general guideline when building subclasses that the feature gained at each level should be of roughly the same * type * , regardless of which subclass you choose . 
  for example , many warlock level 10 subclass features involve defense in some way . 
  comparing stunning touch to eyes of the dragon , they just do n't feel like a good match to me . 
  for a 14th level feature , electrically charged seems really weak to me . 
  also , you should just mention that it 's `` against your spellcasting dc '' , rather than reiterating what the formula is for calculating that . 
  it might be interesting if you added a little bit in the multiclassing sidebar about the avatar , stating that if your dm allows , you can be the avatar , and can multiclass each of the elements , but only if you follow the avatar cycle , represented mechanically by gaining levels in each subsequent element of no more than the levels in the previous element . 
  for example , if you 're a firebending avatar , your levels in firebender \u2265 levels in airbender \u2265 levels in waterbender \u2265 levels in earthbender . 
  it 's not * perfectly * sound with the lore of the world , especially thanks to korra , but it kinda works . 
  the spell list looks great , and i like lightning ball as a spell . 
  i like that you made a not of the material requirement , just in case anyone wanted to give it to wizards or sorcerers in their games . 
  out of interest , what spell lists would you envision this being on , out of the standard classes ?
