  all of those criticisms point to one thing : poor customer service . 
  at least you were able to order one ... 
  i 'm still waiting . 
  in australia you simply ca n't order a nexus 4 , it just says `` sold out '' and `` we are out of inventory . 
  please check back soon . '', 
  but that was off topic . 
  really cool , but i 'm not sure how it 's periodic . 
  when i first read this i was all '' \u0ca0_\u0ca0 '', 
  but then i realised you probably did n't mean that in the way it 's used in australia . 
  but there 's nothing periodic about the content . 
  in the periodic table of the elements the qualities of each column are similar ( for example the rightmost is inert gases ) , and rows next to each other show a general trend ( sorry , poor explanation ) . 
  i want a source for that last claim . 
  what ? 
  most of the other major pc manufacturers ( including but not limited to hp , dell , sony , and toshiba ) use the exact same company ( [ foxconn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foxconn ) ) . 
  i wan na see what one of them sounds like . 
  yeah , i know . 
  in australia , however , it means fucking . 
  true , but the conception of jesus was ( at least in christian mythology ) certainly `` immaculate '' . 
  it was an immaculate conception , but it was not `` the '' immaculate conception . 
  it 's an easy mistake to make . 
  [ non mobile link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_language ), 
  and a link directly to [ the relevant section ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_language#official_versus_national_languages ), 
  but yes , it would appear that you 're right about that point . 
  the term actually shares a common root with `` salt '' and it means `` money to buy salt with '' . 
  better : do n't have kids . 
  right , but if rape is defined as `` forcible vaginal intercourse '' exactly , then women can be perpetrators of rape . 
  forcible vaginal intercourse is still forcible and vaginal if the woman does the forcing . 
  the catch : $ 10,000 zimbabwee . 
  the reason organisational structure is relevant to the consumer is purely because of how it affects their support . 
  what `` debate '' ? 
  he 's merely stating that in many places taking the parent 's advice would be illegal . 
  exactly , it 's all about how much karma he has ... 
  right . . ? 
  what if that 's just how i am , i do n't show very much emotion a lot of the time ? 
  you know , i was exactly the same as you . 
  i was hardcore against adblock * at all * , until i moved back from vietnam to australia and started getting preroll video ads ( got them only * very * rarely in vietnam ) i 've got seriously limited internet usage each month and often my speed is low enough that waiting for those to load is a serious hindrance . 
  i unblock ads on any site i regularly visit , except youtube ( and anywhere that gives pop-ups , in looking at you tpb ) . 
  you can now earn more space really easy by having dropbox import photos from your camera ( directly from the sd card or via the camera 's usb cable ) , in addition to extra space for each additional person you successfully invite to join dropbox , and a bonus for completing their setup process yourself . 
  this last one is basically a free 0.5 gb extra , so realistically you get 2.5 gb free with dropbox . 
  i never use google drive for storage of external files , but i absolutely love it for making documents directly in it and not worrying about saving or backing up or anything . 
  i only do it in ms word if it 's a document that 's gon na need a feature google drive does n't have , particularly automatic referencing . 
  by the way , you know dropbox can do the same web interface stuff as drive for downloading and uploading files , right ? 
  if you 'd prefer dropbox for syncing at home , since at school you ca n't download applications , this would help . 
  abp blocks all of youtube 's ads for me . 
  preroll , banner , and the ones at the side of the video . 
  i 've looked myself and unfortunately , not that i can find . 
  try a search for keepvid and vidtomp3 , a couple of web-based services for downloading videos or downloading the audio from videos . 
  that 's the best i 've been able to do . 
  though if you 're the kind of person who freaks out about this kind of supposed privacy violations , it 's best to just keep away from these things . 
  i do n't know much about google apps ( which i assume is what you 're using ) , but my knowledge of normal google services tells me it 's not your it department 's fault , unless they 've done something to screw up your internet connection . 
  it 's probably an internet thing , or it could be google 's fault , i do n't know , i 've never worked on anything that large . 
  to address the second point first : yeah it 's a he 'll of a pain , but that 's what i assumed one would be doing anyway , if using google drive for non-google-drive documents . 
  and yeah , the lack of features is a problem , luckily i personally do n't need to use more powerful features too often ( apart from that damn referencing ) . 
  and do n't even get me started on office : mac . 
  jesus christ it 's terrible . 
  ca n't even get my damn keyboard shortcuts correct ( in the dvorak-command qwerty layout ) . 
  one of just two applications with that problem . 
  in my experience , exactly the same way . 
  i use winxp ( planning on upgrading to 8 soon , i swear ) and mac os on a regular basis , and i would honestly say i find the way xp does it is a tad easier . 
  not a huge difference , but a noticeable one . 
  i 'm not sure about win7 , but i 've never had problems with filetype associations in xp . 
  however , i disagree strongly about the drive ( but you replied to the wrong person about that ) . 
  when you have limited space it 's extremely valuable to be able to choose which stuff goes where . 
  eh ... no cricket at all , and i ca n't tell if it has rugby league , or if `` rugby '' is only referring to rugby union ( which is normally the case ) . 
  seeing as there 's at least on test match going on right now i 'd say not having the cricket is pretty poor form if it 's a website that 's meant to have `` pretty much all sporting events '' . 
  nope , used it for a month and if anything i think it hurt my eyes more . 
  book : turns out she had her powers due to being so smart but under-stimulated mentally . 
  after being moved up to a higher grade ( i forget which ) , she lost the power . 
  movie : she still has her powers at the end and uses them for everyday junk . 
  pandemic is a board game ? 
  whoa ... how does it work , the flash version is n't turn-based ... 
  nah , i reckon you 'd be stupid to upgrade to an older version if you 're going to upgrade anyway . 
  windows 8 really is n't as bad as a lot of people make out . 
  you 've got to remember that the vast majority of people ( including those that may profess to be techies ) hate any major change whatsoever . 
  18 , moving from an august -- may school year , so i finished high school half a year after i would have in australia , and then had ~ 8 months free , so i 'm a year older than most people going into uni straight from school . 
  you ? 
  i can certainly see why you would choose to * stay * with 7 if you already have it , as there may not be much advantage to upgrading to 8 . 
  however if you 're still on vista or xp ( or , god forbid , something even older !, 
  ) , i do n't think there are enough * disadvantages * to windows 8 to warrant upgrading to an earlier version , if you can go in with an open mind . 
  yeah , i get that , and if it really was just the in-video banners , or the square one at the side , i 'd be fine . 
  but my connection is unreliable , and watching videos often involves refreshing the same page multiple times . 
  it 's bad enough as it is , without having to wait for a bloody pre-roll advertisement that takes forever to load and may reappear when i inevitably have to refresh the page . 
  the other 3s are for portal 3 and left 4 dead 3, 
  you need to put two spaces at the end of the line, 
  for it to show up on the next line . 
  or you can press enter twice , and leave a blank space . 
  cheers !, 
  [ technically it 's the second half of season 1 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_legend_of_korra#series_overview ) . 
   but in reality , the percentage of ignorant mac users is n't any higher than the percentage of ignorant pc users, 
  which , unfortunately , is still very high . 
  the point is a lot of * people * , whether they use mac os or windows , do n't know enough about computers to install a dual-boot . 
  my guess is that 's the joke . 
  [ neptune ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psjub1a1aik ) , from the planets , by holst . 
  i do n't know how many of the ones that / u/wimachtendink gave follow this , but the translation from german `` viertelnote '' is actually quarter note . 
  now , i prefer the crotchet , quaver , etc. 
  method , but the fact is that it is n't only america that does it differently ( in the case of musical language ... still true with bloody imperial units ) . 
  could you elaborate on that first sentence , what is it you disagree about ? 
  and i do know how easy bootcamp is to use for someone with even a small amount of technical knowledge ( i tried to go through it myself to dual-boot with linux , although that process was n't quite so easy on account of it wanting a windows install disk ... ) , but my experience has been that most people would n't have a clue where to go for this kind of thing . 
  perhaps if you told them to go to spotlight , type `` boot camp '' , click on `` boot camp assistant '' and follow the prompts , they would be able to do it , but most people do n't have the technical intuition of where to begin , or the inquisitiveness to search things out . 
  the difficult bit is getting them to know that this process exists , telling them what they need to do etc.
