  when that means drifting half a metre to the right , no biggie . 
  when it means moving all the way to the other side of parked cars , there 's more of a problem . 
  similarly , unless the bike path was much wider than the ones i 've normally seen , swerving to avoid doors that open suddenly would be more difficult . 
  with the cars on the left , you just drift a bit further out to the right onto the road , just like you would with debris on the path . 
  if the cars are to your right , there 's no room to swerve left because that 's pushing you into the gutter and up onto the footpath . 
  all that said , it still sounds like a great idea . 
  you 'd just need to make sure the paths are kept clean and undamaged , and that they 're wide enough to give a cyclist comfortable room to move around an open door . 
  mate , it 's clearly -25 in 6-bit two 's compliment representation . 
  you 've driven backwards 25 miles . 
  and google ( maps ) . 
  well she did have to do all that manual data entry . 
  so , aside from the fact that that touchpad is probably unusably bad , i do n't see a huge problem . 
  you probably already use the mouse right handed , and a touchpad does n't need to be too different . 
  i use my laptop 's touchpad with either hand interchangeably . 
  but probably use my right hand more often . 
   evil rock, 
  ftw . 
  will go well with my chaotic evil halfling . 
   pristine shovel of prophecy, 
  well okay , if you insist . 
  i prophecise that this shovel will be ineffective . 
  okay fine , i take it back . 
  give me the pristine one . 
   slingshot that duplicates, 
  huh ? 
   sickle that eats souls, 
  now we 're getting somewhere . 
   rapier of lock picking, 
  [ this is the best i could do in 10 minutes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r1qwjce.jpg ) . 
  they did n't . 
   no western power should come meddle with egyptian 's internal politics or human rights issues , because how do you know the west does n't have some ulterior motives ? 
  who fucking cares . 
  if rights are being violated , then they are being violated . 
  if someone steps in to defend those rights , who cares what their motivation for it is ? 
  the end result is a good thing , so i do n't care if they also gain something else from it . 
  how does google glass protect you from it ? 
  it covers less of your eyes than standard eye glasses do , and they have n't helped me one bit . 
  i 've heard some people say that hoard of the dragon queen is playable right after lost mines of phandelver without needing any adaption , because hotdq has quite a few encounters that are ridiculously difficult for level 1 pcs . 
  i ca n't actually confirm this from my own calculations or experience , but that 's what i 've heard . 
  it 's worth considering . 
  sounds to me like you handled it exactly how you should have . 
  if it was too overpowered , it would have been unfair to let him play it . 
  it sounds like you gave him the opportunity to rework it and make it more balanced . 
  what more could you have done ? 
  hell all of those ratings are well within watchable territory . 
  i 'm surprised he 's that old . 
  he does n't look a day over 10 tau . 
  if you 're going to be playing , and you already have a full sized keyboard/electric piano , it 's also worth looking in to if you can get midi out from that with the right cable . 
  i 'd like that , but even more i 'd like a return of young justice , and perhaps more shows set in that universe . 
  superfish . 
  a piece of software that lenovo was including in some of their computers that was far more than the relatively harmless bloatware all manufacturers include . 
  it completely undermines the ssl security that is essential for keeping communications private online . 
  [ yup . 
  well considering it aired 9th december , and we 're now 2nd march , it 's nearly 3 months . 
  he 's still 1 month short , though ... 
  oh man that makes so much more sense !, 
  i was just thinking the best option would be a d4 and just reroll any 4s . 
  just one more reason to use maths as the shorthand for mathematics !, 
   should a county be allowed to secede from a state and form its own state ? 
  no , but i would say that the logical extension if one agrees with op ( i do n't ) is that a city should also be allowed to secede and form its own * nation * . 
  it could n't become its own state because to become a state in the us requires other states agree it it , and also means it gets its own senators . 
  it would n't politically be fair . 
  * ouch * . 
  i honestly do n't know how i could use a smartphone without any data plan . 
  i 'd have to turn it off data completely and go wifi only . 
  haha in not actually american either . 
  it 's just that i have a bit of an interest in politics , and also my country is also a federation of states . 
  nope he was right . 
  you caught me . 
  i put the toothpaste on , and * then * briefly run it under the water . 
  2 days `` results '', 
  how the fuck do more people consider 16 \u02da warm than cold . 
  you far northern people are weird . 
  daylight saving does take place in my country , but not in my state . 
  should i answer according to the place that i 'm actually in , or elsewhere in my country ? 
  edit : i 've gone ahead doing it with where i am , since i did n't get an answer . 
  i know you said `` un member states '' , but i 'm actually not entirely sure what those are . 
  i know that taiwan is n't counted in there , but that seems * incredibly * disingenuous to me . 
  it has nothing to do with countryhood and all to do with un politics . 
  so i counted taiwan anyway . 
  but then , i also did n't count the vatican , and i 'm pretty sure it technically * should * count . 
  so i think those balance out . 
  also , define `` been to '' . 
  i think most reasonable people would not count stop-overs in the airport , but would you count it if you stopped over overnight and left the airport , but only went to and from the hotel you stayed at for that night ? 
  how about if you just drove straight through it on the way to another country ? 
  perhaps a little less clear than the above questions , would you say you 'd been to china if you visited taiwan ? 
  yup . 
  i do my exercise primarily by going running , but also occasionally ride and swim . 
  never go to the gym , but i 'm also far from unfit . 
  i ca n't really do this survey i 'm afraid . 
  i 've quit my job so that i can stay home and listen to this podcast straight away . 
  oh god youtube annotations are just terrible . 
  i have a few older videos from when i was a lot less ... tasteful ... in how i used annotations . 
  i want to go back and remove them . 
  but youtube 's annotation manager tells me there * are n't * any annotations on the video . 
  so it wo n't let me remove them . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  it 's something i 've wondered about , and honestly , i think my answer would be that i 'd just let them learn qwerty . 
  for me , a big part of the advantage of switching to dvorak -- in addition to its inherent superiority over qwerty -- was that i was able to learn from scratch and completely remove the bad habits i used to have . 
  if one learned dvorak from the beginning , they would n't get that advantage .
