  my method was two folders on the desktop , one that 's an alias of the skyrim save folder , and the other contains subfolders named after each of my characters . 
  i would move the save files of one character into the relevant subfolder when i want to play another character , and then move the second character 's files into the skyrim save folder . 
  complicated to describe , but actually pretty simple to do with just a little technical knowledge . 
  it 's still stupid that they did n't include a proper character manager , though ... 
   it needs bio , chem and physics all in one, 
  that 's not really what the group 4 project is about . 
  it 's mainly just about the scientific * method * being applied in an inter-disciplinary way . 
  it does n't need to contain any of the sciences specifically , just the scientific method . 
  you said `` do n't use windows '' . 
  and if that 's an option for you , then that 's great . 
  my point was , stating that in such a general way , it 's simply * not * an option for most people . 
  ah , the streisand effect . 
  in my case it 's not using data limit . 
  i 'd seed everything to 1.5 or for a few months , whichever is shorter , if i had unlimited data . 
  i 'm not always downloading , so i can afford the extra bandwidth a lot of the time . 
  i 'm not entirely sure you understand what `` ergo '' means . 
  edit fixed, 
  actually , the reason apple maps are so shit is that apple spent all its time and effort perfecting a new feature : apple space maps !, 
  your example is poor ( aside from a select few popular languages , google translate is absolutely awful , and even for those languages , in many ways it 's easily beaten by a high school level knowledge of the language ) , but your point is incredibly valid . 
  if you went to the gp with some relatively small ailment and he had to look up your symptoms to find out what was wrong , and what to prescribe you , you 'd probably be fairly unnerved , no ? 
  you could have one of these calculators for yourself , and for examination purposes schools could supply either physical calculators , or they could have devices with the app installed , but without access to wifi or cellular network data . 
  the lack of party discipline in american politics amazes me , but i ca n't decide if i think it 's a good thing or a bad thing . 
  the negatives are obvious , but it does also mean that people in their electorate can directly influence the way they vote on specific issues , which to me is a good thing . 
  surely they should also have to reimburse you some for the potential loss due to being unable to perform to your best at the audition , and possibly losing a job because of it ? 
  yeah , i think that same problem ( along with benefits ) exists in all countries using the westminster system . 
  i know we have the same in australia , and i suspect britain is the same . 
  what school have you been to that does n't have textbooks ? 
  unis , certainly , but i 've never heard of schools that did n't . 
  oh of course it does ... 
  i should n't reddit first thing in the morning ... 
  gronkie 's had that account for a year , just waiting for the chance to make that joke . 
  fuck that question . 
  i 'm doing a sound design course on coursera , and that question was included in one of the quizes as a serious fucking question . 
  the answer for the quiz was `` no '' . 
  not really . 
  no one 's really specifically said `` university '' or `` school '' up until this point . 
  i just assumed we were talking high school , because as you said , universities tend not to have the same supplies for students . 
  when i think of alien fiction , my first thought is something like war of the worlds , i.e. , current level technology on earth against much more powerful aliens . 
  no offense , but that one does n't seem quite as amazing as the others in this thread . 
  still pretty cool , though . 
  or , similarly , it could be that a lot of people named mike go there , on account of it sharing their name . 
  heck , if i ever go to * country x * , i 'm definitely going to visit * town y * just because it shares my last name . 
  ^ ( ( i 've got a particular country and town in mind there ) ^ ), 
  this guy can see out of one eye . 
  he then closes that eye . 
  he will see exactly the same as what fully-sighted peopled see with both eyes closed . 
  i did fairly well , but there were actually quite a few that were not even remotely touched on in the course . 
  honestly , the whole course has been really poorly done , at least compared to the other coursera course i did . 
  i hope this one is particularly bad , and not the other one a particularly good one ... 
  yeah , i know what ergo means . 
  it does n't really fit in that place . 
  qed does work , in this context , though , so well done with that one . 
  here 's the exact comment i left regarding the matter in the relevant discussion thread for the course :, 
  going to wiktionary , sound is defined as 1 . 
  a sensation perceived by the ear caused by the vibration of air or some other medium ** 2 . 
  a vibration capable of causing this **, 
  or the oxford dictionary of english : 1 . vibrations that travel through the air or another medium and ** can be heard ** when they reach a person 's or animal 's ear, 
  sound does not have to be heard in order to be considered sound . 
  some definitions may consider ultrasonic vibrations separate from sound , which they consider only consists of vibrations within the human hearing range , however no definitions i could find require it to be detected in order to be considered sound . 
  could you explain this for someone who has n't got a clue what you 're talking about ? 
  i only start this coming semester . 
  regarding referencing , have you tried out the referencing features built straight in to word itself ? 
  would you say they are sufficient for referencing at uni ? 
  they 're really * really * easy to use , and at least from my perspective they * seem * to be professional . 
  ( edit : i 've just seen endnote apparently also helps with searching for good resources . 
  my question was only regarding the actual formatting of referencing in endnote vs winword . ), 
  what do you mean by `` pdfs can spy on you '' ? 
  are you literally describing how inherently insecure and vulnerable to holes they can be , or is it something more figurative that i ca n't figure out ? 
  my own input on this would be that , for me personally , pdfs have advantages and disadvantages . 
  you can search through them super easy , which is awesome , but actually reading through them and using them for proper study does n't feel as efficient . 
   improve your writing skills, 
  my reaction to this depends on what you mean :, 
  `` get better at handwriting '', 
  `` learn how to form good sentences '', 
  great tip , 
  i 'd just like to say , thanks a heap for all these awesome tips !, 
  i 'm definitely going to take a lot of them to heart . 
  cheers, 
  i would torrent the shit out of that ebook !, 
  ( unless it was free :p ) but seriously , if it was as high quality as this , i probably would pay a buck or two for it . 
  personally , i 'm not too worried about anyone trying to call home . 
  that 's what little snitch is for , 
  and you 've certainly convinced me to take a very close look at endnote . 
  especially if it works seamlessly with word , it 's sounding more and more appealing . 
  haha yeah , i did hear about that huawei story . 
  to put it simply , little snitch stops programs from connecting externally . 
  i believe it 's often used to prevent programs from checking with servers if they 've been pirated , but it could be useful in this case . 
  i think it 's mac-only , which suits me because i have one of each mac and windows , and prefer to do writing on the windows one anyway . 
  could pull up the pdf on the mac and write on the ` pc ' without having to flip back and forth between apps . 
  it could be a problem for a lot of people , though . 
  yeah , we are talking about different things , but we should n't be . 
  plasticover was replying to someone who had vision in one eye , asking what it is like when you close the good one . 
  davidguygc 's reply to him was that , in the situation where you have sight in one eye but not the other , closing that one eye would be similar to a fully sighted person closing both eyes . 
  this is what i was describing . 
  i would assume it just means they are companies that make good quality products . 
  i do n't know if i 'd say that 's * usually * the case in tv shows , but it certainly is true in this one , and i think it 's done really well . 
  i * think * i , as an aussie , use shoulda . 
  i 'm not really certain . 
  i definitely use when iming a lot . 
  come to think of it , what i * say * is probably somewhere between shoulda and shoodovv .
