  seconded . 
  i did a last year , very much regret it . 
  do b , and get to use arduinos for some real programming . 
  last i checked archaeology was an actual science . 
  no they do n't . 
  the us and the other nuclear powers only have veto in the security council . 
  true . 
  it 's just that only five are recognised as nuclear-weapon states under the nuclear non-proliferation treaty . 
  those are the five with veto power in the unsc . 
  i 've not seen a single one of the reboots of apes , and i 'm proud of that . 
  the original 5 are some of the best cinema i 've ever seen ( with the exception of the second ) . 
  would n't want to ruin that . 
  you asking a question or making a statement ? 
  surely you 're looking for soccer . 
  yeah listening to all these blues whinging about biased commentators is pretty comical . 
  i 'm down for it . 
  unidan and / r/subreddit are pretty reddit-specific . 
  careful using a d4 in place of 1/2 d8 . 
  a single d4 will give you better rolls than half a d8 . 
  the average for a d4 is 2.5 , for a d8 it 's 4.5 . 
  ah right , fair enough . 
  i would argue that ama is a reddit word , but regardless , the point stands . 
  enough of these words * are * reddit specific that one would need to be a redditor in order to understand them and complete the survey . 
  my uni has software engineers do python first year , and in second year there 's assembly and c , as well as java . 
  seems a good approach to me . 
  but yeah , fuck javascript . 
  ugly language . 
  thoughts on the recent indonesian election ? 
  i 'm playing a psion wielding a staff of the renewing source . 
  arguably the most obvious/clich \u00e9d implement for a psion to wield . 
  instead , to make it interesting , i 'm writing some back story to explain how i got it and why it 's a special weapon . 
  seems the best of both worlds to me . 
  i played this a few years back . 
  hearing the bass trombones was just epic . 
  i find it interesting that you pronounce genocide jen-uh-side rather than jen-oh-side . 
   i think that 's because english and the romance languages typically use a soft consonant when the vowel after is an e or an i. 
  hence the correct pronunciation for gif . 
  i ca n't speak for 5e , but in 4e this situation should use passive perception -- i.e. 
  no rolls involved . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  thanks for the random interesting info . 
  i was n't on trombone , i 'm a clarinetist . 
  i just loved the bass trombone in the first few bars of this . 
  so awesome . 
  it 's verizon , that 's the problem . 
  they and sprint are almost the only companies in the whole world that do n't use the gsm network , they use cdma . 
  with a verizon phone you 'll find the same problem wherever you go . 
  not as great for network stuff , but it also has the huge disadvantage of not being cross-platform . 
  you do actually get different endings for each of the buttons depending on how you played throughout the game . 
  only slightly different wording , though . 
  nothing substantial . 
  i think each button had three possible narrations . 
  as far as i 'm aware the video refs can only make calls when called upon . 
  til . 
  fuck it . 
  everyone should put seat and lid fully down when finished . 
  everyone does the same amount of work , and it feels far more hygienic ( even though there may not be any actual difference ) . 
  megan gale , megan washington , and megan boone are the suggestions google provides me when i type `` megan '' in . 
  fair enough . 
  i 've never heard of any that i mentioned , either . 
  how often do i use it ? 
  not at all most of the year , but in around july in the middle of winter i use it regularly . 
  none of the answers really fit that even loosely . 
  needs an option for `` depends on weather/time of year '' . 
  i think so , but i 'm not sure . 
  yeah , they do it because supposedly it gets the adrenaline going which makes it taste better . 
  i 've not watched an enormous amount of anime , but i watched the first episode of attack on titan and quite frankly i could n't stand it . 
  it has that anime way about it where everything is enormously overacted . 
  it made it impossible to connect with the characters or engage in the story . 
  when the guy 's mum died i basically shrugged my shoulders and said whatever . 
  contrast it to some of my favourite western animations like avatar or young justice where things are generally more serious and subdued ( with a few silly moments here and there -- but when the mood is supposed to be serious it 's never overacted ) , i feel like i really care about characters and want to know where the story is going to go in a way that i just have n't gotten with the anime i 've seen . 
  just a matter of personal preference , really . 
  is that the movie based on cirque du freak ? 
  it was absolutely my favourite book series when i read it as a kid . 
  after hearing there was a movie , and that it 's really bad , it 's probably the only movie-based-on-a-book-or-show that i have n't seen . 
  i watched eragon and the avatar film , and i loved both of their source materials , but i just could n't bring myself to watch the cirque du freak movie . 
  3 sets of 3 comics . 
  the promise , the search , and the rift . 
  so far the rift only has its first part out though . 
  awesome , i ca n't wait . 
  thanks . 
  you end up getting the answers ? 
  if it makes you feel better , i 'm reading this on sunday `` morning '' . 
  it would certainly help if you could tell us what you want to study at uni if you have any idea . 
  if not , i would certainly mention that there is n't anything that hl maths can hurt . 
  anything engineering , science , or computer related will definitely benefit from hl maths . 
  history hl without prior experience in history is n't that much of an issue , but a lack of experience in essay writing could be a little more troublesome . 
  still , if you 're interested in doing it , it 's far from impossible ; you can learn it as you go . 
  you may be in luck with that . 
  it looks like ecuador lay have had infrastructure put in by the us , and may have one or two carriers that are cdma . 
  not sure if it 's the right frequencies or if you will be able to transfer your phone to it ( as i understand it cdma networks pack the simple method of switching sim cards to swap between networks , so i have no idea how that works ) . 
  but you * may * be able to do it . 
  if you 're interested in the humanities then taking a second language hl ca n't hurt . 
  how much experience have you got with french previously ? 
  that 's a lot better than what my answer was going to be , because it includes mine but is so much broader . 
  i was just going to say climate change is real and significantly influenced by humans . 
  thanks for that , but do you happen to have a way to view it properly on mobile ? 
  ah well . 
  i 'll take a look when i 'm at my computer , then .
