  a source i 'm definitely going to rate more highly than some grammar textbook i 've never heard of . 
  note the `` or '' in the definition of homophone , but the `` and '' in homograph . 
  the [ wikimedia foundation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:homograph_homophone_venn_diagram.svg ) has a pretty good euler diagram explaining things that seems to be in line with the oxford definitions . 
  no , it * does * violate `` net neutrality '' , but it violates it in a way that , imo , is perfectly acceptable . 
  as you said , most aussie telcos offer facebook , twitter , and a few other social networks free of data usage . 
  similarly , most isps have their own sites that do n't count against your data usage . 
  this stuff is completely acceptable , just as the wikipedia example in the op is . 
  what 's * not * okay is doing the reverse . 
  * blocking * access to any sites , or slowing down access to them . 
  edit : as a user said further down the thread :, 
   could n't you argue this is like a 1-800 number for phones ? 
  i guess i do n't really have an issue with companies picking up the charge if i access their website , but i do n't want them to therefore be any faster than a mom and pop website i visit . 
  phone quality should be the same whether i call an 800 number or my sister . 
  someone explain my point to me better with your fancy lawyer speak . 
  no , if you support net neutrality in an absolutist way , you are doing a net bad to humanity . 
  i support net neutrality in the sense that no carrier should be allowed to vary the speed at which any site can be accessed , or which sites * can * be accessed . 
  but choosing not to count some sites against the users ' bandwidth quota is perfectly acceptable , in my opinion . 
  i 'm getting ads for donations here in vietnam . 
  australian mobile internet is actually faster than american . 
  it 's on adsl connections that we get fucked over . 
  i 'm pretty sure his `` ideals '' comment was a joke ... 
  he 's making an assumption based on the * promo * , which is spoiler material . 
  some of us do n't like to see promos ahead of the episode airing for exactly this reason . 
  i misread that as when you are * driving * . 
  was thoroughly confused . 
  i did n't watch it . 
  the text he provided along with it was the spoiler ... 
  you 're absolutely right that it does have problems in that it raises the barrier to entry a little . 
  but i would contend that for facebook and twitter to be in the position where they can offer this , they 're * already * so heavily entrenched that the barrier for entry to the market is ridiculously high , and this one little thing is n't going to make much difference anyway . 
  and even if it did , i would argue that it 's worth it . 
  having easy access to all the world 's information ( via wp ) and being able to keep in touch with friends and family from all over the world ( fb ) are absolutely fantastic things to be able to do . 
  and the importance of those in today 's society far outweighs -- in my opinion , and that of many others -- the potential for a slight increase in the already massive barrier to entry in those markets . 
  think of it from the consumer 's perspective . 
  you have a base level that is a perfect neutral net . 
  the sort of violations of net neutrality we usually talk about are blocking websites completely , charging extra for access to certain websites , or slowing down certain websites . 
  all of these take the base level , and then detract from it . 
  however , excluding sites from quotas takes the base level and provides * more * to the consumer . 
  seems obvious to me that this is a good thing . 
  oh god you know what . 
  i was totally wrong . 
  of course not all homonyms are homophones . 
  yeah , i got ta be honest , i 'll be very surprised if either of these shows is still going in april 2024 . 
  that 'll be the end of season 9 of the flash , and season 11 of arrow . 
  that said , i guess they do have time travel , so that could come into it somehow ... 
  precisely . 
  since when did seasons begin in the middle of the month ? 
  been summer for 12 days already in aus ... 
  editing svg files is too hard . 
  i 've added a note on the image 's talk page to get it fixed , but i doubt anyone 'll see it . 
  anyway , thanks for the information . 
  awesome . 
  thanks for the information !, 
  i just got back from my sister 's school 's christmas concert . 
  they played a bunch of pieces from home alone . 
  man john williams is an awesome composer . 
  and do not look up anything about it . 
  just go and see it when it 's out . 
  i accidentally read something from the creators of the series , and they said that they planned on ending it the way the book series began , which lead me to look that up . 
  holy fuck . 
   i rank it up there with e.t. 
  in this category . 
  is et well liked ? 
  honest question . 
  i 've always thought it was a dumb movie . 
  but i definitely agree with you regarding bttf . 
  escape is part of the original series . 
  it 's the third film , iirc , and definitely agree it 's fantastic . 
  oddly , the second film in the original series ( is it called under tpota ? ), 
  is imo the absolute worst in the franchise -- and i feel confident saying this without even having seen the remake of the original ( 2001 ) or the recent reboots . 
  i thought beneath was terrible . 
  i absolutely loved all 4 of the others films in the original series , but beneath was just ... so dull . 
  oooo i like this idea . 
  that , combined with [ approval voting ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orybdruj4va ) when deciding where to eat in larger groups means you 'll never have problems deciding where to eat again !, 
  fellowship * was * always planned to be part 1 of 3 films , since they were all based off of one novel . 
  does n't count if they were originally planned to be a series . 
  you can * probably * also add `` the star wars trilogies '' to that list ( treating each of the three trilogies as its own set ) . 
  though the third trilogy has n't actually started yet , so it could go wrong . 
  nah man , everyone knows the odd symphonies were always the good ones !, 
  godfather . 
  star wars original trilogy . 
  indiana jones ( original films ) . 
  the korean trilogy of which `` old boy '' is the second film . 
  just to name a few that come to mind . 
  my parents always made me do it , too . 
  we 're australian . 
  i 've always thought it weird , to be honest , but ah well . 
  he really is a fucking brilliant comedian , too . 
  * [ death by tray !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq03xebtbeu ), 
  * [ cake or death ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmmhuzm22oe ), 
  a couple of his more famous little clips , for anyone who wants a quick laugh . 
  both of these are within one of his full shows . 
  interestingly , the entire `` please and thank you '' culture is pretty unique to anglophones . 
  it 's much less common in europe , and it 's very different in asia . 
  what 's the deleted comment say ? 
  you should do a survey on / r/samplesize to find out who does what , and how they feel about it . 
  if you ask me the facebook post is every bit as valid as a snail mail letter would be . 
  sure , it was done without sincerity , but the letter would have been , too . 
  so which * form * he used should n't play a role in it . 
  my grandfather makes his own custom printed cards for birthdays and such on his computer , nice pictures and everything .
