  if you want to learn more , come on over to / r/classicalmusic , we 're a really friendly bunch and more than happy to help you on your way . 
  edit : added link, 
  any relation to aaron ? 
  edit : whoops , just noticed the last name is spelt differently . 
  what sort of hardware does it need ? 
  would it run on a geforce 9800 gt ? 
  sure you can . 
  you have your main gocard that you keep with auto-refill , and then when you need to go to the airport you buy a new one to use for the trip there . 
  see also : [ the australian vaccination network ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_vaccination_network ) . 
  it 's not only a reddit thing . 
  ( although admittedly in this case they 're being required to change their name because of how misleading it is . ), 
  how does that work ? 
  was he elected before the 2 term limit was introduced ? 
  whoops . 
  just realised that i did n't actually include the link for how i distinguish the terms . 
  [ here it is ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/music/comments/1vxfhl/claude_debussy_clair_de_lune_classical/cewvr63?context=3 ) . 
  well , it 's somewhat correct because you did n't really explain what the difference between the two uses of `` classical '' in music are , and you also said `` do n't listen to him '' as a response to someone recognising that they did n't know much about the genre and being interested in learning more because of it . 
  but yeah , i 'm aware of various types of earlier popular music , but it 's not particularly significant , so i left it out for simplicity . 
  nobody on the right hand side of that chart is a rational human . 
  unfortunately , i feel like a lot of people take the term `` agnostic '' to mean someone like jeff winger on community . 
  it 's not that they simply ca n't decide or do n't know about the existence of a god , it 's that they 're too lazy to be bothered making a decision . 
  this common perception is , of course , not accurate for many agnostics , such as yourself , but it is unfortunately what most people will think of if you call yourself agnostic . 
  i think that may partly be where the responses in this thread come from . 
  actually , a-theist means without a god . 
  there are , for example , atheist religions ( such as most types of buddhism ) . 
  yeah , washington had 2 terms , and so the * convention * up until that point ( i just did n't realise `` that point '' was roosevelt . 
  for some reason i was under the impression it was earlier . ), 
  was to step down after 2 in the same way he did . 
  but i 'm curious . 
  he served all of three , and was elected to a fourth . 
  why did n't he also serve for that fourth term ? 
  oh right . 
  thanks . 
   with that , it would be cool if the file had the name of the timetable save instead of the long ass string of random characters . 
  if you 're talking about actually downloading the file , you can easily rename it yourself afterwards . 
  if you 're talking about importing it into your calendar app of choice by the url , chances are the app will allow you to give it a custom name . 
  ( i know google calendar does . ), 
  it 's an absolutely fantastic show . 
  really weird/bizarre/quirky , but absolutely great . 
  a lot of people find it starts out kinda slow , although i personally did n't have that problem . 
  i first watched it around july/august last year , and i binge watched it in 10 days it was so good . 
  the specific episode where he mentions he 's agnostic is s01e12 `` comparative religion '' , and if you want to get the reference you could probably get away with only watching that episode . 
  but if you know more about his character from the earlier episodes you 'd probably appreciate it more . 
  ah right , i was n't aware . 
  i 'm not that knowledgeable on us history . 
  just how soon into his fourth term did he die ? 
  i 've only been to two sections of the wall , one was the main touristy area , and the other was another very touristy one that is n't the most popular one . 
  neither one was anything * close * to as bad as the `` reality '' picture above . 
  dude . 
  nsfw warning . 
  my sister and my female friend both went to see it ( separately ) and neither of them were particularly impressed with it . 
  you 'd have to alter that slightly so that instead of asking them `` if they were raped '' , you 're asking questions that indicate whether they 're raped . 
  many people will answer the latter more honestly than the simple upfront question . 
  i love the way google uses fancy numbers like this . 
  they were offering multiples of \u03c0 in bidding for something a while back . 
  whoa dude . 
  way to misrepresent the entire political philosophy . 
  i score -5 on the political compass for economics , and -5 in social issues , so one could argue that i 'm relatively `` socialist '' , especially by american standards . 
  but the murder of innocent people ? 
  hell no . 
  i do n't support the death penalty . 
  in fact , that 's very much an authoritarian viewpoint ( large positive scores on the social scale ) , which most people who identify as `` socialists '' are not . 
  i 'm not even going to * touch * that comment about `` people having more possessions than them '' . 
  the political compass is great , and the nolan chart is essentially the same concept , but spun to explicitly favour libertarianism ( i.e. , what the political compass would call right-libertarian ) . 
  i do n't think most people support that , either . 
  at least here outside the us . 
  i made the mistake of going to this last year . 
  absolute rubbish it was . 
  that said , i think the `` compulsory '' session was where they gave out free stuff , like the uq engineering water bottles , which was cool . 
   realise that you were a complete dumbass at school for taking so long to learn new things, 
  someone clearly did n't do ib in high school :p, 
  nah but seriously , your advice is all great . 
  the problem with verizon is that they do n't use the world standard gsm network . 
  verizon and sprint use cdma , which is n't compatible with most devices designed to work worldwide . 
  there 's probably some sort of case you could get that would do that . 
  i watched through [ crash course us history ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6e9wu9tgrec&amp;list=pl8dpuualjxtmwmepbjtsg593eg7obzo7s ) as it was airing , which i found to be very informative . 
  not being american , i do n't feel the need to go out of my way to learn in more detail than what that provided . 
  they probably did mention this particular fact ; it probably just slipped my mind . 
  thanks , though . 
   when the temperature drops below 32, 
  being someone from the green lands of not-america , i at first interpreted this as \u02dac , and was rather stunned . 
  the thought of being in a place where it rarely drops below 32 \u02da was scary . 
  he 's complaining about the specific phrase `` my bad '' , not the idea of correcting your mistakes . 
  but even so , i say ignore him . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the phrase . 
  til : normal pens do n't work in orbit . 
  i mean , if you think it out it makes sense , the ink gets pulled down to the ball by gravity , so when gravity is n't having a net downward effect on it , it would n't work . 
  i just never thought it out before , so it never occurred to me . 
  i 'm gon na go out on a limb here and say i enjoyed the whole episode . 
  season 4 was definitely the worst , but it was n't * that * bad . 
  i 'd say it had 2 or 3 particularly bad episodes ( with the puppet one being just leagues ahead of everything else in how bad it was ) , which is about the same number as the other seasons . 
  the only difference is that it 's half the length , which means double the percentage bad episodes . 
  except that samsung is a korean company , and so is lg ( the two latest nexus phones being perhaps the most important thing of note here ) . 
   it switches between imessage and regular sms , since it even uses the same app, 
  this is something that i really do n't want . 
  if i 'm sending a message to someone , i want to know how it 's being sent ( so i can control whether it counts as data or an sms ) and how it will be received on the other end ( smss do n't require the other party to have an internet connection active ) . 
  a while ago facebook messenger started receiving my smss , so i had to go in and turn that off . 
  more recently the google + hangouts got that feature , and i tried it out before quickly turning it off . 
  bottom line is , i want control over how messages that i send reach the recipient . 
  apps that put sms and im in the same app , or apps that use phone numbers as the user id just get in the way of that .
