  15 would be frame doubling . 
  one upglider is worth 1,000 notes . 
  never did marching band , but through ib i did orchestra , jazz band , and some concert band , as well as going on a music camp in both first and second year . 
  i took music hl , so it all helped with my performance component . 
  but it definitely never got in the way of the rest of my study . 
  you just got ta manage your time well . 
  good for cas , too . 
  with marching band i imagine you could count it as either creativity or action . 
  i absolutely loved the original series . 
  i watched them only a couple of years ago , but i think they are some of the best cinema i 've seen . 
  really did n't like the 2nd one , beneath tpota , but all 4 of the others were fantastic . 
  one of them ( i think 3 , but could be 4 or 5 ) had one of my favourite fictional speeches in any fantasy work . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/planet_of_the_apes_ ( franchise ) #list _ of_media, 
  this gives a good idea . 
  * there 's the original series of 5 films which came out from 1968 to 1973 . 
  * then there 's the remake of the very first film which came out in 2001 . 
  * and the rebooted series , which started in 2011 , currently has 2 films out , with a third one planned for 2016 . 
  probably would have been better if you had put torrent/download separate from illegal streaming . 
  still , interesting to see the results . 
  here , you dropped this . 
  in seriousness , though , it was a really good comment . 
  this is what i really hate about him . 
  he has all these opinions , which is fine , but then he goes and thrusts them down your throat like this is the way games ** have ** to be . 
  god forbid a game does n't have a fov slider for artistic reasons , no , if there 's no fov slider it must be because the developers are crap . 
  if you do n't mind , i 'd be curious to know what steps you took in your conversion . 
  did you get stickers for your keyboard , or print out a picture of the dvorak layout and stick it next to your monitor , or just try learning completely as you go ? 
  i would suggest continuing to use qwerty on phones . 
  the thing that made qwerty useful on mechanical typewriters also makes it useful on touchscreens . 
  the way dvorak puts its common letters makes it harder for autocorrection algorithms to correctly predict what you wanted to type . 
  best of luck !, 
  yeah i 'm definitely of the opinion that stickers are a crutch for exactly the reason you described . 
  i was just curious . 
  games and sports are two separate categories that are not mutually exclusive , and neither is one a subset of the other . 
  chess \u2208 games but chess \u2209 sports, 
  football ( whichever code ) \u2208 games and football \u2208 sports, 
  running , cycling , and swimming \u2209 games but running , cycling , and swimming \u2208 sports . 
  i would argue that computer games , even competitive computer games , are in the same category as chess . 
  games , but not sports . 
  it probably is n't an artistic choice in most cases , but that does n't mean it * ca n't * be . 
  it 's quite easy to imagine a game which wants to restrict your view angle for purposes like creating a more oppressive atmosphere . 
  pocket casts is also on ios , though ... 
   also the phone scrolls when i swipe , not half a second after . 
  even the high end android phones are not as responsive as iphones , to this day . 
  no , not to this day . 
  two years ago , sure . 
  but project butter completely solved that problem . 
  good android phones are now every bit as responsive as an iphone under normal use . 
  dvorak support ? 
  unless you 're talking about external keyboards , i ca n't imagine why you would want it . 
  i use dvorak on my desktop and laptop , but it is quite frankly an awful layout on touch screens . 
  the things that made qwerty good on mechanical typewriters are the same things that make it good for touch screens . 
  common key pairings are separated , which helps immensely with autocorrect and text prediction . 
  dvorak often has common keys near each other , which is terrible for typing on a touch screen . 
  there are certainly quite a few people who stay at ih for lengthier times . 
  but it 's not like people leaving has to be a problem . 
  there are a lot of exchange students , but the vast majority are at uq ( or qut or griffith ) for their whole degree . 
  even once they leave you can stay in touch with them . 
  i have a dnd group that 's got 2 ex-residents and 5 current ressies , for example . 
  if you went to an international school , ih will be absolutely perfect for you . 
  i was in the same position when i came here . 
  australian citizen , but lived overseas since 10 . 
  i 'm curious , where 'd you go ? 
  ( and which curriculum did you study ? ), 
  yes for anything google ( so you 'll want to be using google + hangouts rather than skype ) . 
  an unofficial sometimes for steam . 
  sometimes it counts against your quota sometimes it does n't . 
  it 's rather erratic . 
  at most colleges ( but not union ) there 's also an intranet file sharing service called dc which you can use to get tv shows , movies , etc. , and it does n't count against your quota , either , and is lightning fast . 
  torrents are shaped so that most of the time they 'll download really slowly . 
  otherwise the internet is some of the best in the country . 
  just do n't rely on the wifi , which is mostly good now , but can be somewhat unreliable ( and does n't get access to dc ) . 
  ah right . 
  i was at the british international school vietnam for 5 years , and was in korea for 3 before that . 
  also took the ib . 
  i went to the british school manila once on a school trip . 
  i believe they 're fairly close to you guys ? 
  i 'm second year engineering . 
  software . 
  which type are you doing , or have you not decided yet ? 
  yeah . 
  i watched an old movie on tv this week that made the same joke regarding whelmed . 
  i was quite surprised about it , because i thought it was originally from young justice . 
  i think the movie was 10 things i hate about you . 
  do n't forget he was there , and he 's probably grown up them with and knows then very well . 
  i imagine he would have read their reaction to the rest of the session and figured it was going well , so this would n't be a problem . 
  that would be failing to account for air resistance , which i imagine would be quite substantial . 
  we had cdma ? 
  regarding battery and storage , that 's the way google wants android to go , too . 
  just look at the recent nexus phones . 
  for batteries that 's actually a good thing . 
  non-removable batteries means no space wasted for the latch and removal mechanism , which means a larger battery life . 
  besides , if you want more battery it 's just as easy to carry a small external battery with you . 
  storage is another matter . 
  not having a micro-sd slot really limits how much you can store , because the space on one of those is much cheaper than what companies charge for the same space internally , and you can also get much more space . 
  you should have a read of the [ remindmebot ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/ ) . 
  really helpful for remembering about good reddit posts . 
  2 minutes `` stuff about social media '', 
  i misread it as 39/40 and thought it was just ridiculous . 
  there 's no evidence that the death penalty acts as more of a deterrent than life in prison . 
  yeah seriously .
