  yeah , it does n't look to me like they 're saying the impact of breed is negligible at all , just that the owner has * more * of an impact . 
  it may indeed be that a pitbull is a lot more aggressive than a labrador . 
  then again , maybe they are n't . 
  i get plus.google.com . 
  incognito mode is a thing . 
  i get the joke , but seriously , g + is so much superior to facebook it 's not funny . 
  the only problem with it is that the average person does n't use it . 
  not to mention that hangouts alone just blows everything else out of the water , even if you never use the rest of g + . 
  i have n't gotten there , but at level 15 you unlock weapon swapping . 
  since i have n't experienced it myself , i ca n't say for certain , but i was under the impression that this allows you to have more powers because you can `` switch weapons '' , but have the second weapon be exactly the same , but with a different set of powers . 
  so you still only have 1-5 at once , but you can use the weapon switching mechanic to get more . 
  again , i could be wrong , since i have n't experienced it myself . 
  yeah i had it and used it . 
  it looked so much cooler vertical , and where i kept it , it fit better that way . 
  80 % if the legal age is 16 . 
  i could be wrong , but my understanding was that even when you take that into account , there 's still a significant gap , with women making something like 94 -- 98 % of what men make . 
  not nearly as bad as the 70 % stat that gets thrown around , but still big enough that it 's worth mentioning . 
  for what it 's worth , op editorialised the title . 
  the original is `` as ukraine tension flares , russia test-fires ballistic missile . 
  so thanks op for giving us a more informative title , even if it is technically against the subreddit rules . 
  i 've personally decided that i 'm going to completely ignore the asylum seeker issue as far as influencing my vote goes , mainly because it does n't seem that any party really has the best interests of the people involved at heart . 
  but the nuclear thing definitely should n't be something that causes one to not vote for the greens , solely because there is n't any party that * does * support nuclear power . 
  you get with the greens exactly the same as you would get with labor or the coalition , with the difference that at least the greens are really committed to renewable energy , with labor giving it some lip service and the coalition not giving a shit . 
  just because i 'm curious , i 'm going to ask a slightly easier question than / u/nuclearspy . 
  could you give some examples of the best countries according to your ideals in terms of economy and society * separately * ? 
  [ the first third of this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7ndrwqjydm ) is worth watching for an explanation of what is considered a civilisation . 
  australian aboriginals certainly had a few of these traits , but as far as i 'm aware they did n't really have surplus production or cities , which are probably two of the most important . 
  the original only shot 1 scene ? 
  why the hell would n't they just reshoot that scene ? 
  i 'm really curious what you mean by the quest vendors thing . 
  it 's seemed to me that quests are done really well in this game . 
  you can be walking around a city or the wilderness and randomly come across someone who has a quest to give you , so you go and talk to them , and then you 're in the quest . 
  sometimes quests even start from things like picking up items etc. 
  what more could you want ? 
  i 'm not sure really what you mean by zoning of areas . 
  but everything else i can agree with you on . 
  when you word it like that , sure . 
  when you think it 's slightly over 50 % of the population consistently and systematically making 94 % of what the other half makes , then it 's a problem . 
  also , do n't fall foul to the false dichotomy fallacy . 
  i mean a false dichotomy in the sense that your previous comment seems to imply that just because there are other issues worthy of attention , we should just ignore this one . 
  hey , so you 've done healing and tanking . 
  i 'm just wondering if you plan on doing any other play styles . 
  these were so well-written i 'd definitely like to see more from you . 
  i 'm australian and i far prefer british humour to american . 
  ( by the way , / u/nerdenerd probably is n't british , because if he is he spelt humour wrong . ), 
  * just * the original office ? 
  that show was amazing . 
  i 've got ta be honest , i 'm a bit confused about what you 're talking about . 
  do n't you just pick 6 subjects from the 6 groups ? 
  what 's the difference between maths hl and maths hl2 ? 
   just several people going for the same goal, 
  this is how parties come about . 
  in the american political system parties do not officially exist . 
  like the westminster system it is loosely based upon , in order to select the leader of the house/senate , people must group together with similarly-minded people to vote for one person to win . 
  this inevitably causes the creation of parties , because even though it 's relatively simple for people who agree on issues to group together , selecting a leader of that group is much harder unless you have a more formally created party . 
  a nice idea , but two big parties are ultimately inevitable in a first past the post system like the one the us currently employs . 
  if the us wants to change this , it needs to switch to * at least * the alternate vote ( aka the instant runoff vote ) system , or even better , a form of proportional voting such as stv ( john cleese explains how this would work in [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) ) . 
  the best thing about australia 's system , in my opinion , is the fact that we use a proportional system in the senate . 
  just ignore the absurdity that is our current above-the-line voting , and see how useful stv really is when people actually actively decide they like third/minor parties . 
  we 've got the current situation in the australian senate ( i.e. , before the june changeover ) where the greens , dlp , and an independent hold the balance of power , meaning both major parties need to find support and ca n't just rubber stamp stuff through . 
  yes the two-party system is bad . 
  but ultimately it is inevitable given the current system of voting in america . 
  when someone votes , they have to decide on one single person that they think deserves their vote . 
  let us take the case of the 2000 presidential election . 
  i could vote for al gore , george bush , or ralph nader . 
  i 'm generally left leaning , and nader is my preferred choice . 
  i want to vote for him and give him my support , but i live in a swing state , and i know that most people will vote for bush or gore . 
  i could vote for nader , but i 'm worried that if i do , it 'll mean bush will win , even though i would prefer gore out of those two . 
  so my choices are vote for nader , give him my support , but know that i 'm increasing the chance of bush winning , or vote for gore and increase his chance of winning , but no longer give nader my support . 
  if i 'm smart , and in a swing state , i 'll have to vote for gore , because a vote for nader is taking a vote away from gore , the candidate i most agree with who has the most chance of winning . 
  this is known as the spoiler effect . 
  see [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7twhjfhiyo ) for more , in particular an explanation of how the two-party position is created in the first place . 
  if you want to get rid of the two party system , the * only * option is to push for a different voting system . 
  alternate vote ( the system used in australia 's house of representatives ) is much better , and partially alleviates this problem , although there is still a strong tendency for a two-party system to be created . 
  there are also a variety of proportional systems available , but my personal favourite is the single transferable vote , or stv . 
  it 's what australia currently uses in its senate , and the australian senate truly is n't a two party system , with the greens holding significant power , and a handful of minor/third parties also in there . 
  [ this video explains how stv works in general ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blh_w5khjpa ) , while [ this video explains how it could work in america 's house of representatives ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  as someone who 's only really played the pact , i 'm interested in just knowing a basic overview of what the other two storylines entailed . 
  given the fiasco over minor parties winning seats as a result of convoluted preference deals at the federal election last september , what do you think can/should be done to fix this problem ? 
  do you think some sort of above-the-line preferencing should be put in place to replace this , or would you propose some other solution ? 
  thanks so much for doing this ama . 
  your work regarding technology , the internet , and privacy is just amazing , and your welcome to mr abbott was just brilliant . 
  did you ask in the wrong ama ? 
  you were a little too late to the party , but these are great questions . 
  i wish he had answered them . 
   the game audio balance has been improved ( this is an ongoing effort ) . 
  any ideas what that means ? 
  i hope it means music has been made louder , because even with the music slider way up i 've been finding it too quiet ... 
  not true at all . 
  he took on the nuclear and gm questions which he must know are massively unpopular opinions among many younger greens voters . 
  the us has a problem with freedom of speech . 
  that 's obviously not a particularly popular opinion , but i feel it 's really true . 
  now , countries like australia and the united kingdom also have series problems with it . 
  we have libel and slander laws that are far too strict . 
  the problem with the us is it goes much too far the other way . 
  shock jocks like rush limbaugh can get away with outright lies on their programmes with next to no repercussions . 
  in australia , people like alan jones are still able to exist and spout out their rubbish on national radio , but if they step over the line . 
  if they state something as fact which is an outright lie . 
  they are made to publish a retraction or correction . 
  australia has an independent electoral commission ( the aec ) which takes care of monitoring voting and counting results .
