  i 've got you tagged as `` liked avatar movie '' from a thread ages ago . 
  if you 're exhausted just thinking about the stuff in this thread , then perhaps a 40 minute video is too much , but here 's [ the nostalgia critic 's review of it ] ( http://thatguywiththeglasses.com/videolinks/thatguywiththeglasses/nostalgia-critic/40488-the-last-airbender ) , which just came out yesterday . 
  the deus ex machina ( because let 's be honest , the whole spirit bending thing kinda was ... ) or the a capella avatar end credits theme ? 
  kind of ... there is some value in reinforcing already existing beliefs , it could potentially encourage people to go out and campaign or to try and convince their friends/acquaintances ( hopefully in a more reasoned way ) to vote that way too . 
  but yeah , mostly useless . 
  the mozart analogy was perfect . 
  the master composers like bach , mozart , and beethoven truly have got their work down to the point that every single note is absolutely essential . 
  i do n't think it 's entirely inaccurate to make the same assessment of the original avatar series , they really are incredibly well made and very precise . 
  5 , 9 , 3 , 7 , 6 , the rest , is my preference . 
  hahaha . 
  yay vague language . 
  made it clearer ... 
  no , it 's more like if you quoted someone in a reddit comment and failed to cite properly . 
  perhaps not all that nice , but ultimately inconsequential . 
  and even that 's a terrible analogy , because this is n't about linking to the source , it 's about reposting something that he already checked was n't posted once before . 
  he says he changed the title so as not to offend anyone . 
  i 'm curious , did anyone catch the original title ? 
  that is great in theory , but it simply is n't possible in practice . 
  there are far too many places where you * ca n't * ride in a dedicated bike lane or bike path . 
  if you 're using a bike for what it 's actually designed for -- you know , getting from a to b -- and your trip does n't have bike lanes for a large portion of the way , then going on the road is the only option . 
  footpaths are terrible , the quality of road on most footpaths designed for walking on is awful and makes for at best an uncomfortable ride , and at worst could cause damage to the bike , or cause you to have an accident . 
  until bike lanes or dedicated bike roads ( like the bicentennial bikeway ) are ubiquitous , drivers are just going to have to put up with us and remember to drive in a safe manner . 
  edit : my main point : council should really concentrate on putting more bike lanes in place . 
  wow ... this guy 's super pc xd, 
  really clever comic , though . 
   are you pulling them out of 1955 and putting them on the field today ? 
  or are we giving them access to training that we have today . 
  i feel like this is the key point . 
  sure if you just brought them to the future suddenly and made them play , they probably would n't be able to compete . 
  but if they had grown up with the game as it is now , and trained for its current conditions , who could say ? 
  perhaps they would n't have been able to learn it in its changed form , but perhaps they would have been even greater than they were in their actual time . 
  media blackout ? 
  oh really ? 
  is that an agreement they 've come to , or is it some sort of regulation ? 
  and do they do this every election ? 
  what 's the reasoning behind it ? 
  that sounds just like what they 've got in the uk . 
  it 's terrible , you should n't have to opt out and get your name on a list of ` pervs ' just to get unfettered access to the internet . 
  uhh ... i think you 're replying to the wrong person here ... 
  i was just asking about campaign ads . 
  also , i 'm from qld too . 
  clearly does n't apply to the internet . 
  nearly ever preroll ad i 've had on youtube has been either labor or liberal in the last 24 hours . 
  oh really ? 
  is that an agreement they 've come to , or is it some sort of regulation ? 
  and do they do this every election ? 
  what 's the reasoning behind it ? 
  i have n't decided exactly yet , but almost certainly :, 
  pirate party, 
  a few, 
  n. greens, 
  a few more, 
  m. labor, 
  more again, 
  liberal, 
  and then the stupid ones, 
  in `` a few '' or `` a few more '' will probably be `` australian independents '' , senator online , hemp , and maybe sex party . 
  `` more again '' will be sex party ( if not above ) , katter , palmer , australian democrats , animal justice , liberal democrats . 
  stupid ones are smokers ' rights , motoring enthusiasts , fishing and lifestyle , no carbon tax , stop the greens , shooters and fishers , democratic labour party , family first , australian christians , one nation . 
  there 's a few that i do n't yet know about , like stop csg , republicans , australian voice , australia first , socialist equality , australian protectionist , building australia , stable population , secular party , and uniting australia . 
  i 've got some vague idea of whether i probably agree or not with some of these , but i 'm not certain ( names can be deceiving ... ) . 
  ah cheers mate . 
  definitely agree . 
  a * much * nicer interface for rearranging your preferences and stuff . 
  only disadvantage is it does n't also have an editor for reps. 
   the names political parties give themselves are misleading, 
  i 'm not sure that 's * entirely * accurate . 
  i think that what tends to happen is the names are more or less accurate at the start , but as parties grow and time moves on , they adapt their policies to fit with the times . 
  labor might not be especially strongly about the rights of labouring workers today , but that 's exactly how they started . 
  the pirate party is all over this stuff . 
  and their preference deals were done in a completely open and democratic way , unlike the wikileaks party . 
  / u/iloveyoujesuschriist is being a dick about it , but he has the right point . 
  there really is a big difference between left wing economics ( ` socialism ' ) and what you get with single-party ` socialist ' states . 
  read up on ( and take ) the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  socialism itself just refers to left wing on economic policies . 
  that 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  if you agree with labor , or even more so with the greens , then you agree with left wing economics . 
  even the liberal party is vastly more left wing than the republicans ( or even , arguably , the democrats ) in the united states . 
  the other axis , the social scale , that 's what sets states like the former soviet republic apart . 
  labor and the greens are moderately `` libertarian '' , while the ussr was an extreme authoritarian party . 
  they did n't cause the deaths of millions of people because they wanted to share wealth around , they did that because they wanted extreme total control over people 's lives . 
  while i can totally understand how their use of the term socialism could turn you off of the word in general , you really need to understand that it 's not remotely the same thing . 
  now , i have n't researched the policies of the socialist equality party yet , they are most likely extreme left and moderately libertarian . 
  that 's where most people who call themselves ` socialists ' these days lie -- it 's certainly where the socialists who i see on my uni campus and in the city doing their protest thing are . 
  that 's true , but the difference is you did n't just change your mind , you publicly admitted to doing it . 
  that takes balls . 
  and good on ya for it . 
  they really are n't a single issue party . 
  they have comprehensive policies on virtually every issue currently under discussion , and then some . 
  i do n't particularly agree with them on everything ( particularly marriage equality -- they want to remove marriage as a state institution and replace it with civil unions -- and the environment -- to me their policies seem great and lovely , but totally unrealistic to the extent of being just plain stupid ) , but they have clearly got a very thorough platform to run on . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , they 're total nutters , but they are absolutely not comparable in any way to the soviet union . 
  that did n't happen because of left wing marxist ideology , it happened because of total unfettered power and the desire to keep that power . 
  marxism is stupid , but it is n't evil in the way the ussr was . 
  i 've checked out sep 's website , and they do n't actually have policies listed , but from what i could gather it seems to reinforce my previous opinion . 
  nutters , but `` fair '' nutters . 
  in my books , they 're easily ahead of one nation , `` stop the greens '' , and the shooters and fishers parties , but they 're still not a party to be taken particularly seriously . 
  they support equal rights for people , including laws against discrimination based on race , sexuality , gender , etc. 
  they 're against war , and they support universal healthcare and education . 
  none of that would have even been close to happening in the ussr . 
  a lot of * extremely * ridiculous positions in other areas , but certainly not inhumane and they in no way deserve to be compared to the soviet union .
