   you will retain full ownership of everything related to it, 
  so it seems as though it 's fully encouraged !, 
  but they do ? 
  or at least , they did ~ 10 years ago when i got my eyes tested and found i needed glasses for the first time . 
  it seems sibelius 7 does n't support that . 
  grab a copy of audacity , load the wav file up in that , and use it to export as mp3 . 
  no such a thing as a quarter caster . 
  if it 's meant to be similar to the paladin ( which it seems to me that it is ) , it should be a half caster . 
  it might , on the other hand , be more like an eldritch knight , in which case it should be a third caster . 
  this is being removed . 
  / r/dndgreentext is for sharing stories from roleplaying games . 
  no , eldritch knights are third casters . 
  they progress at one third the rate of full casters , not one quarter . 
  edit : just noticed your ninja edit . 
  you may call it semantics , i call it accuracy . 
  quarter casters do n't exist , because nobody gets spellcasting at 4th level , second level slots at 8th level , etc. 
  damn , why is it that i only see this comment * after * i went to all the effort to switch to my pixel from my mac and find this page on it ... 
  i went from a nexus 4 to a pixel , and i 've absolutely loved both phones . 
  they 're the closest thing you 'll get to if apple made phones with the android operating system . 
  clean , high quality user experience , fast and responsive hardware , and a really nice overall software package ( with google assistant , unlimited photo backup + automatic photo processing , etc. 
  i 've never needed to try it out , so i ca n't comment how good it actually is , but google 's been promoting their customer support as one of the major benefits of the pixel . 
  they 've obviously had a bad reputation for poor cs in the past , but they seem to be trying to turn it around with the pixel . 
  according to comments in the related / r/dnd thread , http://pyromancers.com/, 
  if your wifi signal is weak , this may cause two things :, 
  it powers the antennae more , to try and get the best response it can . 
  your internet connection will be weak , meaning pages load slowly and unreliably . 
  if point 2 is true , it might just be worth turning off your wifi , depending on how much you need the internet at that point . 
  alternatively , you might be able to move closer to the source . 
   you also block and parry , and that is when you want to be strong, 
  not really . 
  these are also far more about seeing and reacting to where your opponent 's blade is going -- that 's dex . 
  the act of actually knocking their blade aside is relatively simple , by comparison . 
  mechanically it sounds like a pretty decent idea to me , but i feel like you need a better flavour justification , because your current one is really bad . 
  i want to go out for a run . 
  before dinner , but also when it 's not too hot . 
  that 's only possible if sundown is before 7 . 
  which it always is , naturally , but not with the government mandated lie of dst . 
  but dst is n't in winter , and so it makes no difference to what time it gets dark in winter . 
  i 'm at uq and i had no idea the turkeys were n't still `` a thing '' . 
  this is the first time i 've seen an ibis associated with uq . 
  yeah , i noticed that . 
  my sister was at uq four years back when it was big on the turkeys , but my brother goes there now , and it 's all about the ibis . 
  no idea what changed . 
  it 's the same type of light-hearted jovial banter as when an aussie calls a kiwi a sheep-shagger . 
  not meant with malice , but love . 
  i can see a reasonable argument for making initiative any of dex , wis , or int , to be honest . 
  the first thing i noticed is that you seem to have completely dead levels . 
  7 , 11 , and 18 look like nothing happens . 
  this is bad design . 
  you 'll notice in the phb that when the `` features '' column has a '' -- '' in it , something else is happening . 
  in most cases , it 's because they 're getting new spell slots of a higher level . 
  martial classes basically * always * get something new every level , or at least get a more powerful version of an existing feature . 
   i put it down to a general lack of intelligence in qld . 
  so , what ? 
  did you just not read the comment above at all ? 
  yeah , it 's definitely quite obviously telegraphed . 
  but there 's a huge difference between the sensation of a reveal whose signs you read , and a reveal where you were told how it would end . 
  sorry , but i 'm removing this post . 
  this subreddit is for sharing homebrew content that you 've made . 
  for game advice in 5e , i 'd recommend / r/dndnext instead . 
  i do n't even understand it , really . 
  it 's not that controversial . 
  i can count on one hand the number of people i 've seen even * suggest * ** not ** using feats . 
  despite the way the phb presents it , they 're clearly a basic part of the core game , and i think the only reason the phb presents it as optional is to emphasise 5e 's modularity and make it easier for first timers to play with only the most basic bare bones of the system . 
  the feats / u/sacredweapon mentions as integral are certainly extremely powerful ones that we see mentioned very frequently . 
  and while the weakness of actor and to a lesser extent athlete is debatable , i 've certainly * not * seen a lot of discussion about them , which would imply that they probably are comparatively less desired . 
  athlete , in particular , seems * extremely * niche . 
  so , what is it , exactly , that they 're being downvoted for ? 
  nothing 's controversial here , that i can see , and it 's all written in quite a tame and polite manner . 
  i can easily see fell handed being allowed for mace-wielders . 
  though personally , if i were to have a player ask for one of the weapon feats from [ ua feats ] ( https://media.wizards.com/2016/downloads/dnd/ua-feats-v1.pdf ) , i 'd tell them they do n't get the +1 to hit ( which seemed to be the consensus in the comments when that article was released , too ) . 
   now they 're charging because they can , because punters have been conditioned to accept it, 
  i do n't think it 's a surprise that this is happening so soon after the only competition -- the woolies that used to be right across the street -- closed its doors . 
  if they 'd done it earlier , people probably would have just gone there instead . 
  that 's not * necessarily * true . 
  if you start at 15 from point buy , and get a +2 from race , then the +1 you get at level 4 can be worthwhile . 
  alternatively , if you are on an even number , you can get the +1 from this , and then later take an asi and get +1 to put you over to the next even number , as well as putting +1 into a * different * stat that 's on an odd score to get it up to the next even number . 
  that does n't change the fact that it 's wrong . 
  not if you know you 're going to be taking a +1 feat , you wo n't . 
  no i have had it done . 
  i 've just lived overseas , so i 've mostly gotten it done here , where the glasses are much cheaper . 
  i only got my initial assessment done by an optometrist in aus . 
  oh , you know what , that is a bit of an oversight . 
  i guess we had always just assumed it was obvious . 
  will do , thanks . 
  it was originally a ballista , that 's true , but the meme has -- as memes are wont to do -- taken on a life of its own . 
  i think i see trebuchet just as often now as ballista ; maybe even more often . 
   wielding a longsword is actually easier ( alright , this is just objective but still ) than a rapier , because with a longsword you get to use two hands, 
  true , but d&d does actually represent this -- in its own way -- by allowing you to do more damage when you hold it in two hands . 
  in one hand , it 's equally as effective as a rapier , in the game ( and difficult to compare , in real life ) . 
   the point is that there are many logical fallacies in dnd so we have to remember it is just a game, 
  aside from the fact that i would warn against using the term `` logical fallacy '' ( which has a very particular meaning , and is n't equivalent to `` incorrect things '' ) , you 're absolutely right . 
  the game is very abstract . 
  but there 's usually a reasonable attempt to make things make sense with flavour , such that in my opinion , if one is going to change the rules , there 's a much higher burden of proof in terms of justifying the flavour than there was on the original creators of the game . 
  at the very least , there 's the burden of demonstrating that the flavour of this new thing makes more sense than the flavour of the original rules it is replacing . 
  anyway , i 've tried to think of a way to justify it , but unfortunately every idea i come up with that i really like , i later realise makes more sense as con than it does as str . 
  the best thing i can think of for str ( and i 'm not super happy with it , but it 's * kinda * okay , at least against melee opponents ) is something about some kind of minor physical restraint , like keeping their arms `` grappled '' , or * maybe * their weapon in a bind * just * enough to make it harder for them to hit you , but not hard enough to have any greater effect on them . 
  sorry , but i 'm removing this post . 
  this subreddit is for sharing stories from roleplaying games . 
  to help find a group , try asking in / r/lfg or / r/dndnext , instead .
