  i 'll definitely support the petition in the op , though . 
  does it require brave new world ? 
  it 's mentioned in the tags , but it does n't actually explicitly state that as a requirement in the description . 
  wait for civ v to go on sale , and pick up the gold edition . 
  that should get you the base game , a heap of minor expansions , and most importantly the gods & kings expansion . 
  you wo n't get brave new world , which is the second major expansion , and it seems as though bnw is required for op 's mod , but it 's still fairly expensive , even when on sale ( or at least , it was at the sale over christmas ) . 
  if you like the base game + g&k , then consider buying bnw later . 
  ooo that 's really handy . 
  does cheapshark just search a bunch of other game stores for the best prices ? 
  as i understand it , tough mudder already has at least one obstacle that you 're allowed to skip ( the electric one ) . 
  why not just have one more ? 
  i follow apple news via the macbreak weekly podcast . 
  plenty of talk about a tv , and a watch/other wearable device . 
  i 've never once heard anyone say anything about a gaming console . 
  seriously . 
  even most people who are fans of apple do n't want this . 
  yes , it is . 
  non-americans might do it to try and get into american unis or for compatibility with the american system , but the whole system is based in the us . 
   i want to change sensitive settings and will definitely notice boundaries . 
  i also hate that their products are most of the time only working with other apple products, 
  all of that works just as well on mac os x as it does on windows . 
  their ios devices might be more locked down than android -- indeed that 's part of the reason i choose to use android rather than ios myself -- but the same thing is * not * true on os x. 
  it 's easier to use out of the box , but it is also incredibly flexible and customisable if you want to . 
  actually it really * is * the * design * that they pay for . 
  the build quality on a macbook pro is far superior to any windows laptop i 've ever come across . 
  the touchpad is far superior , the media keys actually work exactly as expected , the case feels more robust . 
  add to that the comparatively high specs , and the keyboard backlight ( both things that are available on many windows laptops ) , and some really good programmes that are only available on os x ( from high end media stuff like final cut pro to really handy little tools like what smile software comes out with -- pdfpen pro and textexpander , in particular ) , and a macbook starts looking really appealing . 
  personally , though , i would n't buy a mac desktop , because you can get really powerful specs for much cheaper , and build quality is n't much of an issue . 
  i 've used a bunch of different computers , both laptops and desktops , running windows . 
  far too much of the time , if the keyboard has media buttons either on the f-row , or above it , those buttons do not work exactly how you would expect . 
  that is n't the case on a mac . 
  if you ca n't accept that the apple touchpad is better than that included on any other laptop , than i strongly suspect you have never * used * apple 's trackpad for any significant amount of time . 
  it 's lightyears ahead of anything else . 
  really smooth multi-touch gestures , a really large surface for dragging things around without having to lift your hand up too often -- made larger by the lack of a separate button : instead , the whole surface is a physical button . 
  the specs can easily be found on high-end windows laptops . 
  that 's why i said `` comparatively high '' . 
  the specs on an mbp are equivalent to a high-end windows laptop , i was n't implying that they have higher specs than could be found from other manufacturers . 
  apple chooses not to sell low-end computers , that 's all . 
  now , if you would like to actually debate some points , rather than resorting to ad hominem attacks and trying to discredit me for being a `` snake oil salesman '' , i 'll be happy to oblige . 
  otherwise , good day . 
  actually , you said i was the `` customer ambassador '' , which you followed up with the snake oil statement . 
  so either you are n't clear on your own points ( which to be honest makes sense , you come across as rather thick in general ) , or you changed your mind mid-comment ( which also would n't surprise me ) . 
  a offered to debate facts . 
  you refused , and instead continued to attack me personally . 
  at that point , attacking * you * is n't really going to make a difference . 
  oh what the fuck am i doing . 
  i should n't feed the trolls and i know it . 
  i 'm actually a very strong swimmer , and i 'd probably be fine with a 4 m drop , even in clothes . 
  my biggest worry would be running into other people -- i 'm not sure i could dive 4 m with heaps of people already in the water or near me on the platform . 
  the exact opposite , actually . 
  it 's aluminium , which means it conducts heat well . 
  put a fan on it and it 'll cool really quickly . 
  speaking as a macbook pro user , i buy android devices for tablets and smartphones because i prefer the google ecosystem . 
  i use gmail , google calendar , etc. 
  and it all works much more efficiently on android than it would on ios . 
  that , plus google now is just bloody fantastic . 
  what 's the proper method for someone who gets their question incorrectly auto-moderated ? 
  ah thanks . 
  it 's certainly something i 'd be interested in doing at some point . 
  [ request ] kim jong-un, 
  with regards to / r/ideasforaskreddit i think it would make sense to have a time limit for reposts of one or two days . 
  actually wallabies and kangaroos are * extremely * closely related in terms of classification , while chimpanzees and gorillas are a step less related . 
  both of the apes share a family and subfamily ( hominidae and homininae ) , but are separate genera -- * pan * for chimps , and * gorilla * for gorillas . 
  most kangaroos and wallabies are of the genus * macropus * ( although some wallabies are in the genera * petrogale * or * lagostrophus * ) . 
  the difference between the red-necked wallaby and the eastern grey kangaroo in terms of classification is the same as the difference between the eastern grey and the red kangaroo . 
  i 'm guessing your edit was from `` wallaby is a small kangaroo '' or words to that effect , to what it says now . 
  but do n't worry , you were actually somewhat more correct before . 
  most wallabies are in the same genus as kangaroos , meaning the difference between the red-necked wallaby and the eastern grey kangaroo in terms of classification is the same as the difference between the eastern grey and the red kangaroo . 
  that said , wallaby is a more general term , and there are some species of animal that we call `` wallaby '' that are in different genera . 
  can anyone do this ? 
  actually most security experts think that the nsa was previously able to obtain google data by tapping their connections -- i.e. , without google 's knowledge . 
  google has since started encrypting said connections . 
  in fact , it 's widely believed in security circles that the nsa had tapped the supposedly private connection they had between their different physical sites , without google 's knowledge . 
  as someone who * is * a photographer -- not a professional , but a pretty serious hobbyist -- do n't listen to the fanboys . 
  i 'm a nikon shooter , but by god some of the newer sony mirrorless cameras look bloody awesome . 
  is that the same/similar to the nikon d800 vs d800e ? 
   look it up on tvtropes, 
  warning . 
  do not take this advice if you have something to do in the next hour . 
   in this show, 
  more like `` in comics and comic-derived works '' . 
  with hover , try promo code twit , or twig , macbreak , or windows . 
  i 'm not sure if any of those will still work , since it 's been a while since i remember hearing their ads on a twit podcast , but it 's worth a shot . 
  edit : or use phillyd on hostgator.com . 
  this one definitely * does * work currently . 
  except he did n't do it as a joke . 
  another cool fact : the word factoid originally meant ( and , strictly speaking , still means ) `` an item of unreliable information that is reported and repeated so often that it becomes accepted as fact '' . 
  is she abby ? 
  because if so , i 'm glad i 'm not the only one that thought that . 
   0 being the middle , which is brisk, 
  wow . 
  where i am right now , 17 \u02da would be considered `` brisk '' . 
  0 is -- both literally and figuratively -- freezing . 
  neither , it 's harmonic convergence . 
  my economics teacher used to say you could put five economists in a room with a problem and they 'd come out with six different solutions . 
   most people do n't argue with physicists or biologists . 
  someone clearly has n't been arguing with religious fundamentalists . 
  but seriously , i get your point . 
  i think the important difference with this case is that you can usually find someone who * is * an economist to support the point you want to make , because there is a significant lack of consensus among economists relative to physicists or biologists ( even though there are some areas of both those fields with debate going on ) . 
  agree completely .
