  best of luck !, 
  does that include the nokia windows phones ? 
  along the same lines , what is your relationship with ( and what do you think of ) chris pirillo ? 
  i 've heard you mention him once or twice , but not much more than that . 
  how well did you know him , and what do you think of him now ? 
  very true there are arguments against his existence , but most historians now accept his existence . 
  i agreed with your assessment until you brought gates into it . 
  as has been said , he does n't work at ms anymore . 
  i get the same thing with my classical recordings . 
  some musical rights society or something always makes a claim . 
  luckily they do n't put ads or block the video anywhere ( not even in germany , which has happened to a few of my videos that * are * in violation ) . 
  i still always file a claim that it 's not in violation , and in these cases it has always been my experience that the copyright claim is always automatically removed , and i walk away happy ( if frustrated that i had to file ) . 
  the word 's tweet . 
  i would n't care , bit twit creates confusion with the this week in tech podcasts . 
  my understanding is that fear of, 
  getting caught is the * only * deterrent . 
  fear of an accident , of hurting those you love , etc. 
  does n't work , but an emphasis on the risk of getting caught is the only way to try and prevent drunk driving . 
  driving while texting is always voluntary , and while i realise there are many other things that impact driving ( which are n't voluntary ) , that 's the first one that came to my mind , and people would be outraged if that resulted in these sorts of punishments . 
  i think . 
  i would definitely use latest ie over firefox , but i would n't use it over chrome . 
  technically 10/8 , at least most versions i 've seen . 
  same note values , though . 
  the last movement of the planets , neptune , is also 5/4 . 
  there 's also the sound issue : many people browse in places where watching something with audio would be difficult . 
  yeah me too . 
  it was terrible because of that . 
  doubt that 's what he means by older for his test . 
  what exactly is compact qwerty ? 
  i finished it once on my ipod touch . 
  the ios version 's much easier than computer , i find . 
  oh wow , weird . 
  thanks . 
  i think i would 've preferred that to the shake keyboard though !, 
  that does n't mean you ( i 'm assuming : a genuine sorry if i 'm wrong ) and all the others get to downvote his comments . 
  it contributes to the conversation , whether you agree with it or not . 
  no , i 'm upvoting him because he did n't deserve to be downvoted in the first place . 
  i actually do n't like itunes very much at all . 
  people need to read reddiquette . 
  i feel the same about itunes on mac , although at least it is n't as annoying with updates . 
  no serious problems , it 's just heavier and slower than i 'd like . 
  i 've never bought anything from it , though , apart from a couple of paid apps , a heap of free ones , and podcasts . 
  i also am annoyed that if i have vlc open playing something , and itunes closed , and i press the pause button on the keyboard ( one of the function keys ) , it opens itunes and starts playing , in addition to what i want -- pausing vlc . 
  and some of us are only two years older than her . 
  some are even less , probably . 
  she should go to the libary and look it up . 
  should n't that be english , canadian enlish , australian english , and american english ? 
  kidding , edit : but not really . 
  i find myself saying ja more often than yeah or yes . 
  although in my mind a picture the word as ya . 
  edit : also sometimes que and quoi, 
  and if they have a proper bow , as opposed to those stupid mechanical things . 
  touch screen device in every room , including bathrooms . 
  on a rod that pivots over the toilet . 
  living in vietnam it 's not safe to drink . 
  before , in korea it was n't great to drink , but ok by comparison . 
  where i 'm from , brisbane australia it 's safe and i would never buy bottled water . 
  i ca n't stand it straight put of the tap though , it has to be put in a fridge first . 
  i 'd poke that girl . 
  so you think all schools should be run by private institutions with the aim of making money from them ? 
  that children from less well-off families should then not be able to get education ? 
  that 's not even starting on the benefits of a consistent curriculum . 
  so you think all schools should be run by private institutions with the aim of making money from them ? 
  that children from less well-off families should then not be able to get education ? 
  that 's not even starting on the benefits of a consistent curriculum . 
  you know your parents more than anyone else here . 
  before anything else , how do you think your parents would react to it , and would you be ok with that reaction ? 
  i have nothing to say about her music or her behaviour , but i will say that she is by far the ugliest famous person i 've ever seen , and probably the ugliest person in general . 
  this so much . 
  tattoos might be cool in your 20s and 30s , but there 's a good chance you 'll come to regret it as you get older . 
  make damn sure you definitely are ok with it first . 
  eh , i do n't like the chances of that . 
  at schools i 've been to parents are told about ( and have to sign off on ) clubs their kids do . 
  his may not go that far , but i bet if his parents ring to ask they 'll tell . 
  also , their bound to wonder where he is , and some lie is n't likely to work in the long run . 
  it 's fine if he 's able to keep the secret , but that 's a very tough thing to do . 
  it was on film , which can be converted to large digital images quite easily , because of how film works . 
  sorry i do n't know more than that . 
  it 's not very good , but dawkins vs. the head of the church in australia on the show q&a . 
  wow thanks for the better explanation . 
  i hope the guy i responded to sees this . 
  afaik do n't be evil was never their official motto . 
  it 's simple then , children should n't be allowed on planes with a guardian !, 
  i 'm a bit out of touch with most popular music , so forgive me , but i 've actually never heard of you before . 
  my question is this : what training as a musician do you have , and what experience with different genres ? 
  homeopathic, 
  why are you having to repeat yourself ? 
  i never did with my ee , and i had to cut down my words to meet the word limit . 
  edit : perhaps you need more research , or a slightly broader topic ? 
  i also would like to know . 
  edit : redacted to avoid spoiling the survey . 
   if a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music . 
  sorry i ca n't help you then . 
  i agree , under that age ( i 'd be tempted to say 13 , but the precise amount is n't too important ) the airline should provide a guardian ( for a price ) , or the child can not fly alone . 
  edit : i should point out my comment did actually say the ca n't go * with * a guardian , in response ( jokingly ) to the post above mine saying most incidents are caused by guardians . 
  haha indeed , the entire debate is rather pointless . 
  i , for one , do n't really worry about the risk of a child being molested on a plane . 
  i just ca n't see it happening . 
  i suppose so ... 
  could you explain it for poor slow me ?
