  others have already corrected your main points , but i just want to slightly nitpick . 
  powerpc processors were never at any point in a macbook . 
  they rebranded their lower-end laptops `` macbook '' as part of the transition to x86 processors . 
  the older laptops were known as ibooks . 
  ( the macbook pro replaced the powerbook . ), 
   the way that apple dumped ibm and motorola was intended to destroy their business, 
  what ? 
  god no . 
  what possible incentive could they have had to do that ? 
  they did it because it was the best choice * for them * . 
  any possible impact it could have had on ibm or motorola was entirely incidental . 
   it 's all a bit rich to sign a contract where apple give you nearly half a billion in funds , then not deliver the goods in return, 
  i would n't say it 's `` a bit rich '' to not deliver the goods if they were * trying * to deliver them . 
  what 's rich is to fail at it ( for whatever reason , even if it was unavoidable ) and then blame apple . 
  i * think * it 's an account setting , so if you 've set it on the desktop and you 're using the same account on your phone , it should work . 
  i could be wrong , though . 
  the way to check ( if you 're just using the browser ) , would be that it should say https when you 're at a reddit page . 
  for entering shortcuts , using the same hand is probably better . 
  but in touch typing , if you 're not using the opposite shift key to the hand that presses the letter , you 're doing it wrong . 
  since you 're submitting this online , you really should have included usa , canada , and australia in the default country options . 
  it 'd make things much easier for you . 
  i 'm subscribed to a fair few channels that produce a lot of content i 'm not interested in , but have one recurring show that i do like . 
  since the cost of subscribing is merely having a couple of extra videos in my stream that i ignore , it seems worth it to subscribe and ignore the other videos , rather than risk missing out on the content i * do * want . 
  ( i 'm not the same person as you were talking to , but i do have 100 subscriptions on youtube . ), 
  ooo i 'd like an invite if you still have some . 
  i listen with earphones in and i ca n't say i 've ever had a problem with it . 
  possible that listening at 2x speed helps ? 
  it was a good survey , otherwise . 
  i actually wrote that up immediately after getting to that question , and held off submitting it until i had completed the survey , in case i had other problems with it . 
  i hope you can share the results of this survey with us when you 're done analysing them !, 
  holy shit 44 points . 
  where 'd you drop one ? 
  really ? 
  because during the last steam sale it * really * felt like that card bullshit was being shoved down my throat . 
  it 's a bit clumsy , but failing a better solution you could get an android emulator running on your computer . 
  how do you go about making your own ? 
  i see [ at least 4 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7yrzza6.png ) that are inland . 
  but i agree , it 's very curious . 
  i also wonder what they are . 
  hey man , you do n't have to be australian to follow afl . 
  there are literally * dozens * of people . 
  * dozens * . 
  i , too , love the fact that my country has strict gun laws . 
  ( though they are no where near as strict as gun-nuts like to make out . ), 
  but recommending that people simply up and move country is unreasonable . 
  it 's financially extremely difficult for most people , and can be difficult for so many other reasons . 
  not the least of which is the need to leave your extended family and friends behind . 
  bringing up this mention as a passive-aggressive way to push anti-gun ideals ( again , ideals that i ** wholeheartedly ** agree with ) is rude , and it 's never going to convince anyone that guns should be reasonably restricted . 
  in fact , the opposite is true , it 's going to antagonise moderates , and push them into being defensive and siding more with the gun-nuts . 
  [ holy shit , you were n't kidding about the wide range of prices ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t18nfzv.png ) . 
  umm ... the book of vile darkness is mostly just about evil stuff . 
  not kinky or pervy stuff , just evil . 
  perhaps you 're confusing it with the book of erotic fantasy ? 
  i did n't realise it until i read your comment ... 
   i though it would be fun ... was i ever wrong, 
   we were all laughing the whole time, 
  sounds like you were n't wrong , to me . 
  gun nuts merely refers to people like the nra representative in the john oliver sketch about australian gun laws . 
  extremists who advocate for things like open carrying and are against basically any restrictions . 
  chances are you are n't in that category , and so i was n't referring to you . 
  and if you are , then you were already beyond seeing reason anyway , so i do n't particularly care . 
  someone in my year got 42 . 
  dropped 1 point in korean ( his native language ) , and 2 points from the tok/ee matrix . 
  he was also the typical korean hard worker , studying directly for the test and really not interested in actual deeper learning , which explains his low tok and ee results . 
  someone else got 43 , i think . 
  dunno how her score broke down . 
  to be honest i do n't believe guns should be allowed open or concealed carry , and self defence should certainly never be a legal reason to own one . 
  but i would n't call someone who disagrees with that a gun nut . 
  open carry , though , is a deliberate attempt to intimidate others in the area , and should absolutely be outlawed , and anybody who disagrees with that sentiment , i would consider among the worst of gun nuts -- pending further explanation of their viewpoint . 
  but i did n't bother explaining what i meant by the term previously , because it was only directed at someone who is already anti-gun , and was n't aimed at anyone on the other side of the fence at all . 
  to me , italics provide a sort of natural emphasis , whereas bold is more akin to shouting . 
  it 's a much stronger sort of emphasis . 
  you can use semicolons to surround strings in python ? 
  please , then , tell me why you do it . 
  hmm ... perhaps i 'm thinking of something different when i say open carry . 
  are you simply wearing it in a holster at your hip , like police usually do ? 
  i do n't have a particular problem with that , at least , no more than i do with concealed carry . 
  it 's the rifle situation that i was talking about . 
  anyone who can seriously consider that someone should be allowed to walk around the city with a rifle or shotgun strapped over their shoulder is absolutely not someone that i would consider is having a level-headed look at the situation . 
  your freedom from sleep at 3:00 am . 
  yeah , that seems the most likely explanation . 
  honestly , i suspect / u/tongme is correct , and it 's merely a graphical error . 
  it 's probably also worth noting that bovd is officially published by wizards . 
  boef is not . 
  hmm yeah , interesting . 
  i had thought of something like that , but figured it was way too tall to be practical . 
  having it on a separate table seems like it could actually be really useful in general . 
  it would keep the dm more connected with the players , as well , by removing the physical barrier between them . 
  i dunno , one could interpret `` area covered by the cross '' as `` area enclosed by the cross 's arms '' . 
  which would include that area , even though the cross is n't actually physically taking up that space . 
  he used to write for a conservative paper on the uk , i believe . 
  i think he actually does n't have any opinions , and just put a across whatever opinions will get the most attention . 
  if you put the exponent in brackets , it treats the text within the brackets as superscript , and not anything outside it . 
  x ^ ( 3 ) -3 x ^ ( 2 ) -24 x +17, 
  becomes, 
  x ^ ( 3 ) -3 x ^ ( 2 ) -24 x +17, 
  the other option would have been to use spaces , because it automatically terminates the supescript on a space . 
  x ^ 3 - 3x ^ 2 - 24x + 17, 
  x ^ 3 - 3x ^ 2 - 24x + 17, 
  this episode was incredible .
