  edit : or even better , hdi adjusted for inequality , also known as [ ihdi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi ) . 
  yeah , it 's honestly a difficult thing to deal with , but i do believe that it would be worth it in order to have a democracy that truly gets its power from the people . 
  an even more important step would be to get rid of the house of lords and replace it with an elected senate ( although even lords has its advantages ) . 
  personally , i do n't care all that much what britain does , i just want to get the queen out of my country ( australia ) . 
  honestly it was absolutely terrible . 
  after the plane crash , why the fuck is he so obsessed with taking id but not taking anything * useful * from all the dead people . 
  it 's supposed to be life or death , you do n't do stupid things like that . 
  and also the plot did n't make sense . 
  the worst bit , i thought , was after the crash when he refused to take useful things from the dead bodies , but insisted on wasting the effort getting id . 
  planet of the apes, 
  beneath the planet of the apes, 
  escape from the planet of the apes, 
  conquest of the planet of the apes, 
  battle for the planet of the apes, 
  there 's also `` dawn of the planet of the apes '' planned for may 2014 as part of the second run . 
  maybe that 's what you wanted , but what i wanted , and what jackson doubtless thought more people wanted , was a story of the hobbit with lots of juicy background stuff about how middle-earth went from a relatively tame place to what we see in lotr . 
  azog kinda feels to me like lurtz did in fellowship , although obviously a more fleshed-out character . 
  i do n't understand , why is it displaying how it is for him ? 
  yeah , the book works as a children 's book , and it 's really good at that . 
  as a movie , however , without padding things out it would be way too fast-paced . 
  that said , i thought some of the action scenes in the movie were a little longer than they needed to be , especially when they escape from the goblins . 
  anything from either the hobbit or the lord of the rings ( important : this includes the appendices ) is not allowed to be used . 
  the vast majority of what they 've got that is n't obviously a part of the hobbit comes from the appendices to lotr . 
  ca n't fly commercial planes , either , i do n't think . 
  is asked grey about this when the video first came out . 
  he admitted he simplified it to make it easier to understand , because * the majority * of supporters of one minor candidate will also support the same major candidate ( for example , green supporters will nearly all prefer labor over liberal ) . 
  i do wish he had made this clearer in the video , though . 
  interesting , but this is the uk . 
  i do n't know quite enough about your political parties to comment ( though i have tried to educate myself as much as possible so i can help an english friend of mine who is very uninformed ) . 
  it may be that the same is true in australia ( that green second preferences go to liberals/the coalition ) , but i very much doubt it . 
  ( side note , since all three parties i mentioned in my comment have clear links to british parties , the casual observer may think it unclear which country i was talking about . 
  however , a more careful observer would note i spelt labour wrong , without the u , which is for some reason the way the labor party in australia spells its name , despite going against the normal spelling conventions in australia . ), 
  just so long as you know your mac access control address . 
  very faithful to the book , apart from that random and unnecessary change at the end , which really spoiled it for me ... 
  i ca n't remember my opinion on that movie specifically , but i do remember that the second movie was by far the worst , including the last . 
  the first and third were absolutely fucking amazing , though . 
  i only wish i 'd seen the first one without knowing how it ends ... 
  i 'm probably preaching to the choir here , but why not just increase the cost of vehicle registration ( i.e. , * all * vehicles ) , or increase the current petrol tax , or any other method that does n't discourage the buying of a more efficient vehicle as compared to a less efficient one . 
  i believe ( not a car owner ) that this is what australia does , too . 
  this is what i was referring to by `` vehicle registration '' , but i do n't know if the terminology i 've used is correct . 
  someone else mentioned that the problem with this is that you might own a car but very rarely use it . 
  dude needs a serious chill pill . 
  that last scene really got me , too , although it screamed of lord of the rings . 
  looking back , there 's a hell of a lot that makes the inheritance cycle seem like a cheap knock-off of lotr . 
  aside from the obvious similarities with eragon & aragorn , the language seems tolkienesque but without so much depth and history behind the languages , and a few other thematic similarities . 
  that 's not to say it 's not a * good * series , i really enjoyed it , but it just seemed nowhere near as good as tolkien . 
  wtf is shift-search function ? 
  you mean command/ctrl - f ? 
  yeah , 99 % of the time it is , but i think it * is * fair in this case because there are just so many parallels that i 'm sure ca n't be coincidences . 
  for me , i 'm really glad we never got a sequel to eragon , because the first movie there was just so terrible . 
  i feel the same way about m knight shyamallamabauueouao 's avatar movie . 
  a lesser known one is the tomorrow series . 
  an amazing australian book series , and the first one ( tomorrow , when the war began ) was made into a movie , but it was just terrible and no more were made . 
  not a book , but the tv series avatar . 
  there is no movie in ba sing se . 
  not sure you know the meaning of irony . 
  geez mate , give me a moment !, 
  my answer 's [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/15w9ol/what_terrible_movies_are_you_glad_never_got_a/c7qdftc ), 
  i just saw [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/15vxac/what_movie_deserves_a_sequel_that_never_got_one/ ) ( currently the very topmost in / r/askreddit ) and it made me interested in this question . 
  yeah , i 've just read up on it , apparently there is indeed some speculation that there may be a sequel . 
  god i hope there is n't , but if there is i 'll pirate a copy ( no way in hell i 'm giving that shit money ... ) and see it . 
  i would agree , for everyone 's sake ( theirs because they wo n't enjoy it , yours because it saves money , everyone else 's because travelling near really young people is a pain ) do n't travel with kids under 6 if at all possible . 
  but after that , it 's an amazing experience and i strongly recommend it !, 
  my sister and i first went overseas at 7 and 10 , respectively , and we lived overseas from that point -- going on regular holidays to other countries and back home . 
  my sister and parents still live overseas , but i 've just moved back home for uni and honestly it was an amazing experience that i 'm glad to have had . 
  my biology teacher once said giving birth is similar to if a man squeezed a golfball out his penis . 
  granted , one is * designed * to be stretched , and the other is n't , so it 's not quite a fair analogy , but it 's still scary to think of . 
  i do n't know whether to upvote you because you seem an incredibly nice person , or not touch the votes because the way you worded that comment just felt wrong . 
  `` that 'll do donkey '' would have been better . 
  and the second is only 6, 
  heard the first note of the second extract and was like `` please be le sacre , please be le sacre , it 's le sacre ! '', 
  out of interest , could you explain ( at some point , after you 've stopped receiving results ) what exactly you were looking to find out , and then after you 've analysed results could we see them ? 
  this sounds like an awesome idea . 
  when it 's done will you be putting it in the app store for public use ? 
  any plans for an android version at some point ? 
  op already told you this is wrong , but i 'll explain why i thought it was wrong anyway . 
  the two recordings of each piece had different interpretations , and so how people answer their preferred version will vary based on how they weight the importance of audio fidelity vs. the differences in interpretation in each case . 
  if someone really does n't care about quality they will answer based on purely which interpretation they prefer . 
  someone like me might have a balance of the two , preferring audio quality of one but interpretation of the other and answering base on which has a larger overall advantage . 
  wanting results too !, 
  but yeah as others have said , there 's probably enough interest here that you should post directly to the subreddit in addition to pming everyone . 
  my problem with this guess is that people will also answer their preferred version taking into account not only technicals of the audio but also the interpretations , which were fairly significantly different . 
  i 'm late to the thread , but are you starting semester 1 , 2013 ? 
  that 's when i start at ih . 
  yeah this is my biggest gripe . 
  moving into ih in a little over a month and i 'm seriously bugged that all we get is 5 gb a month ... 
  wait what 's this ? 
  what is dc , how do you use it , and how can you get pirated stuff without having to torrent ? 
  ( i 'll be moving into ih next month . ), 
  just so you know , the idea that our sun is officially named sol is a myth . 
  at least according to askscience a while ago . 
  no , it 's not . 
  he repeated more or less the same point for ages , a point that everyone already knows about google : their customer support is shit . 
  it did n't even attempt to actually refute the idea of progressiveness that it claimed to prove wrong . 
  except i 've heard they 've bad support even for paid services . 
  and for products bought through google play . 
   what this bureaucrat says is law , you should have paid him off better, 
  ah , so that 's what they meant by the vietnamese model . 
  right . 
  repeating the same point from a number of different ways .
