  although a huge fan of the movies , books , and music myself , some of these i did n't even instantly recognise . 
  ^ ( i plan on going october 2013 when they do the second film ) . 
  shore has also created a [ concert piece ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mffquhwaa_k ) out of it , good enough to stand on its own as a fantastic piece of programmatic music . 
  zimmer is hugely popular , but i personally am not a big fan of his work , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  no worries ( edit : because there 's no reason you should have heard of it ) . 
  it stands for international baccalaureate . 
  it 's a high school diploma . 
  because it 's not endorsed specifically by any country ( like aps are in america , a-levels in the uk , and other countries ' national curricula ) , it has to make itself * incredibly * hard compared to these in order to be taken seriously . 
  apart from that , though , it is a very good course . 
  both well-rounded and highly in-depth . 
  edit2 : it 's mostly taught at international schools ( although some of these will teach the american , uk , or other systems either instead of or in addition to ib ) , but some non-international schools do offer it . 
  damn ... i should be paid for this . 
  he did know them , but previously in order to get their music would have to simple google ( or youtube ) their names . 
  he did n't know any specific works of theirs by name . 
  at least , that 's what i took away from the original post . 
  he did know them , but previously in order to get their music would have to simple google ( or youtube ) their names . 
  he did n't know any specific works of theirs by name . 
  at least , that 's what i took away from the original post . 
  definitely agree with copland , but perhaps gershwin was too much jazz , and not enough `` western art '' for the op ? 
  bernstein , to my knowledge , is more known for his conducting and teaching than his compositions , so perhaps op did n't want to muddy the waters ? 
  yeah , i know it does , but i ( like , i think , most people ) find it incredibly irritating . 
  i know there are people who love him for it , and probably some who like him in spite of it , but for me his playing just is n't good enough to make myself listen to that horrible humming . 
  that may be it , but i feel there 's something more to it . 
  i 've played an instrument since i was 6 , but actually until i was about 16 i never really * loved * playing . 
  i got my love for listening to classical music at 14 , but then it never lead to me loving performing until much later . 
  personally , i do n't notice many things like variations in vibrato , at least not at a conscious level . 
  i definitely notice things like tempo and the balance of the orchestra , but i only sometimes notice the most extreme variances in timbre ( way too much buzz on a brass instrument , or too much vibrato on a string instrument , for example ) . 
  haha yeah , i just do n't want anyone else getting thrown off by it . 
  on the other hand , the prelude to * tristan und isolde * is pretty awesome , 
  you bet i will . 
  i 'm a fairly outspoken person with my beliefs . 
  problem is that i do n't currently know many people who are liberal voters that are n't * really serious * liberals . 
  but thanks !, 
  i 'll certainly be doing anything i can . 
  i can definitely see that . 
  my question would be , what about something like the lord of the rings symphony ? 
  it 's an artistic work ( even if you do n't classify it as `` art music '' per se ) that can tabs on its own as much as beethoven 's 6th can . 
  edit : can * stand * on its own . 
  ah , that answers my question , but you misunderstand me . 
  the political compass breaks policies into two axes , one having left and right wing economic issues , the other ( the y axis ) going from authoritarian to libertarian on social issues . 
  as right wing parties tend to be further towards authoritarian ( which is further up the graph ) , i thought this may have been what you were referencing . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  except for drinking water , which is necessary to the survival of the species . 
  i never had swim tests at any pool or beach . 
  is that common in america ? 
  ( sorry if you 're not from the us , i 'm just assuming that as most of reddit is . 
  if you 're not , then is that common in where you * are * from ? ), 
  what 's the south park definition ? 
  you know , of you do n't agree with their policies you can always change to democrats or an independent . 
  hey , sorry for the late follow-up , but i was without internet for a few days and thus unable to troubleshoot my problems with the programme . 
  unfortunately , after burning it to a dvd and booting off of it , at the first screen ( when it says press any key to move on or esc to cancel ) it gets stuck . 
  no matter what i press nothing happens . 
  oddly , i tried it on my windows desktop and it worked fine . 
  i 've decided just to take it in and get an expert to do it for me , but thanks a heap for all your help with this . 
  yeah , in australia too ( at least for some of the school year ) , from a very young age . 
  but that 's not what i think vist was talking about . 
  he seemed to say you had to pass a special test in order to be allowed to swim at the beach/pool if you were under a certain age , or something like that . 
  charmlikeagypsy is referring to the fact that corey was crushed , rather than hanged , and not the statement about his last words . 
  he was not found guilty of being a witch , because he was never put to trail , on account of not making a plea of either guilty or not guilty . 
  the punishment for this , apparently , was being crushed by rocks . 
  i think that ( which was famously parodied by monty python ) was an older practise from the witch trials in britain ( and maybe europe ) , but was n't carried over into the states . 
  at least , i 've never heard of this practise coming from america . 
  please let this be true . 
  have you got a source ? 
  i do n't know who 's correct , but thirdfloorgreg 's comment , if it is correct , does mean earth is egg-shaped . 
  as far as i can tell , the thing with columbus is the same stupidity that has people claiming james cook discovered australia . 
  does n't make any sense to me , either . 
  ah ok , thanks for the info . 
  yeah i agree about gershwin , i understand it , but i still love his non-song works , and he 's a great composer . 
  haha definitely . 
  even in the past century , we 've gone from homosexuals being imprisoned to being allowed to marry in many places . 
  yeah , go for the advanced setup , or custom game , or whatever it is they call it . 
  you control everything , size , climate , number of civs , number of city-states , which leaders the civs have ( if you want , or even choose some and leave others random ) , landmass type ( continent , islands , etc. ) . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  ah thanks !, 
  i figure i 'm wrong a lot , but i usually write practise just because i know it 's got ta be right sometimes , and when i 'm wrong i ca n't have it blamed on american english . 
  but your tip for remembering it is amazing !, 
  i doubt i 'll make the mistake again . 
  unless there are exceptions to the practice noun , practise verb , rule . 
  are there any ? 
  ( somehow i feel there are ... ), 
  i have n't seen his comment ( edit : because it was deleted ) , but even if it were a 1 in 100,000 chance , surely that 's still a pretty massive number of planets within a single milky-way -- sized galaxy ? 
  except , if karma is anything to go by , in this instance . 
  ditto , although i do it without a blowup doll \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  you sound like you 'd be in the bottom right quadrant on the political compass . 
  http://politicalcompass.org is the link , i think . 
  i 'm on mobile so it 's hard to check . 
  you should try it out . 
  the reason that the parties are n't organised how you suggest is simple : the majority of people fit into the top right or bottom left quadrants , and if they 're in others their usually only moderately so . 
  not everyone , of course , but most . 
  i fit round about the centre of the bottom left quadrant . 
  still , i can see why it would be a problem for you . 
  that 's why i suggested independent , is n't their at least one candidate that supports your views ? 
  ( i honesty do n't know . ), 
  then again , voting independent in the us is basically a wasted vote . 
  you guys really need preferential voting . 
  / overly long comment, 
  edit : it 's worth noting that obama is , according to his actions , barely different from romney . 
  although his words may place him elsewhere , his actions are not actually very different . 
  whether that 's because he is actually hypocritical or , ( as i believe ) a fault of the american political system , is up for debate -- a debate i do n't feel like having .
