  more well-educated people will be able to work more difficult , technical jobs , and will benefit the economy more . 
  healthy people spend less time off work , and work more efficiently while they 're there , leaving the same effect . 
  unemployment benefits are a bit more complicated , but they help people who have lost their jobs to survive while they look for another job , in particular one that is at or near to their level of qualification , rather than , for example , someone with a masters having to work at maccas . 
  yeah , i did n't notice until about halfway through i read the description . 
  that 's absolutely stunning . 
  clearly not a straight export out of sibelius , 
  hope you noticed the second half to it ( and the rest of the channel !, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  how much 20th century music have you been exposed to before ? 
  i know my first time with stravinsky was really off putting , but now he 's among my favourite composers . 
  and for those that do n't . 
  think of it like australia 's maple syrup . 
  podcasts and/or audiobooks are one solution . 
  if you 've got an android smartphone and live in a fairly populated area , getting in to the game ingress is another great option . 
  it 's location based , so you have to do a lot of walking around or cycling to play . 
  i love you . 
  please stay . 
  ( though would be nice if you 'd just stick to aest rather than going to that pesky daylight saving :p ), 
  honestly , i was really confused what op was talking about with double standards ... 
  i thought it was just because it 's 4:30 am and i have no clue what 's going on . 
  turns out it 's just because op got it wrong . 
  for someone outside the us , your separation of maths in that way is highly unusual . 
  it is normal in other places to just teach a single `` maths '' course which encompasses all ( or most ) of the areas of maths that are covered . 
  not that it matters to me , maths was n't my answer to that question . 
  i did find it strange that you did n't mention the arts ( music , visual art , drama , etc. ), 
  at all . 
  i just filled out `` other '' . 
  by the way , what did you mean by `` english : humanities '' ? 
  to me , humanities is another name for social sciences , that is , history , geography , economics , and psychology , as well as a few others . 
  edit : by the way , good job on specifying `` european '' classical music ( so as to be clear it 's not other classical traditions such as hindustani ) , although `` western '' is a better term , since american composers ( copland , for example ) are also covered by this term . 
  i 'm fairly sure my dad does n't normally wear his wedding ring . 
  i do n't think it 's that uncommon . 
  i agree about the rest of it being fishy , though . 
  i just do n't particularly mind since it 's such a cute image and the watermark did n't spoil it to much . 
  haha really ? 
  that 's brilliant . 
  i 'm on mobile at the moment , but is that llamas with hats in german ? 
  because that shit is bound to be awesome . 
  definitely gon na watch it later , and i do n't even speak german . 
  ah yes , it would seem you 're right . 
  social sciences are a subset of humanities , according to [ the wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humanities ) . 
  i 'm not a big fan of most vocal music , so i feel it would be unfair for me to judge whitacre 's music , since most of it is vocal . 
  however , i played october in a concert band once , and absolutely loved it !, 
  did it used to just say `` 1 solar mass '' ? 
  could n't it do a conversion ? 
  `` one solar mass in kg '' ? 
   i do n't think this is a valid comparison . 
  i 'd argue that there is n't any net societal benefit to breaking and entering , murder or theft . 
  there are significant potential benefits to private ownership of weapons . 
  even if outlawing all modern firearms reduces the amount of crime that is committed with the use of firearms , it comes at the expense of eliminating all defensive use of firearms amongst the public . 
  i believe that the defensive use of guns prevents more crimes than the presence of guns `` incidental or crime of passion '' deaths causes . 
  none of this comes close to a reasoned argument , and presents itself as nothing more than the whinging of someone blindly against gun control . 
   beyond this , given point 1 , most gun rights advocates argue that many criminals will be armed with firearms even if they are outlawed . 
  in a situation like that , you will be even at even more of a disadvantage if you are not armed yourself . 
  it 's not that much more reasonable to assume an attacker does not have a firearm in a world where citizens can not legally own guns than in a world where they can . 
  this does n't address the point it 's referencing . 
  op is saying that because the criminal would have their gun out already , the defender would have to move to get their gun . 
  the criminal would shoot them before this is possible . 
  i 'm curious as to your stances on a few areas :, 
  * government funded education, 
  * '' '' '' '' healthcare, 
  * '' '' '' '' infrastructure ( roads , bridges , tunnels etc. ), 
  * police forces ( and by extension , the criminal legal system ), 
  i would assume you 're against government action in order to bring consumption/production to the social optimum ( per the economic concepts of externalities ) , which is a fundamental flaw i see in your argument , but it 's very much a philosophical one that i know i 'll never convince you to change . 
  for that reason , i 'm not going to argue about that kind of thing , although it 's kind of crucial to the arguments in favour of many of the things i listed above , as well as many other things that i 'm not going to ask you about . 
   it would be like no true scotsman if there were no set definition of `` libertarian '' . 
  given that there is, 
  please state it . 
  i would strongly disagree that there is one set definition of libertarianism , given that you have people ranging from social libertarians to anarcho-capitalists all claiming to be libertarian . 
  i agree that you ca n't in any way call despotic african regime `` libertarian '' , however i agree with / u/vermicin that no libertarian countries exist because it is fundamentally a flawed philosophy that could never succeed . 
  and sure correlation does n't equal causation , but you can not simply state this every time anyone notices any correlation . 
  i see this argument made all the time , and it is just as fallacious as the opposite argument . 
  vermicin 's link is not particularly convincing , but assuming that his claim is accurate , i would be inclined to trust it enough to draw a very broad conclusion ( but nothing specific ) that good progressive taxation can lead to happier citizens . 
  this despite the poor quality of happiness measurements . 
  not that much harder . 
  could use the front touchpanel for those ones . 
  use the back touch panel for l/r 2 , and the front one for l/r 3 ( i.e. , pressing the left and right analogue sticks ) . 
  does n't seem too complicated , though the lack of tactile feedback would make it somewhat less natural . 
   but you have to order every single party on the ballot, 
  every single * candidate * on the ballot . 
  there are many more than one candidate per party , at least from the larger parties . 
  wait , so time warner own happy with a swing rhythm , does that mean if i were to sing happy birthday with a dotted quaver rhythm , it 'd be fair game ? 
  / joke, 
  but seriously , does that mean if you do n't repeat the notes at all ( instead of `` hap-py '' on two notes , it 's just a single wordless note ) , you 're in the clear ? 
  the united states * does n't * have defined political parties . 
  your constitution does not recognise parties as an official part of the political system . 
  they simply naturally form by people with similar beliefs grouping together . 
  there is no way for you to get rid of parties . 
  the best you could hope for would be the introduction of some preferential voting system , so minor parties and independents can gain more of a voice than they do now . 
   this , of course , falls under the jurisdiction of the state , not the federal government, 
  bringing state vs federal into this is completely irrelevant and off topic . 
  as someone outside america , i completely do not understand why people argue in favour of more `` state 's rights '' . 
  it does nothing but bring further bureaucracy into things , whilst creating laws that can create unnecessary confusion when people move between states . 
  why is it that you are so against abortions in general , and yet then you say it 's okay if it 's made a state issue ? 
  this seems a completely incoherent argument . 
   it 's fallacious to say `` this society is libertarian and it failed ! '', 
  to a minarchist when it was only libertarian according to a libertarian socialist, 
  here you bring out the no true scotsman that you were so carefully trying to avoid ,, 
  libertarian has many meanings . 
  if there has been a society that fits one of those definitions , and that society failed , it is ** not ** fallacious `` this society is libertarian and it failed '' , because that society * was * libertarian , and it * did * fail .
