  the backlit keyboard is amazing , and i ca n't believe it 's not more common on other ( non-gaming ) laptops . 
  battery life is great , do n't expect 8 hours or whatever it is apple 's claiming these days , but you 'll get far more than any equivalent windows computer . 
  the 15-inch ones have discrete graphics as well as intel hd , and switch seamlessly between the two to save battery life when possible , but also give power when needed . 
  if you 've been considering it , i think it 's a brilliant idea , they really are the best laptop you can get . 
  i disagree , i find it much more natural to reach to the analogue stick where it is , and i 'm glad that the d-pad is n't frequently used , because reaching to it is a bit of an awkward position to put your hand in . 
  like i said before , to each his own . 
  if you find one more comfortable , that 's great , and i 'm glad you enjoy your xbox . 
  i , and many other people , however , prefer the symmetrical layout of the playstation . 
  ( that said , i prefer a keyboard and mouse over either one of them any day , and do n't actually own an xbox or a ps3 . ), 
  they claim to have similar functionality , but it never works anywhere near as well as the apple trackpad . 
  and yes , they 're nowhere near as good as a mouse for gaming , but they 're useable . 
  i ca n't say the same for non-apple trackpads . 
  i have actually played a few games the whole way through on it , namely portal 1 and 2 , and assassin 's creed . 
  it 's no substitute for a good mouse , but it gets the job done when you 're on the road . 
  a lot of people are calling me out on that part of my previous comment . 
  that was really meant as an aside , my main point was that on a controller it could serve a useful purpose . 
  haha yup , it 's an n ^ 4, 
  i would 've gotten it sooner , but , well , you know ... i was lucky to even get it when i did . 
  about an hour after i ordered it , it was out of stock again . 
  edit : and yeah , i plan on joining whichever side is currently losing , just to make it more interesting . 
  i like the sound of `` resistance '' more , though , hahaha, 
  yeah , looks like a really simple photoshop . 
  seems more like it was just pasted over there with a `` screen '' blend mode . 
  edit : [ here 's one i made ] ( http://imgur.com/23ptcpe ) , took me about 5 minutes . 
  it 's not great , but that 's because the original omnitool was n't a very good one , and i did n't spend long looking for one . 
  the five minutes included that search . 
  [ here ] ( http://i625.photobucket.com/albums/tt336/najarati/masseffect/mass%20effect%20group%20commission/masseffect-omnitool1.jpg ) , and [ here ] ( http://relunctantrunner.webs.com/runningcert0108allisonnyc3.jpg ) , are the two images i used, 
  what was the reason for the change ? 
  i quite like the idea of an interchange limit , like they have in league . 
  i do n't know how well it would work for gridiron , though . 
  to be fair , lbw is a hell of a lot more complicated than just the ball hitting his leg . 
  worldwide union is by far the most common , and it 's what 's played in the rugby world cup . 
  league is more popular in australia , and really the only other countries that play at all are nz , south africa , and england . 
  i 'm sure other countries do have teams , but it 's tiny outside of the countries mentioned . 
  the top of this thread mentioned rugby * league * which is honestly almost as different from union ( what 's normally called `` rugby '' ) as union is from american football . 
  in league , when the ball goes out , it starts with a scrum from the point the ball went out ( unless it went out on the full , in which case it 's from where it was kicked ) . 
  this actually makes it a lot more similar to american football , as well as a number of other things mentioned in this thread . 
   ca n't speak for league , i do n't watch it since it stops far more than union but rugby union rarely stops, 
  lol , yes this is what the rules would imply , but the way it 's actually played , it 's not the case . 
  rugby union stops * all the bloody time * . 
  you ca n't go 5 minutes without hearing the ref 's whistle . 
  that , combined with the huge amount of kicking , is why i prefer league . 
  honestly , league does n't really stop that much . 
  you get tackled , and immediately get up and play the ball , it 's incredibly fluid and fast-paced . 
   not either of the iterations of football , nothing, 
  not * any * of the iterations of football . 
  american football , soccer , aussie rules , gaelic football , and heck , even the two rugby codes are all iterations of football . 
  your point is correct , though . 
  any sport seeing a regular death rate is not going to be accepted it today 's developed world . 
  even if it were 1 or 2 per year on a regular basis , that would not be acceptable today . 
  eh , real men play whatever they like . 
  except soccer , that shit 's for pussies . 
  rugby union , league , american football , it 's all cool . 
  i tried to google `` squibbledobble in cricket '' ( without the quotes ) . 
  it turned up no results . 
  yay for not timeshifting live events . 
  seriously america , that was some fucked up shit with the olympics . 
  when you used it , did the trackpad have a physical button at the bottom , or was it a single large trackpad/button combo ? 
  if the former , then your experience was hugely different to what it would be today . 
  if the latter , than fair enough , everyone 's entitled to a differing opinion . 
  oh , definitely . 
  i was only using hyperbole when i said league is almost more similar to gridiron . 
  i just googled `` running '' . 
  i first tried `` person '' but most of them were portraits , without the arms showing , so running was the next thing that popped into my mind . 
  edit : and [ this ] ( http://relunctantrunner.webs.com/taichirunning.htm ) is the site that the picture comes from . 
  for path\u00e9tique , the 1st movement is by far the least relaxing . 
  i dunno , the second movement is fairly relaxing . 
  a rose between two thorns . 
  what you 've said makes sense . 
  there are ongoing costs associated with the game . 
  why , then , can they not simply charge a subscription fee ? 
  what nirnroot disagrees with ( and i concur ) is the double charging both for the original game , and the ongoing subscription . 
  pick one . 
  in this case a subscription would probably be the better choice . 
  look at microsoft office or adobe creative suite . 
  both are now available as a subscription service . 
  the consumer pays a regular fee , and as long as they continue to pay it , they get to use the software . 
  there 's no upfront charge . 
  both also have the option to buy the software outright . 
  you pay a large amount once , and can continue to use that software into eternity . 
  there is no ongoing cost . 
  neither ms nor adobe make you pay upfront * and * pay a subscription , because that is unethical double-dipping . 
  how does your tv work when the power 's out . . ? 
  can someone clarify the carbon tax and the liberal party 's direct action policies for me ? 
  i 've read in a few places that the plan with the carbon tax is to change it to an emissions trading scheme eventually , but i do n't think i 've ever actually seen a politician stating this , when it seems to me as though it should be something labor would bring up every time the libs start criticising it . 
  is this true , or is it a tax that they plan to leave as a tax ? 
  direct action , i ca n't say i really understand at all . 
  do you know of any official source where a labor party member states that fact ? 
  a video of them speaking would be ideal , but an official policy page or something similar is cool , too . 
  cheers, 
  haha i did n't actually look at the site itself ( did an image search , did n't bother clicking through to check the site ) , but i just look at it now , and fuck that seems like some weird shit ... 
  awesome !, 
  thanks for the detailed response !, 
  just a quick follow-up , are there any significant differences between the current clean energy bill 2011 and rudd 's proposed cprs ? 
  i thought the creepiest was the birth certificate of someone who lived down the road and is now dead . 
  even better , does anyone know what the time is utc . 
  i think we can all convert to our own timezones from there , but i have n't got a clue what timezone it 's in , and if you were to tell me the timezone as `` pacific time '' or `` mountain time '' or whatever other american named time zone it is , that means absolutely nothing to me . 
  need times in utc , or at the very least in the form `` utc \u00b1 x '' . 
  gmt and utc are the same thing . 
  oh , and i , also , am +10 !,
