  was n't me that brought up the cookies . 
  i prefer the word biscuit . 
  haha yeah , chuck vs. the podcast is great !, 
  listening to their theories while knowing what they got right and what they got wrong is really fun . 
  as is learning some behind the scenes stuff . 
  having only joined the show after it was finished , i did n't know anything about the writer 's strike or its cancellation worries . 
  on that note , / r/arrow is a good show , and season 3 has shaw as a major character . 
  stan 's a streaming website that competes with netflix in australia . 
  not sure if that 's what he 's talking about though , i do n't pay for stan so i just torrent community ... 
  well that sucks . 
  i guess hopefully they 'll get rid of those requirements in a future update ? 
  i wo n't be holding my breath though ... 
  this is true . 
  paladin smite spells like `` searing smite '' and `` branding smite '' begin with the phrase `` the next time you hit a creature with a melee weapon attack '' . 
  they also last for a specific duration and require concentration . 
  if you do n't land a hit before either the duration runs out or you lose concentration , you 've wasted it . 
  the person above was likely confusing this with the paladin 's `` divine smite '' class ability . 
  divine smites are applied to a specific weapon 's attack , but you get to decide to use it * after * you already know you 've hit . 
   when you hit a creature with a melee weapon attack , you can expend one paladin spell slot to deal radiant damage to the target , in addition to the weapon 's damage . 
   the unfortunate implication with making an alchemist sorcerer is that being a magical alchemist will be literally in their blood, 
  that was my initial thought , too . 
  i thought `` an alchemist bloodline ? 
  that makes no sense , terrible idea ! '', 
  but then i thought some more . 
  perhaps rather than being a `` bloodline '' per se , they managed to gain magical sorcerous powers through an alchemical experiment gone wrong . 
  kinda like the flash 's origin in some storylines . 
  apparently there were a number of times throughout the history of the show that it nearly looked like it would get cancelled . 
  hey i was looking at some of your pieces on shapeways , and i noticed that some have a message along the lines of :, 
   open this up in your own 3d program to separate the pieces before printing . 
  if i have no idea how to do this , what 's the best way to go about that ? 
  and on that note , what size are the things ? 
  is the base for a medium creature 1 inch ? 
  and if so , is there an easy way to shrink it down slightly to 2 cm , or would that cause too many other problems ? 
  oh ... i also thought it was a h\u00e6mophilia joke ... 
  [ the wikipedia article on the subject ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haemophilia_in_european_royalty ) seems to imply ( though it 's not exactly clear ) that only one * of the daughters * of the royals at the time of the revolution had h\u00e6mophilia . 
  others in the family had it , too , including alexei nikolaevich and his mother , alexandra feodorovna . 
  did you give them a map of the dungeon , or did they just happen to stumble across the line direct to the black spider ? 
   so , between those two , it 's sort of a coin flip as to which you feel would be more useful to you personally, 
  i would argue that the magic items , extra race options , extra class options , and traps make the dmg the better choice 8 times out of 10 . 
  the downtime activities and optional rules like the tactical maps details , siege weapons , poisons , the other healing & rest options , and firearms & alien tech take that to 9 out of 10 in my mind . 
  and all that 's assuming someone knows exactly how they want to run the campaign itself from a narrative point of view and does n't want to take the suggestions or ideas that they give you from a non-mechanical point of view . 
  definitely agree that the phb is the best option first up , and that pre-made adventures are good options that would in many ways negate the need for the mm or dmg . 
  but surely most of the time the name and gender field would be on the same page . 
  would n't users think it extremely bizarre if the gender field 's default setting was changing as they entered their name on the field directly above it ? 
  hey , i 'm just wondering where you got the art from . 
  did you do those yourself ? 
  because they look a heap like the official artwork from the books , but i do n't recognise them . 
  seriously guys that 's not funny . 
  the people in nepal need the money way more than reddit does . 
  go donate the money instead . 
  if you want to give reddit money , go click on an ad or something instead . 
  if you want to reward the commenter , give them an upvote . 
  do all three of those , and everyone wins !, 
  i have to say , i absolutely love the way you roleplayed that warlock . 
  so incredibly tragic . 
  i 'm just curious , how long did you stay away from your patron at the times you tried to get away , and how did you roleplay all of that ? 
  mechanically did you just have no powers at all for that time ? 
  yeah , here in aus panadol is the most well-known brand of pain-killer . 
  it 's often used generically for any paracetamol . 
  however , whenever the true generic name is used , we call it paracetamol , not acewhatsit . 
   it attempts to lower the pain threshold, 
  perhaps i 'm wrong on the terminology , but would n't it be * raising * the pain threshold , if anything ? 
  as in , raising the level at which something causes you pain . 
  how did you do the actual mines ? 
  i 've just started looking at how to may it out recently , and i realised that at 2 cm per 5 ft it would be 6 by 8 sheets of a4 paper in total . 
  that 's nearly 50 sheets !, 
  yeah the only thing that i would say is actually * wrong * with it is that it 's using ` < td  ` for what should be ` < th  ` . 
  and even that 's kinda a case that does n't really matter * too * much . 
  learning to use tables is n't a bad thing at all -- as long as you 're explicitly taught that they are * not * to be used for layout , we 're not in the early 2000s . 
  oh man , you had me so excited there for a quarter of a second . 
  i love big band :(, 
   but i think you can find it online , too, 
  i mean yeah , you can , but as far as i 'm aware , not legally . 
  this is such an inspiring story . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  have you got any videos/recordings of yourself playing ? 
  oh speaking of which , if you do n't mind me asking , where are you performing while in australia ? 
  someone who does n't want to pay $ 11 shipping on a $ 12 item ? 
  ( and yeah , it 's $ 12 , not $ 11 -- you missed the .99 . ), 
  nah , not over here you ca n't . 
  outside the us and canada ( and * maaaaybe * western europe , i 'm not sure ) they 're pretty crap . 
  afaik neither the throne nor the game ever die in game of thrones . 
  not one that 's been confirmed -- or even had any serious rumours . 
  it 's just that there were green lantern references this episode . 
  dude ... spoilers . 
  aww ... no brisbane ? 
  but still , that is so awesome . 
  i just wan na point out that this ` stealth hiding ' you describe is the * normal * method of comment deletion . 
  though usually the mods have the courtesy to also message you about it and explain why ... 
  and it got deleted at -170 . 
  anyone got a mirror that 's not blocked ? 
  an ip ban is a * terrible * idea . 
  what happens when they 're redditing from work or somewhere else in public ? 
  everyone at the site will have the same public ip . 
  hell , even just multiple people sharing a house have the same public ip . 
  and it would be fairly ineffective against most home users anyway , since most isps dynamically allocate ip addresses , meaning an individual 's ip address is likely to change fairly regularly anyway . 
  and the table was actually called `` students '' . 
  actually , on that note , is sql case-sensitive in its table ( and database and column ) names ? 
  what i love is that this is so well known that the only reason the comic actually got * linked to * was in response to someone who came from / r/all . 
  shame it 's not starting until november ... but if that 's what they need to make it as good as possible , i 'd say it 's worth the wait .
