  that 's the point , tv at the moment is amazing . 
  there 's no way i 've brief comment could possibly list all the great shows . 
  your link 's a dud . 
  does n't work . 
  make sure the piece is set to public . 
   forgot a minus sign . 
  shit . 
  i always do that, 
  at least you got all your colons in place , and all the indentation 's correct . 
  edit : but i feel girl should be a subclass of `` person '' , rather than calling girl an object . 
  got ta say , i find the serifed font really difficult to read . 
  i 'd rather you went back to the default font , or made the font size much larger . 
  i 've got chrome zoomed to 125 % now just to make it easy to read . 
  the sidebar has a link to / r/classicalresources , which is a great resource for classical music in all sorts of ways . 
  [ this link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/classicalresources/comments/13g764/themes_saddark/ ) in particular may interest you . 
  their kickstarter-type thing seems terribly designed . 
  you ca n't even read the full rewards without logging in ... 
  currently the mean is just under $ 147 . 
  to get 10 million at that rate , it 's over 68,000 people . 
  that 's still a heap . 
  ( just do n't tell that to the irish ), 
  it 's not supposed to be `` reach the number of signatures and we 'll do what the petition says '' . 
  it 's supposed to be that if they reach the required number , the white house is obligated to * respond * to it . 
  i.e. , give a comment about what they think of the issue , and whether or not they think it 's something they will work towards . 
  my guess was it dropped because more people are joining in ( yay !, 
  ) , and those people are n't able to contribute the really large amounts that would keep up the mean . 
  i feel like finer ranges of exercise times should be included . 
  plenty of people probably exercise somewhere around 30 mins a day on average . 
  as a person who * loves * the ribbon interface in microsoft office , i just ca n't get into it on sibelius . 
  the interface , in my opinion , makes things really hard to find , and spreads them out all over the place in illogical locations . 
  the * idea * of it is brilliant , but the locations that they 've put things are n't intuitive in the same way microsoft made their options intuitive in office . 
  on the other hand , the sounds are to * die * for when compared to sib6 . 
  depending on your needs , this may or may not matter . 
  ( for me , composing for my own enjoyment and never expecting my pieces to be played , it 's a huge boon . ), 
  other than that , there are n't really any significant feature changes . 
  it 's 64-bit , so you 'll get much better performance . 
  i would have guessed it 's most likely because you have , at some point , told chrome to allow . exe files , but have n't done the same with . jars . 
  chrome always asks me for permission with . exes . 
  i 've got ta be completely honest , and i know this is n't a particularly popular opinion , but i * far * prefer the playstation over xbox ( both xbox vs ps2 and 360 vs ps3 ) . 
  i 'll not go into all the reasons , but one major one is the exclusives . 
  there is literally not a single xbox 360 exclusive that interests me . 
  that 's not to say there are n't * any * good ones , just none that interest me personally . 
  on the other hand , the ps3 has some absolutely * amazing * exclusives , in my opinion . 
  none of it 's enough to make me buy either console , though . 
  i 'm happy with my pc . 
  i think that 's the point . 
  `` until beethoven came along '' . 
  that 's the reason beethoven is the transitionary figure : the first romantic , as it were . 
  as a clarinetist , you make me sad :(, 
  i would n't say i ca n't find his work enjoyable , i do . 
  however , i agree , it 's so emotionless . 
  i find bach most enjoyable when you actually study the piece in detail and can pick out the little things going on , because then you can appreciate it more for its musical skill . 
  but at a more superficial level , bach 's who i like to listen to when studying , specifically because of how bland and uninteresting it sounds . 
  editors note : i should note , this is a gross exaggeration of how i feel about bach , mainly for the sake of joining in the conversation . 
  many of his pieces i absolutely love , even from a shallow perspective . 
  he might not ; i would . 
  http://thepiratebay.sx [ or whatever tld it 's going with today ], 
  just make sure to buy a real copy if you actually plan to make money from the program . 
  curious , what makes you include the greens in your list of parties that `` are fucked at the moment '' ? 
   now however , guardian journalist matthew kalman who penned the original story late last night claims the cambridge statement is untrue , and that hawking will indeed be boycotting the jewish state . 
  he tweeted , `` in case you doubted my story on hawking 's boycott of israel , i have now confirmed it again . 
  cambridge retraction soon '' . 
   this was shortly followed by , `` yes . 
  it 's boycott all the way . '', 
  and, 
   a university spokesman has now retracted the earlier statements , claiming : `` we have now received confirmation from professor hawking 's office that a letter was sent on friday to the israeli president 's office regarding his decision not to attend the presidential conference , based on advice from palestinian academics that he should respect the boycott . 
  i 've got to be honest , the article did n't seem particularly convincing . 
  still , if true , it 's great to know that it 's not necessarily his health that 's causing the problem . 
  would you really say that 's what he 's `` most notable '' for ? 
  i would have thought castle is his most well-known work . 
  no joke , i got an ad on facebook from some group within my university where they were paying people $ 30 to participate in a survey . 
  i clicked on it , expecting it to be fooling me somehow , but nope . 
  they actually gave every participant $ 30 for doing it . 
  as a subscriber to / r/samplesize , this was awesome . 
  getting paid to do something i do for fun anyway . 
  i feel the same as him , but i 've read neither 1984 nor fahrenheit 451 . 
  so that 's unlikely . 
  but yeah , it just feels really sad seeing books destroyed . 
  for piano solo . 
  from the comments :, 
   liszt : `` hmm ... what to call this piece . . opus numbers are so boring ... well , it does end in a plagal cadence . . screw it . 
  it 's an alleluia . 
  surely a choir could sing it once i separate the parts . '', 
  i 'm fairly neutral on french toast , waffles , and pancakes , but so long as cr\u00eapes go last , i 'm happy . 
  personal taste , of course , but i just ca n't stand cr\u00eapes , and get * really * annoyed when i order pancakes from a menu and they turn out to be cr\u00eapes . 
  edit : seriously guys ? 
  i made the specific point of mentioning that this ** my * personal * preference ** , and you downvote me for contributing to the conversation , along with everyone else who happens to dislike cr\u00eapes . 
  fuck you guys . 
  correct in this case , and i have n't got any issue with people using commas in that way . 
  however , i for one have seen far too many commas added in where they should n't be in a way that is completely unnatural to speak . 
  those are the worst . 
  nah , that 's what i saw , too . 
  take an upvote from me , and fuck the guys downvoting you for expressing your opinion . 
  seriously guys , fucking reddiquette . 
  just 'cause you 've got a boner for cr\u00eapes does n't mean you get to ignore it . 
  i , respectfully , completely disagree . 
  op needs to discuss this first with step-sister , and then with step-brother-in-law ( is that a thing ? ), 
  in private , before going public with the rest of the family . 
  it can be banned in the same way anything can be illegal to manufacture . 
  in the us it 's illegal to manufacture drugs .
