  they * should * have made it available worldwide . 
  there was no reason they could n't have done it this season !, 
  anyway , i hope you do n't mind if i used this one comment to reply to all of yours , rather than responding to each individually . 
  hmm ? 
  source ? 
  last i heard the tpg deal was solid , and they were only waiting on necessary approval . 
  hahaha whoops . 
  yeah , make it autumn to spring . 
  and what bias do you think that was ? 
  i found two posts about one of my hobbies . 
  but i still did n't understand one of them because they play a different version of the game : /, 
  i think the advantage that the other one has is that your one would probably be easier to work out that it 's about music , even if people do n't know exactly what it means . 
  after all , most people are familiar with the they word chord , and probably even octave . 
  maybe also `` voices '' , though they 'd likely get the context wrong on that one . 
  is that what casting looks like in c++ : /, 
  it looks so awful . 
  why does n't it use the same method as c ? 
  or java , for that matter ? 
  i thought when a parent dies the children are adopted by init ? 
  there 's d&d in here too , and magic . 
  actually it 's not just every whole number . 
  it is theoretically possible to have a non-integer base , so 10 could be at the least every possible real number . 
  maybe even every complex number , too , i 'm not sure on that front . 
  not at all . 
  in fact , i happen to be a big fan of most of the legislation they passed . 
  i was merely trying to be unbiased in that comment . 
  whether the legislation was bad or not is a matter of opinion . 
  i happen to believe it was a good thing . 
  the fact that they were very successful in passing said legislation is an objectively good thing . 
  the fact that they were obviously extremely * unsuccessful * at getting the public on their side ( due in part to their own political in-fighting ) was an objectively bad thing . 
  unfortunately , there 's really not much chance of them getting away with that in this case . 
  the site is very clearly being * used * for things related to star wars and electronic arts . 
  yeah , libel law requires statements of untruth . 
  there 's zero chance of him getting in trouble for libel . 
  however , i think it very unlikely that he would n't have the domain name taken off of him without compensation . 
  it 's pretty clearly trademark infringement . 
  and unlike slutsof in stagram , the actually * content * on the site makes it clear that this is n't being misconstrued . 
  not to mention steam.com could n't possibly be driving any business since there are no links or contact information on the page , and even googling the `` steam tunnel operations '' does n't turn up any way of actually contacting them . 
  please let 's not use phrases like `` resistance is futile '' . 
  we 're not the evil empire that * needs * to be resisted . 
  we 're supporting the genuine technological and cultural advancement of human kind . 
  link ? 
  this is why i 'm not looking forward to legends of tomorrow . 
  time travel can be used for some pretty damn cool things when it 's used sparingly like it was this season . 
  and even then , it caused some oddities with timelines and shit . 
  but when you have a show whose entire * premise * is that some guy came back in time and decided to create a team of dudes to do time travelling stuff and save the world . 
  well ... that 's bound to have problems . 
  they made so many geeky references this episode . 
  hitchhiker 's guide , star wars , austin powers , and back to the future , to name the ones i can remember . 
  and that 's just the ones that * were n't * related to dc comics . 
  they made so many geeky references this episode . 
  hitchhiker 's guide , star wars , austin powers , and back to the future , to name the ones i can remember . 
  and that 's just the ones that * were n't * related to dc comics . 
  no way . 
  that was some of the best television i have ever seen . 
  they made so many geeky references this episode . 
  hitchhiker 's guide , star wars , austin powers , and back to the future , to name the ones i can remember . 
  and that 's just the ones that * were n't * related to dc comics . 
  hey mods , just a tip , the text in the comment box is a bit much . 
  it literally starts overflowing the space in the box a bit . 
  maybe remove the things that really only pertain to original posts and not so much to comments , like `` do not post questions without context '' ? 
  honestly when it gets longer than one or two lines , people are n't going to read it at all . 
  the comment box text should be for absolutely crucial rules that people need constant reminder of , not just a repeat of sidebar rules . 
  oh hey , i only just saw this now , after i already wrote a top-level comment reply about the matter . 
  the rules text in the comment box as it stands is a tad ridiculous . 
  it 's actually slightly overflowing the default size of the comment box in my browser . 
  and with it that long , all it does is serve to annoy users . 
  nobody is even going to begin reading it at that length . 
  it should really be at most two lines long , or people just wo n't read it . 
  i 'd keep it to just the * absolute essentials * that people should be reminded of before each and every comment reply . 
  definitely no need for the `` do not post questions without context '' bit , for example , and there 's probably no need for a reminder of rule 5 or the no-piracy thing each and every time . 
  just my two cents , anyway . 
  to be fair , it does roll off the tongue much more nicely that way . 
  wow , thanks !, 
  haha thanks . 
  this subreddit is awesome . 
  nah , not totally crazy . 
  i used to , but i gave up on it * long * ago . 
  all you need to know is that we 're the good guys , and good guys do n't usually say things like `` resistance is futile '' , 
  they made so many geeky references this episode . 
  hitchhiker 's guide , star wars , austin powers , and back to the future , to name the ones i can remember . 
  and that 's just the ones that * were n't * related to dc comics . 
  this is n't a copyright case , so `` fair use '' arguments are n't really relevant . 
  to be honest , i think the biggest strike against him is that he publicly stated that he wants to sell it to them . 
  the [ uniform domain-name dispute-resolution policy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uniform_domain-name_dispute-resolution_policy ) is pretty damn clear that registering something with the express purpose of preventing the trademark owner from using it and/or selling it to the trademark owner is `` bad faith '' use , and can be grounds for taking it off of him . 
   use one of your attacks to do certain actions , like shoving someone or grappeling them, 
  to be specific , the types of actions you can do are those that are classed as `` attack actions '' . 
  any ability that can be used in this way will specifically use the phrase `` attack action '' . 
  worth noting that not everything with an `` attack roll '' is an attack option . 
  for example , casting a cantrip damage spell like fire bolt involves an attack roll , but it is * not * using the `` attack action '' , so it ca n't be used in this way . 
  attacking with a weapon , shoving , and grappling are the only options that i can think of right now that can be used in this way , but there might be more granted by specific class abilities or something . 
  p.s. , the word is spelt `` enemy '' , with a y. 
  `` enemies '' , with an ies is the plural . 
  that 's a really good explanation of * why * it 's easier to say . 
  i never even thought of it . 
  you 're semi-right . 
  the us supreme court cases you 're talking about defend someone 's right to scan and use digital copies of * their own * books . 
  downloading someone * else 's * scanned copy is not defended by this , however . 
  similarly , if you do scan your own copy , you ca n't share it with anyone else . 
   a good part of the mindset with 5e has been to support local game stores,
