  true , but it was fairly obvious from context that he was alluding to the fact that alligators and crocodiles have remained virtually the same for millions of years . 
  that 's their plan !, 
  yeah that was what i meant by in some areas . 
  the engineering programme at my uni actually seems to have roughly 1 female for every 5 guys . 
  one course that 's mandatory for all engineering students is a group project with 6 people in each group , and it seems that every group has one girl . 
  there 're probably a few that do n't have any but certainly most do . 
  i guess i 'm just lucky ? 
  i ca n't speak for the south 's * government * , but it certainly is something that many of the people of south korea would want . 
  they see the north as their family -- in some cases they literally are family . 
  my source : lived in korea for 3 years , and after than went to a school with a high portion of koreans for 5 years . 
  rubbish . 
  `` reasonable '' is the basis of western legal systems . 
  to be found guilty , the prosecution must prove * beyond reasonable doubt * that the defendant is guilty of the crimes they are charged with . 
  there are a number of cases in which it would be reasonable to expect the person is over age , not the least of which was mentioned in another reply to my comment : you met them at a place that is supposedly only for people over a certain age . 
  in that case , the person mentioning it was saying that in some areas even that would be illegal , however in other areas that is considered a defence . 
  for economics , keep track of as much economic-related news as you can . 
  the ias ( internal assessments -- coursework ) require applying the theory you 've learnt to a real-life situation . 
  best of luck !, 
  physics , music , and english are a fine choice . 
  unless you have a specific uni programme in mind , then there 's really no such thing as a bad selection of subjects at ib . 
  if you want to do engineering , hl maths is either a very good idea or a must , depending on the uni . 
  if you want to do law , journalism , or arts , hl english is a very good choice ( and in the case of arts , hl music is , too ) . 
  if you 're not really sure what you want to do , it does n't matter too much . 
  this is absolutely correct . 
  the level of maths used in ib physics is n't too hard . 
  you definitely do n't want to be doing maths studies , because that is below what hl physics will use , but sl maths should be fine . 
  this depends on the school . 
  my school told us when to do each of the ias , and did n't start guidance on the ee until the third term ( of a three term year ) of the first year of ib . 
  the idea with the ee was to do most of the work over the summer holiday , which is a great idea . 
  business/economics ? 
  what 's that course ? 
  i did economics , and i know of other people that did business management , but i do n't know of any combination of the two . 
  is that a proper ib subject , or one of those school-specific curricula ? 
  i see what you 're saying , but does it really make sense to require people to number out 90 full names , especially if you only have a preference up to a certain point . 
  let 's say my preferred party is the greens , and they 've got three candidates . 
  i number them 1 -- 3 , followed by an independent at 4 , and then labor 's 6 candidates 5 -- 10 ( numbers completely made up ) . 
  after that , i dislike the liberals , nationals , katter 's party , and any others . 
  why should i have to choose which ones i dislike least ? 
  to me , it makes far more sense to vote only for those that you actually like , and then leave blank the ones you do n't like . 
  i think that this change would see far more people choose to vote below the line , and that results in individuals having a greater say in what they want in government , thereby resulting in a better represented democracy . 
  agreed . 
  i did sl econ , easy 6 . 
  coulda got a 7 with a bit more effort . 
  fair point , but the fact that everyone knows it does n't make it less awesome . 
  how long ago did you graduate ? 
  as i understand it , ib changed their rules for classes graduating in 2012 so that it 's not just 150 hours of cas , but a more general ongoing commitment to activities in each section , as well as reflections on the activities . 
  kickstarter has a few rules , but they seem rather cryptic . 
  what could hypothetically happen is a kickstarter to get yj back after it was completely axed by cn , where the writers or whatever have managed to get cn to release the rights to it , and now they just need funding for the show . 
  of course , that could never happen in practice , but i think it gives the general idea . 
  the way he worded it makes him seem an arsehole , but it is somewhat relevant . 
  if you were n't alive at the time ( and , more importantly , you were n't old enough to know what 's going on ) , then you are less likely to have known what happened , so you may not know the exact time that it happened . 
  this argument actually works in ynot 's favour , as it shows a pretty decent knowledge of what happened even if they did n't know the precise date . 
  ( also , ynot1989 's username , could it be relevant . ), 
  indeed . 
  natural resources are pretty much the only reason australia * has * an economy . 
  trust me , that 's not a good thing . 
  see : dutch disease . 
  more importantly , we gave them enough traffic to force them to completely lock people out of their site . 
  that 's got ta count for something , right ? 
  you mean specific heat capacity ? 
  not sure if `` specific heat '' by itself is something different that goes beyond high school physics , or you 've just cut off the word capacity . 
  actually , it 's much less definite than that . 
  to quote / u/abstractsoup 's comment a little way up , and tiktaky 's reply to it, 
   i just think it 's easier to use 0 as the difference to snowy and not snowy , instead of ~ 32 f. 
  and, 
   the fact that almost every important point . 
  freezing , scientific room temperature , max environmental temperature and boiling water all sit on or close to whole numbers ( 0 , 25 , 50 , 100 , respectively ) is just so easy . 
  blood temperature is the only outlier , but 37c is n't hard to remember . 
  and i wholeheartedly agree . 
  celsius manages to fit far more important things into one scale than fahrenheit , which only has ` very hot ' and ` very cold ' -- not even the extremes of either end . 
  add to that its inherent link with kelvin for scientific purposes , and i do n't see any reason for fahrenheit to continue to exist . 
  if a weatherman says it 's going to be `` twice as cold tomorrow '' , he 's being hyperbolous anyway . 
  if today is 0 \u02dac ( 32 \u02daf ) , then twice as cold is -136.575 \u02dac ( -213.835 \u02daf ) . 
  in practice it 's a useless statistic for weather reporting . 
  umm ... can you use standard * temperature * and pressure when comparing the temperature at which something boils or melts ? 
  edit : honest question , i 'm not sure if i 'm missing something . 
  ( also , upvote for at least clarifying the pressure part . ), 
  ok , but neither 0 \u02daf nor 100 \u02daf are actually deadly temperatures for a healthy adult undergoing normal activity . 
  they 're both incredibly uncomfortable , but not life-threatening under normal conditions . 
  stop trying to use this absolutely horrid false analogy/appeal to emotion to continue the use of an outdated measurement system . 
  yeah true that . 
  correct . 
  / u/monster _ hugs made this and posted to / r/funny . 
  he deserves all the credit . 
  absolutely brilliant piece of oc . 
  i just thought it belonged here , too , since it is a vertical in the true sense of the term . 
  yeah , april fools ' day is n't in january . 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  if you 're 36 weeks now , and 37 is full term , why is the due date not until 20/4 ? 
  i would 've thought it would be around 1/4 or something . 
  if you saw him around lunch time , would n't that have been time to give up the prank anyway ? 
  i mean , lunch most places i 've been is usually after midday . 
   in reality the connection between hemispheres , handedness and analytic versus creative is much muddier and confused than that, 
  restating this just because i nearly glossed over it the first time , and it 's the most important part of your comment . 
  9gagers are n't smart enough to think of trolling reddit with that . 
  tempo tantrum :, 
  what a young orchestra is having when it 's not keeping time with the conductor . 
  brilliant . 
  i really do n't understand what compels people to complain about reposts . 
  i 've seen this before , and it 's still cool to see it again .
