  i just want to point out that my comment is just a joke . 
  having a dig at established religions , mainly . 
  the point is , in this context it 's clear that they 're not using `` rape '' to actually he a `` rape joke '' . 
  it 's just a bit of harmless banter . 
  i do n't really see it as the dm 's place to be the moral police . 
  especially when that moral policing is against something aimed not at real people but imaginary monsters , and when the content being policed is something that is really not that bad . 
  it 's the sort of behaviour i might expect from one of those hardcore tumblr types , but not any rational person that i would want to be playing dnd ( or any game ) with . 
  if it were aimed at other players , that would be different . 
  if it were the player saying that he 's actually going to try and forcibly have sexual intercourse with the npcs , that would be different . 
  but your example was neither of these things . 
  wait why are you dating green men ? 
  it 's been working well for me lately , but as recently as a year ago offline mode was so crap . 
  if your internet connection died , or you took your laptop somewhere , you 'd be stuck completely unable to play games because they just wo n't let you okay without logging in to steam . 
   authorised by g. wright , australian labor party , 5/9 sydney ave , barton act 2600 . 
  are we reading the same ad ? 
  the first line of it says `` looking for enthusiastic , community-minded people '' . 
  it also mentions extensive walking , so it probably is door to door . 
  lol your autocorrect really does n't like negative gearing . 
  first negative hearing , and then negative getting . 
  the gun restrictions are something that very few people would deny were a massive boon for the country . 
  just so you know , that 's not what pigeon-holed means . 
  the word you 're looking for is shoehorned . 
  you should consider cross posting this to / r/samplesize . 
  and is there a colemac subreddit ? 
  yeah sorry , but avatar definitely was n't . 
  i mean , they probably have toys available somewhere , but i 've never seen or heard of them , so they 're clearly not trying to push them by the show . 
  you probably should have asked for operating system and browser . 
  fwiw , i 'm on android using the browser built in to reddit is fun , and it worked perfectly for me . 
  it 's not quite as good as a night mode , but you could try using android 's colour inversion in the accessibility settings . 
  there 's also twilight , which is sort of like f.lux on desktop operating systems . 
  has free matlab always been available to uq students ? 
  i just pirated mine when i needed it a couple of years back ... 
  the original the office did a much better job of this than the us office did . 
  but then , it 's much easier to do it consistently when you just get in , tell your story , and get out , rather than something that drags on for 10 seasons . 
  sucks for you . 
  down here we 're in the third week of autumn . 
  but then ... when spring comes along , shitting is the least of your bird worries . 
  the real problem is being swooped by magpies . 
  and plovers . 
  my first thought was honestly wikipedia . 
  they do great things for disseminating knowledge for free around the world . 
  i 'd love to be able to donate an unlimited amount to them . 
  but then i was like , nah , amazon or ebay for sure . 
  i would show how i can blow bubbles through a straw in a glass of water for a few minutes without stopping . 
  circular breathing ftw . 
  i almost never browse anything in / new . 
  but i just saw the mod post on askreddit about the new rules , in which they mentioned ( in a comment ) that the best way to influence the front page is by voting in / new . 
  so out of curiosity i 'm here . 
  probably wo n't stay long . 
  the person i hate the most is probably a politician of the opposite political persuasion to me . 
  if probably try to buy them off to secretly forward my political beliefs . 
  soft drink . 
  when i was 9 i could n't stand the stuff . 
  i still generally prefer water or juice most of the time , but now i do really like a lemonade or coke from time to time . 
  also pizza . 
  still not a huge fan of it , but i used to hate it and now i quite like it . 
  i would assume that you ca n't ask for something that does n't exist . 
  by that token , the best thing you could do would be to ask for unlimited money , and spend a heap on medical research and on providing available treatments to those that ca n't afford them . 
  star trek . 
  it 's a post-scarcity society . 
  as long as you did n't join star fleet or go off somewhere on the frontier , you 'd be pretty damn safe most of the time , and you could have pretty much anything that you want . 
  i do n't know the exact number . 
  i just know it went on for ages . 
  used 10 as a nice round number . 
  ah okay cool . 
  thanks for letting us know !, 
  2:06 pm on 15/03/15 . 
  i feel that way about about brisbane , where i 'm from . 
  it 's a lovely city with quite a lot to do , but for a tourist there 's absolutely nothing interesting . 
  sure , we 're an hour 's drive south of some of the best beaches in the world , and an hour north of some of the best theme parks in the country , but brisbane itself is just a generic nice city . 
  i 've heard it here in seq , but not especially frequently . 
  also had no idea the term was borrowed from indigenous australians . 
  ca n't say i 'm all that surprised , though . 
  i see it as the other way around currently . 
  it 's called brisbane but we get people from other parts of queensland in here anyway . 
  hey , just so you know , reddit automatically blocks quickmeme links . 
  chuck had quite a few . 
  i was n't watching it as it aired , so i do n't no exactly , but i believe the final episodes of seasons 3 , 4 , and 5 were all at one point potentially the finale episode of the show , and at least one of the mid season finales from seasons 2 -- 4 could have been the last . 
  that 's 4 or 5 `` finales '' . 
  [ i 'm loving the variety in opinions shown by the responses to this comment . 
  pretty sure is the other way around . 
  company a owns the rights . 
  company b actually makes the film . 
  they pay for the actors , the crew , the equipment , etc. 
  they also pay company a for the right to make the film . 
  then when the film comes out , all the money goes to company b. 
  but they 've paid just enough in licencing costs that they do n't end up making any profit . 
  all the profit went to a in the form of licencing . 
  wait people did n't like third gen pok\u00e9mon ? 
  it 's the only generation i 've ever played i liked it well enough . 
  ( it 's ruby , sapphire , and emerald , right ? ), 
  it was because quickmeme was discovered to be actively gaming reddit by getting people to upvote all their links and downvote competitors . 
  which to me seems a fair reason to block links . 
  but the admins went about it in what i thought at the time was a really awful way . 
  they never presented us with their evidence , and they never even made an official announcement . 
  all they did was get the mods of some of the big subreddits to explain it to users . 
  this is kind of the original meaning of the word meme . 
  like good genes get selected for over time , creating evolution in the species hosting the gene , ideas advance over time and good ones get selected and built upon , creating technological ( or cultural , in other cases ) advancement . 
  i , too , love wild magic . 
  though the only time it 's been used so far in my campaign , it resulted in a player death .
