  if you want to vote in your home electorate , you should be able to register there , then just pop in to a polling booth at you university ( even though it 's a different electorate ) and have them work it out , and give you the right ballot paper for your home electorate . 
  it should n't be a * burden * to vote , because if it is , that harms the democratic process . 
  as an aussie who went to school overseas ( but came back to aus for uni ) , yeah , it 's pretty well known that we start uni ridiculously young . 
  i started a year later than i would have had i been in australia for highschool , and the difference is pretty significant . 
  i 'm not a big drinker , but the idea of starting university and not being able to legally drink for a few months or even most of the year is really weird . 
  like clearly these people are too young . 
  no idea , i 'm as confused as you . 
  maybe they wanted to distinguish the language from the demonym or something . . ? 
  one heartbeat away from the presidency and not a single vote cast in their name -- democracy is so overrated . 
   intimidate can also be used as a strength or constitution skill , instead of just charisma, 
  using alternate abilities for a skill is not a home rule . 
  in fact , your specific example of it ( well , the str part -- i honestly do n't see how con would work for intimidate ) is already in the phb . 
  personally i decide whether to make them do a str ( intimidate ) or cha ( intimidate ) based on how they describe their actions . 
  if they say they 're threatening in some sort of verbal manner , it 's the latter . 
  if they are using their physical size and , well , strength , to intimidate , then it 's the former . 
   the first round of initiative you can reset your score to a lower value, 
  why not at any time ? 
  i let people delay , if they want to . 
  it means they 're later in the initiative for the rest of the encounter , though . 
   if a creature is unconscious , you can interact with it as an object . 
  interesting . 
  but i wonder what specific ways they could interact with it ? 
   freedom of movement allows you to automatically break a grapple , and then you have your speed reduced by 5 ft. 
  i 'm confused , is n't this the raw ? 
  it says `` the target can also spend 5 feet of movement to automatically escape from nonmagical restraints , such as manacles or a creature that has it grappled . '', 
  is n't that the same thing in a slightly different wording ? 
   you can use your action to feed an unconscious creature a goodberry . 
  i like this . 
  but i would say the same should be done for healing potions . 
  i just let them go at it , as much as they want . 
  on the rare occasions it gets out of hand , i tell them that they should stop , but i wo n't force them to . 
  the way i see it , intra-party conflict makes for interesting narrative , and lifts some of the burden of shaping the story from me . 
  oh , i really like this idea . 
  as far as i 'm aware 5e does n't have * any * concept of `` bloodied '' . 
  many people have loosely brought the concept forward from 4e , where it meant you 're at or below half of your maximum hp . 
  it was a mechanic in 4e that many abilities used . 
  some creatures would get stronger when bloodied , or some creatures might always target bloodied opponents over non-bloodied ones , for example . 
  i like the net as saving throw thing . 
  it makes no sense that plate armour would be harder to net than cloth . 
  there 's already a feat that allows healer 's kits to restore health . 
  personally i 'm not a fan of adding in rules that make an already valid choice in the game obsolete or significantly less useful . 
  but * wow * . 
  i * really * do n't like the idea of a weapon becoming completely useless because you rolled a couple of 1s . 
  that just feels completely unnecessarily punishing for little narrative gain , and even less mechanical interest . 
  oh man , these guys are great !, 
  i watched their greek gods sketch after this one , and i 'm in the middle of the fencing video at the moment . 
  they 're absolutely hilarious . 
  thanks so much for sharing this !, 
  oh yeah totally . 
  it 's definitely not a suitable approach for everyone . 
  can i just say i love the shade of blue you 've picked . 
  true . 
  it 's much easier to coordinate when one half is \u00fcber strong super heroes saving the world from global or galactic scale threats , and the other half is a blind guy with good hearing , than it is when you 've got a bunch of different heroes with roughly equal power levels like comparing the dc filmverse , the arrowverse , and supergirl . 
   i probably just use notepad, 
  honestly if i were going to do it , i 'd use pen and paper for this . 
  but i 'd say yeah , count everything that gets fired out of the bow . 
  but i look forward to the result !, 
  my parents always put in a touch of disinfectant . 
  or something with some sort of medicinal smell , anyway . 
  i forgot about that . 
  but to be fair , i do n't think many people consider that a remotely sensible way of doing things , either . 
  if the unconscious creature is medium , and the interacting creature is also medium , i 'm not sure they 'd be able to use the body as an improvised weapon . 
  at least , not without some significant penalty or something . 
   in both games , no where is safe . 
  you 're constantly being hunted , threatened , and attacked, 
  i do n't know about half life 2 , but i could n't disagree more with regards to the first game . 
  it 's just so incredibly dull !, 
  it feels like a linear progression of set pieces with no real cohesive driving narrative or explanation behind it . 
  it feels like going through a straight up dungeon crawl in a tabletop rpg with a really unimaginative dm . 
  perhaps half life 2 fixes this , but i ca n't say . 
  i 've never been able to bring myself to finish the first game . 
  though that 's more a result of my dislike of its mechanics ( which are just frankly * beyond attrocious * by today 's standards ) than its narrative . 
  the narrative was bland , but not * bad * per se . 
  and i refuse to play the second game in any series without first playing the first . 
  i know that in many ways it does n't matter if you miss the first half of the story in this case , but i just do n't like starting in the middle . 
  [ i was quoting frank underwood in house of cards ] ( https://vine.co/v/m7tkdkqg3it ) . 
  ( sorry for the shitty video , could n't find anything else with the quote in it . ), 
  it 's at his vice-presidential inauguration . 
  yeah fair enough . 
  i guess it 's not as overshadowing as i initially thought . 
  my friend has one that actually does scrolling pretty well . 
  i have no idea what brand or model it is -- i should probably take a note of it next time i see it -- but the scrolling is smooth with a fairly realistic feeling acceleration , and it even does natural scrolling ( though i 'm so used to conventional scrolling in windows -- even on my mac in bootcamp -- that using natural scrolling on it takes some getting used to ) . 
  have n't used it enough to comment on whether i would consider it * as good as * the apple trackpad , but it 's still really damn decent . 
  wow what 's with the chrome hate ? 
  i mean , it 's pretty bad for battery life , but in my experience its impact on the performance of the machine is negligible ( far less significant than chrome on windows has been for me , at the very least ) . 
  and i 've noticed its battery life impact has n't been bothering me as much lately as it did 8 or so months ago . 
  but in terms of features , cross-platform syncing , usability , etc. , it 's an extremely good browser . 
  i would argue that for anyone not exclusively using apple ( i.e. , if you use windows at all , or use android as your phone/tablet os ) , it 's nearly * objectively * the best browser ( though obviously no browser can ever really be the objective best ) . 
  for the keeping you awake thing , i 've always used caffeine . 
  any particular reason to use kya over it ? 
  scrollreverser seems absolutely incredible . 
  i ca n't believe it 's not the default state of os x , or at least an included option . 
  why transmission ? 
  i 've been using \u03bctorrent since the time it was universally considered good ( though i know many do n't like it these days ) , and my experience has been that the os x version is * still * pretty good . 
  does n't have the ads and other shit that the windows version does . 
  oh awesome !, 
  not too often one comes across someone that 's watched the original . 
  absolutely fantastic show . 
  oh right , cool . 
  surely `` until your next turn '' is easy to adjust .
