  but that 's just about where it stops . 
  i find his policies with regards to education and health care are as bad as , if not worse than , romney 's are . 
  overall , i 'd go johnson over romney any day , but obama still wins of the three . 
  ( and stein over the lot of them , at least according to isidewith -- since i 'm not from america and american politics does n't actually directly affect me i have n't bothered looking into the american green party any further , though i think i do support my country 's greens most of our parties , too . ), 
  ah , but verbs and nouns usually are capitalised . 
  `` is '' is a verb , but usually is n't capitalised in most titles . 
   but i like to hear music as it was written and notated , not a new interpretation, 
  just curious , what 's your opinion on the two major different interpretations of the first movement of beethoven 's sonata no. 14 in c # minor ( moonlight ) ? 
  i was basically referring to the comments [ andras schiff has to make about the tempo and pedal ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw_dv_gnqao ) , as well as the thematic association ( moonlight is not a name beethoven ever associated with it , and schiff believes it is more of a death/funeral march because of notes beethoven supposedly took of a mozart death/funeral scene from an opera ) . 
  he actually has a [ whole series of lectures ] ( http://music.guardian.co.uk/classical/page/0,,1943867,00.html ) on * every single beethoven piano sonata * , if you 're interested . 
  the ones i 've listened to have been really interesting , i thought . 
  nice try , perfectgirls.net employee . 
  actually , i think ie had it before firefox . 
  could be wrong on that , though . 
  what do you do with your arms ? 
  genuine question , i feel really awkward if i do n't fold my arms a lot of the time . 
  yeah , he started going deaf around the end of his early period , i think , but was completely deaf by his late period . 
  he certainly never would have truly heard his greatest achievement -- a thought that makes me somewhat sad -- but he would have known more or less what it sounded like . 
  i think what he means is , why is it that we only ever seem to hear about the stories which are directly tied to the iphone , or other apple products . 
  no , everyone that is n't completely tone deaf ( and , at least according to [ benjamin zander ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9lcwi5iere ) , no one is completely tone deaf ) can learn relative pitch . 
  for some people it comes more naturally than others , but anyone can learn it . 
  i 'm very skeptical about that statistic . 
  at my high school of at most 500 people , at least 3 were perfect pitch . 
  they could all name any note played without reference , and one could even tell you what key you speak in ( i got a ) . 
  what do you normally do with your hands when standing still and listening to someone speak , or when speaking yourself ? 
  oh , right . 
  i think i misunderstood what you meant by `` relative perfect pitch '' , and was confusing it with just relative pitch . 
  so , absolute perfect pitch and relative perfect pitch are two different ways of getting the same end result ? 
  how common is specific perfect pitch , and what is the deal with that ? 
  are the instruments that they can name usually those closer to a pure sine wave ( like a horn or flute , at least according to a sound museum i visited in vienna ) , or is it arbitrary ? 
  and can they be either absolute or relative in how they arrive at the pitch ? 
  could they log it if you right click `` copy link address '' and paste that into your torrent client ? 
  you can tell someone 's instrument just by looking at them ? 
  what if they play more than one ? 
  there is something called multiphonics that all wind and brass instruments are technically capable of , but afaik it does n't sound anything like two instruments playing each note . 
  would you say that applies to all woodwind players , or just flautists ? 
  i do n't see the sax or clarinet as being like that at all . 
  what do you have to say about clarinets , saxes , oboes , and bassoons ? 
  aww come on , i 'm sure everyone will realise it 's all in good fun , and any statements you make are just generalisations and wo n't apply to everybody . 
  if still not , are there any questions you could ask to assess one 's instrument through text-based communication like this ? 
  ah ok , fair enough . 
  haha fair enough . 
  i guess that means you 're definitely not going to try and outline some basic ideas for any other instruments , then ? 
  when i saw the question on my homepage i was expecting it to be from / r/introvert , and was somewhat surprised when i saw it was n't . 
  introverts absolutely are n't forever alone , but let 's be honest , / r/introvert seems to be a lot of people who are . 
  ( not everyone , but a lot . ), 
  but really , if a person is happy like that , then why should that be a problem ? 
  you mean upvote him to the top of the thread , then you called it . 
  * now i ai n't some fancy big city-lawyer ... *, 
  it 's not a surprise that if anyone can do this , it would be google , on account of their over-zealous detection on youtube , but it 's brilliant to see it actually work !, 
  how well does it do with less conventional recordings ? 
  for example really out-there pieces ( anything from / r/elitistclassical ) , recordings by individuals ( such as ones found on youtube or recorded by myself/my friends ) , or less standard interpretations of well-known pieces . 
  and how well does it deal with background noise ? 
  could it pick out the overture to marriage of figaro from the montage in king 's speech , or beethoven 's 7th ( second movement ) from the eponymous speech ? 
  ah , that 's a shame . 
  it 'd be really cool if they could leverage the content detection system on youtube into an app like this . 
  and if it could automatically sort your library , too , like / u/acusticthoughts suggested , that would be awesome . 
  oh well , maybe some day . 
  do you have anywhere we can go if we want to find out more information about the system you came up with ? 
  it seems really interesting , and i 'm sure i 'm not the only one that would want to see more . 
  i 've used shazaam . 
  it 's alright , and can get some of your biggest ( i.e. , most popular/well known ) classical pieces , but it ends about there . 
  could you explain what you mean with this ? 
  i do n't think i 'm the only one that does n't understand you . 
  oh , no that 's not it . 
  `` even for classical '' is referring to the fact that other tools like this ( such as shazam ) are notoriously bad at recognising classical pieces . 
  that said , further looking in to this , and it seems this may not be all that much better . 
  rhythmic content is a better way to do it , but obviously is n't a great solution in every case . 
  harmonic content is the next best , ad then melodic . 
  all three of these working together should be good enough to accurately recognise most pieces . 
  hell , youtube already does content matches against individual people 's recordings of public domain music , why could n't this ? 
  no , the phrase `` classical music '' ( lower case c ) definitively refers to any music from the common practice period , or the baroque , classical ( with a capital c ) , and romantic eras . 
  it can even be extended to 20th century styles and renaissance music in some cases . 
  i used to be annoyed at this just like you , before someone explained to me the difference between the broader genre of classical music and the specific classical era . 
  he 's explained what he meant elsewhere , but now i 'm interested , what did you mean by lower variance ? 
  if have to say i find this brilliant . 
  every time i see someone comment on the relationship between them , it seems to be worse . 
  the first time i saw it they had it correct , just that they have respect and do n't hang out . 
  then i see someone claiming that they do n't really get along . 
  and now i see this one saying they full-on hate each other . 
  i dread what people will say they 're like next . 
  first of all , guys , it 's daylight saving . 
  there 's no plural . 
  second , i think a lot of people will appreciate [ this relevant cgpgrey ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84awtseb2-4 ), 
  i watched it about a month ago , really great film !, 
  ah fair enough . 
  good call , then . 
  i can not answer the very second question . 
  i use both windows and mac , and honestly can not imagine not using both on a regular basis . 
  later on , the question about how long you have used the operating system seems to make the assumption that you only use one . 
  i 've used two , and for very different amounts of time ( something like 10 years for windows and only 2 -- 3 for mac os . 
  when it says switched , does that mean when i started using mac os , because it seems more like started with a new os * and * dropped the old one , which i did n't do . 
  `` do you find your operating system user-friendly ? '', 
  again , which of the oses that i 've already said i use is this talking about ? 
  i 've decided not to complete this survey to make sure that i do n't mess up your results . 
  my mum used to call my gameboy a playboy * all the time * . 
  if you release an updated version , let me know , i 'd be glad to take it . 
  what about subreddits that use the nsfw tag for something else , like to denote a spoiler ? 
  on your ipad , no there is n't any way you can do this , sorry . 
  if you 're jailbroken there are probably screen recording apps you can get , and you can definitely get tools to enable mirroring of the ipad screen to another device ( such as one that records the screen ) .
