  i do n't know how many people have physical clocks that they need to change the batteries in . 
  mona the vampire ? 
  oh man i ca n't wait until this game gets good enough to actually run on os x. 
  m&b is exactly the type of game i want to play when i 'm on my laptop away from home . 
  edit : why the photo of the screen , though ? 
  command-shift-3 not working for you ? 
  definitely update , but make sure to ** back up first ** . 
  i mean , it 's a general good piece of advice before any significant change to a computer , but especially with an operating system . 
  i 've had friends who had serious issues with the update . 
  it does n't happen often , but if it does happen to you , you 'll be glad of the backup . 
  oh right . 
  we do n't go for that nonsense here , so that would n't work either . 
  `` site : scribd.com ennio morricone '', 
  last year engg1200 was way worse than 1100 . 
  but i 've talked to some friends who did 1100 this year and apparently they tried to make 1100 more like 1200 . 
  so the difference may not be as pronounced . 
  what type of engineering are you doing ? 
  1200 is pretty geared towards civil and mechanical , maybe chemical , so if you 're not doing those ( as i was n't ) , it 's quite a bit worse . 
  pretty sure the sun chamber was meant to be all before pelton 's time . 
   you ca n't get married if you 're left-handed, 
  if i 'm ambidextrous can i marry ? 
   ability scores are rolled rather than point buy, 
  that seems like an absolutely awful decision . 
  rolled scores are an option in 4e as well , but i just ca n't understand why any player would want to do it , or why any dm would allow it . 
  it basically means some characters are gon na be underpowered for the whole game , and some will be overpowered , through the entire game , just because of some lucky/unlucky rolls right at the beginning . 
  point buy leaves everything far more balanced . 
  how did resistance and vulnerability work in 3 . x ? 
  oh right . 
  sounds more or less like how it works in 4th edition . 
  resist 5 fire means you take 5 less damage on any attacks with the fire keyword . 
  to be honest i like that method a little more than just halving damage . 
  it gives more room for variation in the skills . 
  but then , halving damage means it scales nicely as the character levels , which is a definite plus . 
  fairly sure the idea that it 's by henry viii is apocryphal . 
  nevertheless , it 's a nice performance of a very nice piece of music . 
  agreed , that 's where i always put all of my sarranid recruits . 
  i prefer mamlukes over swadian knights . 
  i think you 've misread that . 
  to me , it seems to say that if you 're born outside of the us completely , * both * of your parents must be us citizens , and * one * must be a current resident . 
  if you 're born in one of the us `` outlying possessions '' , then only one of your parents need be a us citizen , and must have lived in the us for a full contiguous year at some point in their life . 
  you 'll want to read ( in this order ) the promise , the search , and the rift . 
  each has three parts . 
  for the rift , only part 1 is out so far . 
  the promise is about what happens to the fire nation colonies in the earth kingdom . 
  obviously , some of them have been living there for over 100 years , so they ca n't just kick them out . 
  it lays the groundwork for what will eventually become republic city . 
  the search follows on from this , and goes on a journey to find zuko 's mum . 
  the rift takes us back to the earth kingdom , and it will detail more about the founding of republic city , and supposedly will reveal more about toph and her relation to her family . 
  edit : by the way , if you were n't already planning on it , i would recommend giving season 2 of korra a chance . 
  a couple of the episodes ( the beginnings part 1 and 2 ) are amazing , easily as good as the original show . 
  plus it sets us up for season 3 which is looking to me so far like it may be much better than the previous two seasons . 
  best of luck everyone !, 
  i 'm curious , how much does 5e have in the way of non-combat rules ? 
  the lack of them is something i love in 4e , personally . 
  my group does a heap of stuff outside of combat , but it 's all extremely free-flowing . 
  the dm will make us roll for things when they make sense , at his discretion , but for the most part it 's all roleplay and creativity . 
  i feel like having rules laid out -- even if you were n't strictly required to follow them -- would stifle this creativity , because there are rules there and you 're always going to be tempted to follow them . 
  i do n't suppose you could give a really brief overview of the approach to non-combat stuff in 5e ? 
   some spells still attack vs. ac , but non ac defenses are replaced by saving throws which the defender rolls vs a spellcaster 's saving throw dc . 
  how exactly does this work ? 
  would a character built similarly to my current 4e psion -- with high will -- have a similarly high ability to avoid hits against psychic/mental-type attacks in 5e ? 
  games perform better when plugged in to a separate monitor ? 
  one thing i might guess it could be is that the extremely high resolution screen is causing the slow down , as it tries to render the games in extreme resolution . 
  try checking what resolution the game is set to , and turn it down to 1440 x 900 ( the non-retina resolution for a 15 ' mbp ) if it 's currently significantly above that . 
  thanks for this !, 
  i have to say , from what little i 've heard so far , i ca n't say i 'm a fan of the removal of powers in favour of a limited number of spells for mages and mostly basic attacks for other characters . 
  seems like they 're taking away a significant part of the fun , to be honest . 
  regarding cantrips , are they more powerful in this edition ? 
  in 4e they were entirely non-combat related . 
  you could come up with creative ways to use them in combat -- mainly for things like distractions and such -- but for the most part they 're just flavour . 
  but by the sounds of things ( you mentioned `` ray of frost '' being a cantrip ) some of the cantrips might just be the equivalent of at-wills . 
  if i were playing a rogue with daggers , or a ranger with a bow , would my typical turn just be sneaking up and stabbing before attempting to back away , or firing an arrow at a nearby target ? 
  because that 's kinda the impression i 've gotten from what i 've heard so far . 
  i must say , i like the emphasis on backgrounds in here . 
  they have something like that in 4e , but it really felt like a footnote in the player 's handbook 2 . 
  but giving the player incentive to really think about what their character 's life was like before they joined the adventuring group seems like it can only be a good thing to me . 
  anyway , looks like i 've got a lot of reading to do . 
  definitely do n't want to dismiss 5e completely offhand . 
  i 'll read through what they 've published for free , and when i can i 'll get my hands on the player 's handbook to get a better feel for it . 
  thanks for the link and for your thoughts . 
  hell yeah it is . 
  a . wordpress.com site is just about the most unprofessional thing you can have . 
  it makes them look like some random person 's gone out and made it . 
  any proper registered domain -- no matter what tld it 's registered under -- is going to look infinitely more professional than that . 
  it 's like the difference between having their own email address ( again , regardless of the tld ) and using an @gmail.com or @hotmail.com address . 
  ah cool thanks . 
  i 'm used to saving throws being an unmodified d20 so i was a little thrown off . 
  they hate or are afraid of technology and change . 
  come to australia , talk about politics . 
  be able to use it daily . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ wish ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ were ^ ^ ^ still ^ ^ ^ getting ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ nbn ^ ^ ^ proper . 
  stop using that phrase like it 's making an actual point . 
  it 's almost impossible to use it in a way that is n't a logical fallacy , and as far as i can tell this case is no exception . 
  there 's no proof that allowing a murder trial to be retried if police come up with a significant amount of new evidence in a case will lead to -- well , anything , really . 
  x does not * lead * to x. 
  that 's a completely useless and meaningless distinction . 
  if you do n't want then doing it , you should not be okay with them being allowed to do it , because that implies that they will occasionally do it . 
  a ) i think you underestimate the intelligence of a hell of a lot of people, 
  b ) the expression is `` could n't care less '', 
  what if they 're a yahoo or microsoft employee ?
