  i used to have unlimited international sms . 
  the company cancelled the plan i was on and refused to grandfather anyone though :(, 
  my current plan has zero sms anywhere , but is also super cheap . 
  point buy with variable number of points sounds like the absolute worst possible method . 
  it has the worst of both point buy and of rolling . 
  detractors of rolling claim it is unfair that one player can he weaker for a whole campaign because of one unlucky roll at the very start . 
  this system would keep that problem . 
  detractors of point buy note that it feels overly gamey and prone to munchkins and min/maxing . 
  this system would have that even worse than raw point buy . 
  what . 
  the . 
  the member for western australia ( / u/3fun ) is in order . 
  there is no point of order . 
  2 year contracts and subsidised or free phones are pretty common in australia , and they do n't fuck you over by making you pay to be the * recipient * . 
  do what , where ? 
  someone in my year did a macro-economics topic . 
  he was a fantastic economics student , but ended up with a mediocre result on his ee . 
  his supervisor now recommends against doing an econ ee on anything other than micro . 
  g is the worst letter for ambiguity . 
  the hard-g vs. soft-g `` gif '' debate is well known , of course , but i 've just recently listened to some audiobooks where the narrator ( john pruden working for audible frontiers ) pronounced the gs in `` fungi '' and `` sigil '' the opposite of how i do . 
  i 'd say fungi with a hard g , and sigil with a soft one . 
  pruden does the inverse . 
  it 's a stupid letter . 
  hard, 
  the member for western australia is * warned * . 
  withdraw this statement and refrain from any further . 
  the question is not relevant . 
  i call the next question . 
  i * name * the member for western australia under 94 ( a ) . 
  the question is proposed : that the amendment be agreed to . 
  members may debate this motion until 1200 , 2/12/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page for debate on amendment, 
  the question is proposed : that the amendment be agreed to . 
  members may debate this motion until 1200 , 2/12/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  ~ ~ give your speeches as a reply to this comment ~ ~ debate it below , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  ~ ~ each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . ~ ~, 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page for debate on amendment, 
  surely you meant to say '' ( < 50 pages ) '' , no ? 
  i thought it being urgent meant it goes straight to a vote ? 
  by leave , the question is proposed : that the motion be agreed to . 
  members may debate this motion until 1200 , 2/12/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . 
  leave may be denied . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page ` for debate on simple rules bill ', 
  ah right, 
  whoops . 
  that 's what i get for copying and pasting my posts from previous comments ... 
  by the way , a tie against a dc means that they * succeed * . 
  however , if it 's a contest ( two people each trying to do things that are at odds with one another , for example grappling , which is a strength ( athletics ) check against either strength ( athletics ) or dexterity ( acrobatics ) ) , a tie means that the least change occurs ( in the case of a grapple , the grapple fails , if one was trying to open a door and the other was trying to keep it shut , it would stay shut , if two people were both trying to grab a ring off the floor , nobody would get it ) . 
  the question is proposed : that the amendment be agreed to . 
  members may debate this motion until 1200 , 2/12/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  debate it below , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page, 
   listen to gray [ sic ] , stop listening to podcasts, 
  which is it ? 
  listen to grey , or stop listening to podcasts ? 
  they 're literally the opposite thing !, 
  / r/retiredxkcd ? 
  were n't you removed from the house ? 
  it 's not so much that they do n't have detect evil , as the fact that 5e fixed alignment in general ( or , rather , it continued the `` fixedness '' of alignment forward from 4e , while bringing back the 3x3 grid of alignment from previous editions ) . 
  the spell detect evil and good does n't detect alignment , it detects only those creatures most directly associated with evil and good : fiends , celestials , and the like . 
  kinda makes the spare the dying cantrip useless , though . 
   i just do n't like anything that can render a player powerless for an indefinite amount of time . 
  never , * ever * play call of cthulhu . 
  yeah true . 
  i took spare the dying as one of my book of shadows cantrips , and as a low-wis character it 's certainly come in handy a couple of times . 
  but for the most part , is n't it a cleric-only spell ? 
  so it should rarely be of much use , since most clerics should have pretty good wisdom . 
  podcatchers generally have options to play back podcasts at higher speed . 
  i listen to grey 's podcasts at 2x ( and most of my other podcasts at more like 2.4 -- 2.6 x ) . 
  yeah my bad . 
  i was about to do one thing and then changed my mind and forgot to update the first half of the sentence . 
  should 've been to direct him to leave . 
  the member for western australia will refrain from interrupting . 
  meta : if you 're asking questions without notice , ask them as their own question , not as a reply to a different one . 
  also this question is hardly one worthy of a response anyway . 
  reason no . 
  36 i want this show to join the arrowverse : more t.o. 
  morrow ( thanks to him presumably still being alive in earth-1 ) . 
  no vibe is in the flash . 
   we all knew it was going to be him , the dramatic effect was superfluous, 
  i did n't know it would be him ... 
  but i agree , playing the pronoun game is annoying . 
   i have to ask you guys , is any human really that dense ? 
  also , they completely ignored the fact that winn used `` your cousin '' as a clue for `` superman '' .
