  what teachers are is , regardless of what you seem to think , an * extremely * important part of the development of people and of society . 
  their education will affect how they see things in later life , and how successful they can be , as well as many other things . 
  all this is ignoring the fact that , even if they are n't specifically employed specifically to do so , a good teacher does have important impacts on their students in ways not directly tied to the education itself . 
  i 'm curious as to how one could make a statement that all maths teaching is bad . 
  i would 've thought that in order to call one set of teaching bad , there must exist some form of good teaching to compare it to , so forgive me if i 'm a little confused . 
  based purely in the results , i would have to say that the korean method is probably a very good one , although i do n't know enough about it to make a fair evaluation . 
  i would argue that the ib curriculum for mathematics sets itself up very well for good teaching , although it does rely on a good teacher in addition to that . 
  it is perhaps a little too demanding , and could do with one or two less units ( especially the option topic/paper 3 ) , but on the whole i think it is set up very well . 
  but as i said , i 'm not entirely sure what it is you mean , so i 'm probably evaluating this wrong . 
  the other uses of * you * could be interpreted like this , but your very first sentence is very clearly personal , leading the others to be interpreted as such , also . 
   but you 're not, 
  perhaps that should read, 
   but they 're not, 
  that would have cleared it up . 
  the rest of your argument is , quite frankly , terrible . 
  you do n't think pay should be at all related to how important their job is ? 
  obviously someone more skilled at the same job should be paid more , but what of base or average pay for a job ? 
  i think -- and i 'd like to believe that many others agree ( partially confirmed based on the fact that you 've been down voted , even if it does go against reddiquette ) -- that import jobs in society and for the economy do deserve to be paid more on average . 
  under this method , most teachers are incredibly poorly paid in western society . 
  i can say very confidently from experience that most teachers do work for more than the time specified in their contract . 
  it is a * necessity * in order to get the job done . 
  at my school teachers are required to be at school from 7:30 till 4:00 , except on fridays where they get off at 3 . 
  however , on top of this they * are * required to do at least one extra-curricular activity ( not that this should make a significant difference . 
  especially a music teacher like hugdispenser , where many music-related ecas are expected if not specifically required . ) . 
  they also frequently have to do work at home , or stay at school late ( or , in some cases , both ) to get the marking and lesson preparation done . 
  if you do n't think that this much is true , it is quite frankly impossible to have a reasonable debate about any of the other factors . 
  exactly . 
  the victim of murder is n't able to experience anything anymore . 
  they no longer exist . 
  remember , that it was a test is the explanation of op 's female friends , and not necessarily something the actual girl in question was doing . 
  it could be any number of other reasons that she 's not going on another date . 
  there are perks in both light and heavy armour that decrease the amount of damage received when wearing them . 
  you can also survive better if you can kill better , so there 's that . 
  when you talk about having two choices , are you referring to when you, 
  [ whether or not you kill the person that gave you the order to execute the emperor ] ( / d ), 
  the straw that broke the camel 's back , so to speak . 
  if they want mounted combat to be like m&b , they 'd have to completely rework all combat . 
  the reason it works so well in m&b is how specific it is , with the four different attack directions etc. 
  if they did n't implement a system this complicated in skyrim , but just made mounted combat mostly the same as normal combat is currently , then mounted combat would be way op . 
  what happens when you * do n't * do it ? 
  the only way i 've played is to do what he asks . 
  sorry , this is both the passacaglia and fugue . 
  fugue begins at 8:23, 
  you have to be narcissistic to post videos of you doing what you love on youtube ? 
  the exact wording on light armour for the lowest level skill `` agile defender '' is `` increase armor rating for light armor by x % '' , where you can invest up to 5 skill points in it , with the percentage increasing each time . 
  there 's probably something similar in heavy armour . 
  they also each have different bonuses for wearing full light/heavy armour , and not weighing anything or slowing you down when worn . 
  yeah , her inability to access the spiritual side of being the avatar has been a major point of contention for her . 
  definitely not a deus ex machina . 
  i do n't , because the entire season has been attempting to build up to that moment . 
  rubbish , i 'm a nitrogen bender , and i can attest that bending * does * apply to the periodic table . 
  this is exactly what i was thinking of . 
  wow i definitely wan na try these on my ipod touch !, 
  now if only ios let you set a different background for different pages ... ( btw , does anyone know if android has this capability , and is easy to implement ? ), 
  as a student who , for reasons i do n't feel like specifying , spends a lot of time around teachers , i can say with very confidently that at the schools i 've been to , the vast majority of teachers work hours well outside what is specifically required . 
  this is especially true around the time reports are due . 
  the schools you 've experienced may have been different , but i feel confident that they are not the norm . 
  just a heads up , the iphone-sized ones have to stretch for a retina display device . 
  it 's probably better for people if they shrink the images to fit a non-retina than to stretch a smaller image onto a retina-display . 
  640 x 960 is the size of the retina-display iphone and ipod touches . 
  could i also request a large wallpaper-sized one with a 1.6 ratio ? 
  something like 1920 x 1200 ? 
  if not i can just crop the 1080p-hd-sized one . 
  again , you are definitely the most awesome person in this subreddit !, 
  haha it 's not a problem to me , my ipod touch is pre-retina . 
  it was just a heads up in case other people do run into problems with it , 
  still , thanks !, 
  there 's still the bit about nearly 1/3 of south koreans not believing in evolution . 
  westerners believe all sorts of stupid fables too . 
  walking under a ladder , breaking a mirror , spilling salt/throwing it over your shoulder , the phrase `` touch wood '' . 
  honestly , fan death is no worse than those . 
  nope , it 's completely true . 
  he did it while he was piloting his fighter jet , and reciting from memory every phone number in north korea . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  i do n't understand , why are we putting letters into binary numbers ? 
  also , how do either 0b1010011010 or the guy 's username translate to 666 ? 
  they do n't follow my understanding of binary ... 
  i 'm so glad my clarinet is small enough to hand carry . 
  it 's not that hard to find jon . 
  even better , get in to podcasts or audiobooks . 
  they were just made for these sorts of situations . 
  at least this was a situation where * le * makes some sense ... 
  the computer tips are nice and all , but i think you 're probably preaching to the choir , so to speak . 
  if you do it yourself , you could always take photos or video of you doing it ( or have someone else do it , anyway ) . 
  i do n't hate people , i just hate all men , and all women . 
  i 'm not misanthropic , just misandric and misogynistic . 
  based only on his given definition , heinlein 's razor is an extension of hanlon 's . 
  oh of course , it 's a single number / facepalm, 
  i was thinking it would be 00000110 repeated three times ... 
  could you also explain why the bytes seem to be 4 bits each ? 
  i thought computers used 8-bit bytes ? 
  or do we just not need to put all the zeros in front ? 
  the simple fact is we do n't know whether it was citizens or plainclothes officers . 
  we do n't know now , and unless china has unreleased documents ( unlikely ) , we never will know . 
   could n't give two shits, 
  ftfy, 
  by the way , i get around my dislike of being in photos by being the photographer . 
  except that every damn instant messenger behaves the same way . 
  why does skype get all the hate for it ? 
  except that the function in this programme is exactly the same as every other im client .
