  but the thing they both have in common , that adventure time lacks , is that they really take themselves seriously . 
  to get into them , you have to actually be into them , there 's no `` lul so random '' aspect that might help some people get eased in to the show . 
  for me , that 's a good thing . 
  yeah , i have a few friends who used to be super in to it , but over the last few years all of them have started saying that the writing quality has gone down ( they usually blame the newish showrunner , steven moffat , who took over in 2010 , for being shortsighted , or something ) . 
  so i 'm hearing a lot less hype over it from then . 
  it probably peaked in my circles around 2010 or 2011 , and i 've been hearing less and less since then . 
  so , i have n't watched an * enormous * amount of anime , but i 've watched a small selection from a relatively wide number of types . 
  i watched pok\u00e9mon as a kid , but since growing up i have n't been able to get back into it . 
  same with dbz and digimon . 
  more recently , i 've tried naruto ( which i thought was just utterly terrible ) , attack on titan ( which had this one bit at the end of the first episode where you 're clearly supposed to be really sad , but i just could n't bring myself to feel anything , the characters just felt so terribly developed that i did n't care about them or their feelings ; it also had a really shitty plot hole regarding time skips ) , and one other . 
  the name of the last one i ca n't remember , but it involved this guy arriving in a city and being taken in by a family who later turned out to want to kill him , and had already killed his friends . 
  he was then rescued by this girl who stands on invisible wires ( i assume that this bit gets explained later on -- if not , that was weird as fuck ) . 
  that last one was n't bad , and if it were n't for the annoying style of their voice acting and art style ( which i find is universally bad among most non-child-oriented anime ) , i could probably get in to it and keep watching . 
  oh , i also watched a tiny amount of an anime about swimming , and one about volleyball . 
  but those were mainly because i was sitting in the room with my sister as she watched them , because she 's really into anime . 
  i feel confident enough in saying that i do n't enjoy anime . 
  i 'm sure there 's stuff out there i could enjoy . 
  in particular i 've never seen studio ghibli stuff . 
  but the vast majority of anime has some particular qualities about it that define the medium , and that can easily turn off some viewers , such as myself . 
  when they said `` western flicks '' , i assume they mean `` flicks out of western countries '' and not movies set in the wild west , about cowboys or what have you . 
  ah fair enough . 
  attack on titan was the first anime i tried watching a full episode of from the very beginning of the show ( apart from whatever i watched as a kid ) . 
  i hated it . 
  there 's this bit at the end of the first episode where you 're clearly supposed to feel sad . 
  one of the major characters certainly does . 
  but i just felt like i did n't care enough about this character to be able to empathise with them . 
  the show had n't gotten me to care about them enough to feel bad . 
  there was also this bit where it said on screen something along the lines of `` 5 years later '' or something like that . 
  i do n't remember exactly . 
  but then right afterwards , the events that occured were clearly only a few * hours * later in-universe . 
  i guess that 's * probably * explained in some way later on , but that kind of writing is n't mysterious . 
  it does n't lead to intrigue . 
  it 's just shitty confusion for the audience . 
  urgh the amount of reality television on here is just so stupid . 
  they 've got the block , and they 've got this one other renovation show . 
  and now they 've got one where they 're pitting the winners of each of those against each other . 
  then there 's at least 3 or 4 singing competitions -- and that 's just the local ones , apparently we 're also getting american ones over here now , too ? 
  and there 's at least 3 or 4 cooking shows . 
  then there 's dating shows , dancing shows , general talent shows . 
  ( ninjaedit : oh , and now there 's a fucking show where you watch people watching tv . 
  what the fuck people . ), 
  why is there no good original scripted television out of this country any more ? 
  edit : oh , and there 's shows about vets , and doctors , and border security . 
  and there 's big brother . 
  and then people always just link you to the tv tropes `` seinfeld is n't funny '' page to explain why you 're bad for having that opinion . 
  yeah , i love the show , but this kinda annoys me . 
  the worst for me was when they did an absolutely fantastic episode with alex dealing with anxiety , but they never touched upon it again . 
  yeah , i love the show , but this kinda annoys me . 
  the worst for me was when they did an absolutely fantastic episode with alex dealing with anxiety , but they never touched upon it again . 
  yeah , but that was a season later . 
  i was really glad that they did it , but they should have at least touched upon it sooner . 
  yeah , that name sounds familiar . 
   you can post me any macbook specs combination and i will post you a laptop that just flat out outperforms anything you can post me , and is for half or third of the price of mac . 
  or is better in any other category you will choose, 
  okay . 
  find me a laptop that was available in 2012 with :, 
  * 2.6 ghz core i7, 
  * 1 tb hdd, 
  * 15 inch screen, 
  * intel hd 4000 and nvidia geforce gt 650 m with automatic on-the-fly switching between the two out of the box ; to save battery when using less , but still have the power for higher performance tasks, 
  * weighs around 2.5 kg, 
  * a good quality trackpad with multitouch gestures including two finger click to right-click , two finger scrolling in two dimensions , as well as having options for 3 finger gestures and pinch in and out gestures, 
  * a backlit keyboard, 
  * media buttons that at the very least allow you to adjust screen brightness , adjust keyboard backlight brightness , adjust volume ( up , down , mute ) , and adjust media playback ( play/pause , back , forward ) . 
  must work out of the box . 
  * able to get at least 6 hours of battery life even two and a half years later, 
  * good feeling build quality . 
  no shitty stickers all over it or anything like that . 
  all of that is ignoring the things that are exclusively software benefits of a mac , though obviously some involve hardware-software interaction . 
  the problem is that your perspective ignores the importance of build quality , trackpad , weight , etc. 
  this is what always happens when people try to compare macs to other computers . 
  on a laptop these aspects are * incredibly * important, 
  regarding the carbon having a better trackpad than macs , perhaps it does . 
  i ca n't find any good reviews demonstrating its capabilities , so i ca n't comment . 
  do you know of any good ones ? 
  important features , though , are that you can move around on the touchpad , and immediately press without needing to reach for a button located elsewhere . 
  i note that the x1 does have buttons elsewhere , but is the trackpad itself also a button ? 
  this is an * incredible * feature , and its utility absolutely can not be overstated . 
  also , can it do three finger gestures , or recognise pinching in and out ? 
  windows definitely does have more exclusive software than os x. 
  that 's without a doubt . 
  but better ? 
  eh , in some cases , perhaps . 
  i far prefer microsoft word for windows to word for mac or apple pages , for example . 
  and excel is universally considered massively better than numbers . 
  the specific cases i mentioned , though , definitely not . 
  like i said , i 've tried out a heap of alternatives . 
  pdf pen is the only pdf editor that i 've ever found that is just easy and pleasant to use for basic pdf editing like adding in a signature or filling out forms -- particularly where the pdf itself was n't made with built-in editable forms . 
  daisydisk is nice mainly because of the clean useful gui . 
  other tools do a decent job of the same task , but the layout of how daisydisk works is just much nicer to use . 
  i started in video editing on far more `` traditional '' video editors using traditional tracks and tools . 
  when i made the switch to finalcut pro x i was stunned . 
  it 's just so much better than anything else available . 
  sure , if you 're working on a feature-length movie production it might become a little cumbersome , but for a prosumer level where you 're putting out youtube videos or short films using * some * more advanced features , but on a smaller scale , it just blows everything else out of the water for ease of use . 
  the commenter in the other thread really nailed it . 
  you clearly just do n't know what you 're talking about here . 
  you seem to be under the delusion that even though they 're running different operating systems and different drivers , that if the ram , graphics , and processor get better specs on paper , that will universally mean it outperforms . 
  the attack on titan thing was when the group goes out to attack the titan . 
  it says something like `` 5 years later '' , but then it 's clearly only been a few hours later when the group comes back with most of them dead . 
  i do n't remember exactly , it 's been a while .
