  if you 've never * heard * it before , that 's rather unusual . 
  never heard it used in any * practical * way , though , yeah , definitely , me neither . 
  it 's probably worth noting that a litre is equal to 1 decimetre cubed . 
  i 'm wondering how you define `` more impressive '' . 
  because they use miles frequently , which always ends up with a smaller number than kilometres would . 
  also they weigh people in stones , which results in tiny numbers compared to kilos or pounds . 
  no , this should definitely be cue . 
  hear , hear . 
  but i do want to point out that the us system and the old english imperial system are not the same . 
  in the case of temperature , common distances ( the english system has a lot more than just mile , foot , and inch , but the values for those are equal ) and weights ( again , england has far more than just pounds ) , they watch up . 
  there are some units , however , that are completely different values with the same name . 
  the gallon is perhaps the one that people are most like to use which is unequal , but many measurements are , too . 
  the accepted use of rankine is indeed with degrees . 
  but it should n't be . 
  as the person i replied to implied , degrees should be used for relative scales . 
  fahrenheit and celsius are relative , because their 0s are at arbitrary locations . 
  in both rankine and kelvin , 0 is absolute zero . 
  thus , they are both absolute scales , and so should not use degrees . 
  you could n't use resident of the us , because not all residents are citizens , and not all citizens are residents . 
  as an australian , fuck the australian continent . 
  it 's oceania to me ( though this is not what i was taught in primary school ) . 
  us-onion . 
  us as in the pronoun . 
  death to all americans !, 
  ^ ^ ^ except ^ ^ ^ those ^ ^ ^ from ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ united ^ ^ ^ states, 
  i 'm gon na be completely honest , while i understand that there are different ways of referring to continents , and i know a large number of people do consider north and south america a single continent , and i know that these people are not * wrong * , it makes no sense to me . 
  these same people will happily refer to asia and europe as separate continents , despite the fact that they have miles upon miles of border . 
  the americas are separated by a thin isthmus that could be crossed in a single day . 
  the 6 continent model with the americas as a single continent just seems completely illogical to me . 
  it would make far more sense to have a 5 continent model ( with eurasia and the americas ) , a 6 continent model ( with eurasia ) or the 7 continent model used in most of the world . 
  for what it 's worth , i prefer the 6 continent model with eurasia . 
  i want to emphasise , though , i definitely do n't think you 're * wrong * . 
  it just ... does n't make sense to me . 
  to relate it back to the op , i 've seen a bunch of markers around the place here in brisbane showing where the 2011 floods reached , as well as where the '83 floods reached . 
  fear of larger animals is one thing that i 'm glad to never have to worry about here in australia . 
  yo bot , that 's not a jpeg . 
   are eladrin even a thing, 
  yeah . 
  player 's handbook says eladrin live `` for over 300 years '' , while elves live `` to be well over 200 years old '' . 
  with humans having an average life span of 75 ( according to phb ) , that would mean 1 eladrin year is about 4 human years , and 1 elf year is about 2.66 human years . 
  the 100 year old elf would , by this metric , be about 37 . 
  ( figures taken from 4e phb . ), 
  well , if anything it 'll come to the us earlier than australia . 
  so if we only have the aussie release date , it 's possible that the us date could be earlier . 
  [ what was that about dora ? 
  ] ( http://www.collegehumor.com/video/6874662/dora-the-explorer-and-the-destiny-medallion-part-1#!bmgq5c ), 
  wait what ? 
  it was only 4 years ? 
  felt like * soo * much longer than that ... 
  torrents  streaming, 
  up until this year , we got most of the marvel cinematic universe films ahead of the us . 
  i remember seeing iron man 3 , and being surprised a month later when a sudden influx of posts about it reached reddit . 
  i 'm like ... why is this happening a month after the film came out ? 
  ( then i looked it up and found the release dates . ), 
   even if it is n't avatar , i 'd still watch their new show because it 's dreamworks animations, 
  this works equally well . 
  i mean , not everything they do is great ( chicken run , anyone ? 
  ) , but then they 've got things like prince of egypt , shrek , and how to train your dragon , which are fantastic . 
  yeah , i really take issue with the undertones of that comment . 
  he seems to be implying that anyone who gets swooped must be , in some way , at fault . 
  that 's definitely not true . 
  if i need to get from a to b , and the quickest ( by a large margin ) route takes me through magpie territory , it is in no way my fault that the buggers decide to attack me . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing that study , if it 's a good quality one . 
  i just saw a video where a group of people tested it and it agrees with what you just said , but their video seemed far from scientific . 
  looked like just one particular magpie in one particular area , and they seemed to only test each method once . 
  [ the bernstein gif is in the compilation gif on that page ] ( http://www.sinfinimusic.com/media/4427499/compil.gif ) . 
  if there 's an animal attacking people and causing harm completely unprovoked in the middle of a city , i say * good * . 
  as far as i 'm aware , it 's only a small percentage of magpies that swoop , so it would n't be harming the species as a whole too much . 
  they 're a menace , and i would see nothing wrong with removing them as a threat . 
  do you not think that for bad guys you should also include zhao ? 
  i assume you mean `` in * their * picture '' , but more importantly , i 'm not entirely sure what you mean . 
  i 'd guess that you 're saying that contained within the image you posted , there is one of the images displayed on the loading screens in mount & blade , an example of which is [ this one ] ( http://mthec.files.wordpress.com/2009/01/mount-blade.jpg ) . 
  if that 's correct ... i do n't see it . 
  i mean , the chariot and horses certainly sem to have a vaguely similar design scheme to that of m&b , but it does n't resemble any of the loading screens i 'm familiar with . 
  could you point it out for me ? 
  ah right . 
  yeah , i knew it was simplified , but i was n't sure of the details , so i did n't want to go into it too much . 
  the existence of `` cantrips '' that actually function more like 4e 's at-wills than 4e and earlier 's cantrips ( though i realise 5e also has those kinds ) is a definite bonus . 
  it 's just a shame they had to bring back some of the spell preparation/spell slot stuff . 
  ah yeah , i can see that now . 
  that 's my feeling , too . 
  i was just googling something because i just watched a movie that i wanted help understanding , and a couple of the links that came up were from that subreddit ( presumably about the book version of the movie ) . 
  one of the links did n't have a cached version on google . 
  the title made it seem like it 'd be a good read , too . 
  one point of not banning it is that it means that all the * good * content that was in there is now unavailable . 
  more likely the age ranges vary from edition to edition . 
  75 was the average human lifespan according to dnd 4e handbook , and the age ranges i quoted for elves an eladrin were similarly taken from that handbook . 
  were the novels you read dnd based ? 
  i did n't realise there were any . 
  how so ? 
   there is no continent called `` america '', 
  this is just plain wrong . 
  to most english speakers , sure , the two are separate continents . 
  but because the definition of a continent is vague , there is no way anyone can definitively say that they are * wrong * . 
  any claim to the contrary ** is ** , however , wrong . 
   do people from north or south america refer to themselves or identify as members of their continents , the way that africans , europeans or asians do ? 
  i ca n't really tell if this is meant to be sarcastic or not , but in case it is n't , i really do n't think many do . 
  i 've known a lot of asians and europeans ( grew up in asia going to schools with a lot of europeans ) , and i do n't think once have any of them said anything that would seem to indicate they identify with the continent . 
   you are a contrarian, 
   you are never contrarian,
