  pretty interesting from a `` oh yeah , that 's kinda cool '' standpoint , but not like i 'm ever going to actually go in . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge threads . 
  also consider looking at / r/dndhomebrew to see if your request has an answer there . 
  best of luck . 
  personally i think aoe2 also needs a remake . 
  i find it * close * to unplayable myself ( while aoe1 is just absolutely truly unplayable ) . 
  i do n't really want a remade aoe 1 , i want a new age of empires-style game , designed with the same basic design ethos that ensemble used to have , set in the same time period ( late prehistory until rome ) as age 1 . 
  anyway , things i would want out of an updated age 1 game :, 
  * gridless system for building , \u00e0 la aom , aoe3, 
  * 3d engine , mainly so that rotating is possible , as well as just being a generally better experience, 
  * updated graphics . 
  this is a no brainer . 
  ( and none of that fucking cartoonish low-poly shit that 's seemingly popular these days . 
  i like the realism that aoe has always strived for . ), 
  * better pathfinding . 
  * better ai settings . 
  hard should ideally be as hard as possible for a human . 
  easy should be easy , but not totally retarded . 
  ( unlike aok , where your choices are between incredibly hard and utterly stupid , and there 's not much middle ground . ), 
  * unit and upgrade queueing . 
  ( \u00c0 la aom and aoe3 , not the dumb clumsy version of aok . ), 
  * more variety among the different cultures . 
  in aoe 1 and 2 , everyone feels like slight variations of the same basic thing . 
  aom and aoe 3 make everything feel truly unique and interesting . 
  * a little * something * extra for spice . 
  some interesting mechanic that 's just a bit * different * . 
  aom had god powers and age 3 had the home city , for example . 
  * not shit farms . 
  * not shit gates . 
  aok would benefit from all the above as well , but since it 's already a bit better than age 1 ( farms at least have a * little * bit of not-shitness , even if they 're still worse than later games , and gates at least * exist * ) , it 's not in as urgent need of it . 
  i 'm watching the conductor as well . 
  she 'll probably be noticeably angry at them , which is as good as a cue !, 
  but more seriously , i 'm also listening for things like chord changes , and i 've got more than one cue in the back of my mind . 
  except when i 'm playing in musicals , this is usually a subconscious thing that just happens , i do n't set out to use this technique . 
  it naturally occurs as we practise the piece and i get used to hearing it as a whole . 
  haha i just had a look at the score for that piece . 
  brilliant !, 
  requires three percussionists , two of whom play essentially one note in the entire piece -- at the same time !, 
  talk about poor economy of resources . 
  would the trianglist not have been helping you there ? 
  i 've been good friends with percussionists and i 've always known them to be the sort who would help each other play at the right time , especially in a piece like that where they both have to enter simultaneously . 
  the word you were going for is cornet , but since the mahler 6 score does n't call for cornet , i think it 's just one of those german rotary trumpets . 
  paintable farms ? 
  i actually do n't know what that is . 
  aom and aoe3 have farms that work just like aoe and aok , it 's just that you do n't have the busy work of keeping them alive . 
  they 're just infinite . 
  personally i 'm more partial to the rfc date standard , specifically rfc822 and rfc2822 . 
  they 're not good formats for storing dates , but they 're great for displaying it to users in a logical , readable format . 
  the iso standard is perfect for storing things . 
   there 's a debate apparently about whether it was meant to be there, 
  really ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i love scholarly debates about orchestration choices !, 
  what 's the common argument for it not being intended ? 
  seems a little far fetched to me that it would n't be , considering the alternative was to have no extra parts for percussionists produced at all . 
  wow definitely does n't count as a main series game . 
  i 'm not very familiar with the ff franchise , so i wo n't comment on that . 
  although the fact that they 're numbered in order is a fairly good indicator that the creators intended them as part of the main series . 
  the elder scrolls main series games are open world single player rpgs , and they generally run in order , chronologically . 
  the fact that it 's an mmo and that it 's set so far out of the normal gameplay timeline is what excludes it from being main series . 
  as for whether or not it counts as the series still being alive , that 's somewhat more debatable . 
  wow is still being developed , but i do n't think many of the old warcraft fans of the rtss would say it 's still alive . 
  for tes , i think a more convincing argument is the fact that skyrim has been kept up to date , and there 's been no indication from the devs that they * do n't * plan on returning to tamriel once they 've got whatever the next new ip is out . 
  it 's if they repeatedly put out a heap of new games in different ips , or they 're dissolved entirely , that i would declare the franchise dead . 
  urgh , that 's what i get for reading the title but not checking the link itself . 
  / r/classicalmusic/comments / 19f21k/the _ infamous_hammer_blow_from_mahler_6 / c8ni0da / ( the link to which i found [ here ] ( / r/gifs/comments / 27f9ly / _ / ci09r58 ) ) . 
  but apparently `` the ring without words is a maazel arrangement of wagner . 
  the original wagner does not use the `` mahler 6 '' hammer . '', 
  is it just me or does the percussionist there look a little like lenny ? 
  maybe it 's just the hair . 
   i do n't like in aoe3 the removal of mills, 
  but they did n't remove mills ? 
   your argument is bad and all you 're doing is digging your heels in because you made an erroneous statement and do n't want to be proven wrong, 
  no , i 'm defending a statement that 's pretty universally regarded as true in the elder scrolls community . 
  you 're making up a bunch of shit arguments based on different games which all have their own differing definitions of `` main series '' , which i ca n't speak to since i 'm not a player of any of those . 
  it 's important to note that not being main series * does n't * make it a bad game . 
  i know eso got a lot of hate , but i absolutely loved it right from the beta . 
  it 's just that it 's not a part of the main tes series , in the same way that battlespire and redguard are not , or age of mythology is not part of the main series of age of empires , or beyond earth and alpha centauri is not part of the main civilisation series . 
  might be something from mass effect 1 or 2 . 
  i do n't actually know what from those was dlc and was was core , since i played them both with all dlc from the beginning . 
  i definitely * think * that all the story-dlc was very good , though . 
  but for something that i know for certain was dlc , it would have to be dawnguard . 
  vampires and werewolves are nice , i guess , but mostly it brought out the best , most fully-realised non-player character , in the entire game of skyrim , by far . 
  probably in the entire tes franchise . 
  and the peek it gave us into one of the greatest historical mysteries the world of tamriel holds was amazing . 
  definitely agree . 
  serana is like , the only npc in the entire game who has an actual personality . 
  possibly the most fully-realised character in tes . 
  not an enormously high bar to pass , to be fair , but it 's still nice . 
  she stands out like a cool oasis in a large , dry desert . 
   but the fundamental argument is that the elder scrolls series was dead because they had n't put out a mainline game since 2011, 
  that 's not the argument * i * was making . 
  some other dude said that . 
  i was merely pointing out that their reasoning was not * entirely * off base . 
  wrong conclusion , but from a premise that had some merit . 
  i do not consider tes a dead franchise by a long shot . 
  if , in a decade from now , eso is still alive , but no other tes main line games have come out , then i might be arguing tes is dead . 
  but i do n't think that 's going to happen .
