  i definitely agere with the reason that you prefer 4e , though . 
  to me , i 've always loved the fact that it has a comparative lack of non-combat structure . 
  while some may say that this encourages dungeon crawling and a lack of roleplay , i say just the opposite . 
  it encourages the dm to roll with the rule of cool . 
  it gives the dm freedom to decide how cool ideas play out mechanically . 
  and i think that gives you far more freedom than if there were rules describing how things should go in that situation . 
  yeah it 's pretty much the same here . 
  it 's not hard to find places that do n't support it , but the vast majority of places a person would go on a regular basis do . 
  our limit is $ 100 . 
  do n't think i 've ever heard it referred to as anything other than panadol here in australia . 
  we also use band-aid in the generic sense . 
  but then , we do n't use kleenex or hoover ( as generic terms ) , which i know are pretty common in the uk . 
  ah fair enough . 
  it may be the yanks that use kleenex . 
  but nay , my fine fellow . 
  ` tis you is the lark , for clearly the correct pronunciation is / \u02ccp\u00e6r\u0259\u02c8si\u02d0t\u0259m\u0252l / . 
  seriously . 
  this is the second cartoon pregnancy announcement i 've seen in the last 2 minutes . 
  how did this start ? 
  i was watching a long piece of music on youtube the other day , and saw the orange marks on the player indicating there were ads in the middle of the video . 
  i was braced for annoying interruptions to the music . 
  but they actually took the care to place the ads in between the movements . 
  holy fuck i was impressed by that . 
  i clicked on the ads just to show my support for someone who would place the ads in the right place like that . 
  i do n't even remember what the ad was for . 
  yeah , i think most places have a limit on price , but it varies from place to place . 
  20 pounds in the uk , $ 50 in canada , and $ 100 here in aus . 
  with that $ 100 value it may still not be enough for that tv , but most standard shopping and meals will be fine . 
  holy fuck $ 17 ? 
  why even bother having it at that price ? 
  in the uk it 's # 20 , in canada it 's $ 50 ( according to what i 've read in this thread ) and here in aus it 's $ 100 . 
  us it a potential security risk ? 
  sure . 
  but if it gets exploited , visa and my bank have liability , not me . 
  i can never lose money from it . 
  and besides , i 've carried it with me everywhere since i got it , and it has never once been exploited . 
  if you 're really worried , it 's worth noting that multiple cards in close proximity cause each other not to work properly . 
  between my student id , my transportation card , my two debit cards with paywave and paypass ( the visa and mastercard trademarks for contactless payment , respectively ) , and my phone ( whose case doubles as my wallet ) with nfc , the signal would be far too messy to be worth anything . 
  if you 're really , really paranoid , get a lead lined wallet or something , that 'll let you keep all the convenience of the awesome payment system and completely negate the already minuscule security risks . 
  oh fair enough . 
  when you used dollars i assumed that 's what you were actually talking about , did n't realise you had just converted it for us . 
  i take it cost of living in -- poland , is it ? 
  -- is comparatively low when taken alongside the uk or australia ? 
   they 're still stuck on that shitty slideshow framerate of 25/50 hz though over in europe, 
  you mean that framerate that 's so close to that beautiful filmic 24 you do n't even need to bother with interpolation to watch films ? 
  it 's also what we use in oceania and the vast majority of asia . 
   beautiful ? 
  more like disgusting . 
  film framerates are absolutely terrible . 
  that 's your opinion , and one very much * not * shared by many people , outside perhaps of those arguing loudly about video game framerates a while back , who for whatever reason think the same arguments apply here . 
  ( hint : they do n't . ), 
   and why the shit are you trying to watch films on tv anyway ? 
  that 's why we have blu-ray . 
  tv is for tv content . 
  i 'm not i do n't watch anything on tv . 
  i download movies and shows alike . 
  but certainly when movies do appear on tv , i 'd prefer them to be as close as possible to the original . 
   50 hz is only used in the shitty asian countries . 
  japan and south korea have had the good sense to use 60 hz . 
  wow , calling the vast majority of asia , and a majority of the * world 's population * `` shitty '' is an extremely narrow-minded thing to do . 
  honestly after reading that i do wonder why i others dignifying this with a response at all . 
  eh i would n't worry about it too much . 
  you certainly were n't wrong by any means . 
  you are , it 's 21 . 
  easiest way is to set your cursor at the s in `` see '' , press ctrl/command-f , and count how many times you press enter before you reach the end of his comment . 
  edited meant ctrl/cmd-f , not s. 
  looks more like a bunch of tengwar ` l 's in a mirror to me . 
  yeah sorry , meant f , not s. ( for `` find '' . ), 
  edited to fix . 
   unless your group is devoted , and able to look through their often long list of abilities and arbitrary modifiers very quickly to make decisions and move along , the combat can take a very , very long time, 
  absolutely , fully agree . 
  this is the reason that when/if i run a game for people who are n't typical gamers , i will probably use 5e , despite vastly preferring 4e myself . 
   all classes `` feel '' the same in combat , magic items are far too common, 
  the first argument is pure bullshit made up by people who clearly have not had extensive experience with the game , or who just do n't like the method by which it * fixed * some serious problems dnd had in other versions ( and , unfortunately , 5e has gone back to , though not quite as bad as before ) . 
  as an example , a first level fighter in 5e basically has one option in combat , `` i hit it with my sword '' , which is so much less fun than the cool moves you get in 4e . 
  the second one is really down to the dm . 
  my group certainly does play with a lot of magic items because they 're really cool and you can get a lot of flavour stuff out of them , and personally i do n't understand why someone would count it as a bad thing to have too many magic items . 
  but certainly it would n't be hard to play a game with a low level of magic , if that 's what the dm wanted to do . 
   want to have heavy rpg elements where combat takes a backseat but you still feel like you 're getting the most out of the system ? 
  5e is definitely better than 4e in this respect . 
  want a nice balance of badass fighting and character developing stories ? 
  that 's what 5e was made for . 
  definitely do n't agree here . 
  i would n't necessarily say that 5e is * bad * in any way at this , but i would rebuke the idea that 4e * is * . 
  4e has a comparative lack of rules when it comes to non-combat stuff , and to me this is a strength . 
  less specific rules means more felxibility for the dm to roll with the so-called `` rule of cool '' , and just let players do stuff that sounds fun . 
  if players come up with a roleplaying idea , the dm can come up with some appropriate mechanics for it on his own , in a way that seems fitting to what the players want to do , rather than needing to make it fit with mechanics as laid out in the rulebooks . 
  it just feels like the comparitive lack of mechanical focus outside of combat improves flexibility , rather than hindering it . 
  the first time i used eclipse it was for writing python . 
   in addressing the question of whether it is better to be loved or feared , machiavelli writes , `` the answer is that one would like to be both the one and the other ; but because it is difficult to combine them , it is far safer to be feared than loved if you can not be both . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_prince ), 
  no , that 's not how it is now . 
  right now , on most airlines , you have a fixed total checked baggage limit . 
  usually a value around 20 kg , but it does vary . 
  they have rules on the size that carry on can be , but it is * very * rarely enforced . 
  i do n't think i 've had them ask me to weigh my backpack since i was 12 . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  you usually get a checked luggage limit * total * of 20 kg . 
  if you have multiple passengers on the same ticket , then you get 20 kg * number of passengers , and you can split that as you wish , though usually at about 25 kg in any one bag they 'll ask you to rearrange stuff . 
  not really .
