  simply pronouncing it does n't bother my nearly as much as this . 
  i never knew it was a south-east asian thing . 
  i first heard it when i was living in korea , but never in such a way that i thought it was particularly asian ( let alone se-asian , which korea is not ) . 
  interesting fact ( well , to me , anyway ) , the first [ 48 hour film project ] ( http://48hourfilm.com/en/about/history.php ) in vietnam 's required line of dialogue was `` same same , but different '' . 
  which reminds me , i need to get off reddit and get back to editing my film for this year ... 
  yeah , speaking in absolutes is n't always a good thing , especially if you mean them literally . 
  when you use this phrase , however , it 's strongly implied that you are being hyperbolous . 
  not to mention that `` could care less '' just sounds * wrong * . 
  yeah , you 've just reminded me of the debate about pedalling in the first movement of beethoven 's piano sonata no. 14 `` moonlight '' . 
  personally , i love [ andras schiff ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw_dv_gnqao ) 's take on that . 
  i handle stress very well naturally , but some advice i 've heard that sounds very good is to make a list of everything that needs doing . 
  they say that if you do this you 'll realise it is n't really too bad . 
  oh , and starting on reddit two months before your exams is a really bad idea ... ( talking about myself with that one ), 
  hahaha relevant username ? 
  i did it in music . 
  a comparison of two clarinet quintets . 
  unfortunately because of the nature of the ee i got ( unfairly ) given a b. 
  had the marker been a musician that would have been unlikely . 
  i 've been told that if my school been one of the larger bigger ones with more klout , they would have launched a challenge against the result . 
  but i guess that 's what you get for doing an ee on an esoteric topic ... 
  what 's your ee on ? 
  i agree that the 9gag hate is a tad on the ridiculous side , but i want to make a comment as to why i kind of agree with it . 
  i came to reddit from 9gag . 
  that is , rather , i used and subscribed to ( in my rss reader ) the main 9gag feed for a long time before i ever really visited reddit . 
  i frequently went to the comments , occasionally voted on items , and submitted one or two myself . 
  at first it was cool , and the pictures shared were interesting . 
  after a while i started noticing a few trends on the site that i really did n't like . 
  contrary to what the op of this thread thinks , i find reddit incredibly friendly , mainly because of my prior experience on 9gag . 
  the apple hate ( something i despise on reddit ) was even worse than it is here . 
  the commentors were incredibly immature and seemed uneducated . 
  the absolute worst thing was something that came about due to the combination of the majority being south american , and the sheer immaturity of the users . 
  any time the word `` america '' was used , even in passing , in a post or comment , to refer to the united states of america , someone would inevitably comment about how they were wrong by using the word america , because america is `` a continent '' , and what they meant was usa . 
  ( a little background in case anyone reading this does n't know the truth . 
  in sa they teach a 6-continent model , in which north and south america , from the 7 continent-model taught around the rest of the world , are merged to form a continent they call america -- why they ca n't call it the americas to prevent confusion is a mystery to me , and quite frankly a bit of a pain . ), 
  what they do n't realise is that although their statements are not entirely incorrect ( due to the vagueness of the definition of continent ) , they are n't correct either . 
  they call all americans stupid for being taught incorrectly , when they do n't realise that the vast majority of the world teaches the 7-continent model . 
  this inevitably leads to long and debated fights ( they do n't deserve to be called arguments ) about which is correct . 
  most of the time someone will come in and try to explain what i just have , about how both are basically correct , but this is more often than not ignored . 
  in the end , this constant bickering got to me and i just got sick of it . 
  well , that and the constant posts about the same things ( so much stuff about bloody soccer -- sorry , `` football '' -- and being from the 90s ) made me get sick of it . 
  when i started frequenting reddit , my first few conversations were really kind and intelligent , and even if i 've gotten in a good number of the same type of arguments , that first impression has stuck with me . 
  p.s. , [ this video by cgpgrey ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubcq1x7p34 ) is a great one about the truth of continents . 
  personally , since watching it , i 've decided my opinion is either 6 or five continents . 
  i do n't understand how you can separate europe and asia , and the antarctica archipelago thing makes me unsure . 
  i definitely think grouping the americas together when you do n't * also * group at least eurasia , and maybe even afro-euroasia , makes no sense . 
  sorry for the ridiculously long post . 
  yeah , i know what you mean about grouping reddit as a whole . 
  it 's the same with 9gag , really . 
  i 've had heaps of horrible experiences , but it could occasionally be interesting . 
  i just find that that happened a lot less frequently than it does here . 
  reddit users are overwhelmingly similar on a few issues , but grouping them all together completely is so unfair . 
  seeing debates ( both polite and not-so polite ) on a variety of topics from gun control , to technology preferences , to religion really shows that not everyone shares the same opinions . 
  oh wow , that is a very cool topic . 
  and has the advantage of being ( as well as broad enough for a good range of stuff , and deep enough for a thorough analysis ) one nearly any examiner can understand and mark ( relatively ) fairly . 
  to be fair . 
  your opinions kinda suck . 
  but seriously , i know exactly what you mean . 
  edit : sorry , i just could n't help it . 
  i have a habit of making jokes at inappropriate times . 
  if you 're looking at it , chances are you 've got a reason to be . 
  the retina display is a great device if you 're willing to pay the premium for it . 
  for video editing particularly , but also photo or music , the mbpwrd is going to be a better choice than nearly any windows-based laptop . 
  the screen allows you enough space , when using fcp x , to see an entire 1080p video and have the full interface around it . 
  the same is probably more or less true ( or will be when they 're updated ) with other pro-editing suites . 
  even if you prefer the adobe suite , or another programme , the mac has advantages over windows . 
  i ca n't exactly say what it is , but it just seems to feel better when doing video editing . 
  it 's probably a placebo , but one should n't underestimate the power of the placebo effect . 
  as for upgradeability , let 's be honest , it 's a laptop . 
  how likely are you to be upgrading it very much anyway ? 
   hour-long shouting matches on why they suck, 
  so you 're not a `` macfag '' , as that guy put it ( wow that 's a horrible phrase ) . 
  you 're just as bad , only the opposite way . 
  i have a macbook pro with os x , and a gaming desktop . 
  for me , * that * is the best of both worlds . 
  not only does it allow me to use both oses , but i also get the advantages that come with two computers . 
  many people talk about how cool dual-monitor systems are , and they 're great , but for me dual-computers are so much better . 
  playing a game in one screen and browsing the web on another is impossible in a dual-monitor setup , without minimising the game constantly . 
  i agree , i hate when people say `` mac vs pc . 
  it 's mac vs windows . 
  about valve and steam , i 'm pretty sure they 've announced they will be running on linux , but never said anything about not supporting windows 8 , too . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , though . 
  if you 're still in that school during the ib diploma , head over to / r/ibo !, 
  ( actually , head over there now , if you like , though most of the talk is usually about the diploma . ), 
  i have to say , i feel that a mac laptop is easily the best choice for school work . 
  they 're the only laptop with a touchpad good enough ( at least for me ) to actually use . 
  i played portal 1 and 2 on one ( changing from left and right click to q and e ) . 
  i 've found that they 're usually a tad more rugged , and with the people in my year , the people with macs have usually found that their battery lasts longer than the people with windows . 
  the way you can just close the lid when you 're not using it , and open it instantly when you want to use it again is amazing . 
  theoretically i do n't see why you could n't get this on windows-based laptops , and i 'm sure there are some with this feature , but i 've never seen them . 
  it 's certainly not a normal feature . 
  for work , you 'll be amazed at how useful the backlit keyboard is . 
  many gaming laptops have these , that 's certainly true , but cheaper computers usually do n't . 
  all this said , windows has some definite advantage for school . 
  microsoft word for windows is vastly superior to the mac version in at least one respect which is important for school : referencing . 
  i 've found the built-in referencing tools on mac version less usable than the one on windows . 
  most people i 've talked to love the macbook keyboards , but i * can not stand * them . 
  for those two reasons , i do the bulk of my writing work on my windows-based desktop . 
  obviously this is all my opinion , but i figured you seem reasonable , and it 's always nice to get into an educated and civil discussion about this kind of thing rather than the flaming that usually happens around here . 
  congrats , by the way , on getting into that school !, 
  there are plenty who do turn it off deliberately .
