  i could do this with my old mountain bike , but it 's just too damn hard with my road bike . 
  [ like this orchestra ] ( http://youtu.be/8po7fzonp-i?t=19s ) ? 
  i swear , christoph eschenbach is professor xavier . 
  next year ; a marathon !, 
  haha . 
  i never did , so i doubt it . 
  johann might mention it to you in passing , but it should n't be anything too formal . 
  out of interest , what 's your degree in ? 
  unless bad grades were somehow the * criteria * to stay at the college , in which case one could conceivably say `` my bad grades effected my stay at college '' . 
  autocorrect rarely autocorrects to something that is n't a word at all . 
  not true !, 
  yesterday i was served by someone with a fine arts degree . 
  i would say it can be a very good thing to do . 
  having a specific goal in mind -- such as for a specific competition with a given theme -- can be a great creative tool . 
  it forces you to compose in a specific manner , which provides limitations . 
  i heard someone say once `` the enemy of art is the absence of limitations '' , and to me that certainly rings true in many ways . 
  i was just surprised it was n't the very top comment . 
  how do you think you went ? 
  you will if you come here now . 
  fuckin ' 9 degrees at the moment in brisbane . 
  i would like to add that if you care about story in the slightest , it is definitely worth picking up the first dlc . 
  that 's the only one i 've played so far , but its main story was just so amazing , and one of its characters felt like easily the deepest character i 've seen in the game . 
  no it 's the vampire/werewolf one . 
  i 'll add that in this dlc you have a choice of siding with the vampires or the vampire hunters . 
  i 've only played through it siding with the vampire hunters so far . 
  it 's possible that the character 's depth is n't quite there if you go the other way , i would n't know . 
  for the most part it 's not too different from vanilla . 
  there 's just one character that 's really deep compared to the others . 
  you also get some really cool backstory on the falmer which was really cool . 
  i mean , sure that 's nothing compared to what you 'd get in northern usa or canada during the winter , but i 'm still sitting here with my jumper and socks on feeling cold . 
  celsius , of course . 
  he \\* used to be a homophobe , i think . 
  the comment says `` used to argue against '' , which seems to be implying that he no longer does . 
  it could just be an awkward way of saying that he used to use that method to argue against it , though . 
  as an aussie it also breaks my heart . 
  i always thought of you guys as mostly like us , but somewhat more progressive , * especially * when it comes to environmental issues . 
  [ this guy presents a good argument as to why skyrim is a better game than oblivion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zuynhkal1i ) . 
  you may not agree with it , but it 's definitely worth a watch if you 're interested in the tes series . 
  this whole season i 've watched them monday night aus time . 
  by then it 's been out for a few hours after the us airing , and i 've never once had any spoilers . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  one of the biggest advantages of chrome is its powerful omnibar that lets you do searches on various websites that you visit using simple keywords . 
  for example , i 've currently got `` http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=special:search&amp;search=%s '' set to the keyword `` wp '' . 
  all i have to do is type wp followed by a space and whatever i type after that automatically becomes a wikipedia search . 
  the only part of that i had to do manually was the keyword . 
  otherwise it would require pressing tab after typing `` en.wikipedia.org '' or some part thereof . 
  so what advantage is there in downloading an extra app which is going to have to run in the background in order to do this ? 
  you 're going to have to clarify this one . 
  how would changing to an inferior recipe help their branding at all ? 
  i can conceivably see that it may not * hurt * their branding necessarily , but it could n't possibly have an actual positive effect , could it ? 
  holy shit i only just learnt that palate and palette are two different words ... 
  i thought the word to describe a person 's taste and the word to describe an artist 's board of paints was the same word . 
  to be fair , subsidies on x and tariffs on x 's competitor are very frequently discussed together in economics , so for the sake of brevity it kinda makes sense to shorten it and only explicitly talk about one of them . 
  i knew palate 's other meaning as a part of the mouth , but i must say i was n't aware that these three words shared a common etymology . 
  that 's really interesting !, 
  definitely cheaper . 
  but that was already mentioned earlier . 
  this particular instance seemed to be implying that changing the formula would improve its branding . 
  right , i get that . 
  that 's why i said it may not necessarily hurt the branding . 
  but the above comment seemed to be implying that the change was made because it would * help * their branding . 
  i ca n't see how that would happen . 
  yeah i get what you 're saying . 
  personally the depth in oblivion felt mostly the same to me as skyrim -- though admittedly i did n't get very far into it ( only about half of the main quest , the mage guild , and the thieves guild questlines , and the very beginning of the dark brotherhood ) . 
  the mechanics were significantly worse , though , with the way leveling worked . 
  i 've not played morrowind yet to comment . 
  i do plan on finishing oblivion and getting to morrowind at some point , though . 
  you went to an awful lot of effort to respond to a troll 's comment ... 
  got ta be completely honest , op had me confused for a moment . 
  the soccer was completely out of my mind because of origin . 
  shame about the result , though . 
  which one are you referring to ? 
  oh man mount and blade is such a fantastic game !, 
  that takes you to a completely different sites . 
  you can do it without leaving youtube by changing the / watch ? = stuff to / v/stuff . 
  or so i 've been told . 
  i actually have n't tried it since i just stay logged in . 
  the old reader was built as a replacement for google reader when they removed the social features a while back . 
  it works great now as a replacement for reader since that 's been removed entirely . 
  most of the video ads give you the option to skip after about 5 seconds , which is a pretty decent system imo . 
  i 've had a couple of ads that are clever enough with those first five seconds that a stay and watch the whole thing . 
  i 'm fairly sure it does n't yet support higher than30 frames per second . 
  yeah it 's a shame . 
  i 'd much rather be able to share the 1080p50 or 720p100 that comes off of my gopro than the 4k12 .5 . 
  yeah definitely . 
  most of them are awful and i just busy myself with my other screen for a few seconds while i wait . 
  but then every now and then you get a good one , and those are the ones that i watch . 
  i 've noticed movie trailers catching on a bit , though . 
  most of them now seem to only really briefly show logos and stuff before moving on to the actual trailer . 
  almost like they 're only showing the logos because they 're required to , but they do n't actually want to bother people with them . 
  not quite the best way of demonstrating your point * , but you 're right . 
  most people probably would n't know who steve wozniak is . 
  \\* if a random came up to me on the street and asked me who founded apple , i 'd probably just say steve jobs . 
  but then , if someone asked me who founded microsoft i 'd also probably just say bill gates , rather than gates and allen . 
  [ or for when the skyrim nexus does n't deliver quite enough for you ] ( http://www.loverslab.com/files/category/1-skyrim/ ) . 
  ( nsfw ), 
  here 's my take on it . 
  the ib is a better system . 
  that is just fact , as an education system , it is * far * superior to a levels . 
  but unfortunately , for most people , that is n't the most important thing .
