  some might argue that it steps on the barb 's toes . 
  i would dispute this . 
  it 's gained much later than barbs get their ability , and it 's available only to one ( already somewhat barbarian-flavoured ) subclass . 
  really nice . 
  prepare for onslaught should say `` choose a number of creatures ** up ** to your charisma modifier '' , or something to that effect . 
  you do n't want to force people to choose some enemies if they have fewer allies than char mod !, 
  with drums of war , i really like that you managed to give this class even abilities for the exploration pillar of the game . 
  i 'm not looking at the other subclasses right now , but i 'm hoping they also gain exploration abilities at level 10 , since the base class is all combat and social . 
  pile on the pain is really nice !, 
  the formatting on these battle cries and war songs does not match the phb . 
  i would suggest putting them in their own chapter so that you can format them better , with the right types of headings . 
  do the cries with damage that scales by level do so with character level , or class level ? 
  you explicitly mentioned that * prereqs * happen with class level , but there 's no mention on damage scaling . 
  reckless abandon should not capitalise `` attack '' . 
  at least , from memory , i do n't think the phb does so for similar abilities . 
  it would be worth double checking this . 
  how does your con mod impact how well you can inspire thp in your allies , for up on your feet ? 
  this flavour does n't make sense to me . 
  ( it could be your cha , or * their * con , to make sense to me ) . 
  watch your back should have a stipulation that you be able to * see * the target ally and their attacker . 
  how else could you call it out ? 
  i love the flavour text associated with * all * of the songs . 
  really lovely touch . 
  just for clarification , in this case , attack * should * be capitalised , for battle cadence , since it refers specifically to taking the `` attack '' action . 
   your rage-fueled shouts cause ~ ~ s ~ ~ your enemies to lose their will, 
  i worry that prayer of vengeance is is a lot weaker and less interesting than join or die and tempest 's fury . 
  those are both really powerful , thematically evocative effects . 
  pov is really simplistic , and does n't seem particularly powerful, 
  any of the chants that i did n't mention , i am rather happy with . 
  overall , i quite like this . 
  it 's hard to definitively say it 's `` good '' , because classes are near impossible to balance without extensive playtesting . 
  but the flavour is really great , and it does n't have many serious obvious flaws with it that i can see . 
  on first pass , to me , this seems well-balanced . 
  i 'd love to see a more polished version of this shared at a later date . 
  a lot of the wording needs a second pass , only some of which i specifically called out above . 
  read the whole thing out loud to yourself to help spot more problems . 
  some art would be brilliant !, 
  posts with a lot of art also get higher amounts of feedback , in general , so it would help you out there . 
   i 'm referring to even less humanoid more monstrous options like a hydra , dragon or roper, 
  when i was reading your first comment , i was thinking of satyrs , vampires , lycanthropes , and dopplegangers . 
  you probably should have been a little clearer !, 
  16 hours `` get this '', 
  you spelt `` k&r but also applied to function and class definitions '' wrong . 
  there is a certain logic to it . 
  function definitions being much more important , fundamental levels of code than conditionals and loops . 
  personally i do n't like the less consistent styles . 
  i use [ google 's java format ] ( https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html ) -- which follows the `` java '' style described above for braces , except that it * is * required on single statements -- nearly exactly for all aspects of my java work , ( the only exception being that tabs are clearly semantically the correct option , not spaces ) , and i use the same style for brace placement in all brace-based language programming i do . 
  could someone explain wtf is going on here ? 
  i hopped on to twitter just now ( something i do very rarely ) and suddenly see some weird thread of comments from brady about an oath , and a poll . 
  what 's the vote for ? 
  who is steve allen ? 
  i found this thread just because i googled `` lilah parsons brady haran '' , since i saw the poll was between those two . 
  hmm , i 'm not seeing anything about previous rounds . 
  what exactly was the scandal that happened in an earlier round ? 
  best i can gather , it had something to do with jerky mcjerkface ( who might be steve allen ? ), 
  and involved bot votes being used by tims . 
   he referred to grey as cdp grey and said he had no idea who brady was, 
  that does n't sound so bad ? 
  one honest mistake , and an admission that he does n't know someone else ? 
  wikipedia seems to say he 's a mainstream radio presenter , so it 's hardly surprising that he does n't know a couple of podcasters and youtube creators . 
  tbh it sounds to me like the tims were being jerks by cheating the system . 
  thanks for those links though . 
  the only links on that page that i 'm seeing ( apart from ads ) are, 
   cel spellman v james o'brien, 
  how does champion work ? 
  having trouble seeing the polls ? 
  try clicking here, 
  the difference is subtle . 
  i did n't notice it until about the third or fourth time reading over it . 
  you can cast spells of a given level as many times as you want , as long as you have points to do it . 
  you ca n't cast * the same * spell more than the number of times you would have had slots for . 
  a 5th level spellcaster has 27 points , which means at most they can cast five 3rd level spells . 
  but they would only have 2 spell slots . 
  so they can cast * fireball * twice , and they 'll still have 17 points left , but they are not allowed to cast * fireball * again . 
  instead , they could cast * counterspell * twice , and * fly * once . 
  well , there is certainly very good reason to think that leaders could think and plan longer term , if they have longer electoral terms . 
  it would allow greater strategic thinking and implementation of policies which may be initially unpopular but prove to be very worthwhile . 
  and no , we do not have a politicised head of state like they do . 
  our governor general is mostly a figurehead . 
  3 or 4 games after midnight . 
  holy shit wtf . 
  diameter has 0 games after 11 most of the time . 
   i chose charisma because i viewed the chieftain as a frightening combatant on the battle field . 
  the enemy has to overcome their fear of the chieftain in order to attack them, 
  hmm ... i 'm a little uneasy about that , but it at least makes some sense , i suppose . 
   i chose constitution beacuse when the weapons actually do make contact , the chieftain 's durable body seems to not take any damage . 
  yeah that 's totally fine . 
  makes complete sense . 
  as i said , i hope you can take another pass at this , tighten it up , and share it again . 
  it deserves a bigger audience !, 
  it 's a little too combat focussed . 
  fighter archetypes usually have at least one level where they gain a social or exploration ability , not a combat one ; particularly level 7 . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  you have to go into creating a custom instrument . 
  i 'm not in a position to listen to it right now , but [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dnfrhk8ao0 ) * seems * like it explains what you want . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options .
