  the art style was * ugly * as fuck ( the titans were obviously meant to be creepy , but it looked more like they were just really badly drawn ) . 
  more importantly , though , it had that acting style that 's so typical of anime . 
  everything is massively over-acted and exaggerated . 
  i just ca n't stand it . 
  if aot is a typical example of what you get with anime , then i definitely am not interesting in watching animes . 
  something specific to aot , though , is there 's the opening scene where they go out to fight the titans , and then there 's some text saying that they 've skipped forward a bunch of years . 
  but then the same people are coming back into the city . 
  nobody 's any older , and it 's all clearly the same day . 
  that really made no sense . 
   not much of the over exaggeration, 
  really ? 
  i found that there was way too much of that in aot for me ... 
  if it would become anything like / r/badlinguistics , fuck no . 
  / r/badx subreddits have a tendency to become extremely negative shitholes . 
  sorry for the language , but there 's really no other way to describe what those places are like . 
  eh , if they could use proper polymer money instead of that cheap rubbish cotton paper , i could easily forgive them for their spelling of colour . 
  better off copying australia in this respect . 
  decades in front of canada with the polymer bank notes , removing the 1c coin , and using $ 1 and $ 2 coins . 
  oh yeah , i totally get the advantages of animation . 
  i 'm a huge fan of avatar ( both the original and lok ) , and loved young justice before it was cancelled . 
  i 'm sure not every anime exhibits the problems that i have with the genre , i 'm just yet to see one that does n't . 
  thanks for the suggestion , i may go and ask for something when i 've got a lull in my schedule . 
  ah , that would explain why the collection of beethoven symphonies i 've got has the prometheus overture listed with the 3rd symphony . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i was under the impression that they were n't commonplace until the early 2000s . 
  australia -- never one to do things by half measures ( see : difference between australia 's conversion to metric vs. uk 's conversion ) -- switched to using the coins in the mid '80s , and the switch was very quick . 
  right now , i 'm just waiting for us to follow new zealand 's footsteps in getting rid of the 5c piece . 
  i suspect australia 's `` stolen generation '' would probably have fit under that , as well . 
  edited, 
  it 's a pretty classic example of two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  here 's an idea :, 
  since it hits on hit +5 , you could do damage-5 to wp if it only just reaches that level . 
  for each point above that , add one more to damage until it 's dealing equal damage . 
  if ac is 16 , and it rolls a 21 , and rolls 9 for damage , it would do 9 hp damage and 4 wp damage . 
  the same ac and damage roll , but with a to-hit roll of 23 would deal 9 hp damage and 6 wp damage . 
  at a to-hit roll of 26 , it would max out its wp damage and do an equal amount hp and wp . 
  or something like that , to increase realism a little more ( a more confident hit deals more damage ) , but also not being quite so punishing to players . 
  definitely want to agree with dark cloud . 
  i have n't played the sequel , but the original game was one of my absolute favourites growing up . 
  it seems that not many people know about it , though . 
  it did n't get as much attention as some other games like final fantasy , kingdom hearts , or jak and daxter . 
  it 's kind of difficult to explain , but basically there 's some really great dungeoneering with a variety of different characters , each with their own unique style . 
  there 's also an outside world that the player has to rebuild , trying to keep all the villagers happy with how he 's arranged the towns . 
  it 's got some really cool mechanics , like needing to keep water in dungeons , a bunch of different effects like poisoning and stickiness ( slows you down ) . 
  the rpg element comes largely from weapons . 
  each weapon can be upgraded and improved in a variety of different ways . 
  but be careful , because they can break if you use them too much without repairing -- leaving the weapon completely destroyed . 
  the setting and story is also really well made and engaging . 
  really great fun , and incredibly unique . 
  i highly recommend . 
  edit : forgot to mention , the music is absolutely divine . 
  probably the only game that i 've actually downloaded the whole soundtrack to and listen to it regularly . 
  i loved the spyro series growing up . 
  at least the first 3 games are some of the best 3d platformers out there , with a great set of characters and enjoyable mechanics . 
  i had the most experience with spyro 2 : gateway to glimmer , but all 3 of the original three games are great . 
  unfortunately , the later games were made by a different developer , and are nowhere near as good . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spyro_ ( series ), 
  oh man , battlefront ii is great . 
  i had it on psp , which is no where near as good , but still really fun . 
  played it on pc at a friend 's house a few times . 
  awesomeness . 
  oh holy shit summoner . 
  i remember playing that !, 
  i just noticed there 're versions for windows ( including steam and gog ) and os x ( edit : actually it says mac os , probably came out for os 9 ) . 
  do n't suppose you 've had experience with either of those ? 
  know if they run well ? 
  fuck , yes , i did . 
  that was dumb . 
  having a converter is really handy !, 
  i was planning on writing a python script to do it for me . 
  glad to know that wo n't be necessary . 
  may i ask what the parameters count and after actually do ? 
  i ca n't seem to get it to actually display a large number of comments at once . 
  i had this game on my ps2 when i lived in korea , but the game was in korean so i never knew what it was called to look it up . 
  this game is so much fun to just bash around with friends !, 
  edit : the comment was deleted for some reason , but the game was [ war of the monsters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_monsters ) . 
  eh , i can see how it could get repetitive , but i enjoyed it . 
  there were a bunch of different types of dungeon : when you complete one , you can move on to the next . 
  each one ended with a boss fight which required you to think really differently about your tactics , and then of course there 's the world building aspect . 
  sounds kinda similar to what skannerz did , only they were with barcodes . 
  they were fun as a kid . 
  the voice , i assume . 
  sure , he could lip sync , but is that really going to be convincing ? 
  a ) at least in the us , the death penalty costs more than life in prison . 
  b ) under international law , everyone has a right to a citizenship . 
  you ca n't kick someone out of their own country . 
  it 's one of the fundamental human rights . 
  hear , hear !, 
  i 'm not fine with it . 
  competitive gaming is certainly a real and fast growing event . 
  but it certainly is n't and never will be a sport , in the same way chess and poker will not be ( to the majority of people -- i am aware some people do consider these sports ) . 
  it is n't a feat of physicality . 
  esports are great and i hope to see them grow , but they are esports , not sports , and the distinction will always be there . 
  it 's less competitive because very shortly after the start you already know roughly where everyone will place at the end . 
  very little passing/overtaking goes on compared to other forms of racing . 
  it means field as in track & field ( aka athletics ) . 
  i 'm assuming that op deliberately left them out because they are n't even close to having their status questioned . 
  i used the ti-84 plus when i went through , but my school has since switched to recommending the nspire . 
  with it , though , you have to make sure that you get a permitted version . 
  15 dollar bucks ?
