  i do n't understand phone support * at all * . 
  if the person does n't need to see whatever it is i 'm getting support for , email or other text-based communication is just fine . 
  otherwise , take it in to get help . 
  where does phone support fit in that ? 
  i 'm guessing $ 50 is cheap ? 
  i 've been living in asia for the last 8 years , and before that i was far too young to know anything about the price of labour . 
  could you elaborate on that stock thing ? 
  i do n't really understand . 
  if they * do n't * have something in stock , they 'll say they * do * have it ? 
  oh , right . 
  that sounds fair enough . 
  if they do n't have what you ask for , they 'll offer alternatives ? 
  i was n't clear . 
  i never described anything about the second teacher , except how he reacted to our first teacher . 
  sheets , stories , exams , and ias were all about the first teacher . 
  yeah !, 
  that 's the one . 
  i read them from about 10 -- 13 , and i definitely did n't think they were real at that time . 
  it 's still one of my favourite series of all time , although i 've never tried going back to see how well it works for an older reader . 
  the motherfucker doth protest too much , methinks . 
  i am no motherfucker !, 
  blessed are the motherfuckers . 
  they will inherit the earth . 
  are they on amazon , maybe ? 
  what programme did you use for composing this ? 
  i have n't seen their latest commercials , but i loved the one about the people lining up , the one with the `` dude , you 're a barista '' comment . 
  i hated their big musical one that started out with the same concept , though ( the one they used for the superbowl , i think ) . 
  i hate samsung for being a cunt to [ independent ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sabl2wy1uzo ) [ journalists ] ( http://thenextweb.com/insider/2012/09/02/heres-samsung-flew-bloggers-halfway-around-world-threatened-leave/ ) . 
  i do n't like the i 'm a pc/mac commercials , because they specifically mention the other product . 
  on the other hand , i do n't mind ( a lot ) of them because they do at least try to show up the mac 's features , rather than just making fun of the competition . 
  i have n't seen samsung 's absolute latest ads , but their older one , with the `` dude , you 're a barista '' line was really funny , i thought . 
  their big musical one ( i think from the superbowl ) was terrible , though . 
  neither of these , if memory serves correctly , really specifically mention the competition ( it 's * strongly * implied , but i do n't mind that ) , but neither do they do a great job of showing up samsung 's products . 
  really ? 
  i do n't remember anything about alternate dimensions in the darren shan circque du freak saga . 
  one of his other series of books has alternate dimensions , maybe you 're confusing them ? 
  or maybe i 've just forgotten . 
  just thinking about someone else 's comments about * sourcing * stuff , you might want to try sourcing a copy of sibelius 6 ( i would recommend 7 , but i 've never found one that works ) . 
  its sounds are n't great , but there 's no need for any work , and the sounds are a lot better than these ones . 
  they showed off ios 6 at wwdc this year , and then again at the iphone 5 release . 
  yeah that was my memory of it . 
  man , when i read that ending i teared up . 
  probably the only time i can remember doing that with a book . 
  i was going to say john cage 's as slow as possible , until i read the last sentence about not beating the system . 
  after reading that , mozart 's requiem is definitely the right pick . 
  it seems to be something with beethoven . 
  the even-numbered symphonies are just nowhere near as great as the odd ones . 
  the only possibly major exception to this is the 6th , which is an early example of programmatic music , or music designed to have a specific story to it . 
  i would n't pick the 5th for this , but i agree it 's an amazing piece of music . 
  i think it 's really sad that everyone and their mother has heard the first movement , but no one really has any idea what the other three movements are like . 
  they 're all brilliant in their own way , and together it really is a masterpiece . 
  for this purpose , i 'd be more likely to say the 9th symphony , but the whole thing , not just the fourth movement . 
  i 'd pick the whole thing , too . 
  not just for the putting off dying , though ( since that 's against the rules ) . 
  i just think that the whole thing is such a great piece of music . 
  this one 's somewhat ambiguous , i think . 
  if you read it as `` an en ess eff double ewe '' , the `` an '' is correct . 
  personally i usually try to use the correct article for if the initialism was read out with its meaning , but i 'm not sure which is technically correct , if either method is . 
  i came here to post this , then i read the original post :, 
   ** do n't try to beat the system ** by picking something like `` this is the song that never ends . '', 
  op said not to game the system . 
  i 'm a huge beethoven fan , but i 'd go the mahler out of those two . 
  what he does in the third movement is brilliant . 
  as a clarinetist , i can definitely get behind this !, 
  because op specifically said not to game the system . 
  otherwise anyone would be mad not to pick this or organ ^ 2/aslsp ( as slow as possible ) by john cage . 
  haha , if you put it that way i guess it 's actually a really interesting pick . 
  i mean , it still is n't really in the spirit of what op was looking for , but it 's clever . 
  i do n't think most of the people saying this are thinking quite as insightfully as you have , though . 
  on reddit i assume 16 -- 26 , white , male , american . 
  you mean i.e. 
  but that 's a really interesting way of phrasing it . 
  yeah , it definitely is a really interesting thing to contemplate . 
  they showed us this in a theory of knowledge class in school , and it was the first thing i thought of when i read the title of this thread . 
  hahaha . 
  we never actually covered him , at least as far as i remember . 
  if we did , it was only a brief mention of his name in relation to some theory . 
  what would be a good summary of his theories , may i ask ? 
  hamlet 's soliloquy that was n't really a soliloquy , on account of there being other people on the stage overhearing it . 
  i 'd kinda rather they were n't a celebrity . 
  i do n't want damn paparazzi following our every move . 
  you are the toilet ? 
  i think he 's implying that it can only get worse . 
  i agree that that bit 's bad , but i would n't say * particularly * that bit . 
  it 's no where near as bad as saying people have to be non-political . 
  by doing that you 're basically saying `` we do n't want smart people working here , we only want mindless drones '' . 
  if a potential employer asked to see my facebook , i 'd say it 's facebook.com/myname , and say they 're welcome to see anything i 've shared * publicly * . 
  if they want more , then i 'm not interested . 
  older versions do n't work with magnet links ... 
  does that version have magnet link support ? 
  i vaguely remember needing to update when tpb switched , and i thought it already had these features then . 
  those settings are great when downloading movies/tv shows . 
  you 're basically buffering . 
  people using that make me -- well , not angry -- annoyed . 
  it just * looks * wrong . 
  not redundant at all . 
  that 's the whole idea, 
  cool , thanks . 
  yeah i love vlc . 
  somewhat surprisingly , quicktime x can also do a decent job of this , at least on file types it supports .
