  ignoring air resistance ( for the sake of simplicity ) , a fall would have to be 177 m or more before it gets to 6 seconds . 
  so , let 's say roughly 150 m accounting for air resistance . 
  that 's a touch over 98 squares in game . 
  you 're almost never going to be dealing with falls that high . 
  tl ; dr he does n't know who it is any more than we do . 
  ( or , at least , if he * does * know , he 's not saying . ), 
  i use [ the old reader ] ( https://theoldreader.com ) . 
  they started up when google reader was removing some social features , and so it has a really similar look and feel to what google reader used to . 
  it was a really popular one for people to turn to when reader shut down . 
   i like leaving it in the dm 's hands because of the sense of surprise . 
  maybe some local tuffs killed you , but you did n't know they did it at the behest of a local lord who has always seemed friendly to you , and unknown to you the ability has been tracking down the lord for your entire un-life . 
  stuff like that . 
  mmm , actually yeah , i really like that . 
  note that if it requires a dex saving throw , you need cover from where the * source * of the spell is , and that 's not necessarily the same as the location of the caster . 
  for example , if you 're saving against a fireball , there needs to be cover between your location and the * centre * of the fireball . 
  hey this is slightly off topic , but what advice would you have for someone looking to get back into the game ? 
  i played during beta and for the first couple of weeks after release , but due to time constraints i 've hardly played since then , and i 'm just downloading the game again now . 
  you keep writing `` ettin 's '' . 
  there 's no need to use an apostrophe to refer to `` more than one ettin '' . 
   for the purposes of determining a rogue 's sneak attack , the ettin is always flanking, 
  do n't use the word `` flanking '' , that 's something different . 
  flanking implies two people on * opposite * sides of the enemy , and provides advantage on attack rolls . 
  it is n't required for sneak attack . 
  instead , just say that `` for the purposes of a rogue 's sneak attack , an ettin always has another enemy of the target within 5 feet of it '' . 
   strong dm digression is advised, 
  discretion, 
   this in essence gives the ettin disadvantage on dex saving throws . 
  however , the way it is currently worded means that if they have disadvantage anyway , in this case they would have * super * disadvantage . 
  rolling four dice and taking the lowest . 
  i do not know if that was intentional or not . 
  ditto with advantage for con . 
  i wo n't attempt to go into detail on balance , because frankly it 's an ettin and if you 're playing an ettin , balance clearly is n't top priority . 
  that said , considering what it is , it does n't * appear * to be too bad . 
  i do n't care for the type of psionics that 's just casting normal spells . 
  i do n't see why they should exist at all . 
  but i really like psionics in principle . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , there are three main types of psionics . 
  shaping , which i think does n't really need to be a type of psionics , but can be cool if it 's done well . 
  it 's really better suited to conjuration wizards in most cases though , i feel . 
  telekinetics , which is cool , and i think a good psionics class should be able to do * a lot * more of this * a lot * better than any wizard can . 
  but my absolute favourite is telepathic psionics . 
  reaching into your opponent 's mind and piercing them mentally , ripping out their memories , or altering them to your will . 
  from a thematic point of view , this is substantially different to many of the things that wizards can do , though there is some overlap in a few areas . 
  i view it as very similar in many ways to m'gann m'orzz from dc ( in particular , the show young justice ) , with both telepathy and telekinetics . 
  i loved the visions of mind battles between her and psimon . 
  i also really liked the idea of the mental battles that happened in eragon between spellcasters , and ( to a much lesser extent ) of occlumency and legilimency in harry potter . 
  but m'gann is my absolute favourite example because her character was so interesting , and she so perfectly embodies the image of a psion with a lot of telepathy and telekinetics , and a touch of shaping . 
  mechanically , psionics is different because it 's a supremely flexible discipline . 
  you have basic attacks that can be done to some extent , but you can also choose to make it more and more powerful by spending more and more points . 
  but you have a limit to how many you can spend per day . 
  rather than the spell slot system which wizards and sorcerers use . 
  it 's even somewhat different from wizards if you choose to use a spell point system for them ( though imo you should n't , specifically because it steps on the toes of psionics ) . 
  hahaha yes , that sounds about right . 
  in fact , it 's almost the exact same distance . 
  i guess if they use dimension door at its full range , then you should give whoever 's falling a chance to make one turn before they land . 
  the question then is : do teleportation spells maintain momentum \u00e0 la portal , or not ? 
  could they choose to use a spell like misty step or similar right before they hit the ground , and land safely ? 
  this is late , but i just stumbled across it now ( thanks to the link from [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dnd/comments/3uqkc7/craziest_bard_instruments/cxhdldj ) ) . 
  no , there 's no need to format it in greentext . 
  the style guide is there for * if * people want to use the greentext format , but we absolutely allow prose here as well . 
  indeed , i personally encourage it . 
  many of my favourite stories from the [ hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) are not in the greentext format . 
  my group rolls for stats ( within certain bounds : if you 're too strong or too weak you reroll ) , but if we did point buy , i sure as fuck would allow buying to 16 . 
  it 's dumb that the game does n't let you . 
  it would cost 12 , so would be * very * expensive to get , but i would allow it . 
   the idea of this game is that we are playing characters and should be free of biases from the other subs, 
  this is difficult to do when a selection of people have deliberately organised a brigade from a subreddit * designed * for trolls , so that they can bring their reprehensible behaviour here . 
   options available to mods seem to be ... shadowban users, 
  nope . 
  you 're right on the other points , but shadowbanning is an admin feature , and applies site-wide . 
  what exactly happens here ? 
   do n't think about assigning blame . 
  think of it as a demonstration of things to do better, 
  exactly right , especially in this situation . 
  the dm obviously had good intentions . 
  he wanted to create dramatic tension , and a sense of cliffhanger . 
  the problem is that players have a * lot * more invested in their characters than they do in even the best-written book or television characters , such that this sort of long-term cliffhanger creates more anxiety than drama . 
  they 'd also be needing to consider where they go from here : make new characters etc. 
  it makes `` you died '' a bad cliffhanger . 
  it was just mishandled . 
  i really like your suggestion for how it could have been done better . 
  so do i put it up for debate for the second reading ? 
  i 'm a little lost here . 
  ah , right . 
  well , at least based on the conversations raised in response to / u/3fun 's amendment , i was satisfied that it was fine , especially since nobody denied leave . 
  ah , yeah , that 's taking it * way * too far . 
  he definitely should ** not ** have been trying to pull one over you by having you come with new characters already made up . 
  the member for western australia will withdraw his statement . 
  nah that 's still too far . 
  once you 're coming up with concepts , you 're getting yourself invested in someone new . 
  that 's part of the process of moving on from your previous character . 
  he should not have done that if he had no intent of having you * play * the new character , and was going to give you back the character that you had just started moving on from . 
  the member for western australia will withdraw his statement , and refrain from making any further disrespectful statements against the members of this house . 
  meta : as much as i like it from a meta perspective , if you look at it from an in-character perspective , this sounds like insanely harsh penalties against free speech . 
  wait what the fuck ? 
  how the hell can they charge you to * receive * texts ? 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  my biggest problem with whatsapp is that it uses this stupid paradigm of using your phone number as a username . 
  fuck that , my phone number is for * calling * and * texting * . 
  if it 's going over ip it should n't use a phone number .
