  not trying to be a grammar nazi , i just genuinely ca n't make sense of this . 
  i * think * you 're saying the gsiii is the most functional phone on the market , and will be more functional than the next iphone , but i 'm not sure . 
  ah , cheers !, 
  yeah , thanks !, 
  yeah , but dramatictechnobabble did n't say responsible for , he said related to , which they are . 
  you got stats to back that up ? 
  i find it difficult to believe that there is a significant link between religion and percentage of people who have committed murder ( or other serious crimes , but that 's beside the point ) . 
  except that with asami there really has n't been any interesting characterisation . 
  yeah , at the time i wrote that i did n't realise it was a simple typo . 
  oh man , i know that feeling !, 
  i 've always been a huge fan of inner harmonies and such . 
  if i know someone 's a photographer , i 'll go on there specifically to see if they 've got a cool picture , but other than that i 'm the same as you . 
  hey , i noticed one of trey ratcliff 's photos in there . 
  you a fan of his ? 
  i think i know what you 're feeling , and if it 's the same as what i imagine there really is n't any advice to make you feel less awkward , sorry . 
  pick flowers and rip the wings off of butterflies . 
  jesus , without even trying speedtest i can tell there 's not a chance i 'll get that . 
  after doing it , i get 4.45 mb/s , which is way more than i was expecting . 
  however , i do n't believe that this is the problem . 
  as i said , i first noticed it when whatpulse stopped syncing . 
  as far as i 'm aware , what it uploads is only a tiny amount of data , that should n't need a fast connection . 
  same deal with the nexus mod manager , although i only downloaded it a few days ago , after whatpulse started having its problems , so i 've never had nmm work . 
  i 'm also not aware of any significant slowing down of my connection recently . 
  it also does n't explain why my mac would be able to sync , or why i can stream ( in the true sense ) video ( i like twit live ) and audio ( abc classic fm , an australian classical music station available online ) smoothly most of the time , as well as skype audio or video calls being fine . 
  youtube buffers slowly sometimes , but it is also frequently fast enough to watch a video through in one go . 
  the chief reason i do n't think sheer speed is the issue is that many years ago , when i first arrived in vietnam , i was able to play flyff ( an mmorpg ) just fine . 
  i 'm with the same isp , and i ca n't imagine internet speeds have worsened over time in this developing country . 
  still , i can see why you would suggest that , and it is my fault for not making that clear above . 
  thanks for trying . 
  i 'm not going to repeat what the others have said , but i will say that it is all very good advice . 
  in addition , i would recommend getting a friend to pair up with and do full practise iocs . 
  that means they pick an extract , give you the exact 20 ( or is it 15 , i forget ) minutes to prep , and then give you a full run through , followed by questions . 
  then you do the same for them . 
  this part helps you as well as them , because you 'll be looking at it critically as you go , thinking of what questions to come up with , helping you understand some basic mistakes etc. 
  when i did this , i actually got the exact same extract on my ioc , so it was really lucky for me , but even if it was n't , i still had some good practise . 
  skype is great for this , so you do n't need to necessarily arrange a place for you both to meet if you ca n't . 
  video helps , but definitely is n't necessary . 
  i very much doubt you 've performed this before . 
  the [ second movement ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq1xug4jryu&amp;feature=relmfu ) is beautiful and lyrical , and the [ third ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hknsoflvz_a ) is a fast-paced totacca . 
  the composer 's really nice to work with , too . 
  i did a performance of the second movement and he was great . 
  there 's also [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5ojlglr9dk&amp;feature=bfa&amp;list=ulhknsoflvz_a ) , which is the same composer 's first clarinet sonata . 
  i 'd say it 's probably the better of the two , to be honest . 
  [ here ] ( http://pastie.org/4119750 ) are results from my mac ( the one without problems ) . 
  and [ here ] ( http://pastie.org/4119752 ) from my pc ( with problems ) . 
  i was n't sure how to do a traceping , so i googled and came up with [ this ] ( http://network-tools.com/ ) site . 
  i then clicked the `` trace '' radio button , and typed `` youtube.com '' and `` nexusmods.com '' respectively . 
  sorry if that 's not the correct process . 
  yeah , i thought that at first . 
  currently i have a wired connection coming out of the router , but i have also tried a wired connection straight from the modem , and that did n't fix the problem . 
  i know how to ping a site , but had never heard of traceping before . 
  anyway , [ here ] ( http://pastie.org/4120338 ) is the result from my pc . 
  i could n't figure out how to do it on mac , as console did n't seem to have anything similar to that , and terminal ( which i have always thought is basically the equivalent of command prompt ) does n't accept either traceping or tracert as commands . 
  not that it 's a problem , that computer is connecting to everything i want to connect it to . 
  is a traceroute the same as traceping ? 
  if so , then [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/techsupport/comments/vbitc/problems_with_my_internet/c531s05 ) is the result from doing that . 
  it seems as though the process you 've described is the same as what i 've done there , except it automatically generates a . txt file of the results . 
  thanks for the instructions , though . 
  yeah , i kinda feared that might be the problem . 
  a very difficult one to solve when you do n't speak the language and they have very little interest in really helping . 
  nevertheless , thanks a whole bunch for all of your help !, 
  thanks for the link !, 
  i 've looked into port forwarding in the past but always been too confused to try it . 
  i 'll definitely look into it , there does n't seem to be any disadvantage to it . 
  that does n't stop people getting up the moment she does , though , which would be the * worst * for getting in her way during morning routine . 
  no , i think she 's just bat shit crazy . 
  how come they ca n't just get up and be quiet ? 
  busan 's public transportation is terrible , but admittedly the public transportation in seoul is just amazing . 
  the train system between cities is also very good , especially the ktx . 
  i 'm only 18 now , and i experienced this ... 
  pretty sure my sister who 's 14 would 've , too ... 
  unfortunately , it only tracks ones you 've done on the computer you 're using with it installed . 
  it 's not getting something from your reddit account , and does n't sync between different computers . 
  i learned from a combination of play school and my parents . 
  thanks to play school i could tell the time on the hour and half past with an analogue clock before i could read a digital clock at all . 
  even easier , whilst still looking incredibly geeky and awesome , is a tix clock . 
  but i can read analogue or digital clocks just fine . 
  [ i bet you get this a lot ] ( http://famouspoetsandpoems.com/poets/pablo_neruda/poems/15730 ), 
  yeah , and defenders knocking down the ladders . 
  to be fair , he was probably waiting for a reply , and just gave up . 
  it 's an image macro . 
  yeah , they are different photos , both taken from the same hotel . 
  i thought he was referring to the fact that it 's not a crop , it 's an entirely separate image . 
  be thankful you did n't have film , then . 
  wow , awesome to see that you 're a lord of the rings fan !, 
  and as such , i feel the need to correct you . 
  the following is a quote from the `` note on the text '' at the beginning of the one-volume edition . 
   the lord of the rings is often erroneously called a trilogy , when it is in fact a single novel , consisting of six books plus appendices , sometimes published in three volumes . 
  wow , awesome to see that you 're a lord of the rings fan !, 
  and as such , i feel the need to correct you . 
  the following is a quote from the `` note on the text '' at the beginning of the one-volume edition . 
   the lord of the rings is often erroneously called a trilogy , when it is in fact a single novel , consisting of six books plus appendices , sometimes published in three volumes . 
  still , thanks for your contributions to the free press , and thanks for doing this ama ( as in sure you 've heard 1000 times before in this thread alone ) . 
  and as someone who lives and just finished school in vietnam , they have the same problem here . 
  whoa , whoa , whoa . 
  be careful how you use the word `` international students '' . 
  that accurately describes people who went to international schools , not students of the national system in countries foreign to you . 
  international students very often do the ib , which is a curriculum absolutely designed for a good education in creativity , problem solving , and individual research . 
  ( not to mention many other benefits over many national systems . ), 
  to be honest , my biggest beef with the us system is the very existence of sats , which completely go against your argument of fostering creativity .
