  but at my uni graphical calculators are n't allowed for most courses . 
  two of the main maths courses i have to take do n't allow * any * calculator . 
  i got ta buy myself an fx-100au some time soon for my mid semester exam in the one course i have this semester that does allow calculators ... 
  not having fucking daylight savings is about the most progressive thing we 've got . 
  sure we might be against the science on fluoride , and against common decency on rights to one 's body , but at least we do n't pretend we can magically change where the sun is at any point in time . 
  one reason is that they do n't * need * to be put to referendum to change the law , and if they were put to referendum and * failed * ( which is quite likely considering the difficulty of passing referendums in this country ) , it would set the cause back for a long time . 
  the voice of the referendum would silence politicians who a proponents of the cause . 
  from what i 've heard ( note , though , that this is * completely * unsourced and i do n't even remember where i read it ) doctors will relatively freely allow the condition that it is unsafe for the mother , even if it is n't necessarily anything out of the ordinary , thus making it much easier than a strict interpretation of the law would imply . 
  again , complete hearsay , do n't take me at my word . 
  3 posts one year old . 
  possible you could n't see the third because it 's marked nsfw ( it is n't really any more nsfw than the others ) . 
  i do n't know about the situation with america and cuba , but `` boat people '' as they get called here , are not illegals . 
  they are seeking asylum , which is totally within their rights under international law . 
  piggybacking here , the deleted comment said, 
   your upload speed is like the reverse gear of your car . 
  it 's slow because you do n't use it that often , and when you do , you do n't use it for very long . 
  just letting people know . 
  that 's because you 're thinking of it in terms of only normal browsing , when many of the important potential uses of high speed internet , such as those involving sharing large files or streaming video , do require very high upload speeds as well . 
  assuming you mean the oakland in the us , and assuming you 're not joking ( though i 'd say you probably are ) , * how * ? 
  you need a passport to travel internationally , and you leave from the * international * terminal . 
  not to mention all the screens at the airport and people telling you where you 're going . 
  say hi to your shit weather for me . 
  to be honest , in a practical sense , anything that comes after your first major party preference is irrelevant , because your vote will likely stop there . 
  but i agree , it would be much better if you could have optional preferencing . 
  small parties having power is not a bad thing . 
  i would even say it 's a good thing . 
  what 's bad is the complicated deal system . 
  if you vote for the sex party -- a left-wing libertarian party -- above the line , your vote preferences will go to one nation -- right-wing authoritarian -- before they reach the greens or labor . 
  the wikileaks party has had similar bizarre issues with where their preferences are being directed . 
  that 's where the problem lies at the moment . 
  as much as that picture made me laugh , in your first speech in your second term as prime minister you talked about moving away from the old , negative , politics of the past , and moving towards new , more positive , politics . 
  what happened to that claim ? 
  i 've seen just as much negative politics from you as i have from the opposition ( if you exclude the murdoch media as being `` the opposition '' ) . 
  hi mr rudd ,, 
  in your first speech in your second term as prime minister you talked about moving away from the old , negative , politics of the past , and moving towards new , more positive , politics . 
  what happened to that claim ? 
  i 've seen just as much negative politics from you and the labor party as i have from the opposition ( if you exclude the murdoch media as being `` the opposition '' ) . 
  i was really hoping for a move towards hard discussions of important policy issues , but all we 've got is the same-old , same-old negative campaigning . 
  to be fair , i think i did meet someone who ( i think ) something very similar to this happened to . 
  i was an australian , travelling in austria , and my family and i met a couple from the middle-east who were also travelling there . 
  they mentioned that they had always wanted to go to australia . 
  since both are international flights , and the names are extremely similar , it 's possible that there was an actual mistake made there . 
  that certainly seems an interesting idea . 
  do you mind if i ask some more questions for clarification ? 
   there would be a means tested transfer that would happen ... quarterly, 
   an amount based on the amount of gst that the median income earner would pay, 
  what * precisely * would this entail ? 
  who pays whom , and how much ? 
   i do n't think that marginal pay increases actually result in more or better ` work ' being done, 
  in that case , how is a more standard income tax a problem ? 
  if more pay * did * result in better work being done , would n't that be an argument against taxing direct income , not the other way around ? 
   thankyou for having the balls to make long term plans for our nation 's ... education, 
  shame about the cuts to uni funding ... ( admittedly done under the gillard government , but still ... ), 
  their tweet there seemed fairly economically neutral . 
  they ** did n't ** want to lower company tax , but they did want to lower regulations . 
  depending on which regulations , that may or may not be a good thing . 
  he did specifically say `` live press events '' . 
  while they are presented through the mainstream media , i would say if that 's the only time you watch mainstream media , i 'd say you can still validly claim that you do n't watch the political news on mainstream media . 
  it 's not filtered through the commentary that comes with other forms of media like the evening news or the paper . 
   i think it is a bit harsh equating this silly picture to what the liberal party and their media are doing . 
  that 's true , but i was n't * really * only talking about this picture . 
  this picture just reminded me of the way their whole campaign is going . 
  though i agree with the rest of your comment . 
  labor is n't being * as * negative as the liberals are , but they are most definitely not running the same positive campaign that rudd claimed he would back in his first speech on return to prime ministership . 
  and yes , it 's always fun to laugh at jokes against either side . 
   h. why the wallabies are playing crap ? 
  fuck that , why are we so shit at * cricket * right now ? 
  that 's 7 am in one of the us time zones , i believe . 
  could also be utc , though i doubt it . 
   all questions would be screened by his staff anywawy, 
  implying he was the one behind the keyboard anyway ? 
  disparate, 
  yeah definitely . 
  this is how the pirate party did it . 
  personally i 'm not happy with the results of it ( especially seeing as second preference in qld goes to the australian democrats , which is awful after the blow-up they 've had ) , but they way they did it could not be flawed . 
  i actually agree with you here . 
  it is the parties ' fault , but at the same time , there are changes that could be made to the system that would help . 
  optional preferencing . 
  if people did n't have to number from their favourite parties * all the way * to the absolute crazies ( no carbon tax climate sceptics , anyone ? 
  ) , it would be incentive for more people to vote below the line , removing this as an issue at all . 
  above the line preferences . 
  instead of voting [ 1 ] above the line and leaving everything else blank , you would be required to preference above the line the same way you currently do below the line . 
  however , preferences would be distributed to each candidate in the party in the order of that party 's preference . 
  this would require removing the current system of group voting tickets involving a preference order all the way through . 
  i 'm not the one that mentioned `` having the balls '' . 
  i was just quoting the person above me . 
  but i agree , gillard got a bad rap and passed some great policies through parliament . 
  however , that does n't save her or her government from criticism of mistakes they made , and cutting funding to universities was one of the worst things she did . 
  especially when roughly the same amount of money that was cut from unis is being spent on * for-profit private schools * . 
  i was under the impression that the cubans entering america were doing so illegally , making it a different situation to what is happening in australia . 
  i could be wrong on that , though . 
  `` stealing ... causing violence '', 
  hmm , sounds like whoever made this should head over to / r/libertarian or / r/anarcho _ capitalism ... 
  your question scares me . 
  i 'm currently studying software engineering , and i was under the impression that it was an incredibly safe and in-demand job . 
  i ca n't exactly tell , but are you talking about software engineering in general , or specifically your job with the government , when you talk about being worried ? 
  they were the party !, 
  party !, 
  party !, 
  party ?
