  my reason for preferring 2 is just that its atmosphere felt more interesting to me . 
  unfortunately , ensemble studios ( the studio that made the aoe games ) got disbanded a few years back . 
  microsoft came out with age of empires online a little while later ( not an mmo , a browser-based rts ) . 
  it was terrible . 
  i think they shut down its servers just recently . 
  they have been re-releasing the old games with updated graphics , though . 
  their team has done at least one ama . 
  huh ? 
  no , i 'm a student . 
  not sure what that 's got to do with anything , really . 
  you know what i 'd like to see ? 
  at what number of people would a person kill a loved one . 
  would you kill a loved one to save 2 strangers ? 
  probably not , in most cases . 
  how about to save 10 people ? 
  of course , it 's easy to talk about it , but i imagine most people 's reactions would be very different if they actually faced the situation . 
  what went wrong with their methodology ? 
  thank you so much for this . 
  i 'm not sure i could have written one myself . 
  just a few suggested grammatical changes ( as well as a couple of my own additions ) to make it seem a bit more formal ( and address more deeply a couple of issues that you implied ) :, 
   i am writing to you today to express my deep concerns and complete rejection of the recently passed national security legislation amendment bill 2014 ( no . 
   i truly believe this piece of legislation is un-australian . 
  giving asio free reign to take such actions against the public is a greater threat to our freedom and democracy than any terrorist organisation could inflict . 
  i think it is despicable that legislation was forced through parliament in the heat of the moment , at a time where confusion , fear , and emotions run high , and will be something we come to regret in the near future . 
  legislation with this sort of impact should be given a chance for public discourse , and should not be pushed through with haste . 
   not only are the public now subject to spying at any time , on any device with an internet connection , but we are unable to properly challenge these actions even if our private information is misused . 
  this is a genuine concern considering asio now has the ability to contract external companies we do n't know to handle this private information . 
   i also can not believe how disgusting it is to threaten journalists and whistleblowers with jail , stripping them of their abilities to report the truth and expose corruption and wrongdoings when they observe them . 
  senator brandis may claim that these specific people are not being targeted by their new law , but the deliberately vague wording of the legislation indicates a desire to see this happen anyway . 
  freedom of the press is one of the most fundamental tenets of a free , democratic society , and those in the press need the freedom to report on stories of potential national importance without fear of prosecution . 
   in closing , the over-extension of these new surveillance powers in australia are an attack on the values our citizens hold dear . 
  i feel far more threatened by our government 's disregard for our freedom and democracy than any risk of terrorism on our home soil -- of which we must recognise there has been no attack so far . 
  i must urge you to reconsider your party 's decision and consider the effects it will have on our future . 
  anyway , i 'd encourage everyone to send this to their local mp . 
  make changes as you feel appropriate . 
  let 's be realistic , here . 
  we 're a long way from being in that bad a situation . 
  this is a step in the wrong direction , but we 're still not at that level . 
  nah , fire longbows into the brisbane river the very day those extra laws expire . 
  we would n't want to do anything illegal , now , would we . 
  i 've got ta be honest , and this is obviously just personal opinion , but i can not * stand * the star craft games . 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  i think one of its campaigns is probably amongst my favourite gaming memories , too . 
  the one where you start out with nothing but a priest . 
  just such a cool idea . 
  and it was made by a team of like , 6 people , was n't it ? 
  three programmers and three designers or something . 
  absolutely incredible what they did . 
  everything gets much better . 
  aoe 2 is set in medieval times and has some really cool stuff from that , including introducing gates that open to let your troops in and then close to prevent enemies entering . 
  it also makes each country choice more unique . 
  aom is set in mythological times . 
  you play as egypt , the norse , greece , or atlantians . 
  each race is extremely varied in how they play . 
  you get god powers ( one per age , for four total ) dependent on which gods you choose , and you get mythological creatures ( like minotaurs and pegasi ) , purchased using the resource `` faith '' ( each race gets their faith in different ways , for example the norse get it through battle , and the greeks by praying ) . 
  aoe iii is set in the colonial era . 
  you get some early guns , huge ships , and it has a sort of rpg element in the form of your `` home city '' , which you can get different types of resources from in the game , depending on how you 've built your city . 
  aoe 1 , 2 , and aom have all been re-released on steam with upgraded graphics and extra content , so now 's a great chance to check them out !, 
  it 's obviously personal preference , but i absolutely ca n't stand the star craft games . 
  i absolutely love bfme ii because playing an rts in middle earth is heaps of fun . 
  but i find its resource management rather lacking for skirmishes , and playing against the ai on a siege map is just dull . 
  ( and playing sieges is what i really want to do in a lord of the rings rts game . ), 
  would be heaps of fun multiplayer , and i always really enjoyed war of the ring mode against the ai . 
  its turn-based stuff helped make the problems i had with the game less problematic . 
  what if i gave you the number 7.12 billion ? 
  the population of * earth * is roughly 7.125 billion . 
  would you not sacrifice one of your children for almost the entire population of the human race ? 
  ( do n't forget that with that few people left , there 's a good chance you 'll be left to starve or otherwise be left in a much less livable world if you do n't . 
  there 's a good chance they 'd die pretty quickly anyway . ), 
  `` the best '' is very subjective . 
  it 's definitely my favourite . 
  i think you 'd be hard pressed to find someone whose favourite is n't either aok or aom , though . 
  haha i 'd love to , but i do n't actually have a copy of it any more ( disk broke , bought replacement . 
  was published by ubisoft ; no online play . 
  fuck ubisoft ) , and i 'm waiting for the price to drop below $ 10 before i pick it up on steam . 
  age of mythology , a spin off of the age of empires series , featuring mythological units and godpowers . 
  no , i was making an analogy with the movie . 
  from what i 've heard ( i 've neither read the book nor seen the movie ) , it was a really good movie if you have n't read the book , but was incredibly unfaithful . 
  haha yeah . 
  definitely my favourite . 
  they 've re-released it on steam , so now might be a great time to get into it . 
  although i have heard that there are some technical problems with the re-released version and online play . 
  huh ... 
  i never thought of it that way before . 
  but i think you 're right , it makes a lot of sense . 
  ( on both the similarity between deities and home shipment , and the singleplayerness of aoe iii . ), 
  i do n't know anyone who likes the other games and * does n't * like aom . 
  it 's my personal favourite , and i think for most people it 's either their favourite or second favourite in the series . 
  god powers and faith make for a really interesting , unique bit of flavour , so your choices both at the start of the game ( which nationality and which major god ) and during the game ( which minor gods each time you age up ) make a lot of difference . 
  i 've never actually played it . 
  the only warcraft i 've played is 3 . 
  got ta be honest , it did n't really grab me all that much . 
  haha it may not be a fair match , then . 
  as much as i loved the game , i was never very * good * at it . 
   renigged, 
  think you meant `` reneged '' . 
  it 's not a racist term , 
  hahaha . 
  all the more reason to get into it then , i guess . 
  my mum always called my gameboy a `` playboy '' ...
