  i despised man of steel , and from what little i 've seen ( i tend to try and avoid trailers , but i 've seen bits and pieces ) , i have low hopes for batman vs. superman . 
  it 's really a shame . 
  i wish they had chosen to spin off the nolan batman trilogy -- which was fantastic -- into a shared universe . 
  and even more , i wish they had chosen to fold the arrowverse into that . 
  it would have been so easy to do . 
  i 'd be happy if they did everything else in the most terrible possible way though , if only we could get young justice back . 
  but ah well , there 's really not much we can do about it now . 
   contort your thinking around to imagine you believed that warlocks have one job , and that 's casting hex and spamming eldritch blast . 
  there are warlocks who have two slots per day and only use one , except on days when they drop their first hex . 
  hmm , fair enough . 
  i guess that might be the case for some groups . 
  it 's just so incredibly alien to my way of thinking , i guess i needed it explicitly pointed out . 
   give them two parallel sets of spell slots , the one that is per rest and one that is per day, 
  yes , i rather like that idea . 
  i 'd probably have them cap out at level 3 slots ( which is where most of the utility stuff happens anyway ) , and i 'd keep them relatively limited , maybe 4 or 5 at level 20 . 
  it would n't need to be much to make a * huge * difference . 
  this thread is making me sad that i have n't been able to keep up my music as much as i 'd like since i finished high school :(, 
  my damn uni does n't have a proper amateur orchestra , unless you 're studying medicine . 
  and the only local concert band started charging rather substantial entry fees about a year after i started playing with them ... 
  i actually think this one works better as [ an image album/vertical ] ( http://imgur.com/veg5hm2 ) than in the video format . 
  wow , i really like this . 
  the idea of relinquishing narrative control is a particularly awesome one , especially since it can introduce some future consequences in the game . 
  if the paladin you described later fails to uphold the oath , you 've now got a specific character that can come down and try to get him back on the right path , for example . 
  the only time i 've ever done something like this in the past was with a pc who wanted to be a necromancer . 
  since you do n't get real necromantic spells until level 5 , for most of the campaign , after every encounter he would go around to a couple of dead bodies and perform a ritual where he pulled out their eyes and tried to force life into them . 
  at first i had nothing happen , then gradually they started shuttering slightly , then eventually reaching up and grabbing him before falling back , and then eventually he reached level 5 and they stayed alive !, 
  at the time , i absolutely loved what he was doing , but you 've really put into perspective for me * why * it works so well , and made it more explicit just how to run such a concept in an effective way . 
  thanks !, 
  this can be particularly effective if a player is multiclassing into something that another member of the party already has . 
  the two can roleplay out their initial training and practice together . 
  never mind emacs vs vi , i love the insinuation that * nothing * is a real code editor besides those two . 
  you eclipse of the sublime notepad + + people need to get a real editor . 
  it 'll come out in the year of linux on desktops . 
  any day now , i 'm sure !, 
  that 's definitely how i felt about hl1 . 
  the story , or to be more accurate , the lack thereof , was just dull . 
  i got about two thirds through it and had basically no idea what was going on , and as a result , had no investment in it or interest in seeing it to conclusion . 
  and the awful platforming and puzzle mechanics that made up a substantial amount of the game make it frankly damn-near unplayable for someone first approaching it today . 
  it just does n't play how a game feels like it should play , and you end up dying and being frustrated with the * system * far more than you die frustrated with your own skill . 
  the actually pretty decent shooter mechanics just are n't enough to make up for everything else wrong with it , unfortunately . 
  wow famous , encouraging people to actually go to r/dnd ? 
  this makes me feel a little dirty . 
  edit : totally worth it , though . 
  edit again : oh god , i wish i had n't gone to the comments ... 
   the vast majority of attempted homebrew is in one of two categories : too powerful to be allowed , and easily replaceable with flavor-only reskinning . 
  only a tiny , tiny amount of potential homebrew exists between those two extremes, 
  this has absolutely not been my experience . 
  check out / r/unearthedarcana to see otherwise . 
  not a rule . 
  there are a few things here that , to be honest , i do n't think belong on a dm screen . 
  basic details like what an action is , which modifier casters use , and super basic stuff that you 'll have memorised after you 've played for about an hour , like `` round down '' , `` falling is 1d6 per 10 ft. '' , and `` resistance means take half damage '' . 
  they 're also better in landscape , rather than portrait . 
  but otherwise , this is pretty good . 
  because many of the most famous d&d / rpg stories are in greentext . 
  in particular , the single * most * famous one , sir bearington ( the sharing of which in a thread elsewhere is what spawned this subreddit ) . 
  since you 're new here , i 'd highly recommend checking out [ our hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) , which has a heap of the best stories that have been shared here . 
  it 's about due for an update , so if you check it in a week 's time there might be a few more , but for now it 's great . 
  i would call particular attention to the `` longer stories '' section , and note that a few of them ( particularly demigods and stranded ) are * extremely * long . 
  but trust me when i say they are totally worth it . 
  i would just recommend reading a little bit at a time , over the course of a few days . 
  that 's how i did it . 
  i remember with stranded , i first read maybe 50 entries , and then let it sit for the night . 
  came back to it the following night and binged the entire rest of it . 
  wow it was good . 
  i 've noticed there 's really three types of games :, 
  the first , and best , category of games seem to automatically switch you back to qwerty . 
  on-screen prompts will say `` w '' to go forward , and pressing the key labelled `` w '' ( assuming you did n't rearrange the keycaps ) will make you go forward . 
  i think this is because they 're not listening for ascii characters , but for signals directly from the keyboard . 
  and they just assume you 're using qwerty and map prompts to that . 
  others automatically pick up on the fact that you 're using dvorak , and will adjust on-screen prompts accordingly . 
  they 'll automatically tell you that '' , '' goes forward , and so pressing the key that would , in a text editor , type '' , '' , causes you to move forward . 
  still others -- these last ones are a pain to deal with -- they just think you 're still using qwerty and give prompts accordingly , and you have to press in the location that the same key on dvorak is mapped to . 
  to strafe right in a standard wasd game , you have to press the key with `` h '' written on it , or to go back , you have to press the one labelled '' ; '' . 
  the best fix for these is simply to keep a keyboard shortcut on hand to actually switch back to qwerty . 
  it 'll be a pain if you have to type to communicate with your team-mates , but the game itself will work better . 
   in the beginning these gave me issues but now i do n't even notice anymore . 
  i have n't bothered to remap them, 
  agreed . 
  i find them absolutely fine as is . 
  on os x i use the layout called `` dvorak -- qwerty \u2318 '' , which temporarily switches back to qwerty while the command key is held down ( since common shortcuts are \u2318 c , \u2318 v , \u2318 z , etc. 
  ) , but on windows and linux i just deal with the normal method of doing things , and it works fine . 
   never left qwerty . 
  i realized it 's not about the layout of the keys but rather the muscle memory of the fingers/thumbs, 
  yeah , this is pretty damn accurate . 
  i have no problem on qwerty on my phone . 
  but even more than that , qwerty is actually a superior layout on mobile phones . 
  the things that made it good on old mechanical typewriters , like separating key combinations that go together commonly , mean you can type really quickly on a mobile phone that has no true tactile feedback , and it 's okay if you miss a little , since autocorrect will be able to catch it . 
  if common letters were too close together , it would be more difficult for autocorrect to do its job , since multiple possibilities could be correct . 
  no , my point was the exact opposite , actually . 
  with email addresses , it 's * better * to use something like this , because even though the spec says that a@bc is a valid email address , and so is hello `` world '' # $ % 42@[127.0.0.1], in practice , these are not actually email addresses that get used as acceptable in the real world , and so you should reject them . 
  huh ? 
  surely that ca n't be true . 
  that would imply that bob@gmail.com = = dole.bob@gmail.com, since `` dole . '', 
  is a prefix to bob which is n't possibly correct . 
  and further , bob@gmail.com has `` bo '' as a prefix of `` b '' , which reduces everything to the point of futility . 
  it seems odd to me that it would be a con-based check and penalty to con . 
  would n't charisma make more sense ? 
  it 's about their personal willpower and force of will , not so much their physical fitness . 
  at least from the sounds of how you 've described it . 
  also , having the -10 is n't particularly 5e-esque .
