  still , i managed to get a 37 , so it was n't too detrimental . 
  i 'm able to handle the distraction of reddit ( and other things , gaming being the chief one ) well without too much negative effect . 
  many people are n't , however , and will need to really limit themselves . 
  true , but not everyone has this kind of thing happen to them . 
  it can still be called an addiction ( we have no real way of knowing in highguy 's case ) , but is n't necessarily . 
  if he does it every day , but only because he enjoys it , and not because he really needs it , then it 's not an addiction . 
  it * can * be an addiction without negative effects , but is n't necessarily . 
  [ i did !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/classicalmusic/comments/ytkgy/gustav_holst_the_planets_op_32/c5yqorq ), 
  it 's not very well-known information , though , even amongst musos . 
  the reason he chose not to write it is that he was that he did n't like how the planets were overshadowing all his other -- in his opinion superior -- works . 
  completely unrelated tip , if you want to write an em dash , hold alt and press 0151 on the numpad ( not the number row ) . 
  on a mac , hold option + shift + -, 
  or , alternatively , the best way of representing it is -- in my opinion -- with two hyphens . 
  i ca n't believe someone managed to bring this back on topic . 
  ah , yes , that is more or less what i was referring to . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i have a patent on time travel . 
  you can keep your time machine , but do n't you dare use it without paying me . 
  my idea is this : for the sort of typical criminal case that would have existed when the jury system was set up , continue using a jury as they do today . 
  for specialist cases such as this one , have jurors who have some specialty in the relevant field . 
  in this case they would be people who work in the technology industry ( yet who have no obvious biases or conflicts of interest ) . 
  they would n't need to be * legal * experts , but * industry * ones . 
  in this case they could be developers , tech journalists , or people who can demonstrate that they know a lot about technology in general . 
  he 's clearly ( to me , anyway ) referring to the common saying that `` breakfast is the most important meal of the day '' . 
  he wants to know whether it 's true in general for overall health . 
  in addition , he seems to be asking the unrelated question of what time is ideal for breakfast ( with regards to amount of time after waking up ) . 
  you 're saying you need u.s. citizens , but the page itself refers to it being an australian project , and says, 
   if you are interested in participating in this australian project from outside of australia , you should be alert to any local or government restrictions on involvement in online or foreign research activity . 
  not even actually saying non-australians ca n't take part . 
  so what is it ? 
  aside from the fact that all the writing i can see is in french , what do you mean right to left ? 
  i 'm probably just missing something really obvious , but i do n't see any right-to-left writing . 
  also , not all boys are masculine . 
  ah , right . 
  thanks . 
  ah , that 's because this is n't actually the first page . 
  it 's third place in a contest for the first page ( that 's what the french at the bottom says ) . 
  edit : oh , but thanks for the information . 
  i ca n't believe i missed it ... 
  again , you 're not listening to my argument . 
  i 'm not saying that they 're * equivalent * . 
  i 'm saying that they * both are problems * . 
  and are you really saying that today , in western , developed societies , women live as second-class citizens ? 
  the unequal pay thing is horrible , but actually the commonly quoted stat is n't quite correct . 
  it is n't 70c ( or whatever the stat is ) per $ 1 a man makes doing the same work , it 's 70c for every dollar a man makes overall . 
  the problem is n't unequal pay for the same work , it 's that women are unfairly not being given the same jobs . 
  it 's not fair at all , but not quite as bad as the oft-quoted problem . 
  i do n't know where you live , but the idea of a `` rape culture '' seems like a horrible hyperbole to describe areas where i 've lived . 
  i initiated this conversation because you appeared to be very reasonable . 
  one of the feminists that truly see the issue as being one about equality and fairness . 
  i feel as though i was mislead by your original comment , now . 
  yes , op does lie ( and i need to learn to read usernames ... ) . 
  the way i see it , not having lawyers means they do n't reform it . 
  if they reformed it , lawyers of the future would be less well-off than lawyers of today , so those lawyers would go back in time to practise law in 2012 , where jobs are ripe . 
  yes , that will be $ 5,000 . 
  you still ignore many of my arguments . 
  taking your own link, 
   a rape culture is a complex of beliefs that encourages male sexual aggression and supports violence against women . 
  it is a society where violence is seen as sexy and sexuality as violent . 
  in a rape culture , women perceive a continuum of threatened violence that ranges from sexual remarks to sexual touching to rape itself . 
  a rape culture condones physical and emotional terrorism against women as the norm . 
   in a rape culture both men and women assume that sexual violence is a fact of life , inevitable as death or taxes . 
  this violence , however , is neither biologically nor divinely ordained . 
  much of what we accept as inevitable is in fact the expression of values and attitudes that can change . 
  i do not believe this definition describes the culture i live in . 
  i ca n't comment on whether there are more crazies or good feminists , but i will comment that this particular person definitely fits in the former . 
  take a look at some of her other replies to people in this thread ( including myself ) . 
  absolutely full of fallacies , mainly no true scotsmans , and just generally not showing that her comment about how she '' * is * a feminist '' ( or whatever it was ) is not valid ( the bit about how there are crazies , but she 's not one of them , i mean ) . 
  hahaha . 
  i 'm not a big fan of doctor who , unfortunately . 
  i far preferred the old ones ( up until ' 89 ) . 
  fair enough then . 
  i 'll sit this one out . 
  and you do not get to decide what is and is not absolute fact with evidence . 
  nor do you get to make an absolutely horrible flaws analogy , and act as though it 's the perfect rebuttal . 
  yeah , unfortunately . 
  i agree completely . 
  australia is n't america , so we do n't have the same ridiculous aversion to government intervention they do , but an outright ban still feels like top much government intervention to me . 
  not to mention all the arguments about how prohibition does n't work . 
  a massive tax would allow some government revenue from those that still smoke , while discouraging new smokers a heap and maybe even getting some to quit . 
  i 'd be careful about that . 
  do n't actually sell to kids , but wait till 2018 to sells to adults born in 2000 ( man that sounds weird to say ... ) . 
  i agree completely . 
  aus does n't have that same ridiculous aversion to government intervention that the us does , but this seems way too far , not even to mention the arguments against prohibition in general . 
  edit : also an avid anti-smoker . 
  no , it still would . 
  it would be less of an issue , but sill an issue . 
  there 're still a number of alcohol fueled crimes that occur , from random assault , to domestic violence , to rape ( this last one in just guessing happens because of alcohol , at least some times . ), 
  queensland , quite possibly . 
  supermarkets ca n't sell it there . 
  good job with the statistics , and keeping your opinion out of it . 
  i personally am in favour of ( to varying degrees ) all of the things you mentioned . 
  none of them absolutely prevent what people can and can not do , but they work in a positive way to try and help people make the right choice . 
  i do n't see a problem with these . 
  i 'm against an outright ban on any of these products , but steering people in the right direction is n't a problem . 
  high tax on ciggies gains government revenue , whilst simultaneously discouraging smoking , especially in new smokers ( same deal , minus the revenue , for all ad related laws including plain packaging ) . 
  i 've always been against this law , and favour high taxes and other methods to stop people ( especially new people ) smoking . 
  i do n't think they can tell you how to live , but they can certainly steer you in the right direction . 
  actually in aus both parties do it .
