  there are amplification techniques , of course , but that would make it a dos , not a distributed one . 
  i ca n't see how hollywood ( and friends ) would have it in their power to perform a ddos . 
  especially not to do it secretly . 
  yeah i 'm very curious to know where it 's coming from , or just to know anything at all about this . 
  on penguin 's order though , to be fair . 
  phone operating systems have been designed from the ground up to run on low powered machines . 
  they avoid keeping stuff in memory that is n't actively being used , even if the user never explicitly closes it , and perform other tricks like that . 
  desktop operating systems have started doing things like this more recently , but it 's not done to the same extent . 
  so users who do n't close things that they are n't using right this moment end up with a lot more running applications eating up a lot more memory than on phones . 
  if i had nothing running on windows except chrome with no more than 5 tabs , i could keep that going for weeks and never need a reboot . 
  but that 's not the way users tend to use their devices . 
   the only thing that 's going to prevent that type of `` reading '' your message is writing them all in code , at which point using e2e would be worthless , since nobody would understand what you were saying anyway . 
  well , sort of . 
  there 's still some value to it . 
  most hand-written encryption algorithms are orders of magnitude weaker than modern secure digital cyphers . 
  it 'd worth thinking of it as sort of the equivalent of two-factor authentication . 
  two-factor encryption , if you will . 
  so long as the hand-written cypher is strong enough , like a vigen\u00e8re with a sufficiently long key or a one-time pad , you 've got a hand-written protection from local problems like shoulder snooping , keyloggers , trojans etc. , and also the strongest possible protection against the bigger threat of the message being intercepted in transit . 
  what does it get ? 
  it gets the ability to do all of the features that were shown in the demo . 
  none of that is possible without their ai scanning the messages as they 're sent . 
  it ca n't just magically know what you want . 
  and if you 've not watched it yet , well go and do so before you talk about allo as though you know how it should work . 
  that article is about increasing the size of your virtual memory table . 
  it 's like having some extra very slow ram on your hard drive . 
  using the term `` memory '' to refer to hard drive ( or ssd ) space is at best inadvisable , at worst plain wrong . 
  but it sounds like that 's what you 're doing here . 
  you have a virtual drive , like the hard drive attached to a vm , is that it ? 
  and then take spell sniper for another one . 
  and if you * really * want to maximise cantrips , three levels in warlock will get you an additional 5 cantrips ( 2 from the class , 3 from pact of the tome ) . 
  i 've never played a d&d computer game , but i feel like it 's just utterly impossible for one to capture the real d&d experience . 
  going in to any video game with the expectation that it will is just * asking * for disappointment . 
  go in with the expectations you would have for any other video game and you can give it a fair review . 
  so apparently / r/papertowns has absolutely nothing to do with actual [ paper towns ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fictitious_entry ) . 
  that 's ... disappointing . 
  yeah that 's definitely a plus . 
   the only downside to these two options is that isps will use local dns so using a more distant dns will affect speed somewhat and many vpns will generally be slower than a base connection, 
  distance is not the only factor in the speed of dns response . 
  if you want to know what the fastest dns possible is , try out [ steve gibson 's dns benchmark utility ] ( https://www.grc.com/dns/benchmark.htm ) ( windows only , unfortunately ) . 
  in most cases , neither your isp nor google will be the fastest , though google tends to be faster than one 's isp . 
  personally i tend to stick with google just because their address is easy to remember . 
  besides , the speed of a dns query is only a tiny part of your web browsing experience . 
  as a side note , your hosts file can have multiple domains on the same line , if the address is the same . 
  will work just fine . 
  for what it 's worth , i do n't think op is actually looking for anything related to paging . 
  it 's hard to tell exactly , but i think they 've come across the article about the page file by accident when looking for something completely unrelated . 
  it seems to me that what they want is information regarding the `` hard drive '' of a vm . 
  the trick is to use those cantrips to pick spells that do n't require a roll . 
  prestidigitation , for example . 
   on a laptop , the laptop end is one-way, 
  it is ? 
  most windows-based laptops i 've used have been circular ( i.e. , can go in infinite ways ) , and macs can go in two ways . 
  but indeed , it 's a moot point , since as you say , it wo n't require a shutdown . 
  personally i think a second level in rogue is worth more than the fighter . 
  action surge is a fantastic feature , but it 's only once per rest . 
  cunning action , on the other hand , lets you move around the battlefield pretty much at will , since you can use it every round . 
  do n't even have to write anything . 
  there 's nothing stopping you taking the ballot from the people who hand them out and going straight to the ballot box and dropping it in blank . 
  or even just walking out of there with the ballot . 
  anyone else pleasantly surprised to see a card in google now about this ? 
  was anyone else pleasantly surprised to see a card about this in google now this morning ? 
  oh fair enough . 
  that seems fair . 
  it seemed like bran was warging into hodor from the present while he was still walking around and experiencing the past . 
  as though he was acting as a bridge between present and past hodor . 
  aye , and littlefinger was her co-conspirator , so the lannisters were n't even involved in that way . 
  [ it 's yara , fwiw ] ( http://gameofthrones.wikia.com/wiki/yara_greyjoy ) . 
  for sure , the culture is definitely based on our modern stereotypes of norse/viking culture , but the showrunners decided to go with a more english spelling . 
  seriously , these guys are like , the leaders . 
  they go back to their homes and tell all the other people to get to the shipbuilding . 
  just because they do n't show the whole process or explicitly call attention to it , does n't mean it is n't what 's happening . . 
  to be fair , the summary for the show on the whole is `` several noble families fight for control of the mythical land of westeros . '', 
  i mean seriously , could you understate it any more ? 
  what 's the source on this ? 
  the article linked by / u/tyrico is the only one i can find . 
  i would * so * love it if around episode 5 of the final season of the show we get an ember island players style episode . 
  okay not really , it would probably be terrible , but it 's still glorious to think about . 
  yeah , that shit would totally fuck with your mind . 
  why gutted ? 
  like the other guy said , it 's avatar . 
  the episode before the four-part finale of the show was titled ember island players , and they did an in-universe recap of the whole story , in the form of the characters going to watch a play about their adventures . 
  it was very similar in tone to the play in this episode ( with a similar degree of accuracy ) . 
  it 's from avatar . 
  the episode before the four-part finale of the show was titled ember island players , and they did an in-universe recap of the whole story , in the form of the characters going to watch a play about their adventures . 
  it was very similar in tone to the play in this episode ( with a similar degree of accuracy ) . 
  it 's from avatar . 
  the episode before the four-part finale of the show was titled ember island players , and they did an in-universe recap of the whole story , in the form of the characters going to watch a play about their adventures . 
  it was very similar in tone to the play in this episode ( with a similar degree of accuracy ) . 
  i think what he 's referring to is the fact that many organisations , i 'm guessing classic fm is one of them , will post links on their facebook page to their own website , which is basically nothing but a landing page to take you to the actual video . 
  it gets them some ad money , but makes the user experience way worse than just linking directly to the video . 
  / r/classicalresources is the best place to look for this kind of request . 
  it 's a curated source of classical music resources categorised by a number of different factors , made by the wonderful / u/scrumptiouscakes . 
  in your case , look specifically at [ this thread ] ( / r/classicalresources/comments / 13g764/themes _ saddark / ) . 
  it 's a bit of a shame that dark and sad are lumped together , but many of the pieces on that list are great nonetheless . 
  since you mentioned `` vampiric '' music , i 'll post a few of my favourite vampiric pieces that * are n't * classical music . 
  * [ the entire soundtrack of frank wildhorn 's dracula ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uynq9m7qxhm ) . 
  it 's insanely good . 
  there are a few songs here and there that are n't so great , but for the most part it 's just too hard to pick one . 
  * [ what 's available from the west end dracula musical ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hu2icwojmwa&amp;list=pl81d6c2191eba97ac ) . 
  i particularly like `` the lady in white '' ( though that one 's not so much on the `` dark '' side ) and the overture .
