  but once primaries are over , he could sidestep criticism of the above point by saying `` i do n't want to get rid of the minimum wage , i just want to give states the ability to choose their own . '', 
  i only really know one hard-core feminist in real life , and she 's ridiculously good looking . 
   seams a bit ridiculous, 
  hey , i get it , because clothing . 
  it 's copyrighted . 
  sounds wrong at first , but remember the root word is copyright , not copywrite . 
  well , if we 're talking about the real world , reality * does * follow time . 
  one of the fundamental rules of the universe is that entropy always increases . 
  `` forward '' in time is defined as such . 
  did he voluntarily leave , or did the admins step in , or what ? 
   they have bills to pay and overhead costs that amazon doesnt, 
  i get that there 's reasons for it , but as far as the end result , that does n't really matter . 
  i can get it from one source for $ 47.86 , and all the other options are all between $ 59.95 and $ 60.00 . 
  amazon is n't even an option , they wo n't sell the damn thing here . 
   but lets be real here . 
  this is wotc . 
  they are not going to start giving out free pdf 's with every book, 
  i do n't know much about wizard 's past culture . 
  i only started playing dnd two years ago , and never followed any of the news and stuff about it until the release of 5e . 
  but it 's seemed to be that giving out free pdfs with the books is entirely realistic . 
  releasing the pdfs for free would cost them literally nothing . 
  they 've already been releasing an awesome amount of content for free , from the basic rules , to the monthly playtest updates ( eberron races/classes and large battle rules , for example ) , to the races and classes for elemental evil . 
  adding a free included pdf when you buy the main book certainly does n't seem like it would go against the image they 're already trying to give off . 
   the excuse of `` well , if we release pdf 's then the physical stores will suffer ! '', 
  doesnt work because pdf 's are already a huge thing in the rpg community . 
  definitely agree . 
  that 's why i think giving the pdfs for free with a purchase of a physical book is a pretty good idea . 
  it would incentivise people to go and also own the physical books , which helps wizards and the local stores . 
  personally , i 'd * rather * see wizards just sell the pdfs standalone online for like $ 20.00 or so , but i was mainly responding to the above commenter who does n't like that idea because they thought it would hurt local gaming stores . 
  i 've always thought that was dumb . 
  it 's rude to wear your hat indoors . 
  i do n't care who you are . 
  it 's just dumb . 
  unless you happen to also be blind . 
  but i feel that 's probably a little * too * niche for a lpt . 
  oh while we 're on the topic , keep your hand perpendicular to the ground . 
  do n't rotate it so that the palm is facing downwards . 
  hmm fair enough . 
  it seems to me like it would be a good business move , but i do n't know that much about the culture of wizards or hasbro . 
  just an fyi , no need for the apostrophe in `` pdf 's '' . 
  i would n't normally bother with the correction , just that you used it repeatedly in a number of comments , so i thought i 'd point it out . 
  just write `` pdfs '' . 
  i 'm confused , what exactly is this ? 
  what 's uncool about it ? 
  looks like a pretty decent guide given out by wizards ... 
   in real world cities the rich and powerful tend to gravitate to high places, 
  with very few exceptions , this is correct . 
  high places tend to be more valuable . 
  perhaps the only notable real-world exception i can think of is la paz in bolivia . 
  one of the world 's highest cities ( so high that water boils at just 88 \u02da ) , the city is bowl shaped , with the more affluent areas located at the bottom of the bowl , in the centre of the city . 
  if it 's meant to be locked , why is wizards hosting it completely publicly without the need for any credentials ? 
  seems to me that they 're just asking for trouble ... 
  i do n't know much about the history of cities in north america , but this is very interesting to me . 
  i would have thought that your idea certainly makes sense for cities on the east coast or cities located inland ( since east to west is the direction that migration tended to happen in ) . 
  but does it still hold true for cities on the west coast , like vancouver , san francisco , or los angeles ? 
  i was under the impression strict grids were a fairly old fashioned way of building planned cities . 
  canberra , the capital of australia , was a planned city , and it 's a fairly young one at that . 
  its design follows ( what i understood to be ) a more modern trend favouring circles . 
  but yeah , studying the growth ( organically or otherwise ) of a city can be absolutely fascinating . 
  if they want completely new players , the very best thing they could do is make it cheaper to get into the full game . 
  sell the pdfs standalone right on their site . 
  personally , that 's what if like to see them do . 
  heck , they could even just sell the phb pdf on their site and still require dms get the physical books of the mm and dmg . 
  and anyway , chasing new players by not including a pdf download code with a legally purchased book is just terrible logic . 
  there is literally nobody who would go `` oh , i was going to get this , but i see there 's a pdf included with it , so maybe i wo n't '' . 
  but i certainly can imagine some people only want the pdfs , and would turn from piracy to legal buyers if they were available . 
  not a huge number , but at least a few . 
  that 's the same income at double the number of cars . 
  would increase maintenance costs , i imagine . 
  so from a purely business perspective , it 's probably not a good idea . 
  as far as i 'm aware , cs is n't a very demanding game , so i would imagine it 'll run fine . 
  unfortunately , unless you get the ridiculously expensive models , you wo n't get a dedicated graphics card . 
  the newer on board graphics are actually really good , and you 'll be able to play many games just fine . 
  but if you do want to try out some more demanding games , they may struggle compared to your current machine ( assuming it has a dedicated graphics card -- i also have a mid 2012 model , and the dedicated graphics is the main reason i intend to hold on to this for as long as i can ) . 
   if they believe the local gaming stores continued existence is crucial to the continued existance of the d&d brand , then not releasing pdfs makes sense at this point, 
  i agree to this statement ( assuming we take the premise as a given , of course ) * if * we 're talking about releasing stand alone pdfs you can pay for and download online . 
  but if they were to only release the pdfs as a free included extra for buying the physical book , then i do n't agree to that . 
  including the pdfs with a physical purchase could n't even in theory harm local gaming stores . 
  your last paragraph is a ** really ** good point . 
  they can get the hardcore people to buy the books , and maybe some people on the fence ( who might have bought the pdf only if there was the option , but would also rather get the book than nothing ) . 
  then release the pdf later and pick up everyone who was never going to buy the books anyway . 
  oh fair enough . 
  i could have sworn it started ' 010 ' . 
  guess i need to listen closer . 
   they best bang for your buck will be looking to get a refurb mac that has a decent gpu, 
  the best option , if you 're going to go this route , is probably a high end non-retina 2012 mbp . 
  it 's the last time they sold a 15 '' non-retina mbp , and it comes with a good dedicated graphics card . 
  i said the same thing when i saw this on facebook last night , except i said `` stupid '' rather than `` trivial '' . 
  not true at all . 
  in many cases , coming up with a more simple solution requires great creativity . 
   give an example of a homophobic function, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  sophomore is second year , right ? 
  my uni had us doing `` calculus and linear algebra i '' first semester of first year ... pretty sure that course had the highest fail rate of any first year course . 
  something like 1/3 of students failed it . 
  do n't forget that a lot of programmers * are * engineers . 
  software engineering is one of the biggest actual degrees that a programmer will have . 
  along with computer science . 
   i know , should have done it earlier, 
  how come ?
