  yes , but this hypothetical has automated cars capitalising on their automation to precisely time their crossing of the intersection to maximise traffic flow without needing to stop for red lights , and without running in to anyone . 
  a cyclist , not being computer controlled , could not be tapped in to that network , so sharing the road with existing traffic laws would work fine , but if laws were adapted in the way the video described at intersections , it would be problematic for them . 
   i vs me ( predicative nominative ), 
  i do n't know about what a predicative nominative is , so this * might * be a special case , but in general , the difference between `` i '' and `` me '' is a * very * real one that ( or is it which ? 
  :p ) , unlike the other ones , will actually make a speaker sound less intelligent if they get it wrong . 
  also just gon na take this chance to say how much i really love split infinitives . 
  `` to go boldly '' just does n't have the same ring to it , now does it ? 
  oh right . 
  that case is less bad than i was imagining , but it still is one where it makes the speaker come across as less intelligent than if they got it right , which ca n't really be said for most of the other `` rules '' mentioned in the above comment , in the majority of cases . 
  at least when referring to the section of that article labelled `` coordinative constructions '' . 
  as the article says , using `` me '' in that way is `` highly stigmatised '' . 
  so i 'm not really sure i 'd agree with you when you say ' `` and me '' is perfectly correct ' . 
  personally i have a distaste for the overcorrection such as in `` all debts are cleared between you and i '' , but the general perception of that , as the article notes , is less negative than using `` me '' when `` i '' would be more appropriate . 
  at this point i think everyone knows that . 
  for people who are already addicted , the price elasticity of their demand for cigarettes is * extremely * low . 
  the idea behind this is probably twofold . 
  the cynical element of it is a money grab and an attempt to get good press . 
  but there 's a legitimate element to it , too , which is to stop people getting addicted in the first place . 
  and that has been shown to work to some extent . 
  i do n't agree with that at all . 
  language is an agreed upon set of rules . 
  those rules can certainly change over time , but if a term is highly stigmatised , it 's fair to say that its use is breaking those rules ( until and unless such a time arrives as that use is no longer stigmatised ) , and is therefore `` wrong '' . 
  the field of linguistics has no bearing on what is correct or not . 
  they simply observe how people do things . 
  i see reddit `` linguists '' claiming to take this to mean they have the power to declare everything `` correct '' , just because they see some people doing it but i do n't agree . 
  it 's hard to come up with a good analogy , but the best i can think of is someone studying game theory watching a group perform a task and then stating that their way was the `` correct '' way , even when an objectively better way of completing that task is available . 
  a description of what is does not mean that what is is correct . 
  it 's related to the false notion that reddit linguists have of prescriptivism and descriptivism being necessarily at odds with one another when in fact they are entirely unrelated . 
  of course , i just know that for this comment i 'm going to suffer the wrath of what is honestly one of the most toxic communities on reddit ( i wo n't name them on the off chance they do n't notice ) , but i do n't care . 
  they 're self-important pricks anyway . 
  personally i think that as long as they are n't harming others , the government should n't ban something . 
  if someone wants to spend their own time , away from enclosed public spaces and places where children are , ruining their own health , they should be allowed to . 
  but i also think that taxation as a means to gently discourage such actions are a good thing , just like i think subsidising beneficial behaviours like using solar power are a good thing . 
  the only thing i 'm concerned about is if they raise it so high that people turn to the black market instead , which completely negates any good they could be trying to do . 
  black market stuff ruins all the tax-based incentives to avoid smoking , and also means the product may not be as clean , and could actually cause even * more * harm as a result . 
  i do n't know the data on whether prices have reached or passed that point yet , so i ca n't comment on whether i think this new price increase would be too much . 
  it 's the same reason i support legalisation of marijuana and ( at least ) decriminalisation of many other drugs . 
  i have no interest in going anywhere * near * them myself , but on philosophical grounds i think a person should be able to make a choice at the end of the day , even if tax-lifted prices are a factor in that choice . 
  but i think i probably do n't feel * quite * as strongly about the whole thing as the guy you replied to does . 
  that 's saying quite a lot , because normally i 'm the * most * anti-cigarette guy in the room by a wide margin . 
   if / u/hugo _ embossed says that i worship zgoorbl , should a court stop that ? 
  yes they should , because zgoorbl worship is a serious act and should not be made light of . 
   `` the field of physics has no bearing on what is correct or not . 
  they simply observe how particles do things . '', 
  i 'm glad you pointed that out . 
  first of all i think that by virtue of being a human-created construct , language is * inherently * easier to say things like this about than physics is . 
  but second of all , i actually do n't necessarily think it 's even wrong to say that about physics . 
  our notion of physics is just our best attempt to describe the state of the natural laws of the universe . 
  we 've been wrong many times in the past , and our current understanding is still at best incomplete . 
  the field of physics is only about our best understanding of the way the universe is . 
  it 's not precise , and more importantly it makes no claims on how things should be . 
  the state of the universe is what * is * , physics is our best attempt to * describe * what is . 
   when there is an academic subreddit that you know is going to get upset with what you 're saying , i think you need to take a moment , step back, 
  you think a subreddit dedicated to being arseholes is `` an academic subreddit '' ? 
  no , i really do n't care if i upset those dickheads . 
   just because you are a user of language does not mean you understand it scientifically, 
  i 'll cop to that . 
  i have very little understanding of most of linguistics . 
  i know almost nothing of language histories , phoneme terminology , technical grammatical structures and how they came about , or absolutely anything involving developmental or neural linguistics , just to name a few . 
  but i 'll also state that i * do * know when i hear something whether or not it is the correct use of that language . 
  as you say , this is something inherent to speakers of a language . 
  saying `` my friend and me went to the shops '' sounds wrong in english . 
  most native speakers you would ask would agree that it 's wrong . 
  some might use it anyway , as a colloquialism , but that does n't change the fact that it 's incorrect . 
  i used `` gon na '' earlier in this conversation . 
  that 's incorrect , as far as i 'm concerned , but it 's a colloquialism that works just fine regardless . 
  i know it 's incorrect , but that 's not some sort of moral judgement , and it 's * certainly * not related to bigotry in any way ( though i 'm sure the same has been in some cases ) . 
   whereas acknowledging that what they said is stigmatized and/or considered wrong and suggesting they use different language can still be demeaning , but at the very least is an observation of society and not just baseless disagreement of language . 
  i really do n't know what you 're trying to say here . 
  like , i literally do n't understand the intent behind the sentence . 
  however , i do n't think it 's demeaning at all when someone politely points out a mistake and how to correct it . 
  that 's how we learn . 
  when i make a mistake in any area of life , i appreciate it when someone can politely take the time to tell me what i did wrong , and provide some idea of how to do it right next time . 
  i think that is a universally good quality to have . 
  that 's why i think pointing out grammatical errors , as long as it 's done in a respectful way , is a perfectly okay thing to do , and i think the recent trend on reddit discouraging this is a bad thing . 
  the counterargument to that would be `` sometimes more specific bug fixes could reveal where security flaws were in the previous version , making it easier for hackers to exploit '' . 
  two possible counterarguments to that counterargument would be `` then detail ux patches but not security ones '' or `` but security through obscurity is not real security '' . 
  to which , of course , someone would in turn respond `` yeah but obscurity on top of actual security can be useful , especially if it gives time for people to get patched to the more secure version '' . 
  and on and on it goes . 
  i think the biggest point of contention we have here is over what constitutes a mistake . 
  you 're using the term in a technical sense as it is used in linguistics , but i am not . 
  terms often , as i 'm sure you know , have different definitions in common parlance to in a technical field . 
  my favourite go to example is `` precedent '' , which in law ( in common law systems ) refers to a binding requirement for future cases to act on a principle established in an earlier case , but in common parlance ( even with respect to the law ) it refers more often to what a lawyer might call `` persuasive precedent '' . 
  perhaps in linguistics a word like `` gon na '' might not be incorrect , but i think you 'd be hard pressed to find an average person who would say that it 's a `` correct '' part of standard language , as with most colloquial terms . 
  they use it anyway , because who cares ? 
  but that does n't make it correct in the common sense . 
  my conclusion is that i think people perceive a difference between how they actually speak and what they consider `` technically correct '' , even if in the field of linguistics , all these manners of speaking are considered correct . 
  umm , the post you linked to seems to have been removed for some reason . 
  you should probably contact the mods and see what happened there . 
  the comments are still visible , but the original post is not . 
  ( unfortunately , the mods over there are ... fickle , to put it kindly . 
  so good luck with that . ), 
  uhh , why did you delete it here ? 
  the thread here was fine , it was just the one you linked to on the other subreddit that had been removed by their mods . 
  you might be interested in [ this write up of modrons ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unearthedarcana/comments/4m0a93/wh_modrons_playable_monodrones_duodrones_and/ ) . 
  it was generally fairly well received . 
  ah yeah , i just checked and you 're right . 
  i guess that 's not so bad after all . 
  cheers . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew .
