  presumably its purpose is just to prevent regaining too many blood points too easily , but the system uses a lot of words to explain very little , and it feels * very * divorced from the flavour . 
  they obviously still have blood in them , since they 're not dead or unconscious , so * why * exactly is the vampire unable to gain blood points from feeding on them ? 
  and if the intent * was * to prevent getting too much blood , it does n't seem super useful at that , either . 
  after all , there 's * nothing * stopping a vampire from feeding on its ( hopefully willing ) allies right before a long rest to get a heap of points back . 
  i ca n't help but think a more mechanics-light version of blood drinker might be more useful . 
  still , the rules are useful for those that want them . 
  at low levels , blessing of blood is a fine set of options to allow vampires to gain an upper hand . 
  i do worry , though , that at high levels , when blood points are likely to be less of a limitation , that gaining advantage so frequently and so easily could be a problem . 
  even at low levels , depending on the situation , it could be a very easy to abuse feature . 
  my initial suspicion is that perhaps the costs of these abilities is too low . 
  that said , i would have to see it played in practice to know for certain . 
  it may be fine as it is . 
  sanguine strikes is great . 
  the meat and potatoes of this class 's damage output . 
  obviously inspired by the paladin 's divine smite , which is fine . 
  it has potential for massive burst by merging this with divine smite , but that involves spending a * lot * of resources , so it 's not too problematic . 
  again , the mechanics around regaining blood points seem overly complicated . 
  it would probably be simpler just to have it be a fixed amount , the same as with blood drinker , rather than providing two parallel sets of rules from which the player can choose each time they use the feature . 
  considering sanguine strikes can go up to level 3 spell slots anyway , it 's pretty close to the 2 that would be gotten if the rules were the same as blood drinker . 
  blessing of form is a great feature , particularly mist form , in my opinion . 
  the option to use it as a reaction -- but at a greater cost -- is a really interesting one . 
  blessing of hunger is probably my favourite bit of this prestige class . 
  deathly reflexes is great and makes perfect sense , while still being balanced compared to the rogue 's cunning action since it ( a ) comes one level later , and ( b ) costs an expendable resource . 
  the only thing i * slightly * worry about , balance-wise , is that one point essentially grants both disengage and dash , it may be worth * considering * charging a second point to avoid opportunity attacks . 
  predatory gaze and eyes of the enticer are both great . 
  the flexible asi from sinister nourishment is fine : obviously wizards used something very similar in the rune scribe prc . 
  however , unlike living rune , sinister nourishment does not come with the caveat that only one of the stats can be altered at a time , if you choose to increase two stats by 1 . 
  blessing of darkness , like blessing of hunger , is a set of abilities that serve to further the theme of the class , however this one is far closer to being just a ribbon , with very little combative utility , and only a limited amount for exploration and social interaction , which , considering it 's gained at the same level as an asi , is appropriate . 
  curse of eternity makes for a great capstone ability for vampires . 
  i particularly liked the total character level restriction to create vampire spawn , and the ability to pass it on to other characters . 
  overall , i think this feels very balanced . 
  it 's not particularly specialised at anything , so i do n't think it will be able to outshine any existing classes at their speciality , which is an important thing for a prestige class to get right . 
  all of its mechanics serve very well to reinforce the main theme . 
  the biggest problem i see is a couple of abilities here and there that seem like they could be easily overused once the player gets to level 3 or 5 . 
  ### overview :, 
  i like it , a lot . 
  i 've been a huge fan of vampires in ( \\* cough \\* nearly ) every form since i read the darren shan saga as a kid , and this captures everything that i love about them , so i do worry that this may have biased my review somewhat . 
  ( almost ) 10/10 , would review late at night while listening to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uynq9m7qxhm ) on loop full blast again . 
  one big problem that i do have with it that i could n't think of a good place to put above , is that i think it ends too soon !, 
  there are some great abilities can only be given out at higher levels that this lacks . 
  i 'd love to see dominate person as a spell it can get , for example . 
  edit : something i planned to mention when i started out writing this , but left off -- the process of writing the review ended up being over a few days . 
  this is the class that sold me on the idea of prestige classes . 
  i was initially hesitant to the idea , not wanting the same sort of bloat and munchkin fodder that prestige classes have been in the past . 
  the prestige class in ua was * okay * , and i liked the fact that it placed a strong emphasis on a roleplay requirement in order to take the class , but thematically and mechanically i did n't find that one especially interesting , so i still was n't fully buying prestige classes . 
  but this * completely * sold me on the idea . 
  i am excited to see what wizards will do in the future with prestige classes . 
  but they could n't start the name with the company . 
  rice krispies would be android r. 
  and , by the way , they 're not called that outside of america anyway . 
  they 're rice bubbles . 
  nougat makes up half the inside of a [ mars bar ] ( http://c-store.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/mars-image.jpg ) , and the whole inside of a [ milky way ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/ercbmf/milky-way-chocolate-bar-on-white-background-with-open-cut-up-bar-by-ercbmf.jpg ) . 
  things like that . 
  why is this even still a thing, 
  oh yeah , i forgot about that . 
  the products as i described them are how they are everywhere outside the americas . 
  i remember being really surprised when i went on holiday to chile and surrounding countries , to find that milky ways were completely different in the americas . 
  never seen a three musketeers bar before , though i heard about them when i did some googling about why american milky ways are different to the rest of the world ( i never did find a proper answer to that , though ... ), 
  what i * did n't * know ( until i did some more googling just now ) , was that you guys do n't have mars bars at all . 
  that 's quite astounding to me , since they are probably the * most * prototypical chocolate bar elsewhere : the one people think of if you just say `` chocolate bar '' . 
  but yeah , i find it so weird and interesting that despite being manufactured by the same company , they use completely different names . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  most of these spells specify that they have no effect on undead ( and constructs , but that 's not relevant here ) . 
  yeah , it 's one of those things you likely just skim over after a while . 
  sort of like in spells that mention being blocked by amounts of stone , metal , etc. 
  once you 've read it once , you just sort of go `` uh huh , that makes sense , moving on '' . 
  all of my school essays from at least year 9 worked to do that . 
  the major ones mostly had word limits , and less important , internally set ones would have a recommended range . 
  the most major essay we did , for example , was an independent research paper with a 4000 word limit . 
  i remember having to cut it down a bit to fit that , and i know of at least one person who had to cut theirs down from 6000 to fit the requirements . 
  hey , sorry , but this violates post requirement 1 . 
   the content has to be complete in terms of material presented . 
  it does n't have to be perfect or balanced but it does have to be fleshed out . 
  if you want to solicit feedback on a vague idea , try posting in the latest arcana forge megathread instead . 
   side-eye, 
  huh . 
  that 's not a term i 've heard before . 
  but i really like it . 
  it perfectly describes the reaction to that line . 
  no , no need to do that , i 've already removed it . 
  he also wrote `` conversation '' instead of `` conservation '' of energy . 
  ## update 4.5, 
  ### balance/mechanics update : 8.0 / 10 ( no change ), 
  bringing the wanderers ( renamed trailfolk ) up a little improves the balance a fair bit . 
  this time , unfortunately , the herdsfolk seems substantially weaker than the other options , with its animal going from something seemingly quite useful into little more than a ribbon . 
  reddit 's working fine for me , but basically nothing else . 
  i 'm guessing i 've just got reddit 's ip chached . 
   other than that, 
  perhaps i 'm misinterpreting something , but it sounds like you agree with me on everything , * including * the name . 
  the torrent itself can not be taken down . 
  torrents are a peer to peer system . 
  what * can * be taken down is links to download the . torrent file , which is ( to simplify greatly ) the file that tells you how to connect to the people who already have it . 
  magnet links can be used to serve the same purpose as . torrent files without needing an actual file ( it 's just a little bit of text , like a long url ) . 
  anything linking to said magnet link could theoretically also be taken down , but since it 's just a link , it 's super easy for anyone else to share it again . 
   third parties tend to be more liberal , as oppose to conservative, 
  just a tip , it 's best to use the word `` progressive '' , due to the name clash between `` liberal '' and `` liberal '' . 
  that is only true in `` above the line '' voting in the senate . 
  in the house of representatives , `` below the line '' in the senate , the queensland legislative assembly , and the brisbane city council , your vote only goes where you explicitly tell it to . 
  for the federal houses , you 're required to preference fully , so what happens `` after '' is irrelevant . 
  for the other two , if your vote reaches the end of its numbered list , it is `` exhausted '' , and gets treated as if you just never voted in subsequent rounds of distribution .
