  but i would suggest talking to everyone out of character beforehand and trying to figure out if they will enjoy it , or if this is going to make one/some of your players feel ripped off , or like they 're not having fun . 
  strictly speaking , as i understand it , latex is for layout of documents . 
  it 's about keeping content and display separate , like having content on a website in html and layout in css , if you 're familiar with that . 
  personally i 've never seen the need . 
  it feels like a lot of work , and even for numbery stuff , word has a powerful equation editor these days . 
  i 'm sure latex is better , but to me , learning a whole new system for a slight improvement in a few maths assignments is n't worth it . 
  plus , with word , you can submit in either word or pdf . 
  word makes it way easier for others to edit and collaborate . 
  hardly anyone else you meet will know latex , so collaboration is near impossible . 
   also , it handles stuff like table of contents , and figure numbering/referencing like a boss . 
  word does both of these as well , and handles them supremely well . 
  your formatting is mostly fine . 
  you do n't really need the paragraph breaks between every single line , but it 's okay . 
  to be fair , aboriginal australians were there a lot longer than native americans . 
  they 're certainly real . 
  i just do n't think they 're anywhere near as much of an actual threat as people pretend . 
  of those , the funnel web is the only one that 's actively aggressive , and funnel webs are located in only a relatively small area of the country . 
  wizards does a lot that promotes piracy . 
  their obsession with `` local gaming stores '' , a phenomenon largely unexistent outside of north america . 
  by making books more expensive and/or harder to get at most stores , they 're basically forcing people who want stuff fast to turn to piracy . 
  not to mention their refusal to release digital copies . 
  i own all the core books and the scag , but i have pirated copies of all of them as well , because i want a digital copy , and they refuse to sell me one . 
  yeah definitely . 
  everyone should be in on it . 
  i remember the greens . 
  yeah i 'm with you on this . 
  op 's advice is not universal . 
  i used this almost verbatim , with a few changes here and there as felt natural . 
  i thought it went really well . 
  present, 
  edit , meta : this is as good a place to put it as any . 
  just letting people know that i 'm in a different time zone at the moment , so i might take longer to respond to things that go up in the morning or early afternoon than i would otherwise . 
  they were worried that some people might find the parallels with the terrorism/bombing too unsettling/disturbing/offensive so soon after the paris attacks . 
   humans are not humanoid . 
  i think that is also the current popular usage, 
  not in my experience . 
  most fantasy and sci-fi uses of `` humanoid '' refer to anything that is roughly a torso , head , two legs , two arms , and walks upright , or mostly upright , with options for slightly variations on that theme ( two heads , perhaps , or 4 arms and 2 legs , might be considered humanoid ) . 
  this includes humans , as well as other races like elves , dwarves , klingons , and vulcans . 
  i used my gdc in physics hl exams . 
  not needing to refer back to the data booklet constantly for the values of things like g and k is such a boon . 
  a scandal is when someone can come down with a treatable illness or injury through no fault of their own , and be unable to afford said treatment because it is too costly or their salary is not sufficient to cover it and put food on the table and keep water and electricity running to the home . 
  that is what happens * all the time * in countries without good healthcare systems , such as the united states . 
  it is an abomination , and anyone who seeks to make our beautiful country more like that should be laughed at for the fool they are . 
  i was not responding to scientific correctness , only to `` the current popular usage '' , i.e. , the way people actually tend to use it . 
  for example , i know for a fact that humans in dungeons & dragons are listed as `` humanoid '' . 
  the alternative would be something like `` monstrosity '' , `` beast '' , or `` fiend '' . 
  that is a stupidly na\u00efve viewpoint to have . 
  one ca n't just * choose * to `` work harder to earn enough money '' . 
  ah right , thanks for all that . 
  as far as i can gather , this all went down long after my interest in the wiggles . 
  last time i watched them , greg was still there and had never left . 
  it was my understanding that posting the bills was your responsibility , and then i would call others for the debate . 
  and steve gibson . 
  paging / u/jnd-au for clarification ? 
  so , for clarification , it seems your problem here was n't with how stealth works , but with how to read monster stat blocks . 
  there are two relevant sections . 
  if you look at [ this stat block ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tedkgcu.jpg ) , you 'll see a section called `` skills '' , and there 's the section listing their scores in the 6 primary abilities . 
  the 6 primary abilities are exactly the same as for player characters , and any skills that they use are going to key off of these abilities . 
  the `` skills '' section is basically telling you which skills the monster is `` proficient '' in , but their proficiency does n't always work in the same way as for players ( it is n't always the same value for each skill ) . 
  it gives you the score for any skills where the score is n't just exactly equal to the ability it keys off of . 
  for example , the ancient red dragon has skills listed as stealth and perception . 
  you 'll note that its dex is +0 , but its stealth is +7 , because it has a particular ability with stealth . 
  similarly , despite its wisdom being +2 , its perception is +16 . 
  any * other * wisdom based skills , like medicine , will still be +2 , but perception it is very good at . 
  saving throws work the same way . 
  if they 're not listed , just use the score from the ability score section . 
  if they are listed , it 's because they 're particularly good at saving with that ability , so they 've listed it specially . 
  nay !, 
  if they find being called by their own party name insulting , they should change their name . 
  edit it back and stuff them . 
  the op article is equally at fault for not fact-checking . 
  they should not be rehashing news stories that they do n't have reason to believe is accurate . 
   does it mean they are filming past 13 episodes ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they were confirmed for a full 20 + episode season after just the pilot . 
  paging / u/jnd-au is this right ? 
  also in the monster manual , the rakshasa has vulnerability to piercing damage from magical weapons wielded by a good character . 
  also / r/dndgreentext !, 
  i honestly do n't even understand how people have problems with initiative . 
  angry 's ideas are so incredibly obvious , and all these complicated systems people come up with make no sense . 
  paging / u/this _ guy22 to move debate ( you may seek leave for all bills to be debated in cognate if you wish ) . 
   i think the requiem is amazing and that it as such stands out from most of his works , which i ... often think are predictable and not so noteworthy, 
  i 've got ta be honest , to a large extent i agree , though perhaps not quite as much . 
  i love his requiem ( in its entirety , including the lacrimosa ) , his 40th and 41st symphonies , his clarinet concerto and quintet , and a few of his horn concertos . 
  beyond that , i find most of his works rather dull . 
  they do n't fill it up , because the components are n't being used up by the spell . 
  the only time a spell 's components are used up by casting the spell is when it specifically says so in the description . 
  i 'm not a fan of opera as a form in general , so no , not really them . 
  there are a few bits and pieces of piano concertos that i like ( parts of the second movevement of his 21st , for example -- but even that i find kinda dull outside of the initial themes ) , but i 'm not a huge fan of most of mozart 's piano concertos . 
  i 'm not overly familiar with his quartets to be honest . 
  oh that 's very interesting . 
  i never noticed that before , but you 're absolutely right . 
  [ more information about this point ] ( http://theangrygm.com/five-simple-rules-for-dating-my-teenaged-skill-system/ ) if anyone is curious . 
  that article should be mandatory reading for every dm , in my opinion . 
  yeah , i mean , from a similar front , just look how long it took someone to finally get the copyright claim on happy birthday struck down . 
  and there would be far more interest and demand for that to happen than for people to make use of this patent . 
  does this happen no matter how you 're viewing it ? 
  what quality are the videos playing in ? 
  is it full screen , `` theatre mode '' , or `` default view '' ? 
  have you tried edge or firefox ? 
  i doubt it 's entirely a chrome problem .
