  the gameplay in 2 felt * really * repetitive to me , even if the story and characters were brilliant . 
  portal 1 had all three top notch . 
  his point with that statement is that people who claim the sequel can never be better than the original are talking rubbish . 
  i think it 's worth noting that my accent does n't really pronounce the r in floor . 
  floor perfectly rhymes with paw in my accent . 
  yeah , some people say it that way , too . 
  there 's also people who say floot-ist ( that one 's spelt different , though : flutist ) . 
  i saw a doge comment that i found funny once , but for the most part that seems like an * incredibly * inane attempt at humour . 
  i 've never understood that . 
  what 's the context in which you need him ? 
  well no , that 's my point . 
  despite writing it as `` floor '' , the r is n't pronounced , because `` floor '' does n't get pronounced with an explicit r sound in my accent . 
   the typography is crear, 
  but yours is n't , amiright ? 
  i 'll see myself out . 
   it follows that you would be fine with all other commission jobs should become non-commission also, 
  not true at all . 
  commission implies a fixed percentage based on performance . 
  commission would n't work in a restaurant because people who go into a restaurant have already decided that they want to eat there -- the only thing that someone could do to increase their commission if that 's how it worked would be by convincing them to buy more expensive meals or get more drinks . 
  tipping is instead merely an expected but technically optional extra hidden fee on top of the advertised price . 
  i see it as not all that different from not including tax in the stated price -- which is a debate in itself . 
   the desire to get a good tip most often reflects in a servers performance . 
  give them a straight wage and there is no incentive to give superior service . 
  this is an argument i 've seen frequently , but my experience has been that it 's utter nonsense . 
  i 've been to heaps of different countries , and i 've not noticed any particular increase in quality of service in those countries where tipping is common compared to those where it is not . 
  i think people keep repeating this because it makes sense from a logical standpoint , and most people who quote it probably * have n't * actually experienced it firsthand . 
  yes , and atms get by with not charging a fee if you 're using one owned by your bank . 
  there 's no r in paw either . 
  not all do , but all the esatas i 've seen have had this . 
  if it 's your computer or phone and you use it regularly , just make an active effort to memorise which direction they should be facing so you do n't have to guess every time . 
  many smaller usb keys are unsheathed in the same way , although the slide or rotate out of the body which offers protection when it 's not being used . 
  at worst they 'll require adaptors be included like they currently do for apple . 
  they 're pronounced the same . 
   linux computers can be very cheap these days , over time , linux computers that can game will become very cheap as well . 
  you realise that linux computers are the same as windows computers , right ? 
  it 's the same hardware ( and therefore has the same cost ) ; you just put linux on it instead of paying for windows . 
  we 're discussing flautist , not flutist . 
  both are acceptable words for a person who plays the flute . 
  ah , no worries . 
  i was writing it to make it clear how i pronounce it . 
  it did n't occur to me at the time that other people would interpret that spelling differently . 
  oh well , that 's an awesome story . 
   every season manages to be better than the next one, 
  i hope you mean better than the last one , because otherwise you 're stating that the show gets worse and worse over time . 
   might be for the simple fact that the creators knew zuko vs azula was going to be a thing, 
  this is confirmed as correct in the commentary . 
  as a lefty , i concur . 
  for what it 's worth , the word `` sinister '' originally referred to lefties . 
  p.s. , on another note , wan was a lefty . 
  woolworths is an australian chain ... 
  ( p.s. , we also say queuing . ), 
  the saying `` an eye for an eye '' is a shortening of the phrase `` an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind '' , which is how the person you replied to used it . 
  when you state the full quote , it makes it fairly clear and unambiguous that it 's about limiting vengeance , which is how it seems / u/mikevercetti was using it . 
  as an interesting side note `` blood is thicker than water '' is a shortening of `` the blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb '' , which also quite clearly has the opposite meaning of how the phrase is typically used . 
  no problem . 
  of course you know what you wrote . 
  the question is do you know that it 's wrong ? 
  does n't explain the fact that they panned and followed him . 
  i 'm glad i was n't the only one thinking of that . 
  as a frequent redditor , i concur . 
  ouch , that 's a bloody racket that is . 
  oh man i love this . 
  it 's been ages since i 've seen it . 
  used to follow the piano cat back when this first came out . 
  eh , i doubt it 's the same people . 
  as someone vehemently opposed to capital punishment , i 'm also astounded at the reaction in the thread above by people promoting this idea of `` getting back '' at people in that way . 
  writing it im-ger is somewhat misleading , since if that was an actual word , the g there would be soft . 
  im-gerr or even im-gger would probably be better . 
  ( even better would be to use ipa , but that 's a lot more effort . ), 
  that argument is as incorrect with imgur as it is with gif . 
  how its constituent parts are pronounced has no impact on how an acronym is pronounced . 
  you do n't pronounce scuba with the same u as `` underwater '' , for example . 
  this is slightly off topic , but i fucking love what they did with the music this episode . 
  especially as it related to barry . 
  going for an awesome leitmotif-type style . 
  yeah . 
  she completely scribbled over the h , and continued the line in the y down so it looks like an x. 
  haley, 
  \u2022 alex, 
  i really liked that character development . 
  they 've both become more serious with their lives , and their time together was based on two completely different personalities . 
  they 've evolved , so the relationship does n't work anymore . 
  ok for reference , the only reason i have any idea what you 're talking about is from the arrow annotations for this episode . 
  even so , there 's no reason to necessarily suspect that they 're doing time travel . 
  just because the comics have a time travelling villain as the one that killed barry 's mum , does n't mean they have to in this . 
  there could be another evil speedster for whatever reason that they 'll explain . 
  i imagine that it 'd be really hard to do it this way ( where 'd he get his powers , why did no one ever hear anything else from him , why 'd he kill that one particular person ? 
  ) , but it 's possible . 
  ah , who am i kidding , it 's definitely time travel . 
  reddit 's formatting does n't like likes with brackets in them , since their syntax uses brackets . 
  the natural thing to do is to put it like this :, 
  [ reddit does n't like this wiki link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/top_ ( comics ) ), 
  which displays like this :, 
  [ reddit does n't like this wiki link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/top_ ( comics ) ), 
  but what you need to do is escape the first close bracket like this :, 
  [ reddit does n't like this wiki link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/top_ ( comics \\ ) ), 
  the backslash acts as an escape character and tells reddit `` i want this to be an actual bracket , not part of the syntax '' . 
  it 'll then display like this :, 
  [ reddit does n't like this wiki link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/top_ ( comics \\ ) ), 
  i was a pretty serious olicity shipper up until now , but i 'm completely sold on balicity .
