  i just do n't think it deserves to be considered a game that withstood the test of time . 
   also you drag boxes sideways ? 
  no , but if i were to try to they sure would n't go spasming off some random distance . 
  your first three paragraphs do n't really dignify a response ( to be fair , none of the comment does ) , but i 'll give them one anyway because i like my trolls well-fed . 
  the first two paragraphs are obviously not attempting to have civil conversation about anything , whatever . 
  regarding fps games , at no point did i ever state or even imply that i do n't like fps games . 
  i 'm complaining about a couple of the significant mechanical problems that make hl a dated game . 
  is it one of the best fps games ever made ? 
  yeah , probably . 
  when compiling such a list one usually considers its place in history , and it certainly had an important place in its time . 
  if one were to compile a list purely of the best and most enjoyable fps games out today , hl would certainly * not * deserve to be very high on that list . 
  you quote the definition of significant . 
  why ? 
  i 've already said it has a significant place in history . 
  it 's just not very good today . 
  you should probably work on your reading comprehension skills there buddy . 
  i 've backed up my dislike quite substantially , by describing a number of different examples of mechanical issues the game has , as well as pointing out that the story is too simplistic to be of any particular note in today 's world . 
  if you disagree , that 's your prerogative , but it 'd be nice to see some rational , well-worded arguments as to why , instead of this pitiful attempt at trolling . 
  as for cod , the only one i 've ever played was cod4 . 
  it was a pretty good game . 
  definitely had better mechanics and a better single-player story than half life did . 
  but that 's to be expected : especially with mechanics , it would be pretty bad if they did n't improve in the 9 years between the two . 
  i ca n't speak for any of the more recent games in the series . 
  careful now . 
  the two notes are enharmonically equivalent , but they are n't * the same * . 
  as a clarinetist , saxophonist , and pianist , i 'm with you . 
  for all practical intents and purposes , they are the same note for me . 
  but for a good string player or singer , they actually * are * different -- ever so slightly . 
  [ this thread taught me a fair bit about it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1nsv3y/til_that_since_the_19th_century_western_music_has/ccm844l?context=8 ) a while ago . 
   the algorithms are n't perfect , though . 
  oh god this . 
  youtube still ca n't seem to figure out that classical music compositions are public fucking domain . 
  every time i upload one , it puts some fucking notice saying matched third party content from some generic sheet music publishing organisation . 
  based on just the picture , the third one just looks like she 's got a sore neck . 
  2nd and 5th look guilty about something , and 4th looks like she 's hard at work on something ( or rather , she would , if there were something on the table ) . 
  no the men on tinder a misogynistic , the women on tinder are misandrous . 
  imo neither of them are true . 
  however , the above comment was simply postulating : if men on tinder are misogynistic ( we 're taking this statement as a premise -- true or not ) , then that must mean women on tinder are misandrous ( or misandristic , take your pick ) . 
  yay for homophobic copyright infringement !, 
  yeah the title kinda made it seem as though the navy has promoted women to 4-star admiral before on a monday . 
  i do n't actually believe the premise . 
  i was simply taking the premise to its logical conclusion . 
  wait really ? 
  i must have missed that part . 
  which couple in the iranian version is gay ? 
  oh yeah i saw that , but based on the mother 's reaction to it , and the way the two of them are sitting , i assumed they were just friends studying together . 
  fellow stafford resident , i disagree . 
  the lnp is bad , but i 'd much rather have them than family first . 
  the lnp goes last for me out of the parties that are n't just complete nutters , but the nutters go last . 
  since this thread is already going on with grammar stuff , i thought i 'd point out that your usage of `` aka '' here is n't correct . 
  the first one could * potentially * be correct , if some people actually say `` the bland american accent '' to refer to the midwest accent , but you definitely should n't be using aka to compare it to your accent . 
  it may be more appropriate to use `` i.e. '', 
  in this case . 
  i 'm curious , what does being `` not canadian '' have to do with this ? 
  are there some features only available in canada ? 
  i see no problem with the way you 've written it at the moment . 
  you have n't left any room for ambiguity , so i ca n't see how anyone would make a mistake over what you mean . 
  strictly speaking , you could take the natural signs off of the f and g in the left hand of the piano in bar 22 , and they should be played as naturals . 
  however doing that would make it somewhat ambiguous . 
  the way you 've done it removes that ambiguity . 
  do n't worry about it , it 's fine . 
  indeed i do . 
  the most frustrating one was when i played beethoven pathetique sonata and the harry fox agency decided that i must have been using a copyrighted version of the moonlight sonata . 
  and then , unlike with the generic agencies that i usually get tagging my performances , hfa did n't release it almost immediately upon launching a false claim application . 
  nope , those fuckers waited the full 30 days that youtube 's decided they 're allowed . 
  kinda works in english if you treat it as an abbreviation rather than an initialism . 
  pretend it 's `` egsample '' , i.e. , example . 
  that 's obviously not what it actually stands for , but it works . 
  is harder . 
  i usually just substitute it for `` that is '' . 
  regarding st , the fact that it stands for both saint and street amuses me . 
  my university is near coldridge st , st lucia, 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  i did n't even know they did that . 
   i 've never heard anyone in the midwest ( i , too , live in the midwest ) ever refer to the accent as the bland american accent . 
  neither have i , but not being from anywhere near there ( another continent ) , i put in that second paragraph as a safeguard just in case people did use it that way . 
  regarding his accent , though , i do n't agree . 
  unless he is famous for his accent , very few people would say `` the / u/emmermonster accent '' in place of `` the midwest accent '' . 
  now , for someone famous , i * can * conceivably imagine someone using it that way . 
  for example , i can imagine ( although i 've never actually come across it ) someone referring to `` the schwarzenegger accent '' in place of `` the german/austrian accent '' . 
  so i do n't think using `` aka '' in the way he did is correct . 
  if the sentence was reversed , `` my accent , aka the midwestern accent '' , then perhaps it would make sense . 
  to be honest it really seems like youtube 's whole approach to copyright is completely and fundamentally broken , and i think a lot of youtubers feel the same way . 
  for classical music , [ imslp ] ( http://imslp.org/wiki ) is your go-to resource . 
  i 've never had much luck with film scores , though . 
  i can usually find piano arrangements just by googling , and sometimes i 'll get lucky and find an orchestral arrangement someone 's made , but finding official copies of the original scoring is nigh impossible . 
   candidates of people , body parts , live animals , etc. 
  ; please , just do n't . 
  a nice touch . 
  but anyway , it 's good to see them trying to clarify things . 
  the rules have been pretty vague and i 'm glad to know that they do have a set of consistent rules that they should be going by . 
  sibelius actually has some pretty decent features for this , in its `` arrange '' features . 
  i have n't used them extensively , and i imagine they 're not perfect , but it could be used as a starting point for manually creating a good reduction . 
  the site 's working for me in australia , and a couple of random videos i tried also work . 
  dunno if they 'll be selectively blocking community when it 's released , though . 
  was n't young justice cn ? 
  it had long hiatuses , i think it may have been put on in a bad timeslot , and in the end it got cancelled right when the show was going really well . 
  not very different from community on nbc , if you follow that , except yj got cancelled after only 2 seasons . 
   buy the separate units , and change your batteries when you change your clocks !, 
  i do n't think that would work these days .
