  ( oh , and just fyi , it 's 2 am here right now , so do n't expect too many responses very quickly . ), 
  yeah i do wonder if it would have been the same during season 5 . 
  the season had pretty mixed receptions in this subreddit , with a significant number of people not liking it all that much . 
  not to mention the arguments between people who irrationally hate on season 4 and the people that do n't mind it . 
  not in this respect it has n't . 
  this was one of the core features since the beginning . 
  i was talking about the country , not the state of texas . 
  your tsa is -- from what i 've heard , pretty damn awful compared to the security to enter other countries . 
  because of him it took me half a season to completely come around to trusting ray palmer . 
  [ here 's a good interview by one of my favourite aussie youtubers with someone from netflix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9eblmp8ara ) . 
  you do n't need to sign up for both separately . 
  pay for netflix in one place , and you can access it anywhere in the world . 
  you just get the content of whatever country you 're `` in '' ( the vpn obviously makes them think you 're `` in '' somewhere that you 're not ) . 
  so you can pay for just netflix aus * only * , and use your vpn to pretend to be in america , and watch the american content . 
  at least until ( if ) tpg 's purchase of iinet gets approved . 
  they have released pricing . 
  [ $ 10 per month ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/digital-life/digital-life-news/australian-netflix-pricing-and-launch-date-revealed-report-20150109-12kx3r.html ) . 
  they apparently have three-tier pricing . 
  i dunno what you get for the higher tiers , but the $ 10 price is the lowest tier . 
  considering the us 's lowest tier costs $ 8 , that seems like pretty good pricing to me . 
  as for content , yeah , that 's the biggest thing i 'm worried about . 
  i just do n't want to have to bother to set up a vpn or whatever in order to * legally * watch content . 
  i 'd rather step through hoops to pirate than step through hoops to stay legal . 
  so how much content they have is the biggest factor for me . 
  10 dollars for the lowest tier . 
  considering it 's 8 in the us , that seems pretty reasonable to me . 
  no pricing released for the other tiers . 
  you could . 
  signing up in a different country is a bit of a hassle though , is n't it ? 
  do n't you need a credit card from that country , or some way to fake one ? 
  i would recommend people in australia sign up for the australian one in order to show support for netflix in australia , and give them incentive to acquire the rights to more content here . 
  also would n't be cheaper to do that at the moment anyway . 
  at the current exchange rate , you 'd be paying $ 10.28 aud if you signed up in america , plus the processing fee . 
  one of the residential colleges at my university got solar panels last year . 
  they estimated they 'd pay themselves off in two years . 
  yes they have . 
  the lowest tier in australia will be 10 dollars . 
  no , tpg is the one buying iinet , so their performance likely wo n't change . 
  if anything , it may get better since they can use any infrastructure iinet owns . 
  i misread the `` or '' as a `` for '' . 
  so much worse ... 
  they did n't cut that scene . 
  you just blinked and missed it . 
  yeah that 's why i said at least . 
  the freezone may or may not go , but it definitely wo n't until the merger goes through . 
  it 's not the university , it 's a residential college at the university . 
  colleges here are a little bit like fraternities are in america , but more centrally organised . 
  but you 're right , it is with the subsidies . 
  though as far as i 'm aware the subsidies are n't all that substantial any more . 
  if they currently expect 2 years to pay itself off , i 'd be surprised if 5 years was n't enough sans subsidy . 
  some people like to drop the h off of words for no reason . 
  like they 're pretending they 're french or something . 
  there 's an h in herb , i pronounce it as such . 
  oh , well if that 's what you meant , then yeah , i was very aware of what i was doing , 
   then there are the english who pronounce the ` h ' when they say the letter ` h ' . 
  a lot of australians do this , too . 
  i 'm australian , and was always brought up being told that you 're not supposed to pronounce the h when saying the letter h , but apparently the rest of my compatriates did n't get the memo . 
  it just sounds so terrible pronouncing it ... 
  i actually think my favourite episode of got is `` the laws of gods and men '' , s04e06 , where tyrion does his speech . 
  either that or `` the children '' , s04e10 , with the toilet scene , and jon 's chat with mance ( and what follows that ) , not to mention the titular children . 
   thor was already an established hero by then , they just needed someone to helm it, 
  which movie are you talking about here ? 
  `` thor '' ? 
  because i know before it , i had never heard of thor as a superhero . 
  i know him from norse mythology , but i had no idea the norse gods existed in the marvel universe . 
  if you mean avengers or thor 2 , then i agree with you . 
  the legality of those sorts of things is grey . 
  but either way , it 's still something that 's forcing me to step through hoops . 
  i just flat out refuse to step through hoops to get something legally . 
  even if it 's a little bit easier than torrenting , it 's still significantly harder than being able to just watch netflix without stepping through hoops . 
  it 's also not free . 
  torrenting is super easy , costs me nothing , and even ends up with a few * advantages * over even hassle-free netflix ( in the form of watching things offline later ) . 
  when i have to step through hoops to watch what i want on netflix , i 'm just going to turn to torrenting instead . 
  yeah it 's used as both of those in the countries op mentioned . 
  the part she 's interested in is specifically its use as `` thanks '' . 
  edit she . 
  sort of a hwy pronunciation ? 
  like frank underwood says it ? 
  because i absolutely love the sound of the way he says it . 
  if you 're paying for netflix at all , you 're obviously supporting them . 
  in that case , what you should really try to do is support them * specifically in australia * , so that they have more incentive to provide a better service and get more content available here . 
  posting at 4:30 am probably was n't a smart idea , i doubt you 'll get many responses . 
  but anyway , personally , i am absolutely not going to be signing up for * any * service where i ca n't get a definitive ** list ** indexing at least the vast majority of the content they have available . 
  i just want to be able to clearly find what will and wo n't be available on different services to decide which has the best offer . 
  but regarding netflix vs. stan , i 'm personally bitter that stan decided to buy exclusive rights to community season 6 here in aus , when it 's airing in america on yahoo for free . 
  i do n't want to be paying for something that 's buying exclusive rights to something that 's already * free * elsewhere on demand . 
  for most people , i suspect it 's mostly just that netflix has the big name and everyone recognises it . 
  they probably also associate it with the immense amount of content it has in america -- which is what they 've been accessing through it already through vpns . 
  it wo n't have that here , but i think subconsciously people probably imagine it in that way . 
  on a more practical level , paying for netflix in australia means you can still vpn to access its american library , while supporting the local business venture , which will over time mean that they have incentive to purchase the rights to more content . 
  you could do this with stan , too , but with netflix you have the advantage that in the mean time , you 've still got that content by vpning to america , which you ca n't do with stan . 
  oh , and house of cards . 
  ninja edit : re-reading this comment i 'm appalled at my grammar . 
  but it 's 4:30 am and i have n't slept , so fuck it . 
  night . 
  as far as i 'm aware , paywave and paypass are universally interchangeable . 
  i do n't know about american express . 
  i do n't think many places here support them as a normal card , so i do n't know how their nfc system would be supported . 
  do n't they completely fuck over the stores ? 
  like , way worse than visa and mastercard ?
