  sorry , but yes , you really do . 
  wp : v , `` even if you 're sure something is true , it must be verifiable before you can add it . '', 
  that 's one of the most important rules of wikipedia , and it prevents people from violating wp : or . 
  wp :3 rr is an unusual one , and i must say i have n't come across it before , but honestly i do n't think it should have applied in your case . 
  in fact , it should have been applied against him for removing your ( now sourced ) material . 
  wp : n . if a topic is n't notable enough to warrant an article all of its own , it should be merged into another article . 
  australia , and the uk . 
  seriously , those guys have a fucking bizarre obsession with our soaps . 
  who the fuck is honey boo boo ? 
  i do n't know about her even from my ( rather extensive ) time on the internet . 
  a quick search tells me that [ this article about her show ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honey_boo_boo ) does exist . 
  it seems fair to me to say that her show is what 's notable really , and not her per se . 
  the bike picture is actually a really nice photo . 
  it 's not high art , but it 's an incredibly good snapshot . 
  that one definitely deserves its time in the front page , although it 's nowhere near as good as the mirror one that was posted earlier today . 
  but that 's exactly it , wikipedia does n't care about , and * should n't * care about fact in and of itself . 
  because of the very nature of it , they need to take a hard line on verifiability . 
  sure they could let in some obvious things , but where to draw the line ? 
  it 's extremely subjective , and as such it 's easier to just remove any subjectivity and demand everything is sourced . 
  then perhaps the legislation should be to require fact-based ads , rather than remove them entirely ? 
  what 's the podcast , out of interest 's sake ? 
  if it 's got a large number of sources talking about it , it should be notable enough for its own article . 
  if it 's part of a network ( e.g. 
  leo laporte 's twit network or the 5by5 network ) then most likely the network is notable enough for an article , but the specific podcast itself is n't . 
  but why is masking by hand the best way to do it in this case ? 
  would n't it be easier to chroma-key it out , since all that 's happening is removing the inside of the mirror ? 
  use a blue screen rather than green on account of the green plants , but still use chroma-keying ( aka ` green screening ' ) . 
  nah man , they 're completely different . 
  a difference of about 65025 , or 00fe01 . 
  ^ ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ ^ 00ff00 ^ ^ ^ - ^ ^ ^ 0000ff . 
  there already is . 
  look closely , the edge is like the inside edge of an orange portal . 
  dude you just went from awesome to unbelievably awesome !, 
  you watch korra , too ? 
  edit : is azula the cat in the picture ? 
  the problem as i see it is that there are virtually no serious articles talking about it . 
  that 's part of the criteria for notability . 
  given the number of people listening i 'd say if there were people talking about it then it would easily be notable , but unfortunately there are n't . 
  funny you say that , because the * actual * op of this * did * submit to / r/aww [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1lrjxk/reddit_meet_iroh/ ) . 
  i may be wrong , but i feel like anyone with even a cursory knowledge of classical music history will know about beethoven living around the time of napoleon, 
  i agree it 's probably not meant to be played that many times , but satie never would have known cage . 
  despite what you 'd think , satie is actually a romantic era composer , not 20thc . 
  urgh that would be awful . 
  basco could voice it differently , or perhaps there 's some effect that they could add that would n't sound fake and modulate his voice to sound older , but getting someone else to voice zuko would just be wrong . 
  if they only get a certain amount free , they might want more than their quota . 
  yeah i got the joke , i just thought it was stupid so i shot it down . 
  haha wow , that 's actually really cool !, 
  thanks fire sharing . 
  i dunno , i 'd say given she already has the s & m and the d she might be interested in a b to make bdsm . 
  canadian ? 
  how does skittles and smarties make someone canadian ? 
  ps , smarties are so much better than m&m s. 
  you have both noe been sued by larrikin music . 
  noooice maaate . 
  oh right . 
  they 're really common here in aus as well . 
  key word being good . 
  i 'm just going to add to the number of people who use dude as a gender neutral term . 
  heck , i probably use it more often with females than males . 
  no , he beans defendants , the people who are defending him . 
   it 's perhaps the last time we `` got it right '', 
  i dunno , i 'd say korea too . 
  did n't win that one per se , but the un troops ( under us command ) did prevent the entire peninsula now looking like what the north is today . 
  it 's the same in korea , to an extent . 
  no it 's a hypothetical . 
  the person you first replied to is saying that what the japanese leaders do would be similar to if germans ( in particular their leaders ) were to visit hitler 's grave . 
  true , but it was obvious from context what he meant . 
  wtf ? 
  sure they 're slightly different , but they 're both lollies with an ellipsoid-like shape , with a chocolate centre , and coloured hard outer coating . 
  it 's more like comparing a manual car to an automatic , though that is still an awful analogy . 
   south korea is one of a very short list of countries that [ rely on cdma based cell phone technologies ] ( http://cellphones.about.com/od/phoneglossary/g/cdma.htm ) vs gsm . 
  huh , i did not know this . 
  i was too young when i lived there to care about mobile phones and have never bothered looking into it since i left . 
   they also are the only country to have widespread christianity . 
  christianity is rampant in south america , and it 's by far the most common religion in western europe ( heck , europe in general ) and australia/new zealand . 
  it 's also far from unheard of in other countries , though it may not be the largest . 
  since we 're taking about wars , vietnam is a great example of this . 
  dude what the fuck . 
  the horn is a * godly * instrument . 
  it just sounds amazing . 
  you know that cool epic theme from that movie with the awesome music ? 
  yeah , that 's almost certainly horn . 
  then there 's things like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z4kk7rwjmk ) , particularly 0:53 , 3:00 , 4:20 -- 4:30 , 8:52 ( in conjunction with trumpets ) , 17:52 ( ouch , he missed that entrance ) , then throughout the movement , 23:25 -- 23:35 , 25:27 -- 25:36 , 31:38 ( missed this one too ... ) , and many more besides . 
   it does n't matter how technically interesting the music is if it is n't pleasant to the ears . 
  hello most baroque music . 
  but seriously , i 'm not a huge fan of most metal on account of the vocals , but god damn some of it can be incredible technically . 
  wan shi tong is coming back that 's awesome !, 
  i thought it was really sad when he had to remove his wealth of knowledge from the world . 
  wow the announcer voice guy sounded incredibly dull ... 
  odd , i was able to watch it just fine in australia . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're referring to . 
  according to wikipedia larrikin music owns publishing rights to kookaburra . 
  to add somewhat to what / u/curiosity _ abounds said , there 's no scientific evidence that no god exists . 
  there could very well be a god which created the universe , just not in its current form . 
  instead , it is possible that it set up the conditions that lead to the big bang , including all current laws of physics . 
  a deist type god , rather than one that matches most major religions . 
  i personally am atheist and do n't believe such a god exists , but i would never make the claim that it is absolutely false . 
  hilariously awesome is definitely not how i would 've described the voice in this video . 
  it sounded dull and uninterested to me . 
  watched the video too , 3 minutes in and have n't laughed once ...
