  but then , that 's why i like ipa . 
  it 's less ambiguous . 
  yup , same is true in qld . 
  i 'm having trouble viewing it on my phone . 
  i 'll try again when i 'm on my desktop , but i 'm just curious . 
  why is there a need for a dvorak specific vim cheatsheet ? 
  are n't the keyboard shortcuts the same as on qwerty ? 
  the subreddit has grown substantially since it was first posted . 
  lots of people on here may not have seen it . 
  and it 's an absolutely fantastic post . 
  imo one of the top 10 we 've ever had here . 
  i say it 's perfectly fine here . 
  haha man , do n't worry about it . 
  the subreddit has grown heaps since it was last posted , and it 's totally an awesome post . 
  worth reposting . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's not an insult to them because they do n't believe it . 
  it 's an insult to the person they passed , iff that person * does * believe that getting passed by a girl is insulting . 
   tor but some people do n't trust it . 
  i do n't think there 's anybody who does n't trust tor as compared to a regular non-tor browser . 
  it 's just that tor does n't provide the near-perfect security that its proponents claim . 
  it 's definitely better than nothing , just not so much better than nothing that one can use it and then disregard security . 
  in salem , massachusetts in the 17th century , they killed a bunch of people who said `` which '' too much . 
  you can also get it on android by long pressing the ' = ' key . 
  maybe ios , too ? 
  yeah good point . 
  i 'm using swiftkey , which works that way . 
  i think the stock keyborad does , too . 
   l r c g f y p . 
  - s n t h d i u e o a, 
  z v w m b x k j q ;, 
  what was metagaming ? 
  ah fair enough . 
  except that it 's not making any assumption about girls as a whole . 
  it 's making an assumption only about the people who * think * that stuff about girls . 
  it 's insulting to douchebags . 
  some people actually do n't read things in their head this way . 
  i * think * most people do ( i know i do ) but not all do . 
  fun fact : it 's called subvocalisation . 
  the high school i moved to in year 9 did 300 m races for girls , 400 m for boys . 
  same with the inter-school competitions that school participated in . 
  i had always thought it was weird . 
  sometimes the implied joke works better than the explicitly stated one . 
  is 17th march the date they 've announced for the release of the show or something ? 
  if not , what 's significant about that day ? 
  it 's not a black and white issue like that . 
  sure , yahoo did n't come up with the idea for community themselves , but does that necessarily mean that this season -- which they are entirely funding the production of , and will be the sole ( or at least primary ) distributor for it in the us ( and maybe internationally ) -- ca n't be considered an original . 
  netflix was in the exact same situation with arrested development . 
  but that 's not the only potentially grey example . 
  look at house of cards . 
  one could argue that perhaps they should n't call that a `` netflix original '' since it 's based on a uk show , which was based on a book . 
  or that orange is the new black should n't be netflix original since it 's based off of a real person 's memoirs . 
  to me , it seems that all of these can be justifiably called `` originals '' , but i can certainly understand that someone might make the argument that some of these would not be . 
  either way , they 're certainly not `` pretty much lying '' because of it . 
   if yahoo gets the cast of friends to come back and make a final bonus episode , should yahoo be able to add friends to their list of exclusive ? 
  they can call that bonus episode of friends a `` yahoo original '' , sure . 
  it 's the same as what they 're doing with community , and the same as what netflix did with ad . 
  and it 's only a step removed from hoc and oitnb . 
  sure those last two are n't exactly the same , but they 're sort of along the same spectrum . 
  it 's not a straw man because i 'm not saying `` this is the exact same situation '' i 'm saying that these are similar issues that lie on a spectrum , and where you cut the line is up for debate . 
  i certainly see your argument , and that perhaps they 're not quite `` originals '' , but i could also see the argument if someone decided to say hoc was not an original . 
  it 's just different positions on the spectrum , and i really do n't see how one could claim that any viewpoint on this is `` lying '' . 
  oh wow , thank you for this . 
  i ca n't believe someone has n't said it higher up in the thread . 
  i have a 15 inch laptop with an i7 in it . 
  it 's only about 2.5 kg and 2.4 cm tall ( more or less uniform height , as opposed to this one that 's absolutely huge at one end , and tapers down to something more reasonable at the other ) . 
  admittedly , not nearly as cheap as the $ 800 one above ( but then , is also better specced ) . 
  edit : it 's a mbp . 
  if you want a laptop that has the capability to do high performance tasks like video editing , while also being really easy to use ( in terms of driver stuff , running high quality software , and good software/hardware interaction through things like f-key alternate functions that actually work as desired and a good trackpad ) , and having access to a unix terminal for programming-related fields , a mac running os x ca n't be beat . 
  windows loses out for the lack of a terminal and hardware/software interaction , and linux loses out for drivers and high quality software ( seriously , there just are n't any video editors out there nearly as good as adobe , apple , and avid make , let alone sony 's lower-end options , and that 's just one particular field ) . 
  of course , that 's just one very specific use case . 
  it happens to be my use case , and it 's why i have a mac laptop . 
  it absolutely is the best option out there for how i use my computer . 
  there are many other ways to use a computer . 
  for some of those , a mac will also be the option . 
  in other cases , it 's windows , and yet others , linux is a great choice . 
  heck , there 's a user just a little way down in this thread for whom the best option is no laptop at all -- android or ios ( heck , maybe even windows phone -- he did n't specify ) is more than enough for when he 's not at his desk . 
  ( and , fwiw , i have a custom-built desktop running windows . 
  i do n't consider the build quality as important in a desktop , and i already have the laptop for all my programming and media editing stuff . 
  the desktop is great for gaming . 
  both get used for web browsing , watching movies , etc. ), 
  talking about how society is dumb for thinking a mac is a good option just shows your incredible ignorance about the market as it stands . 
   they have already joined the pantheon of bose, 
  wait , we 're comparing beats to bose ? 
  one is generally regarded as the best audio option for noisy environments -- as well as a significantly better-than-average , but not necessarily superb , option for more general use -- and the other is generally regarded as across-the-board bad . 
   this post could not be found . 
   this url may be incorrect , the post may have been deleted or the post may not have been shared with this account, 
  well that 's a shame . 
  was looking forward to a cool cricket game or two to play in light of the world cup . 
  please please * please * do n't do this . 
  youtube creators that are n't in the top 100 or so make * really * little money as is . 
  if you like their stuff enough to be watching them , you should support them . 
  if they have the option , support them on subabble or patreon or buy their merchandise and disable ads on their channel ( if your adblocker supports that ) . 
  if they do n't have any way to directly support them , please * please * just watch the ads . 
  blocking ads , especially with small - and even medium-time content-creators like much of youtube , is directly taking income away from them , when they 're offering you a service that you enjoy completely free of charge . 
  just switch to a different tab and do something else while the video plays -- youtube registers it the same either way . 
   they do n't care about bloatware, 
  i 'm not sure you 're right about this . 
  i 've talked to many people who are annoyed by this stuff , or confused about what it is and why it 's there . 
  for most people , a computer that comes with just windows or a mac with just os x , a computer without all that bloatware , would be a massive improvement .
