  i had no idea it was still going on , because on my routes , they all seem to be scabs . 
  transitional forms as an absolute may not make sense , but saying one thing is a transitional form between two others certainly does . 
  they 're asking if one set of traits is known to frequently be the ancestor of another , which is an entirely reasonable question . 
  sorry you had to find out this way mate , but your kid is actually a security guard . 
  peter dutton is a cunt : me, 
  hey , i just noticed that the matched text does n't actually use a space in the code , it uses the html entity ` & # 32 ; ` . 
  could automod be parsing that differently than a space ? 
   teamtiles that work for both teams, 
  this needs a better name . 
  you ca n't go calling it `` team '' tiles if it works for everyone . 
  maybe juke tiles ? 
   remove all servers and have 1 centralized server, 
  fuck no . 
  for australians , the game is utterly unplayable on us or eu servers . 
  i ca n't imagine the experience is much better for eu players on us servers , either . 
  i 'm in favour of :, 
  * the way it is now, 
  * whoever remains alone on the pup, 
  * whoever is sitting over the centre of the tile, 
  not a fan of :, 
  * whoever is first on the tile, 
  * whoever is * most recent * on the tile, 
  * whoever is closest to the centre but not actually on the centre, 
  yeah that works really well . 
  i hear about problems with police in victoria way more often than i do in queensland . 
  as the others have said , this part has two voices . 
  it 's not super well notated , because generally for two voices you try to make the higher part 's stems point up , and the lower part point down . 
  so right from the start , the dotted minum and the first few semiquavers are badly written out . 
  but it gets even worse when you get to the last beat of the second bar , because there they 've decided to flip the semiquavers to point upwards ( indicating they 're in the same voice as the double dotted minum ) , and put the quaver ( which is * actually * in the same voice as the minum ) with stem down . 
  also left out the initial rest in the semiquaver voice , although that 's less unusual in a case that should be fairly rhythmically clear like this one is . 
  there are literally millions of pieces out there . 
  it depends on what you 're interested in , what your level of skill is , etc. 
  the question , as you 've posed it , is far too broad to get any meaningful answers . 
  [ this article covers all your options ] ( https://techinmusiced.wordpress.com/2016/12/21/sheet-music-scanner-update/ ) . 
  notateme uses photoscore as its scanning backend . 
  i do n't know specifically what it 's like on mobile , but the desktop version of it is the de facto standard sheet music-to-midi scanner . 
  unfortunately , the mobile app currently requires you take a photo of your sheet music , rather than reading from pdf . 
  sheet music scanner is the only ios app that can currently handle recognition of a pdf . 
  honestly , with a dungeon i would n't even give them compass directions . 
  i 'd tell them which tunnel to follow to get to them . 
  ping is all about how long it takes to get a signal from you to the server and back . 
  you ca n't make it ( much ) better by improving the server . 
  the whole network connection between the two points would have to be improved . 
  from australia , the game will lag a fuckload if you try to play on a us-based server because it 's a long fucking way with a lot of routers in between , and less than ideal provisioning along the way . 
  the nature of what 's being served does n't make a difference . 
  [ got it from here ] ( http://taioo.net/sheet-music/tv/game-of-thrones/ ) . 
  i also [ re-notated the first page ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=0byjhrwzi6znoemlkzdkwte11wfu ) to use fewer leger lines and be more legible . 
  or , for poetry, 
  you can press the space bar twice, 
  ` fore pressing enter, 
  but yeah , pressing enter twice is the correct way to do things most of the time . 
  it inserts a true new paragraph . 
  pressing space twice and then enter at the end of a line merely inserts a `` line break '' . 
  what 's the format of them like ? 
  i picked up antigone to read for school , but found the structure of it so frustrating to read that i put it down just a few pages in . 
  i learnt something really interesting recently about nobility . 
  at least the british aristocracy , not sure about other ones . 
  daughters actually * outrank * younger sons . 
  that is to say , in a big family with a lot of children , the eldest son is the highest ranking of them , then all the daughters , and then all the other sons . 
  it 's sort of only a technicality used for addressing people in the proper manner , because if the eldest son dies , the next eldest one inherits his title ( assuming he has no children of his own ) , so it 's not like the daughter can actually inherit over a son . 
  but still , i thought it was cool . 
  this is quite off topic , but it relates to feudal systems , lords , ladies , and that kind of thing . 
  just thought it was interesting . 
  til i should avoid cereal , bread , juice , washing powder , dishwashing tablets , toothpaste , deodorant , rice , pasta , herbs , and a bunch of other things at my local store , because they 're not on the perimeter . 
  at least i 've still got milk , fruits , veggies , and meat , though . 
  this is a terrible tip . 
  you can certainly read much faster , but i find i retain less information when reading than i do with a video or in-person lecture . 
  that 's the dungeon master 's guild for you . 
  french is n't vigesimal , it 's just fuckin ' weird . 
  unique words up until 16 . 
  then 17 -- 19 are `` 10 7 '' etc. 
  then the standard base 10 system from 20 to 69 . 
  but from 70 until 79 its `` 60 and 10 '' to `` 60 and 19 '' . 
  then they briefly pretend to be vigesimal from 80 to 99 , with `` 4 20s '' to `` 4 20s and 19 '' . 
  you 're a liar . 
  there is no such thing as too many opponents killed for a barbarian . 
  hey sorry , but this is a subreddit for sharing stories from roleplaying games . 
  you might be better off posting this on / r/dnd . 
  yeah , i started responding to one of the comments on there , before realising it just was n't worth it . 
  it 's pretty clearly this . 
  he does n't say `` my girlfriend told me she read '' he says `` i was transcribing a diary '' . 
  eh , i thought it was pretty clear that the person was uploading their own stuff . 
  i dislike this post because it 's a huge amount of homebrew that seems to have been created completely in the dark without any community feedback , and it 's posted on a really shitty platform that fails to encourage creation of high quality content . 
  but shilling ? 
  nah , there 's nothing wrong with people posting their own work , so long as they do n't hide the fact that it 's their own . 
  i 'm not sure it 's hdr that 's caused the problems here . 
  look how washed out all the highlights are . 
  that should n't happen in hdr . 
  it 's just some other weird effect that 's been applied for some reason . 
  the answer to this is to apply a consistent set of translations before storing . 
  not necessarily easy for all languages , but it is * possible * . 
  \u017c , \u017a , and z all get substituted as `` z '' before the hash , both when first entering the security question into the database , and when prompting the user for it at a later date . 
  the challenge then is finding all possible characters that users might substitute for each other , in all languages . 
  exact matches can be done with hashes too . 
  just have to preformat the string correctly before running it through the hash function . 
  the simplest example ( but ** not ** a completely sufficient one for most use cases ) would be running all strings through ` str.tolowercase ( ) ` or similar , and then hashing the result of that ( with a salt ) . 
  unless the end result is being verified by a human , the result has to be manipulated in some way by a computer and then a result determined by that computer * anyway * , so why not at least have it stored in a secure manner ? 
  touch\u00e9, 
  if you wan na go for it , i say go for it . 
  who 's gon na know ?
