  these days the distinction is n't usually made , and it 's just used as 1st world = developed , 3rd world = developing . 
  to be honest , if forced to use the ` nth world ' terminology , yeah , i 'd call mexico third world . 
  but it 's exactly that same hesitation you have -- as well as the complicated history of the terms which make modern usage somewhat ambiguous -- that would cause me to avoid that entire terminology altogether . 
  saying ` developing countries ' is far clearer . 
  when you press `` enter giveaway '' it links you to steamcommunity.com to enter your details . 
  that 's the official steam website , and it 's showing up for me as having its certificate verified . 
  so i 'd assume it 's totally legit . 
  in latin america it 's usually taught that `` america '' is just one continent . 
  most of the rest of the world teaches that north and south america are two continents , and sometimes collectively referred to as `` the americas '' . 
  neither is really more correct than the other , because the definition of continent is n't very specific . 
  see [ this incredible video explaining the situation ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubcq1x7p34 ), 
  personally , i subscribe to a 6 continent model . 
  i would say north america , south america , eurasia , africa , and oceania ( ninjaedit : and antarctica ) . 
  because europe and asia are very clearly connected by more than just the thin isthmus that connects the americas , and similar for eurasia 's connection to africa . 
  i 'll just copy-paste my comment replying to our latin american friend :, 
  in latin america it 's usually taught that `` america '' is just one continent . 
  most of the rest of the world teaches that north and south america are two continents , and sometimes collectively referred to as `` the americas '' . 
  neither is really more correct than the other , because the definition of continent is n't very specific . 
  see [ this incredible video explaining the situation ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubcq1x7p34 ), 
  personally , i subscribe to a 6 continent model . 
  i would say north america , south america , eurasia , africa , and oceania ( ninjaedit : and antarctica ) . 
  because europe and asia are very clearly connected by more than just the thin isthmus that connects the americas , and similar for eurasia 's connection to africa . 
  as a ( mostly ) lefty , i hate you . 
  i get my hopes up when i see someone else that i can identify as a lefty , based on their watch . 
  and then to have my hopes shattered by weirdos like you . 
  it really hurts . 
  eh ... if you were writing these down i could understand it , but in many accents ( e.g. , mine ) the two are pronounced identically . 
  jesus is famous for having supposedly walked on water . 
  hear , hear !, 
  trust me , op 1 definitely is n't nuclear physicist . 
  i did the international baccalaureate , and after certain adjustments are taken into account ( higher level maths and having taken a second language ) , i got the equivalent of an op 1 . 
  on ib points alone i got op 3 . 
  i 'm definitely no genius , i failed a first semester maths course and am currently redoing it , hoping to get a 5 ( out of 7 ) . 
  i think they had an nbn related thing at one point . 
  i signed up for it too but unsubscribed not long afterwards because i did n't really want it . 
  yeah i agree . 
  they had a thing about the tempo of beethoven ( in particular symphony no. 5 ) which was really quite poor , i thought . 
  it 's a good time to point out that no matter where you are , if you 're going on an extended journey away from major cities , you should ** always ** let people know where you 're going and when you expect to arrive back ( or contact them again ) . 
  actually no . 
  if the earth was flat but the atmosphere was thick enough to be the main reason that you ca n't see past a certain point , it would still form a circle . 
  circles are defined as being a shape where all points are equidistant from a common centre ( which would be ` you ' in this scenario ) . 
  that 's a map showing population density , i assume ? 
  to the nsa , they 're the same thing . 
  it 's much the same reason that charlie chaplin was popular , i imagine . 
  it * is * illegal in china , they have copyright laws . 
  it 's just that the government chooses to completely ignore their own laws . 
  well according to the op , the government is actually somewhat involved in said piracy . 
  as someone said below , their transcript on how to pronounce it is poor . 
  alba-nezz-eh would be better . 
  think of it with an italian accent and you might get it . 
  the episode should still be on abc i view , so you can watch it there . 
  the `` ecologist here '' threw me off . 
  did n't realise it was you unidan until i read the comment below you . 
  no double standard here , he * has * been called a creeper ( admittedly after you left your comment ) , but more importantly , he 's been downvoted to the bottom of the thread . 
  it 's worth noting that the minor-key use of fr\u00e8re jacques was n't invented by mahler himself . 
  that 's actually the way it was normally sung in austria at the time , where it was known as bruder martin . 
  what 's wrong with saying nay ? 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's illegal for pushies to be on highways . 
  hmm good point ... 
  i agree , i think we should have tags for which series it 's from , tla , the promise , the search , lok :1 , lok :2 . 
  well , there are places that drive on the left , so the right lane is for overtaking . 
  no harper is n't , / u/broski29 is , and is providing it as a reason that he should n't be considered a leftist arsehole . 
  sounds like / r/australia , except there it 's liberal government bad , labor and greens good . 
  that 's , * pretty * good ? 
  i 'm usually lucky to get 1 mbps here in aus . 
  some people can be bitches and do a good job of covering it up on tv . 
  uh , your edit posts the wrong link , assuming that / u/theturbolemming posted the correct one . 
  sounds like there 's an anti-right bias on all the national subreddits . 
  hardly surprising , though . 
  http://airtasker.com might be worth looking into . 
  what 's the reference here ? 
  the only reason i do n't like this is that it means i ca n't screen out potential threats as easily . 
  more people playing the game is itself a good thing , and i for one am glad they 're doing it . 
  umm ... 7 ? 
  how do you know if you 're going to get it ? 
  i did n't see anything on the site about civ v , just a chance to win an ipad mini . 
  i 'd much rather just take the civ . 
  man why 's nobody giving away the brave new world expansion . 
  no fucking way i 'm paying $ 50.00 for it , and yet i keep seeing the main game given away or on massive sales . 
  i 'm still of the opinion that utc should be the timezone used , but failing that , it should at least be clearly shown what times it is in utc . 
  if the timezone that 's used is utc-6 , then it would be 06:00 utc sunday -- 06:00 utc monday . 
  this should be displayed right next to whatever announcement is used to let everyone know the event is on . 
  this was exactly my thought . 
  it 's exactly the same as when instagram came to android , and a whole lot of ios users were up in arms about it . 
  sad to see that a lot of people here seem to be taking this just the way the ios users took that . 
  not surprising , though . 
  in my experience the android fanboys/anti-apple crowd have become * worse * in general than the apple fans are . 
   or even being able pull ingress apart and create you own customized client, 
  oh come on . 
  you were * absolutely right * about the rest of it , but claiming that the average person would be able to do this is just ridiculous . 
  what spying thing ? 
  the nsa ? 
  because if that 's what you mean it * is n't * warranted . 
  not against google . 
  google is n't giving the nsa their data , the nsa is going behind their backs to get access to it . 
  * without * google 's permission . 
  exactly . 
  they 've put that goddamn message everywhere . 
  an email to every user of gmail , a message on the new tab page of chrome , a notification to every single g + user and page . 
  if you have n't seen the message , either you are n't paying attention or it is n't actually relevant to you .
