  i get anxious any time i ca n't use paywave because i 'm afraid i 'll have forgotten my pin . 
  i use it that rarely . 
  also does n't help that they ask `` cheque , savings , or credit '' , and i have no idea which one i want . 
  i think they all end up doing the same thing on my debit card anyway , but i dunno ... that problem does n't exist with paywave . 
  i dunno how it works over here . 
  i just know heaps of places do n't support it , so i assumed it 's because they get fucked over . 
  if it 's a flat rate , rather than a percentage per transaction , i can understand why they would n't support it . 
  so few people actually use their cards that they 'd probably not make the money back in lost sales even if they assumed all customers who want to use amex would leave if they ca n't use it ( which of course is not true , most amex owners also own one of the more popular cards and would just use that instead ) . 
  my main question was `` to what time do you refer when you say ` by this time ' ? '', 
  when you said flat rate , i was assuming it was more on the order of a couple of hundred dollars per month . 
  and do n't most banks and card companies tend to find in favour of the consumer ? 
  i 've never had to deal with them myself , but i 've never heard any horror stories with either visa & masrercard or with major banks finding in favour of the store when the dispute was anything close to reasonable . 
  ah god dammit . 
  i did n't pick up on the reference until the second paragraph ... well done . 
  it 's a children 's book called there was an old lady who swallowed a fly . 
  it 's probably easy to find online , and really really short , if you want to read it . 
  which it looks like she is based on how she 's holding it in the photo . 
  i personally stopped caring if stories were true or not a long time ago . 
  they 're cool stories , so i just read them as that . 
  yeah , i definitely feel that dexterity is massively overpowered in this edition . 
  it 's one of the most common save throws . 
  it sets your ac if you 're not wearing heavy armour . 
  it sets your initiative . 
  and it 's where damage and hit bonuses come from in ranged or finesse attacks . 
  that 's a * lot * of stuff for a single stat , and most of it is stuff that applies to all or most characters . 
  contrast that with strength , intelligence , and charisma , which are basically only useful if they 're your character 's attacking skill or for limited use in social/investigative roles . 
  yup . 
  same argument works for `` why would any character ever not use a rapier ? '', 
  simple , in a standard d&d environment , the sort of characters most people want to play make the rapier feel * really * out of place . 
  ( not to say it would * always * be out of place -- in fact i 've just thought of a character idea i rather like that would use a rapier as i was reading this thread -- just that for many people it does n't fit with the image they have in mind . ), 
   a buckler could give +2 but only to melee attacks ( too small to be used effectively vs ranged ), 
  ooooh i really like this . 
  perhaps also takes a bonus action or maybe even a free item interaction to don , and definitely a free item interaction to doff , versus the shield 's full action for either . 
  they might not here when they arrive . 
  in fact , i expect they probably wo n't , since stan probably has exclusive streaming rights to it . 
  fair point . 
  oh okay , interesting . 
  and what about the other two , when used with the pin ? 
  do you know if there 's any advantage/disadvantage to using either of them over credit ? 
  hey , for the tv shows , is it safe to say they 've got all seasons of the show out so far ? 
  ( for example , i notice it has arrow . 
  will they have all of seasons 1 and 2 ? 
  i would n't expect them to have the first half of season 3 , since the rest of it 's still airing . ), 
   this video contains content from sme , who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds . 
  i do n't know who you are , sme , but fuck you . 
  anyway , anyone got another copy of that video ? 
  in 4e , ranged attacks ( either with a ranged weapon or a spell ) with an enemy in melee distance would provoke opportunity attacks . 
  it 's definitely not raw in 5e , but it seems a pretty reasonable homerule to add in , to me . 
  silicone is also what some cheap flexible phone/ipod cases are made from . 
  it looks to me to be movies that are neither american nor australian ( since the latter has its own section ) . 
  i think it 's primarily about foreign * language * movies , though there might be some english-language films from other parts of the world , as well . 
  [ you 'll love this aussie ice cream . 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/0768ed210184c032cdef8e3d73e2cf12/tumblr_inline_mwfye9wyfz1qiys57.jpg ), 
  according to the recent leak , oitnb * is * in the content available , along with house of cards and that horse cartoon . 
  not sure what else netflix has that 's original . 
  i have * never * heard an aussie refer to maccas as anything other than `` maccas '' or `` mcdonalds '' . 
  who actually says `` maccy d '' here ? 
  unless you have a one-syllable name , in which case there 's a good chance we 'll make it longer by adding an `` azza '' or `` o '' or something similar . 
  yup , almost all advice for modern li-ion batteries is rubbish . 
  the only advice that actually works is try not to let it * completely * drain . 
  i ca n't support it with non-anecdotal evidence , but i hung out with a lot of brits growing up , and my intuition from that experience is that / u/gnorrn 's aside was correct . 
  i 'd probably hear them wishing someone a `` happy '' christmas more than a `` merry '' one . 
  edit : and , as / u/discitus points out further down the thread , harry potter and friends often say `` happy christmas '' . 
  personally i think it 's annoying because it 's a forced way to try and `` include '' people who are n't christians . 
  i 'm not christian , but that time of year is the * christmas * holiday ( like , that 's how everyone refers to the time of year here ) , so that 's what i 'm always going to call it . 
  christmas is no longer a christian holiday , at least not exclusively . 
  it has become a secular one , too . 
  it 's only a slight annoyance , i 'd never call anyone out for it or anything , but i just see it as unneccessary and forced . 
  i thought it was a mouse , but clearly the mouse he 's using is n't a bill murray mouse , so i assumed he was showing off his old mouse with the photo for some reason . 
  just because someone 's a gamer does n't mean they have to know every damn piece of hardware used by some gamers . 
  my friends and i have been playing it heaps . 
  the game itself works , but the online multiplayer is awful , keeps disconnecting -- way more than is reasonable given our internet connection quality . 
  it specifically says that you know their true intentions * when they screw up * . 
  so it 's only preventing romcom situations where one person is trying to do something nice and something bad accidentally comes from it , or that sort of thing . 
  it 's not mind reading in general . 
  linking the . gif version of a gfycat file . 
  that 's just evil . 
  in addition to all the other reasons , there are many reasons that a person might * want * to appear in australia . 
  accessing iview is the first that comes to mind , but personally i also like the fact that my google results are more accurate if google knows i 'm here in some cases . 
  really the wiki should label every server with its location/location options . 
  mostly because people will want to pick servers because of their location ( in america to use american netflix , or hulu , or yahoo !, 
  screen ; in the uk for bbc iplayer or uk netflix , etc. 
  ) , but also because people may want to * avoid * certain locations for moral/legal/privacy reasons . 
   your isp can see what 's contained within the packets being sent, 
  depends on how you download from the seedbox . 
  i set up my own seedbox at my parents ' place overseas , and when i download from it it 's over sftp , which is encrypted . 
  it seems weird to me that people would download from their public seedboxes over an unencrypted connection . 
  yeah seriously . 
  i once was roleplaying a character who was pretty damn ruthless , and even on that character i could n't bring myself to kill him . 
  got up there in full blades armour with that fancy enchanted blade sword , and then hearing his speech about `` is it better to be born good or overcome inherent evil ... '' turned me around . 
  i still think they only did that because they could n't afford to keep such a prominent actor on in a major role . 
  to be honest , i kinda feel that it 's just never going to happen that you 're going to get that kind of really in-depth experience in a computer rpg . 
  the only way you can truly get a large world with real feeling npcs where the player has a huge amount of option is in a tabletop rpg . 
  i thought it was because they did n't want to trivialise her character by reducing her to just another marriage option . 
  for your phone do not go with optus or telstra . 
  they 'll completely rip you off . 
  i 've just signed up with [ yatango ] ( https://yatango.com.au ) ( literally today ) , their pricing seems really good , and it 's flexible in that you can change month to month if you find you 're using significantly more or less than your current plan . 
  ca n't comment on customer service or anything like that yet . 
  i used to be with [ vaya ] ( http://www.vaya.net.au/ ) which has some decent plans . 
  i had great experiences with them while i was there , but unfortunately they 're discontinuing my current plan and their current ones are n't quite as good for my purposes as yatango has .
