  do n't be fooled by the surface appearances . 
  they might not have the class system in the same way as you , but their socio-economic mobility is only slightly higher than yours ( both among the lowest in the developed world ) . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  that was a great tv show !, 
  they * never made a film * . 
  actually , no it 's not . 
  in australia , you are n't legally allowed to carry anything with the intention of using it as a weapon . 
  this includes knives and pepper spray . 
  i never watched skins either , and never got round to watching season 3 of misfits ( mainly due to others telling me it was n't worth it ) . 
  no we may not . 
  making that assumption would be an argumentum e silentio , `` argument from silence '' , which is a logical fallacy . 
  when you refer to the ' `` fair '' income tax ' , are you referring to the libertarian party 's `` fair tax '' ? 
  the one that 's actually recessive ? 
  is it a ` pro-government circlejerk ' to acknowledge the flaws in the system as it exists today , and discuss solutions to them ? 
  or to acknowledge that a perfectly free market could not solve said flaws ? 
  yes i did mean regressive . 
  damn auto correct :\\, 
  there is an american version of the office , but it 's originally a british show , created by ( and staring ) ricky gervais . 
  the us show is , as is usual , a shallow copy of it ( particularly the earlier episodes which are almost line for line copies ) . 
  a right . 
  that should be a breeze then . 
  the rumours are a google one . 
  i was assuming it was because everyone went over time and it cumulated in a 12 hour delay . 
  this is the perfect analogy . 
  yeah but if this current summer is considered a heat wave , that 's definitely no place i would want to live . 
  nights were an ` uncomfortable 18 ' ( quote from the news when i was there a week ago ) . 
  the weather when i was there was lovely , if perhaps a little too cold at night for what is supposed to be summer , but if that 's an exception heatwave then the normal weather is definitely not lovely . 
  also , fun fact . 
  london has twice as many rainy days as brisbane . 
  the average rainfall , however , is half . 
  no more than people look to lone star for authentic texan . 
  side note , my local lone star recently went out of business . 
  it 's an outback now . 
  as to the second part of that , it is n't -- mostly . 
  we 've got fairly large issues with video games ratings , and the government had plans for bigger censorship of the internet at large ( which the scrapped ) , but outside of that it 's entirely reasonable . 
  not really native . 
  they were brought over around 4,000 years ago by humans . 
  less is more when it comes to nutella . 
  i treat that shit like homeopathy . 
  vegemite , on the other hand , i 'm happy to spoon out of the jar . 
  because you have n't met australian redditors . 
  but seriously , the kinds of people you 're more likely to meet are the outgoing ones . 
  quieter ones would keep to themselves so you would n't be so likely to meet them . 
  tl ; dr sample bias, 
  do n't forget the great metropolis of charters towers . 
  man fuck your weather . 
  i was there last time we hosted the ashes ( do n't anybody mention the game ) . 
  weather went from fucking freezing cold to bloody brilliant within the week . 
  i 've recently come to almost start liking libertarians . 
  it 's the ancaps that are the * real * nutjobs . 
  i had red backs in my back yard growing up in northern brisbane . 
  i thought it was a cricket term \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i 'd say we 've got it slightly better than the uk . 
  ( much as they do n't like it , they are european , that 's the relevance . ), 
  i 'm really iffy on this one . 
  on the one hand , i think everything possible should be done such that the average aboriginal australian should have equal opportunities to the average white , asian , or any other backgrounded australian . 
  on the other hand , i think practices like beginning formal ceremonies by thanking aboriginal owners for borrowing the land are kinda ridiculous . 
  or the massive outcry over showing a dead aboriginal who was prominent in australian culture in the news is ridiculous . 
  there should be fair warning to give aboriginals the opportunity to look away , but there 's no reason the rest of the news should be censored . 
  are you east asian or south asian ? 
  my experience as a casual observer is that it tends to be far worse towards those from the indian subcontinent than those from , say , china or vietnam . 
  we got iron man 3 weeks before the us , so there 's that . 
  if you 're apprehensive about it , then just do n't . 
  have a quiet party with friends at home or at some place more local . 
  as for politics , i suggest coming over to / r/australia and asking about that . 
  outside of the liberals and labor farces you 've got some great options . 
  i do n't know much about liqour licensing so i wo n't comment , but our smoking laws are the best in the world , and i would n't trade it for anything . 
  it 's a horrible practice that can have serious adverse effects on others ' comfort and health . 
  downton abbey is pretty much a soap now , and it 's huge , so there 's that . 
  i did not know there was another term for a doona . 
  dazza could also be darryl . 
  source : my dad is dazza ( or just daz for short ) . 
  because it 's pretty much all our economy runs on at the moment . 
  on the plus side , we never went into recession during the latest global financial crisis . 
  rugby league is the more popular one here , and do n't go letting the yanks mix the two up . 
  a clothesline out the back . 
  verandah out the front . 
  ahem . 
  that 's jam . 
  regarding reddit specifically , we 're actually a surprisingly large portion of the population on here . 
  the internet in general , we punch way above our weight , having an incredibly high internet penetration . 
  sydney and melbourne are both in the top 10 gross number of reddit visitors , and those two plus brisbane make it into top 10 per capita . 
  fun fact , they actually did attend the earliest federation meetings , before deciding that they would rather be their own country . 
  the way i 've heard it is `` prisoner of mother england '' , and it 's actually pome ( pomm-ee ) . 
  it just gets shortened because that 's how we do things . 
  the smart among us pirate . 
  enough of us are n't smart enough for that that they can continue to charge those prices and make a profit . 
  courier is very definitely different . 
  korea and career do admittedly sound similar , but that 's true of any accent i 've heard . 
  probably wo n't understand cricket even if you do play . 
  it 's an * incredibly * complex sport . 
  that 's part of what makes it so great . 
  see if you can get what these mean without looking them up . 
  * mozzies, 
  * barbie, 
  as others have said , it 's just our common sense realising that gun control * worked * . 
  but aside from that , our dangerous animals are n't the sort you kill with a gun . 
  you 've got ta be a very good shot to get a snake or spider with a gun . 
  farmers have them for wild pigs and such to protect their stock . 
  barbeque .
