  for a woman it 's one per hour . 
  similarly , you can use this to ballpark how much alcohol you 've had overall . 
  that a normal glass of beer is usually around 1.2 standard drinks is unimportant . 
  the acting was really bad at the start of the first season , and a lot of lines were really cheesy . 
  it picked up quite a bit towards the end of season 1 , but then in season 2 it was dramatically better . 
  the overarching storyline is absolutely fantastic . 
  the characters have been built amazingly , with incredible arcs and development . 
  choreography is really cool , and the music in the show is some of the best i 've seen in a tv show this decade . 
  probably second only to game of thrones on that count . 
  would highly recommend . 
  [ op posted the results here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/samplesize/comments/25q545/results_what_is_your_perception_of_two_names_all/ ), 
  [ op posted the results here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/samplesize/comments/25q545/results_what_is_your_perception_of_two_names_all/ ), 
  [ op posted the results here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/samplesize/comments/25q545/results_what_is_your_perception_of_two_names_all/ ), 
  i ca n't speak for adobe , but i 'm currently downloading a copy of microsoft windows that we can get for free through the engineering , architecture , and it faculty at my university . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i used to live in ho chi minh , and when we had visitors we 'd often take them clothes shopping . 
  can get really great suits or dressed for sub - $ 100 . 
  hahahahahahaha no . 
  but seriously , fuck gaming companies in this place . 
  even through steam , we still pay a significantly marked up cost over the us price ( though steam is almost always a better deal than eb games , which is the ubiquitous brick-and-mortar gaming store here -- i think they 're part of the same parent company as the us 's gamestop ) . 
  sometimes as much as a 50 % markup . 
  the woolworths in australia and new zealand is entirely unrelated to the one that previously existed in the uk and us . 
  actually the uk woolworths was completely unrelated to ours . 
  yup , that 's the one . 
  though on mine we can get office -- but only 2007 ... as well as a bunch of the extra office applications , like project , access , visio , and onenote ( all have the 2013 version available ) . 
  dreamspark , it 's called . 
  more importantly , you can ( i assume ) take them to the bank and get them changed for current currency . 
  stuff your boot full of bags of the things , drive down to the bank , and get them deposited in your account or changed for $ 100s . 
  if you pronounce it with its french pronunciation it sounds more like the brand name of a drug . 
  just take two solange a day for 4 days and you 'll be right . 
   might as well written '' fuck you morons '' in hebrew using google translate, 
  or in hex representation of ascii text . 
  yeah those are exactly what i was thinking of . 
  hey man . 
  now , as you can see from my flair , i 'm a little biased , but i would actually strongly recommend that you * do n't * join the resistance . 
  i 'm from brisbane , and what a lot of people here have noticed is that the resistance players are -- to be quite frank -- arseholes . 
  we 've lately had a whole heap of major players switch sides to join the enlightened . 
  i do n't know all the details , but they would apparently get really , really mad at new players who join and play in a way that messes up their plans , rather than trying to help new players to enjoy the game . 
  i 've also heard claims of stalking from some players . 
  the brisbane enlightened , on the other hand , try to be as fun and inclusive as possible . 
  we have weekly `` friday frog drinks '' meetups that you can come to and hang out and meet people if you want , and our more prominent players are really friendly and helpful . 
  the general team policy is `` shiggles '' . 
  while we 'll plan things out and do big organised moves occasionally , for the most part we 're happy to just make shit up as we go along , and just have fun . 
  we are the winning side by a landslide at the moment , largely because of all the resistance defections ( prior to that , res had a couple of large farms , including an absolutely impenetrable fortress of p8s in west end ) , but there 's definitely enough res activity that you 'll be able to have a good enough time levelling . 
  [ here 're some photos of inner brisbane at the moment ] ( http://imgur.com/a/fgzpl ) . 
  the first one shows the p7s and p8s , while the second shows p3s -- p6s . 
  sorry about the green background , that 's because there 's currently a massive megafield over the whole city . 
  the current situation is n't really indicative of the general state of things . 
  just yesterday we had an anomaly here : a major event where the two sides compete for control of the city , which brings out a lot more players into one area than you would normally get . 
  wow , i wrote a lot more than i intended to . 
  anyway , if you have any questions , just ask me . 
  i 'm sure / u/terrorbite will be along here soon enough , too , to answer any questions . 
  he 's one of the more prominent players around here . 
  i 'm amazed that it 's still up now , the evening of the day * after * the anomaly . 
  do n't worry , i missed it too . 
  i 'm guessing this guy is the actor for barry allen ? 
  i definitely think that they can . 
  it 's a fantasy world , and they 've never really dealt with this issue before . 
  they could easily craft a solution if they wanted . 
  but i , too , do not want them to . 
  i just hope they handle the whole situation really well , though . 
  just thought i 'd let you know that the expression is `` per se '' . 
  but i agree , i got the same impression that you did with regards to iroh and the spirit world . 
  ** nah nah nah nah i ca n't hear you **, 
  -- petco , with their fingers in their ears . 
  the game 's pretty young . 
  when i first joined ( probably around march last year ) it seemed to me that it was pretty well even . 
  not too long after that it felt like we were a noticeable amount in front , but not overwhelmingly , then it swung back the other way towards the resistance . 
  at some point after november , when the resistance started defecting in droves , it swung back firmly to the enlightened . 
  so it 's switched back and forth quite a few times so far . 
  if you 're playing it with a friend who already has a faction , join the same one as him . 
  that will by far be the most fun for you . 
  to be honest , i had kinda the same attitude as you when i first joined . 
  i never thought about how much team stuff would be involved in the game , and i just wanted to join the losing side . 
  but the game really does require working as a team , especially as you get to higher levels . 
  meetups are n't only alcoholic . 
  in fact , most of them do n't involve any food or drink at all , and are just based around the game itself . 
  one of the best opportunities is to find out when the higher level players are organising a farm , and go and meet them at that . 
  they 'll probably help you to gain ap by linking portals together , and might even drop a few items to help you out . 
  whichever faction you choose , joining in on your faction 's google + community ( / ies ) is an absolute * must * if you want to engage in the game . 
  yeah the ones i 've met have certainly been perfectly pleasant at the time that i met them . 
  if it were n't for what i hear through others ( and what i can infer purely from large numbers switching sides ) , i would n't have known there was anything wrong . 
  oh right . 
  photoshopped , or error on netflix 's part ? 
   lots of allegations of gps spoofing and cheating by the greens, 
  i know of a few cases of this . 
  one was a particular known troll in the area ( i caught him gps spoofing myself ) -- i do n't know if the blues have really ever accused him specifically -- and the others have been , to be quite frank , completely false accusations . 
  in fact , it 's the frequency of false accusations from the blues that is part of what gives me the scummy impression of them . 
  ( lunachic has apparently been particularly bad with this , though i must admit it 's been a long time since i 've really bothered following the politics with this game . ), 
   stories have been popping up from the #interitus event about group ( s ) of enl agents at the clusters who screamed abuse at a res agent and his young kids, 
  hmm , could you share some more details ( pm if you prefer ) about those issues ? 
  that 's totally out of line if it really happened , and i 'll bring it to our community 's attention, 
   defect to your side cause they wanted to be on the winning team, 
  haha that 's interesting . 
  i must say the only two that i 've actually heard from have been the former smeg and the current banhammer ( i think that 's his name anyway ... ) , who both joined enlightened after having their resistance accounts banned ( third party applications ) , but who decided to switch factions when that happened because of the community aspect . 
  it certainly could be that there were some who switched just to be on the winning team , but unless they 've actually come out and said that 's why they switched , i really would not be assuming that 's the case . 
   my point is , there are arseholes on both sides, 
  perhaps , but apart from the one troll i mentioned earlier , i do n't think i can remember any real incidences of arseholery that were initiated by the enlightened . 
  that 's not to say they did n't happen , just i have n't heard of them . 
  regarding the original question , yeah i realise what it was , and i made sure to address it .
