  qwerty was designed to slow you down and stop you typing efficiently . 
  dvorak is specifically meant to be as easy , efficient , and fast , as possible . 
  in my experience the standard range it to the g below that , which most players * would * be expected to be able to reach ( at least if they 're at an high intermediate level or above ) . 
  i heard a story about a jazz clarinetist who was having a piece written for him having to tell the composer he could n't play that high . 
  the composer then said that he 'd heard the clarinetist play higher before . 
  the clarinetist said that he could do it improv , where he 's not aiming for any particular note . 
  i think it was benny goodman and aaron copland , but i 'm not sure . 
  they should hire him , make a huge deal about it to the public , and not reveal what part he plays . 
  then give him a 40 second cameo in the film . 
  for me that was n't a reason i switched , but a bonus that i 've since recognised . 
  hahaha definitely !, 
  i love seeing people 's reactions when they try to type . 
  first they 'll just assume they made a mistake , and backspace and try again . 
  when they get it wrong the second time they always get super confused :d, 
  yeah , i know . 
  this is an oversimplification , that basically holds true . 
  i think i 've mentioned it somewhere else in this thread , although i could be wrong . 
  yeah , i know . 
  this was just an oversimplification of the purpose of qwerty . 
  commenting to save for later . 
  ( on mobile device , so no res ), 
  haha yes . 
  thanks for that !, 
  what , so if i lend someone my ipod touch and they go to the facebook app and post `` im gayz '' , they have then committed a crime ? 
  jesus existed , that 's not strongly contested by anyone . 
  it 's whether or not he was divine or not that 's debatable . 
  ( hint , he was n't ), 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  do you mind telling us how old you were when this second event happened ? 
  how long after your first story was it ? 
  i must say , i found the third movement particularly generic , but the other movements were simply stunning !, 
  ah , i was wondering if that was a stylistic choice or not !, 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 'm really enjoying this , if only youtube would load it properly ... ( yay for vietnamese internet ... ), 
  fairy floss in australia, 
  yes , we know where gale is , and what job he has , but we do n't know * why * . 
  the character development previous to that does n't make it obvious why he suddenly basically abandoned katniss , not to mention that katniss deciding she preferred peeta was incredibly sudden . 
  considering one of the major themes of the trilogy was the politics in panem , i think it 's a very important loose end that we do n't know what happened to the government , and in katniss 's trial . 
  as i was reading the series , i was constantly thinking of it as a political allegory , much like animal farm ( although i did n't make the specific connection until i had almost finished the third book ) . 
  to me , knowing what would end up happening with the government was the most important thing , so i was somewhat disappointed by it . 
  as for your definition of a loose end , that 's merely semantics , and not relevant to the very real criticisms of these books . 
  i do agree that `` loose end '' is n't the ideal word to describe them , but it 's good enough . 
  edit : a friend of mine , one who disagrees with me about the gale/peeta situation , and does n't seem to care as much about the politics , is also upset with katniss 's mum at the end of it . 
  i 'm not sure i would call that a loose end , but she would . 
  related , did katniss 's mum ever get over her sadness and go back to district 12 ? 
  we do n't really know . 
  nah mate , they 're super with a slap of vegemite !, 
  i definitely like shyloh 's answer , but the problem with the book was that it was n't made clear . 
  if that was collins ' intention , then she should have made it clearer . 
  same deal with what happened to panem . 
  there was no need to go into too much detail , but some would have been nice . 
  a paragraph of katniss 's thoughts as to exactly why she rejecting gale in the end , and a couple of paragraphs in the epilogue ( or whatever that end section was called ) explaining what panem is like now , obviously from katniss 's point of view . 
  i must be honest , this is the first time i 've had such a problem with a book , although it happens all the time in movies . 
  yeah , i remember one too , i just remember it being unconvincing to me at the time . 
  the vegemite , or vegemite on thongs ? 
  just so you know , whether or not jkid was asking you to `` tell him about it '' , i 'm glad you did . 
  it was an interesting read . 
  i know i 'm a little late to the party , but you went through that massive explanation without actually saying what a `` biscuit '' is , in america . 
  as an australian , biscuit will always mean to me the same as cookie does to you , but i would like to at least know what americans are trying to refer to when they say biscuit . 
  coke owns sprite , too , do n't they ? 
  i 'd say that 's probably the number one non-cola soft drink out there . 
  most cameras ( other than phone cameras ) do n't have a gps . 
  i know people who constantly give information i feel does n't need to be given . 
  to some people it 's just completely natural , if irritating to those who do n't . 
  edit : notice how i did n't reveal who those people were , i do n't think it really matters . 
  others may have pointed it out , because there 's no particular reason * not * to , either . 
  wtf was that ? 
  looks like garble on my mobile device . 
  i 'm curious as to why you count applebee 's and chilis as the other two options . 
  there must be dozens of chains , why only those two ? 
  when i lived in korea , the choice for that sort of western restaurant was outback and tgif . 
  in my experience , people who have mixed-nationality blood tend to like to call themselves half , or even quarter . 
  by the way , is n't it s\u00ed ? 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i 've spent the last 8 years : my most important formative years , living overseas , going to international schools . 
  probably around half of my friends are half-half , or some even more bizarre combination of races . 
  i 've heard many times that british , or even australian , indian food is better than what you get in india . 
  hahaha , yes , i am . 
  but surely any non-australian that likes vegemite has earned the right to use it , anyway ? 
  no , i was referring to a person who did claim to be the son of god . 
  other people have been telling me there are doubts about that , although so far no one 's come up with a source . 
  here :, 
   [ most modern historians agree that jesus existed and was a jewish teacher from galilee in roman judaea , who was baptized by john the baptist , and was crucified in jerusalem on the orders of the roman prefect , pontius pilate . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesus ), 
  no less than four sources for that exact statement , each of which is a published book . 
  then there 's [ this entire section ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jesus#existence ) devoted to the topic, 
  edit : also , the reason i * did n't * provide a source was because i really did n't feel i needed to . 
  i 'm not the one making a controversial argument that goes against the norm here . 
  using the fact that it was made a right does not defend it in today 's day and age . 
  rights can be overturned , if the situation makes it a good decision . 
  mickey describe a very good reason that the right should n't be overturned , but the fact that it is a right is not a relevant argument . 
  not army myself , but i definitely know that people * will * do horrendous things if they are being told to by a higher power . 
  the experiment joeymac was referring to is the one conducted by stanley milgram , in which over 60 % of participants would administer ( or so they thought ) lethal shocks to someone , regardless of the other circumstances , just because the person in charge told them to . 
  i would expect the numbers would drop if we were talking about a more direct attack ( shooting civilians ) , and if the deaths were in larger numbers ( bombing ) , but there would still be far more than we 'd like to believe that would go through with it . 
  plus , based on milgram 's experiment , even though we might expect the number to be as low as 1 % or so , it will , in reality , be much higher . 
  as others have mentioned , what if you worded it to make it seem like the right thing ? 
   `` insurgent group x is holed up in this housing development and may be armed with military grade weapons . 
  we will deploy to eliminate this threat with close air support . '', 
  ... it would escalate from there .
