  people interested in world events . 
  no , they have both funding and authority to do it . 
  that 's why they 've removed the geo-block on this story . 
  what they * do n't * have , is the right to broadcast anything that is n't entirely produced by them . 
  that 's so fucking depressing . 
  they were in negotiations to become one of a * tiny * number of international news broadcasters to be allowed in china , right before the abbott government decided to scrap the whole channel . 
  no , the abc should have the sense not to put the poor girl on . 
  given that they were interviewing her , what she did was exactly what she should have done -- say it how she feels it . 
  would rather be in there ? 
  mate , you 're either lying or crazy . 
  you got really lucky to not be in there , no need to be ashamed of that . 
  still a very tenuous link to politics . 
  you probably should , it 's got heaps of discussion regarding the story , and a bunch of extra links and resources . 
  [ it 's not a humble brag , there 's no humble component . 
  ] ( http://www.hellointernet.fm/how-to-humblebrag ), 
  no they do n't , that 's the point . 
  wait , what does the kindle do wrong with em dashes ? 
  but anyway , i have the same kindle you said you started with , and i love it . 
  i see no reason to upgrade , it works just fine . 
  obviously this change represents a bad move for the future , but if the old product still works fine , i do n't see why one would n't just continue to use it . 
  a comment on / r/worldnews was suggesting that she died of cardiac arrest . 
  as someone in that electorate , good . 
  we do n't care about them either . 
  i like how some random dick starts a shitty petition and gets a measly 300 signatures , and suddenly brisbane hates photographers . 
  so , fun fact . 
  the symbol was put on phones because they needed a symbol that did n't have any inherent meaning that might confuse people . 
  the name octothorpe was used amongst telephone engineers as a joke , and because it was a word with no meaning ( while `` number sign '' implied a permanent usage for the key , and could be misunderstood in other cultures ) . 
  that 's funny , my group ( we play 4e ) houserules * in * alignment to be the full 3x3 grid , rather than the official 4e version . 
  but we treat it like 5e does , purely descriptive . 
  i might talk about how my character started out as neutral good tending towards lawful , and is shifting towards a more chaotic direction , for example . 
  i think i might be the only person alive who actually * hates * the stuff . 
  put it inside of a sandwich , and in dim lighting , it looks like vegemite . 
  i grab one and take a bite : instant disappointment . 
  in addition to the other two answers , this image is just way too small to make a good header . 
  ah thanks . 
  i had figured it was all to do with the shock of the events , did n't realise blood loss ( potentially as a result of being shot ) could have also caused it . 
  [ came across it on r/classicalmusic ] ( / r/classicalmusic/comments / 2pesr7/hugo _ alfv % c3 % a9n_midsummer_vigil / ) , thought it might be better appreciated here . 
  what material do they need in order to identify said officer ? 
  some known footage from the officer wearing a bodycam ? 
  footage * of * the officer walking ? 
   also can i actually get that delta ? 
  right , that 's what they need to identify them . 
  but what do they compare this to . 
  i could n't put one of these cameras on myself , upload it anonymously to the internet , have have someone tell who i am from that , could i ? 
  so there must be some sort of source material they 're basing it off of , like a longer clip from the person with the camera , or , i guess , footage * of * them walking . 
  or maybe just the person 's details , like measurements of their height and stride length . 
   in any discussion dealing with cause and effect, 
  which this discussion is not . 
  this is simply discussing the rate at which one group is sent to gaol for one crime , compared to another group committing the same crime . 
  what you 're trying to discuss is certainly very interesting , and very worthy of discussion , but it 's just not directly relevant here . 
   what other inference can one draw other than some groups have a natural proclivity to commit more crimes than others, 
  to answer it , well , there are a number of possibilities . 
  aside from one group theoretically having a natural tendency to commit more crimes ( whether that be because of said group 's different biology/chemistry , or whatever ) , there are also social factors to consider . 
  if a group has a tendency to be lower income ( which may itself be because of social issues or because of natural tendencies , for the sake of a theoretical argument ) , then they are more likely to be pushed into committing crimes . 
  however , those two are only the obvious answers . 
  it could also be a matter of culture , for example culturally it 's often seen as `` cool '' to be tough -- especially for men -- and this perception could lead someone to be more likely to commit a crime . 
  yeah i assume you 'd be correct . 
  i 'm just curious from a technological standpoint * what * exactly they need for it . 
  if it uses baseline footage , that 's a pretty cool technology , but if they can do it with only the physical measurements of the person in question , now that 's * really * cool . 
  i 'm not entirely sure that 's true . 
  i know that you * can * be compelled to unlock a device with a fingerprint scanner ( while you * ca n't * be compelled to give up your password ) , for example , and to me , this seems more similar to that . 
  this part makes me think it * is * sarcastic . 
  i would have believed you had you left that bit out :\\, 
  i 'm one year off . 
  11 and 20 . 
  but seriously , it took me ( from australia -- where not only is it currently summer , but does n't ever snow in the winter -- currently in vietnam ) 'til half way down the page reading comments before i had any idea what they were on about . 
   i am finished with cas, 
  no you 're not . 
  cas is an ongoing effort throughout ib . 
  it has n't been `` 50 hours each if creativity , action , and service '' for years . 
  but yeah , the actual cas lessons are a school-specific thing -- we never had them -- which may or may not be compulsory within your school 's rules , but certainly are n't required for ib . 
  oh , and if the emails really are that repetitive , set up a filter in gmail to automatically label them and archive them . 
  just make sure to check in on them occasionally in case she does send something important . 
  there is no `` done all the hours '' . 
  cas is something that you should be doing from the day you start until right before exams . 
  the * point * of it is that it should be continuous . 
  that 's what they said about the great war . 
  i actually thought he was american up until you corrected me . 
  nah mate , red rooster all the way . 
  the official ib requirement us that your cas director checked you off as having done it . 
  wait wait wait . 
  they have spy satellites identifying people * by their gaits * , from ** space **, 
  in his defence , that literally translates as `` on mass '' . 
  gold is also widely used , for example for its high conductive properties without corroding . 
  i have n't actually played it , but my friend 's recommendation/description of it * very * nearly convinced me to get a ps3 . 
  it may not have fantastic gameplay , but it 's not that type of game . 
  what makes it great is the story , in particular the degree to which it branches and makes choices actually matter . 
  this is so much cooler than the repurposed [ hinged photo frames ] ( https://img0.etsystatic.com/028/0/6118947/il_340x270.593459206_3l6o.jpg ) that i was thinking of using ... 
  fair point , though the ib has made a specific point of stating that they should n't be doing this . 
  the pig movie is called babe , but i 'm in the same boat . 
  never actually seen it , and i had always said `` tha 'll do donkey , tha 'll do '' ( including a bad scottish accent ) before i even found out the original was `` pig '' . 
  i was confused about why they got the quote wrong . 
  hear , hear . 
  4e is only video-game-y if its players and ( more importantly ) dm play it that way . 
  if anything , i find that the comparative lack of rules for the more roleplay-y stuff relative to combat actually makes the game really fun and free-flowing outside of combat , rather than getting bogged down in rules . 
  my plan was to put a bunch of dm cheat sheets etc. 
  on them , though since each frame is only 125x175 , there 's not much room for a lot of stuff in there compared to the typical store-bought dm screen . 
  yep . 
  take a look , the but never came along and gave him the delta . 
  wait , it 's a mug with a lid ?
