  probably just a matter of reminding us that olicity is a thing . 
  yeah , this is definitely something that i would houserule to give both people disadvantage . 
  it just makes more sense . 
   the similarities of helicopter and plane end with aerial transportation . 
  other than that , they 're just as different from eachother as they are from cars , boats , and trains, 
  exactly this . 
  a plane is a fixed-wing aircraft . 
  it generates lift as a result of its forward motion causing air to flow over wings that are stationary with respect to the vehicle . 
  helicopters are rotary wing aircraft . 
  their lift is from the blades rotating , forcing air over them . 
  completely different systems , which results in completely different styles of flight . 
  for example , helicopters can hover and fly backwards . 
  wizards have a massive list of spells . 
  a subset of those are spells that they `` know '' , and then each day they have a certain number actually prepared for that day . 
  other prepared spell casters , like druids and clerics , `` know '' their entire class list of spells , and each day they can prepare a certain number of them . 
  spontaneous casters , like sorcerers , know a small number of spells , but all of those spells are * always * `` prepared '' , so they can always cast any of them . 
  that 's three different styles of casters in 5e . 
  i actually think multiclassing warlock with normal spellcaster is * easier * than if you multiclass between two different normal spellcasters , especially if one of those normal spellcasters is * not * a full-caster ( e.g. 
  paladins or eldritch knights ) . 
  i just want to say thank you for pointing me to this inkarnate thing . 
  it looks awesome !, 
  do you know how responsive the devs have been with it ? 
  is it still under active development ? 
  i 've been going through their feedback tool ( because as awesome as it is , there are some definite obvious drawbacks ) and it seems like a lot of fairly important things have been sitting in it since june/july . 
  from a player 's perspective , i did the same thing with my latest character . 
  instead of typing up my backstory and description , i hand-wrote it in quill and ink , folded up an envelope for it , and sealed that with a wax seal , before giving that to the dm . 
  with a character who was a bit bookish , i just felt it made sense , and helped me to get in her mind . 
   its search results are n't as accurate as google, 
  and i wonder why that might be ... 
  i get po [ l pot | pulation of the us | f | rtmans ] . 
  i do n't even know what `` pof '' or `` portmans '' are ... 
   you have the option to write-in a different candidate, 
  no you do n't . 
  edit : you really do n't . 
  the only people who can be elected are those who have gone through the official nomination process and been recognised by the aec as candidates and put on the ballot paper . 
  you ca n't just write any old person 's name on the paper and have them get elected , even if everyone did it . 
  yep , and anyone who works on a saturday is required to be given time off to go vote . 
  google docs is missing some really basic features , like the ability to have columns in text , and a few more advanced features that are key to the audience that one would expect would be its biggest ( i.e. , uni and highschool students ) , like having an automatic citation manager . 
   could look, 
  good ... luck . . ? 
  how do you balance this with races whose features are * designed * around having a certain stat bonus . 
  the standard is obviously +2 to one stat and +1 to another , and if everyone adhered to this it 'd be fine . 
  but humans get either +1 to * everything * or +1 to two things . 
  they 're balanced around having that , and if you gave them +2 to one and +1 to another , they 'd be unbalanced ( the variant human would be made massively op , and the non-variant would be weakened ) . 
  the mountain dwarf gets +2 to two stats , and the rest of its features are balanced around this . 
  you would be significantly weakening it if you gave it only +2 and +1 . 
   being knocked down to 0 hit points always puts a character at risk of suffering from a permanent disadvantage , such as losing a limb . 
  ( false limbs are available , but carry their own disadvantages ), 
  is n't this an official optional rule in the dmg ? 
  what edition do you play ? 
  you start out by saying `` the opposite will be achieved '' , and then go ahead and specifically state the exact same reasoning that the guy you replied to seemed to be using , to reach the same conclusion ( or , at least , the contrapositive of it ) . 
  right . 
   so if there are 4 level 1 slots , then you can do 4 lv .1 spells once each or 1 lv .1 spell four times, 
  this part is not a house rule , it 's rules as written . 
  in 5e , you do n't prepare spells to fill specific slots , you just prepare them , and then they are prepared and can go in any slot throughout the day . 
   no spell components, 
  spell components are meant to be hand waved most of the time anyway . 
  if you have an arcane focus or a component pouch , those basically take care of the whole thing for you , by using them instead of specific spell components . 
  the only time you would ever need to worry about components is for specific spells that have a specific cost associated with them . 
  ( `` identify '' , for example , requires a pearl worth 100 gold . 
  but it * does n't * consume that pearl , so one would only need to aquire a pearl once , and could then keep using that as many times as they want . ), 
  but even this can fairly easily be removed if you want to , it 's not really a problem . 
   no need to prepare spells, 
  this one * is * a problem . 
  your changes to prepared spells have a * really * bad effect on balance . 
  they make prepared spell casters like wizards and clerics * way * more powerful than `` spells-known '' casters like sorcerers and bards , because bards already have a much more limited choice compared to clerics , but they always know everything they know , compared to clerics who have to prepare a specific amount each day . 
  it removes that limitation that was put in on clerics to make them balanced evenly with bards , and makes them way more powerful than they should be . 
  exactly , which is why it 's so frustrating that they have n't got one of the key features for that audience . 
   half the time the 5e rules were n't written clearly to me, 
  oh definitely . 
  the books are terrible . 
  just try and figure out everything about how scrolls work !, 
  i * dare * you . 
  it 's extremely complicated and spread all over the place . 
  oh right . 
  well yeah , in that case it 's actually not a bad rule . 
  before anyone asks , yes , there 's a street in melbourne called batman avenue . 
  in fact , there 's a whole area called batman , and an electoral division by the name . 
  they 're all named after [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_batman ) . 
  ctrl-w is generally the one people should discuss because it works cross-platform . 
  windows , linux , and os x ( with ctrl switched with cmd , as most common shortcuts do ) . 
  in chrome , ctrl-shift-n is incognito window . 
   also , try it on a url . 
  you will go to the site linked to by the url, 
  ftfy . 
  clicking on urls , no matter how many times you do it , takes you to that url . 
   clicking twice will highlight the word, 
  what browser/platform are you using ? 
  it does n't do this for me . 
  odd . 
  that 's the platform i 'm using at the moment . 
  for me , double clicking on a link just goes to the link pointed at by the url . 
  yeah , there are some optional rules for lingering injuries in the dmg on page 272 . 
  they basically say `` when the dm decides , a character might get a lingering injury '' . 
  and give suggestions that it might be applicable when :, 
  * they take a critical hit, 
  * drop to 0, 
  * fail a death saving throw by 5 or more, 
  and there 's a table of lingering injuries ranging from losing an eye to just getting a scar . 
  really ?
