  it 's fallacious to assume that spending more on something will * necessarily * make it more reliable , however in some cases it is true . 
  i , and many others , would argue it is true of macs compared to other computers . 
  as for your anecdotes , you come across as someone savvy in both computers and cars . 
  because of that , you are actually a datapoint that * supports * the theory of that article . 
  you 're savvy , and can do well with a cheaper computer . 
  the article posits that someone less savvy would end up with a clogged computer that does n't run nearly as well as a better maintained one would . 
  `` light maintenance '' ? 
  most people do * no * maintenance . 
   i 'm not doing it for science , i did it for personal gain and to have a l8 player that i can then do stuff with, 
  this is very much * not * the impression the rest of what you 've written has given . 
  you came across as though you were doing it to see how it was done , and to benefit people with regards to understanding its effects etc. 
  i would strongly urge you , by the way , to give whatever information you can over to niantic . 
  helping to stop spoofers can only be a good thing . 
  based on my high school knowledge , yes . 
  you 're absolutely right that being a smart internet user is the absolute most important thing , but having a good antivirus is also important just as a backup . 
  does it ? 
  damn , that 's a shame . 
  i 've always found it to be really good . 
  do n't suppose you 've got any evidence ? 
  this is odd , because i 've heard it quoted , but never seen it enforced . 
  i 've got an aunt ( and her partner , him in particular ) who goes fucking ** nuts ** if i do n't put the knife and fork together at 6 o'clock on the plate , after i 'm done eating ( i normally put them together , but off at an angle ) . 
  and yet neither of them have any qualms about resting elbows on the edge of the table . 
  damn , that 's a real shame ... and it 's so good otherwise . 
  unfortunately that 's kinda like saying this racecar is so good , except it does n't drive very fast . 
  off topic ( and it does n't in any way affect my perception of these facts ) that `` tom 's hardware '' site uses a link from boogie on youtube , and i 'm really skeptical about whether or not they 've gotten permission . 
  i would say that in that case , geography is definitely the right choice for you . 
  this is your future we 're talking about here . 
  not your parents ' ; not your teachers ' ; yours . 
  you need to do what feels right to you , and if you find geography more interesting and believe there are more job prospects in that area , then geography is clearly right for you . 
  the guy you replied to reddit should have used a semicolon , but it works alright and conveys the message correctly , so i 'm not going to complain . 
  your use of commas was completely correct , to my knowledge . 
  what , really annoys , me , is when people use , commas at completely bizarre and , illogical places . 
  which you do sometimes see , and i really do n't get it ; surely people read their own comments , if only as they tute them , and they just realise joe little sense it makes ? 
  huh , til . 
  what does selecting the address bar and hitting enter do ? 
  that 's what i usually do when command-r does n't work , and it usually fixes things , so i assume that 's a hard refresh . 
  thanks a heap for the info !, 
  haha sorry man . 
  i did n't forget him , i chose to leave him out . 
  mahler is n't , i believe , as accessible as the music i listed above . 
  his music is long and often ponderous , much like wagner or sibelius , and i do n't think it 's a good place for someone just starting in classical music to begin . 
   actually i do it for a firm, 
  and, 
   help with their networks, 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  my experience has been that people like this are frequently reluctant to embrace new technologies , and are a poor representation of technologists as a whole , who tend to be extremely willing to embrace technology . 
  i do n't mean to offend , it 's just been my experience . 
  i 've looked into it , apparently there are different conventions . 
  one is together at 6 , another is together at a slight angle ( about 4 -- 5 , for right handers , if i remember correctly ) , and another is to have the fork at either 6 or 4 , and put the knife in the top right corner of the plate ( top left for left handers ) . 
  there 's also differing conventions on whether to put the tines of the fork up or down . 
  but yeah , it 's not an issue i particularly care about . 
  i think i might start putting the knife in the top left ( lefty here ) just to piss him off . 
  i can even say it 's still within the etiquette . 
  yeah . 
  he 's not particularly exposed to what i would consider `` real life '' , to be honest . 
  a bit of a prick . 
  we clash on a number of issues . 
  i feel this would 've been even funnier if you 'd done it using a vm running linux skinned to look exactly like windows . 
  but awesome job . 
  the time he spent dealing with you is time he was n't scamming someone that may have fallen for it . 
  could you explain this a bit more ? 
  i 'm not sure i get it . 
  why was he bullied for this , and more importantly , why did he get into trouble with the choir ? 
  a number of google things . 
  i 'd like google now to work with aussie sport teams , and its integration to work with aussie airlines and other airlines which commonly go to and from australia . 
  and basically the rest of google now . 
  i 'd love to be able to use google wallet for payments online , and with my phone for nfc payments . 
  the new gmail search field trial , which allows the google.com search to get information from gmail and google drive , including info on scheduled events , restaurant/hotel reservations , receipts , and flights . 
  google voice . 
  i do n't actually understand fully what it does , but it seems awesome . 
  finally , much of australia has this , and it 's not google 's fault , but i 'd love to have seq 's translink work with google maps ' navigation . 
  edit : op , regarding amazon , i 'd like that , but first i 'd just like an amazon.com.au , even if it had to be shipped from overseas . 
  editedit : wait , you said netflix plans to move into australia ? 
  [ my search says the opposite ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=netflix+to+open+in+australia&amp;oq=netflix+to+open+in+australia&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i57j0l3j69i62l2.4122j0&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 ) . 
  still , that 's another one i would like to see . 
  also , google music . 
  i do n't know how much of it works here , and it would * seem * that everything except that new feature they added at i/o works now . 
  i 've yet to actually try it out , though i 'm looking in to doing it soon . 
  we have that . 
  as far as i know , pretty much any new debit card you get has an emv chip on it . 
  i know i got one a few months ago and it had it . 
  this is honestly what i consider the most important argument . 
  people get hung up on when life begins and when it is considered a person . 
  i do n't think that matters . 
  to me , the rights of the woman are the issue at hand . 
  and , as in other situations , one person 's rights end where another 's begin . 
  babies leech on their mother 's vs m body and resources , and if she does n't want that she should n't have to go through it . 
  her right to her body is more important to the babies right to life -- given that life can only be given by that leeching on her body . 
   so in an ancap society there 's no government that 's building roads , roads are just built by people . 
  this type of thing is one of the main reasons i think libertarianism is a downright stupid philosophy . 
  you make this argument that people would build roads and run all these other public goods . 
  but it simply is n't based in fact . 
  economic theory is notoriously inaccurate , but you would be hard pressed to find anyone who would seriously believe in that nonsense . 
  * no roads would be built * , or if they were , only along major roadways , and likely at great cost . 
  i 'm not going to bother debating the nonsense about how taxes are somehow equal to holding a gun to someone 's head . 
  i 'm really curious , has your mind really been changed , as in you note believe this libertarianism ideology , or merely expanded a bit ? 
  because i truly can not see how someone could , through reasoning , believe it . 
  i was curious and interested when i first came across the idea , but i went to a libertarian subreddit and asked a bunch of questions and ended up coming away holding the view that they are by far the worst ideology for a functioning society that has ever been developed . 
  in fact , that was n't quite accurate , as there could n't be a functioning society . 
  i 'm on mobile atm so i ca n't link you , but check through my submission history for what should be a fairly enlightening read regardless of which side you stand on .
