  i 'm just not entirely sure i have confidence that i 'll be happy with the resolution ( or even that there will be a proper one ) . 
  i honestly do n't even know why i watch legends . 
  i hate it ; i 've always hated it . 
  there 's basically nothing good i can say about it . 
  and yet i watch every episode . 
  i guess it 's a completionist thing ? 
  the whole thing with einstein in this episode was just * abysmal * . 
  everything from the portrayal of the person to the factual accuracy was just cringeworthy . 
  i 'm ( * very * ) cautiously optimistic about this justice society thing though . 
  that was a super fun way to end the episode . 
  i have a feeling that , as someone who wants to properly understand what 's going on , the interaction between legends ' time travelling and whatever the fuck flash is doing is going to end up really frustrating . 
  but i hold out hope it might be resolved satisfactorily . 
  is vixen on tv now ? 
  how do i go about watching it ? 
  this thread is the first time i 've heard anything about another season of it . 
  i enjoyed the first mini-series well enough . 
  hi , could you please resubmit this with a more accurate title . 
  please also remember to add a flair to your submission . 
  i expect them not to claim historical figures invented things they had no part in inventing , unless said inaccuracy is a specific plot point . 
   if i ... had to pay the outright cost ( $ 1000 + in australia for the 32gb ) i honestly would not be happy in the phone . 
  i find it interesting that you would say that . 
  it 's actually * substantially * cheaper to buy the 32 gb pixel outright than it is to go through the plan telstra is advertising . 
  buying outright and being on a $ 40/month plan is slightly cheaper than telstra 's option , and given australia 's extremely vibrant and competitive market for mobile carriers , anyone paying that much ( not including the phone itself ) is getting ripped off * majorly * . 
  [ neither do i ] ( http://images.bit-tech.net/blog/2009/09/make-your-own-dvorak-keyboard/dvorak.jpg ), 
  and `` know '' is shakespearean metaphor for `` have sex with '' . 
  someone else from his party , surely ? 
  or did he have a strong personal vote ? 
  to be honest i have n't actually rearranged the keycaps . 
  if you looked at my keyboard it would look like it 's qwerty . 
  most games actually automagically pretend you 're still using qwerty . 
  i 'm * guessing * they 're actually checking for the hardware presses rather than the character being sent , but i 'm not 100 % sure how they do it . 
  some others automatically know what keyboard layout you 're using and adjust accordingly . 
  for example , an in-game prompt explaining what is normally wasd to you will instead use , aoe both this type and the former type will usually allow typing in game ( for example , in-game chat ) using dvorak . 
  the final type of games is the dumb ones . 
  they require you to change your keyboard layout back to qwerty . 
  which is super easy , i have it mapped to win-space on windows and linux , and control-space on macos . 
  just have to make sure it switches to qwerty and not to my coder 's dvorak layout . 
  have you ever looked in to alternate companies ? 
  through vaya you could get 8 gb/month and unlimited calls/texts in aus for $ 36 . 
  amaysim has unlimited calls/texts in aus and to select international countries , as well as 9 gb for just under $ 50 . 
  both on the optus 4g network . 
  boost sells 9 gb , unlimited domestic calls/texts and unlimited international to 10 countries including most of the anglosphere , on the telstra 4g network , for $ 40 . 
  if you 're that heavy a user though , it 's quite possible that mvnos are n't such a great deal . 
  they 're ** super ** competitive if you 're not such a heavy user , or if you spend most of your time ( or most of the time when you 'd want to be downloading large files ) on wifi . 
  i currently pay $ 11/per month for 1 gb data and nothing else ( payg texts and calls -- of which i use less than $ 1 worth per month ) through yomojo . 
  they 're still worth looking in to though , because if you have n't shopped around you 'll never know what sort of deals you can get . 
  edit : just had a look at yomojo 's non-personalised plans . 
  they 've got 10 gb data w / unlimited calls/texts for just under $ 45 . 
  have you ever looked in to mvnos ? 
  it 's quite likely that you 'd be able to get much better deals from one of them . 
  i put some examples in my reply to wooparse . 
  but even just black background would be better than this annoying shit . 
  they 've somehow taken vertical video and made it * worse * . 
   twelve isolated groups of suppressed populations , each with a single primary industry requiring harsh manual labor ? 
  i do n't think that 's a correct assessment of the world . 
  the more inner districts are responsible for more complicated production . 
  for example , district 1 is creating luxury items for the capitol , and district 3 manufactures electronics . 
  it was a fantastic set up for a magic system , but paolini got around it way too easily far too often through various means . 
  for example , the fact that it costs as much energy to do something using magic as it would to do it manually is a really cool limitation , but then the magical battery things became way too commonplace that it really ruined that aspect . 
  making those batteries * extremely * rare and hard to find/manufacture would have made their value greater and would have made the magic system 's limitations more meaningful . 
  funny , i always saw eragon as a rip-off of aragorn more than dragon . 
  there 's actually an in-universe explanation for the numbers thing . 
   in older times a ternary system ( i.e. 
  base 3 ) was used , but after prolonged contact with other cultures the more widely used decimal system was adopted . 
   bending has like three different origins in the lore, 
  i 'm aware of two of them , but what 's the third ? 
  the original show tells us that people learn bending from the original benders ; flying bison , the moon , badger moles , and dragons . 
  korra shows us the lion turtles giving humans the power of the element . 
  they do n't explicitly state it , but this is n't * bending * . 
  avatar wan ( before he became the avatar ) learnt how to truly * bend * fire during his training montage with the dragon . 
  bending is more than just being able to crudely throw around the element , it 's the art form of truly controlling it like an extension of your own body . 
   all air nomads died , not one fled , like air nomads are supposed to ? 
  this is actually answered in one of the comics . 
  some did flee ( though admittedly , probably much fewer than would have made sense ) . 
  those were eventually found and hunted down by the fire nation . 
  by the time the show starts , aang is the only one left . 
  does n't make a huge amount of sense ( why would no one have fled into the earth kingdom or the northern water tribe ? 
  ) , but it 's something . 
  but i would certainly be interested if you have any other examples . 
   the hall of avatars at least visually seems to be filled with hundreds , maybe thousands of avatars, 
  try 181 precisely . 
  [ someone else did the maths ] ( http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/46908/how-many-avatars-have-there-been ) , and the figure is even the same in the show as in the movie that they never made , so it seems reasonable to consider it canon . 
   realistically with almost all of them reaching 100 + years very easily, 
  we know basically * nothing * about the period between wan 's death and yangchen . 
  we do know that there was a lot of war in the time immediately after wan , though , so it 's very possible that they went through the next few quite quickly . 
  of those that we do know , kuruk died in his 30s , and roku was 70 ( which , considering he 's depicted as very old , makes that seem like a more reasonable figure ) . 
  we know kyoshi had a crazy long life , and aang did thanks to the iceberg , but there 's nothing stopping the mean age from being 55 . 
  that would depend on how one defines `` extreme lefties '' . 
  to an american conservative , our greens are probably extreme lefties . 
  hells , our * labor * might even be extreme lefties compared to some of the nutters over there . 
  i learnt very early , but there was a point at which i presumably did n't , because i remember having the thought at one point that `` in places where it snows , it snows in winter and on christmas '' . 
  side note , it 's not the `` summer olympics '' . 
  it 's just `` the olympics '' to us , for fairly obvious reasons . 
   the governor-general ca n't just choose to not sign legislation they do n't like, 
  actually , they can . 
  they * do n't * because of extremely strong historical precedent of the role being a purely ceremonial one , but they in theory have * very * considerable power . 
  directly electing a president would remove that precedent and add a political mandate to the role . 
  i 've never actually had the new bbq , but the new cheese flavour is so much better than the old one . 
  the old one was n't far from an unflavoured biscuit , but the new one has an awesome cheesey flavouring on it . 
  [ day was put in the 3 year class ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-08-12/pauline-hanson-secures-six-years-in-senate/7730280 ) .
