  they just flat-out refuse to ship stuff here . 
  yeah , the hd edition . 
  i have n't played the classic game since i was a kid . 
  sorry , but your work contains art assets or other content that is not properly credited and ** will be removed ** if they are not added in a reasonable timeframe . 
  please review your work and apply proper credit for sources . 
  if the issue is art assets , please look at the following guide :, 
  for finding art that can be used freely used ; if you are unable to find a source to credit . 
  sometimes it is not completely clear that assets are being used uncredited , and homebrews will slip through the cracks . 
  fret not and please do not feel singled out . 
  if your homebrew is removed , you are welcome to repost it once the proper credits have been established . 
  so the answer would be to use the `` id '' field everywhere the `` name '' field was previously used ? 
  cool . 
  cheers . 
  it 's not `` depth '' for the default form of the game to result in a stupid and broken experience . 
  update : this post has been removed because you did not credit the source of your artwork in time . 
  feel free to resubmit at a later date if you either credit the artists or remove the art . 
   i tap my headphones to my phone , and it 's paired, 
  that 's great , but how do you pair to your laptop or desktop ? 
  or make sure your phone connects not to your headphones , but to your car , if you 're in the car ? 
   we could also start using nfc tags instead of `` what 's the wifi password ? '', 
  i did this recently , and i fucking love it . 
  it 's so useful . 
  annoyingly , a surprising number of android phones do n't support nfc , plus obviously all iphones . 
  and again , unfortunately , it 's still not simple to connect laptops etc. 
  to wifi , so unfortunately you need to keep the wifi password ready to hand even if you do have nfc available . 
  out of interest , you clearly enjoy using nfc a lot . 
  i 'm curious , what things have you set nfc up to do for you ? 
  i 've got a bunch of tags , but so far the only things i 've actually done with them are the wifi thing , and a thing that forces me to tap my phone on it to turn off my alarm . 
  i 'd love to find more ways to use it . 
  i like how the dutch west indies are know where near the west indies , and also are a long , long way east of nearly everything else . 
  razors are a common nothing in philosophy . 
  occam 's is the most well known , but hanlon 's razor is another widely used one -- and very appropriate on the internet . 
  hitchen 's razor is also a good way to dismiss people who are n't arguing in good faith . 
  i wish they would n't design the main game according to the adventurer 's league 's shitty restrictions . 
  let the rest of us play the game properly , and let the al restrict itself to the subset of that game which the al 's crap let 's them . 
  there is if they make the decision not to release content that does n't conform to al 's restrictions . 
  the problem in 3 . x and 4e was n't that they supported their additional material , it was that they had too much additional material to begin with . 
  with one book coming out per year , that 's no longer a problem in 5e . 
  do n't know if it 's too late , but / r/sideways would like to participate if it is n't . 
  that makes a lot more sense ... 
  thanks for the clarification . 
   stick an nfc tag on the dashboard of the car, 
  honestly that 's just generally a good idea . 
  i do n't use bluetooth headphones , so i keep bluetooth turned off on my phone most of the time . 
  an nfc tag to toggle bluetooth on and off ( since pairing with the car will be automatic if it 's on ) is a pretty good idea . 
  a good backup is one which conforms to 321 backup . 
  3 copies . 
  2 different media . 
  1 off site . 
  the 3 copies include your working copy . 
  2 different media could be any 2 from hdd , ssd , cloud , optical , or magnetic tape . 
  the 1 off site is best if it 's cloud , but could also be just you regularly taking a hard drive over to your parents ' house or something . 
  off site is important , since that 's the only way you are protected against thieves , fires , flooding , etc. 
  wait , are you saying that if your opponent is n't expecting you , you do n't need an army , you need 20 good men ? 
   he 's been described as the best gay , black , one eyed pianist to ever come out of new orleans . 
  that sentence sounds like it 's intended as a backhanded compliment . 
  an insult disguised as a compliment . 
  so ... the attacks on their person , while entirely accurate , are not exactly useful . 
  nevertheless , i do agree with you . 
  it 's really not a problem i 've ever encountered here . 
  we have far more of a problem with dangerous drivers swerving in and out than we do with people going too slowly in an overtaking lane . 
  you 're probably the same sort of cunt that yells at cyclists to `` get off the footpath ! '', 
  when they 're riding off the road . 
  what he means is he 's a cyclist suffering from male pattern baldness . 
   is that prejudice ? 
  yes . 
  but also , sometimes prejudices exist for a reason . 
  the bitumen * is * a more suitable place for runners than the footpath . 
  it 's better on the knees . 
  but of course , that does n't negate common sense . 
  always wear bright clothing . 
  where possible , run on the * right * so you can see traffic coming and get out of the way . 
  spring officially starts on the first of september in australia . 
  some other countries observe the start of seasons with the solstice or equinox . 
  we do not . 
  because it makes no fucking sense to make the day which is the * epitome * of the season the * first * day of that season . 
  scientifically , seasons are an arbitrary thing . 
  no one starting or ending point is objectively correct . 
  no , it 's not . 
  to quote one expert :, 
   professional meterologists begin the seasons on the first day of the month . 
  they have followed this convention for around 120 years , or as long as there have been professional meterologists . 
  australia was founded after the enlightenment ; therefore it has been pre-disposed to scientific explanations of most things . 
  in contrast , europe and asia have very long traditions of astronomy/astrology that tradionally rely on the sun to mark the change of seasons . 
  i do n't know you or anything about your circumstances , and i do n't entirely understand what i just read . 
  but i do know that i enjoyed the experience of reading it . 
  so keep up the good work , i guess !, 
  it 's not illegal or inadvisable to be in the right hand lane on most roads . 
  only roads that are specifically signed as such , or roads with a speed limit over 80 . 
  even then , it 's only the right * most * lane . 
  if there are three lanes each way , the left and middle lanes are both fine . 
  the problem with bixby is that samsung is crap at software and should stop trying to shove their shittier versions of google software down their users ' throats . 
  this is a really great demonstration of why the new inkarnate is bad for world/continent scale maps . 
  nicely done !, 
  age of mythology is great . 
  best rts ever made imo . 
  battle for middle-earth 2 is quite simplistic mechanically , but a heap of fun if you like tolkien 's world and you like rts games . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if you 'll be able to run it or not though . 
  ( it 's also unfortunately extremely difficult to obtain through 100 % * legitimate * means . ), 
   you sound like one of those `` hard cunts '' that refuses to leave the far right lane,
