  they 're certainly dying , but they 're definitely not completely gone . 
  i know of two proper blockbusters stores in my city , as well as numerous little kiosks/dvd rental vending machine type things . 
  ( ir ) relevant username ? 
  but i agree , drops below 20 \u02da and it 's cold . 
  [ i want to send my players to the elemental plane of polonium ] ( http://xkcd.com/965/ ) . 
  i 'm surprised it 's only been referenced that many times . 
   the one that endorses slavery , rape , pedophilia and stoning , beating , and oppressing women ? 
  the one that calls for death to those who renounce their faith ? 
  does n't the bible do exactly these same things ? 
  or at least a good many of them . 
  at least according to the wikipedia articles , brisbane has been considering a bid for this since before bidding on the 2016 olympics . 
  it has n't come to fruition in the past , so i 'm remaining skeptical about this one until i actually see the bid officially launched . 
  that 's the very definition of an ad hominem . 
  saying that anything they suggest must be wrong because they have been inconsistent in the past . 
  i 've never been to california , but i 'll make a couple of notes regarding what i 've heard about it online . 
  you did n't say which part you 're in , so i 'll add a few things for both la and the bay area . 
  brisbane has the weather in australia , some of the best you 'll find in the world . 
  if you 're in la , this might not be a significant difference , but if you 're further north -- say , in the bay area , it will . 
  i 've heard really bad things about la traffic . 
  brisbane can be a nuisance sometimes , but from what i 've heard it 's no where near as bad . 
  cons :, 
  it 's probably quite a bit more expensive . 
  not just for the things you always hear about ( video games , electronics , etc. 
  ) , but even everyday things like petrol and food . 
  there 's a good chance your pay will reflect this , but it 's worth keeping in mind . 
  if you 're into the arts , what 's available here can be very good , but probably is n't as good an offering as you can get in california . 
  fun fact , but you actually * ca n't * do what they did with facetime . 
  facetime does n't allow you to have multiple separate ongoing video calls . 
  heck , i do n't know of any platform that * does * . 
  you can do something similar with hangouts and have multiple people in one call , but it 's still all in the one window . 
  and is switzerland in the midwest ? 
  i did n't think so !, 
   like our australian friends, 
  wait have they confirmed this ? 
  how is it going to be watchable in australia , in that case ? 
  got ta be honest , if i ca n't watch it on yahoo , i 'm almost certainly just going to be pirating it . 
  fuck geo-restrictions online . 
  yeah , same . 
  if yahoo does n't let me watch it , i will completely unabashedly turn to piracy . 
  fuck geo-restrictions on online content . 
  as an australian , what the fuck is stan ? 
  haha that 's a fair point . 
  but nah i was only making a joke . 
  i 'm curious , how do you go about downloading the shows via sftp ? 
  i set up a seedbox at my parents ' place overseas when i was there , but i 've since had trouble connecting to it . 
  i can access and use the qbittorrent web interface i set up just fine , and i can connect using my sftp client fine and view files , but when i try actually downloading anything it never gets started -- just always sits at 0 bytes . 
   i long for the day they use a boxing glove arrow, 
  you know they already have , right ? 
  in the episode that he fought that boxer guy ( wildcat , was it ? 
  source on the second crossover ? 
  i 've not heard anything about it , and googling is only turning up stuff about the last crossover . 
  wait holy shit what he was an nrl player, 
  you know what makes that awesome ? 
  nrl often gets referred to as `` league '' , to distinguish it from rugby union . 
  and now he 's the leader of the league of assassins . 
  but eww ... a manly player ... 
  there 's no better time to kill off a character than when he 's supposed to be at his happiest . 
  yeah i totally agree . 
  i 'm not bothered by it this time since it seemed kinda obvious that that 's what they were going to do , but holy shit sometimes these future spoilers can be awful . 
  most of the time you get downvoted to oblivion for pointing it out , too . 
  youtube comments on good channels are actually pretty good . 
  just stay away from them on the top youtubers . 
  a ) i 'm not entirely convinced that 's who you say it is . 
  b ) even if it is , one or two cast members have had appearances on the other show before , without it being a cross-over . 
  ( felicity being on the flash , cisco and caitlin being on arrow late season 2 . ), 
  c ) if there were going to be a proper cross-over , the showrunners probably would have made some sort of an announcement about it , and there would probably be far more bts pictures available . 
  oooh that would be very cool to see . 
  android does outpace ios , but that does n't change the fact that the iphone and ipad are still the prototypical smartphones and tablets , respectively . 
  i 've had many people refer to my nexus 7 as an ipad ; i 've never heard anyone make the mistake the other way around . 
  but i agree with you regarding skype . 
  skype is the prototypical platform for calling/video chatting over the internet . 
  people use skype as a verb . 
  i 've never heard people use facetime as a verb . 
  heck , i do n't think i 've ever really seen many people use facetime in the wild . 
   as for the argument of ` apple did n't pay for the advertisement ' . 
  they do n't need to , it 'll pay for itself in increased sales ... 
  i think you need to rethink that claim , because it makes zero sense . 
  if it increases sales , that 's how advertising works . 
  if that was the purpose of it , they 'd need to pay for it . 
  but they * did n't * pay for it . 
  so , this is off topic , and i do actually think you 're making good points . 
  i just want to point out that every time you say `` would of '' , you really mean to say `` would have '' , or the contracted form : `` would 've '' . 
  oh please let me know if you do . 
  the couple that were smaller were probably my favourite ones !, 
  really well framed , and absolutely fantastic subject matter for a wallpaper . 
  legally , they 're probably considered different organisations . 
  but in reality , it 's the same one . 
  it 's not * that * far different from how google , apple , etc. 
  have separate companies set up in ireland for tax purposes . 
  i 'm really glad for eff and fsf , but i 'm a little worried about tor being included . 
  its claims to security has largely been debunked , and i think it being on here might leave more people using it and assuming it 's totally secure . 
  i 'm mainly just playing devil 's advocate ( heh ) here , but fighting religion can do a surprising amount of good in the world . 
  those who are less religious are more likely to be able to get a good education unhindered by religious beliefs . 
  this especially applies to women , who in many parts of the world are significantly hindered in terms of their ability to get an education , as well as just live their lives how they want to , because of religion . 
  it 's not just not foolproof , it is in fact very , very little use at prevent you from being traced by a determined tracker . 
  it 's a little better than nothing , sure , but it 's essentially zero use against any government agency , unless you use it intelligently , by moving around and never accessing it from the same place . 
   we are n't exempt from merchant processing or paying for any other services that help a business run, 
  i mean , of course you are n't * legally * exempt . 
  but if i were running a popular payment service , you bet i 'd be allowing charitable donations for free , or at least for a lower fee than usual , just for the good will . 
   again , i disagree .
