  perhaps the fact that the government was n't spending in other areas freed them up to spend more in the innovative areas of scientific research that resulted in what nasa was in the mid-late 1900s . 
  i think it 's a bit more than he simply disagrees with you , though . 
  the biggest problem i have with your argument is that it 's based on an ideology , but one that has no statistics to back it up . 
  if your ideology was correct , and people really were that charitable , i would be all for getting rid of many parts of government . 
  however , the statistics indicate that it is simply not the case . 
  i know nothing about biology , but could it be that some of the important genes that determine `` asianness '' a dominant , making this more likely ? 
   mainly , i wanted to point out to liberals that just because conservatives want to cut spending to `` entitlement programs '' does n't mean we do n't want to help . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  i think it 's absolutely essential that everyone should know that all anyone wants ( apart from the really extremists on both sides ) is what is best for everyone . 
  we just have different views on what will get us there . 
  sinking feeling ? 
  i was surprised when that was n't the first thing i saw when i opened the thread . 
  wtf is that emoticon, 
  oh i see it now . 
  those are eyebrows !, 
  yes , a quarter of their budget is towards aid , but if we take aid in proportion to everything else they spend on , the ratio is 1:3 . 
  the second movement of mozart 's clarinet concerto was the first thing that came to my mind . 
  a small amount of slightly technical stuff , but far more of it is lyrical and musical . 
  perhaps even better is the second movement of mozart 's clarinet quintet . 
  it 's got about the same amount of technical stuff as the concerto , but i would argue it 's probably more lyrical . 
  you could also add on the third movement , which is n't too technical either ( though it is somewhat more difficult technically than the 2nd movement ) , and it has some great melodies . 
  the fourth movement could be described in the exact same way as the third . 
  both of these could be described as more `` fun '' than extremely lyrical , but they are nice melodies , not fast technical arpeggios . 
  the fourth movement does have a fairly technical section around the middle , but it still feels like a really nice melody when listening to it with the other parts . 
  the 2nd , 3rd , and 4th movements of brahms 's quintet 's also worth looking at , but are probably a little too technical for your liking . 
  [ croon song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kylielgxv9i&amp;list=pl32aed66717b83b9d&amp;index=6 ) by william hurlstone . 
  i can probably get you a copy of it if you 're interested , since this one 's harder to get a hold of . 
  [ this more modern piece ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq1xug4jryu ) , by a composer i randomly stumbled across on youtube . 
  [ vocalise ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9szfzoslrek&amp;list=pl32aed66717b83b9d&amp;index=9 ) by rachmaninoff . 
  you 've almost certainly come across this before , perhaps for another instrument . 
  it 's originally for soprano or tenor voice , without words , but has been arranged for virtually every instrument out there . 
  it sounds absolutely lovely on the clarinet . 
  as with croon song , i may be able to send you a copy if you 're interested . 
  as douchy as it is , that * does n't * sound as inconsistent as you seem to think . 
  given his premise -- that you waste hours mastering every game -- his conclusion does actually make sense . 
  if he beats you , he can gloat because he won even without all the practising . 
  if he loses , it 's a fair excuse . 
  of course , his premise does n't make sense , and that kind of makes the entire argument moot . 
  op linked the wrong article . 
  the correct one ( he 's since posted it a coupla times ) is [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in_vino_veritas ) . 
   the roman historian tacitus described how the germanic peoples always drank wine while holding councils , as they believed nobody could lie effectively when drunk . 
  it 's a poorly sourced article , though , so i would n't pay too much attention to it . 
  a few more data points . 
  6/6 bach 's brandenburg concertos are major . 
  11/16 of beethoven 's string quartets ( at least the ones i have , dunno if that 's all of them ) are major, 
  7/9 beethoven 's symphonies, 
  12/24 chopin preludes are major ( perhaps an unfair choice , seeing as there 's one in each key ), 
  11/21 chopin nocturnes are major, 
  5/9 dvorak symphonies are major, 
  4/7 sibelius symphonies are major, 
  4/9 sibelius string quartets, 
  11/15 schubert string quartets, 
  that adds up to ( ignoring the chopin preludes ) 60/98 , or about 61 % . 
  i also left out a whole heap of mozart stuff because a ) it 's all major , and b ) it 's a tad difficult to describe what the collection consists of , though a broad overview would be that it was part of a collection entitled mozart wind concertos ( but it is n't just concertos ) . 
  no , i agree completely . 
  i hate adblock with a passion . 
  it 's an absolute scourge on the internet , and people who gloat about how they use it should go die in a fire . 
  that said , i * do * have an adblocker installed , because fuck websites that have obnoxious ads that get all in your face . 
  i do n't mind flashy banners even , but if it 's making noise , or obstructing my view of the actual website , it deserves to be blocked . 
  so when i moved back to australia from vietnam , and started getting obnoxious ads all over youtube , i installed it . 
  i did n't mind the banner ads at the bottom of the video or at the side , but fuck prerolls and those giant banners on the homepage . 
  i really wish there was a good adblocker that works on a blacklist basis , rather than a whitelist . 
  i.e. , all sites are * un * blocked at first , but i can add them to the blacklist to block ads on that site . 
  i 've heard that you can add * . 
  * to your whitelist , but i tried that and it did n't work . 
  this is why i love google . 
  i 'm really upset that they 're shutting reader down , but they are a business , so i guess i understand . 
  what i love is the clear culture of openness that google has , allowing you to export all your data from virtually all of their products , not just the ones about to go away . 
  holy hell yes . 
  man google wave could have been so useful . 
  had it taken off , it honestly could have replaced email , im , and project collaboration , as well as a whole host of other things . 
  it 's such a shame google wave never got the foothold it deserved . 
  i 'd like it if he allowed login with google . 
  it would be so damn ironic ( and also convenient for those that want it ) . 
  if you really think that is an accurate description of google + there , you should really actually go and try it out . 
  that 's a terrible description . 
  but i agree with you , google * has * gotten rid of reader . 
  its most important feature : being a centralised location for reading all your rss feeds , has ** not ** been duplicated in any of their other services . 
  i also do this , and in chrome , too , but just so you know , most ( if not all ) other major browsers have this feature now . 
  economically [ he was actually fairly centrist ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/analysis2 ) . 
  it 's just that he 's one of the most extreme there 's ever been in terms of authoritarianism . 
  seeing 1/4th confused me . 
  one quarterth ?? 
  then i remembered in the us a quarter is often called a fourth . 
  you describe it as duplicating the service of something people prefer . 
  people universally seem to hate facebook . 
  they only use it because there 're more people they know there . 
  additionally , if you really had tried out plus , you 'd see that it does far more than simply duplicate facebook 's features . 
  as for the lack of people , it 's definitely true , and that 's a really sad thing when you consider just how much better it is . 
  however , if you ignore its normal social networking side and just join a bunch of communities for things you 're interested in , then the lack of people disappears suddenly , and plus becomes awesome . 
  it 's no substitute for having your real life friends on there , but it 's great nonetheless . 
  i use adblock + in chrome , but i 've never seen any way to disable on all sites . 
  to me that just says that the personalised results clearly are n't personalised * enough * , or they would more accurately represent what you 've displayed is your taste . 
  it 's not that personalised ads ate bad , but that google either does n't do them will enough , or has deliberately dumbed down their results top try and appease privacy nuts like the gut i initially replied to , such that the results are n't as relevant as would be ideal . 
  but that 's exactly what you 're doing right now , here , on reddit , is it not ? 
  it 's just a great way to talk with people who have similar interests to you , on a specific topic . 
  why should meeting in real life , or doing it with friends from real life , be a requirement ? 
  i 'm sorry if the only communities you 've seen are all spammy , but believe me when i say they are n't all like that . 
  none of the ones i 'm in are . 
  in australia it 's the law .
