  perhaps because they 're deliberately aiming for the opposite effect of why companies often charge $ 99 for something . 
   clearly this is not someone who can be rehabilitated ; not someone who can be re-educated, 
  i would agree that is * probably * the case , but i do n't think it 's clear that it * must * be the case . 
  he 's done something terrible , and should obviously be punished , but the justice system should at least try to rehabilitate him . 
  it 's not like he 's proven to be a repeat offender . 
  i would say life imprisonment is ~ ~ more than ~ ~ enough , without adding the lashes on top . 
  theoretically they could . 
  death by torture . 
  but even the nutiest of death penalty supporters do n't usually support that . 
  a slight correction . 
  i believe that technically , famous should only be used for positive things . 
  in practice this is never followed and people use famous for anyone well-known , meaning an infamous person is also famous , however the two terms are supposed to be mutually exclusive . 
  i could be wrong , though . 
  man , of you had caps lock on , that post musta taken a hell of a lot of shift . 
  my god this set is absolutely amazing . 
  hope reddit does n't go full retard like they did with the chernobyl set . 
  absolutely amazing work here !, 
  hahaha , i 've not got anything wrong with that sort of harmless hyjinx . 
  that 's just reddit ( and tbh is one of the things i love about it ) . 
  it 's when they go as rude as they did in the chernobyl one -- that 's embarrassing . 
  worth noting that as a part of this same investment , apple agreed to make ie the default web browser on mac os for a number of years , and microsoft agreed that it would release an equal number of major versions of office for windows and mac for a certain time, 
  just a bit of fun tech history there . 
   no , microsoft would exist as a monopoly , which is what bill gates did n't want . 
  let 's not pretend gates is some sort of angel here . 
  during his time at microsoft he was an absolutely ruthless businessman . 
  he absolutely made this investment because he thought it was in microsoft 's best interest , not because it was best for the consumer . 
  it just so happens that in this case they aligned . 
  as our spanish-named friend above said , microsoft would have been in a hell of a lot more trouble with the law had they not had a viable competitor . 
  speculating is useless , of course , but who knows , perhaps the threats to break up microsoft into multiple , smaller , companies , would have been made good on . 
  this is indeed correct . 
  no government could reasonably break up a monopoly that got there through completely unquestionable moral conduct , but instead just had a product that was that much better , and produced that much more efficiently , than the competition . 
  as an aside , i believe playing dirty to get into a monopolistic position is also illegal in most places , e.g. 
  selling at a loss to get rid of competition . 
  you 've left out some key details there . 
  like how jobs was kicked out of apple ( you mentioned him returning , but your narrative never had him leave ) right after the release of the first mac . 
  as a less important little tidbit , before the mac , apple made the lisa ( unofficially named after jobs ' illegitimate daughter , officially an acronym for something i ca n't be bothered to look up ) , which was crazy expensive , but was one of the earliest computers with a gui . 
  this was the first piece of tech that came as a result of apple 's visit to xerox parc . 
  it failed miserably due to the price , but much of its technology was later incorporated in the first mac . 
  based on your username ( and , by the way , awesome name !, 
  ) , i 'm sure you already knew this . 
  i 'm putting it out there for anyone else who may be interested . 
  wow , that i never knew . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  only place i 've ever seen it is in korea . 
  and it 's hideous . 
  i disagree about it being `` pretty good '' , but indeed , milkis is a thing in korea at the very least . 
  right . 
  but that only serves to bolster my point . 
  yes they have tighter gun controls than the us , but they also have guns readily available . 
  it makes sense that it would be lower than the us but higher than , say , australia . 
  thanks for the link , though , i actually did n't know most of that . 
  there were ubisoft-published versions of it . 
  and they were fucking shit . 
  it 's because of this that i refuse to ever buy an ubisoft game again . 
  i had a legitimate copy of aom from its original publisher , microsoft game studios , and i absolutely loved playing it . 
  i could spend hours online playing a variety of custom maps . 
  at some point , my disk broke , and i could n't play anymore . 
  so i went down to a store to buy another copy , and the only copies available were ubisoft published ( and even then , the only way i was able to get it was walking like 5 km to another store , but that 's not ubisoft 's fault ) . 
  i buy the copy , and leave the store glad to finally be done with that , and excited to go back and play again . 
  not long after i left the store , i read the back of the box . 
  turns out it specifically says online play is not available . 
  had i known this beforehand , i would n't have bothered buying it , i could easily play without online by pirating . 
  it was a spin-off from the main series of age of empires games . 
  it features heavily from the mythology of egyptian , greek , and norse cultures , with the expansion ( age of titans ) adding in the mythical atlantean civilisation . 
  it is , in my opinion , and that of many others , the greatest game to have come from the age of empires franchise ( with nearly everyone who disagrees with that claim stating aok is the best ) . 
  i 'd also say it 's the greatest rts ever made . 
  it also had an amazing online community , with some brilliant custom-made maps . 
  but not os x , apparently :(, 
  i do n't know about aok , but i played some awesome tower defence-style custom maps on aom . 
  to be fair , microsoft has a great history with being backwards compatible . 
  too much , quite often . 
  ninjaedit : worth noting , though , that aom and aoe iii were made available for mac . 
  the article you linked was very vague . 
  it 's hard to tell if they 're talking in absolute or relative numbers . 
  however , [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ) 's a source that does take population into account , giving it as a number per 100,000 population each year . 
  it shows the us as the second highest country ( of the ones i would describe as `` western '' , behind south africa , which i 'll admit is somewhat debatable ) , with switzerland coming in 3rd in that respect , but nearly a third as much as the us . 
  for interest 's sake , australia is less than a third of switzerland , and the uk comes in at a quarter of that . 
  i had clicked to open it in a new tab . 
  then i read this , and closed it again before looking . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm pretty sure he knows the gameplay is the gameplay . 
  he 's just confused about how items work . 
  why do you get them ? 
  how do you use them ? 
  how do you tell which ones are the best , and what they 're used for ? 
  the game does a really poor job of teaching you that stuff . 
  i 've only played a little bit more than he has , and i 've kinda figured out the basics of it , but i 'm still really confused . 
  you mention `` without having provoked it '' . 
  surely if china is actively looking for an out , nk 's already done more than enough provoking for them to justify backing out ? 
  i would define the difference as whether or not they make their primary source of income through photography , which trey does . 
  but that part is n't so relevant to the argument of linking back to the blog , it 's only regarding the way people are framing this debate . 
  and regarding askscience , if they had the entirety of the immediately relevant content posted in the thread , but then also linked back to their blog ( which is professional in style , and strongly related to high quality scientific content ) so those interested in seeing more can do so , then i would have nothing wrong with it . 
  the entire body of trey 's blog post was left in a comment here , but was downvoted by all these arseholes who were butthurt about a couple of mentions of the blog . 
  i should point out at this point , afl the downvoting of his comments goes completely against reddiquette , because they were very much relevant to the conversion . 
  i would define the difference as whether or not they make their primary source of income through photography , which trey does . 
  but that part is n't so relevant to the argument of linking back to the blog , it 's only regarding the way people are framing this debate . 
  and regarding askscience , if they had the entirety of the immediately relevant content posted in the thread , but then also linked back to their blog ( which is professional in style , and strongly related to high quality scientific content ) so those interested in seeing more can do so , then i would have nothing wrong with it . 
  the entire body of trey 's blog post was left in a comment here , but was downvoted by all these arseholes who were butthurt about a couple of mentions of the blog . 
  i should point out at this point , afl the downvoting of his comments goes completely against reddiquette , because they were very much relevant to the conversion . 
  i just said .
