  it was completely out of place . 
  terrible episode . 
   that literally caused an almost annie-like ` awwww ! ', 
  from me, 
  because it took me a re-read of the original comment , followed by a second read of your comment before i even realised yours was different from the original . 
  relevant username . 
  in this case , i think it might be ( or at least , it had * better * be ) about the dupe bug . 
  but as a fellow aussie player , yeah , i really wish they 'd pick a better time to do it . 
  thursday or wednesday morning us time would be better . 
  ( europe has separate servers , so they should n't worry about accommodating european time zone users . ), 
  nonsense . 
  remember , europe has their own servers , so we can completely ignore them in terms of maintenance of the us servers . 
  doing it at around 10am on a thursday would make it midnight or 11pm aest ( depending on whether america is in daylight saving or not ) . 
  that 's certainly not inconveniencing any significant amount of us users ( or , not any more than 8am would be ) , it 's probably * more * convenient for zenimax employees , and it makes it at a less common time for users in the asia pacific region both in terms of the time ( much later at night ) and day ( thursday is obviously going to see less gaming than friday ) . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  i 've had heaps of problems lately . 
  often when moving into a new area ( including opening doors or going through portals ) i 'll frequently see it loading for ages and then get an error saying a problem has occurred . 
  i also often ca n't log in at all . 
  it 'll let me log in to my account , but then trying to select the character loads for ages and does n't work . 
  i think this is the best use of that gif . 
  or 100 piles of wood . 
  you make a good point , at least from a neoclassical economic standpoint . 
  the problem is , though , `` in the long run we are all dead . '', 
  the time it takes for `` the long run '' to come in the context of this game may very well be too long for it to be useful to most people . 
  we might not be playing the game by the time that comes around . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
   then again i 've seen more real women naked than playboys, 
  if reddit 's taught me anything , it 's that i now need to tell you that you 're lying , despite no evidence of that . 
  once again the real tip is in the comments . 
  i never knew about middle clicking the refresh button , thanks !, 
  that was implied in the above comment . 
  it was the exception that proves the rule . 
  alt-f4 closes whole windows . 
  ctrl-w is where it 's at . 
  i assume application switcher is referring to something like expos\u00e9 . 
  i 'm not sure whether or not they intended to imply that middle clicking on mac activates this , or that it 's slow and unusable on mac , though i suspect not in each case . 
  no scroll wheel ? 
  pro-tip , copy-paste works inside the game . 
  the first time :, 
   right click on a spammer 's name in the chat , press report , select the appropriate drop down , type your message , select it , ctrl/cmd-c , press screenshot if you want , press submit, 
  after that , all you need to do is :, 
   right click on the name , press report , select the drop-down , ctrl/cmd-v , press screenshot if you want , press submit, 
  only takes a handful of seconds . 
  i usually then press `` ignore '' on their name , too , just to get it out of my chat bar . 
  i probably reported upwards of 20 last night , and all up was probably only like 2 minutes . 
  oh no , i 'm not disagreeing with you there . 
  certainly i would welcome a two-click system . 
  i 'm just trying to make it as easy as possible under the current system . 
  serious question , what happened afterwards ? 
  did the batter hit the ball ? 
  if not , did they count it as a strike or a ball , or did they call it `` interference '' or something ? 
  nearly clicked that , but then checked the status bar url thing `` http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/leaningonthefourthwall '' . 
  nope . 
  not clicking on that . 
  not when i got shit to do today . 
  the reference given there states :, 
   that bizarre play is not covered in the official rules . 
  when a situation is not covered , rule 9.01 ( c ) comes into play . 
  that rule gives the umpire authority to rule on any point not specifically covered in the rules . 
  in such instances the umpire is instructed to use `` common sense and fair play . '', 
  in this game , the umpires called it no pitch , as this was the fairest thing to do . 
   as a side-note , mlb regulations do cover a batted or thrown ball ( but not a pitched ball ) touching an animal : `` if a batted or thrown ball strikes a bird or other animal on the playing field , consider the ball alive and in play , the same as if it had not touched the bird or animal . '', 
  for anyone interested . 
  wait , does that mean i am literally the opposite of batman ? 
  edit :, 
  on a more serious note , wiktionary gives the definition of, 
  of either of two complementary or mutually exclusive things . 
  extremely different ; inconsistent ; contrary ; repugnant ; antagonistic, 
  so , for example , the opposite of sunny would indeed be cloudy , since the two are complementary . 
  the opposite of up would similarly be down , and not , for example , left or right ( both of which are certainly not up ) . 
  the unnecessary comma bothers me far more than the actual message does . 
  i suppose it 's kinda ironic that he talks about his intelligence in the same sentence that he demonstrates his understanding of basic grammar is not up to scratch . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcwkmgju6mc ) . 
  i want to give / u/referenceerror 1 meowmeowbeenz . 
  nice one ... 
   the subreddit that upvotes a guy who says he vandalises council equipment because fares are too expensive, 
  got a source on that ? 
  it seems really surprising to me that that would have happened . 
   he could have gotten a gocard from any newsagent or 7/11 and got that fare for under $ 4 . 
  but lets not worry about that fact . 
  yeah , let 's not worry about that , despite the fact that the majority of the thread is pointing out just that . 
  the straw man part was implying that those of us that support a fair minimum wage would also believe that it should just be raised to some ridiculous amount . 
  johnson 's trying to present people who actually want the best for individuals ( by having fair wages ) as being irrational and not understanding economics ( by implying that they would support a minimum wage of $ 75/hour ) . 
  because if he answered tough questions in any level of real detail , people would very quickly see how his philosophy simply does not stand up to criticism . 
  he 's playing it safe , because for him , safe is smart . 
  you have a right , according to the universal declaration of human rights ( which has been ratified by the united states , as well as most other developed countries in the world ) to, 
   a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services , and the right to security in the event of unemployment , sickness , disability , widowhood , old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control, 
  all of which is absolutely essential for any society to be truly free in the sense that people are free to live comfortable lives , and which flies in the face of so-called `` negative liberty '' . 
  yup , a huge assumption , and one that 's completely made up -- not based in any reality -- but it 's the only way libertarians can justify their beliefs . 
  yeah i 'm serious . 
  what i just quoted there is the universal declaration of human rights , article 25 ( 1 ) . 
  you can see it [ here ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/ ) . 
  everyone has a right to basic food , housing , and medical care , because without these basic things we would not be able to live free lives . 
  of course i believe that . 
  to ** not ** believe that , one has to be completely devoid of compassion or empathy . 
  you have to be willing to accept that some people will just suffer in life because they were born in unfortunate circumstances , or fell into unfortunate circumstances beyond their control . 
  if that 's you , then so be it . 
  just recognise that you are perfectly willing to let people starve or freeze , all because of your insistence on some particular notion of what freedom is . 
  fine , let 's for a second accept your premise that people only have a right to their life . 
  even under that extremely limiting premise , if someone does n't have access to food and water , they 're not going to be alive very long .
