  i 've never used one , so i did n't know what sort of angle you 'd get out of it . 
  is there a way of potentially mounting it somewhere on the bike itself ? 
  man , superheros are so incestuous . 
  [ this is on the front page of / r/australia right as we speak ] ( https://theconversation.com/the-idea-that-conservatives-are-better-economic-managers-simply-does-not-stand-up-56678 ) . 
  you are aware that you 're arguing in favour of market forces with respect to * illegally obtained material * , right ? 
  have you not seen episode vi yet ? 
  if not , i 've got bad news for ya , mate . 
   the good thing in oz is the court decided to only charge the $ 30 the dvd would cost if it was torrented, 
  i do n't remember the specific result in that case , but i do n't think fining more than it would have cost to legally buy the thing is a bad thing . 
  you * should * get fined far more than the cost , otherwise everyone would * always * steal , and just pay the fine when and if they get caught . 
  of course , $ 30,000 is stupid , but a fine on the order of $ 100 does n't sound unreasonable for stealing a $ 30 item . 
  and nobody should be using less than that for just about anything , anyway . 
  computers are fast enough that even for non-security purposes , there 's really very little advantage in using smaller hashes . 
  if the database is leaked , and i decide i want to look up all the information they 've got on a specific group of people ( say , people i do n't like , or all the politicians and owners of big businesses ) , it 's trivial to do , because i can easily grab their names , hash them , and then compare that with the data . 
  fair enough . 
  that seems a rather odd ruling in my opinion , but i 'll take your word for it . 
   which was only possible with omnifocus on the mac and only with now-abandoned 3rd party software, 
  i 'm a little confused by this point . 
  as far as i can tell , omnifocus has n't been abandoned . 
  what were you referring to here ? 
  oh , like a plug-in * for * omnifocus ? 
  not really . 
  the rule of two was mostly a myth . 
  darth plagueis had darth sidious at the same time as sidious had maul ( during phantom menace ) . 
  sidious had dooku at the same time as dooku was training asajj ventress . 
  and that 's just within the first two movies and the tv series ( g - and t-canon ) . 
  if you allow for all the other material ( c-canon or lower ) , i think there 's some stuff in there about vader having an apprentice , and probably heaps more than that , too . 
   your `` dwelling location '' will be `` other '' ( nearly all homes are , do n't get excited ), 
  if anyone else is curious about this , the answer is on page 58 . 
  the other possible locations are :, 
  * caravan/residential park or camping ground, 
  * manufactured home estate, 
  * retirement village, 
  ah cheers . 
  oh gods , that 's horrible . 
  do you know if the man that got hit is okay ? 
  i find it odd that you consider ruth and david to be religious names . 
  i mean , once you say it , i can see the connection with david , but i had to have it pointed out to me , it 's not one that i 'd intuitively think of as having a religious association . 
  and ruth i do n't know at all . 
  amusingly enough , i 've only known one person named christian . 
  he was muslim . 
  what are your thoughts on other names that i can think of that have clear religious association when you think about it , but perhaps are n't as intuitively thought of in that way ? 
  luke ( which i would most associate with star wars or modern family ) , john ( with the generics like `` doe '' or `` smith '' , or the composer williams ) , and james ( with mcavoy , bond , earl jones , and the scottish/english king -- at least personally , i hear the name and think of him as `` british king '' rather than `` bible writer '' , even though it was the same guy ) . 
  i 'm not trying to attack you or anything here , just curious . 
  it seems to me like it would be a shame to avoid names just because they 've been used in the bible , since a lot of really great names are in there . 
   it 's almost certain that one of the reasons `` eugene '' fell out of favour was eugenics, 
  oh that 's really , really interesting . 
  i had never made that connection before . 
  i thought it was just because it somehow became a name you 'd give to the worst pimply-faced teenager stereotype . 
  i 've never played dark chronicle , but let me guess , emperor griffon is a bad guy ? 
  mark hamill does some awesome bad guy voices . 
  most famously the joker in the dc animated universe and the firelord on avatar . 
  ( and also [ this whole scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbpdrd9wxk ) , which is perhaps the biggest nergasm of all time . 
  see the description for all the context . ), 
  but damn this is a star-studded cast . 
  dee bradley baker , jennifer hale , mark hamill , armin shimerman , scott menville , and all * uncredited * !, 
  how is it unrelated ? 
  you mentioned a certain number of feet , it converted it so people can understand what you were talking about . 
  i do n't know what your websites are , but if they 're `` general purpose '' in * any * way ( i.e. , not a glorified intranet ) , that 's a really massive dick move . 
  just cutting off any ability for anyone to access that stuff just because they happen to be living in the same general geographic area as a higher than normal percentage of attackers . 
  that 's worse georestriction bullshit than even youtube , steam , etc. 
  use . 
  edit : lol , the downvotes are amusing . 
  now just imagine if i had decided to restrict my comment and say that it 's only bad for the likes of youtube , steam , netflix , and amazon . 
  nobody would disagree with me then . 
  how does it suddenly become * okay * just because it 's a small-time guy ? 
  someone who * does n't even have international copyright law as a reason for it * !, 
  the answer is * it does n't * . 
  it 's just as bad , if not worse . 
  [ it 's on the same level as eritrea and north korea ( ranked lowest and second lowest , respectively , on freedom of speech measurements ) , and bhutan in terms of how welcoming it is ] ( https://www.passportindex.org/bywelcomingrank.php ) . 
  no , that 's still a dick move . 
  you may feel it 's worth being a dick in this case because of what that gains you ( and there certainly are plenty of times in life that being a dick is justified , or people have reason to feel it 's justified ) , but it still is dickish . 
  i do n't know what product or service your business provides , but there are * plenty * of legitimate reasons someone may want to visit your site from outside of your local region , in the general sense . 
  if it 's a product , and you offer shipping , they might be interested in getting it , even through one of those third-party international shippers . 
  if it 's a service that only makes sense locally , it could still be someone that 's a local , or is considering becoming a local , and is doing research . 
  i had something similar happen just recently . 
  i was looking up different prices for something i wanted to buy , but i happened to be outside of my country of residence at the time , and they blocked access to the site . 
  it 's basically just a big `` fuck you , because i do n't like where you are '' . 
  i 'm not going to pay money to get around some shitty company 's shitty design decisions . 
  that 's cyan , not green . 
  are you sure the problem is the mic and not the speakers that are being used ? 
   unless you want to end it harmlessly, 
  hence the `` which would be dumb '' . 
   the best way to do it is through email, 
  what is this , 1998 ? 
  ( nah but seriously , the point is a good one . ), 
  i mean , if you 're in your first ( i think that 's what freshmen means ? ), 
  year of uni , you have to submit in whatever format you 've been told to . 
  having this be a zip file of all your source code is not uncommon or even particularly ungainly . 
  i 've had a mixture of assignments submitted that way and ones submitted through a uni-hosted git repo . 
  and for first-years , it probably makes sense to go with the more familiar one . 
  oh gods , i was n't thinking of actually * collaborating * in that way . 
  collaborating without some sort of version control would be * awful * . 
  i was just thinking of work done on one 's own computer and then handing in a final * submission * . 
  my uni did n't have any group programming assignments ( at least with the courses i took ) until i think second semester of second year , which is the same time they taught git to anyone that did n't already know it . 
  i feel like it 's a `` you gain advantage on skill checks of type x '' sort of situation . 
  so instead of gaining proficiency with anything , you get advantage on history and performance checks relating to memes . 
  could it be the * lack * of these things in yours that 's making it stand out ? 
  maybe you just need to add a layer of processing to make it sound * worse * . 
  sort of like you 're currently in the uncanny valley of sound reproduction .
