  you elect local representatives as normal , and then add more members from some national list in order to make parliament proportional . 
  either the size of the lower house would be doubled , or the number of local electorates halved . 
  what 's that price , adjusted for inflation ( and converted to aud ) ? 
  not sure , but probably . 
  if by mobile payments you mean apple pay or android pay , i * think * that they automatically work anywhere that takes paywave/paypass : it 's just up to your bank and phone to support it . 
  the support for those here has been somewhat ... weird ( banks putting out custom apps and selling custom cases/attachments is not unheard of ) , probably because of low demand for it , since paywave/paypass is universal at this point . 
  i think only one major aussie bank supports apple pay , and i do n't think android has rolled theirs out yet . 
  but people coming from overseas with banks that support it * should * work here . 
  i was n't a fan of city states until bnw . 
  i did n't hate them , but i mostly treated them as someone i can conquer early on . 
  but bnw makes them * really * interesting and worthwhile . 
  i dislike whatsapp because i hate the idea of a messenger that * is n't * using sms using your phone number as identification . 
  i want a clear divide between what 's going to cost me texts , and what 's going to cost me data . 
  facebook messenger is what most people i know use . 
  sms is a secondary thing . 
  i do n't know anyone that uses whatsapp . 
  edit : early 20s , brissy . 
  that helps exactly zero . 
   if the app is sending an sms , that 's a text message . 
  this is a tautology , and is completely worthless . 
   pretty much everything else is data . 
  that 's ignoring the existence of mms . 
   if the carrier is n't providing your messaging ( sms ) , it 's using data, 
  again , that 's kinda a tautology . 
  sms is a system that runs over the telco 's network , so if it is n't going through that system , it must be data . 
  the * problem * is how your phone communicates with this network . 
  there are a heap of apps that can deal in sms and mms . 
  there 's standalone things like the default android messaging or qksms ( and countless others ) , but there are also a bunch of apps that convolute things , like hangouts does , and i think facebook messenger can do this , too . 
  i actually do n't know what whatsapp does , but i know it uses your phone number as your identity , and that is bad design . 
  your phone number is what 's used to identify you on phone systems . 
  it should not be used for anything other than sms/mms and phone calls . 
  i assume whatsapp is one of those programmes that can `` fall back '' to sms , and if it is , that makes things * slightly * better , since at least it gives them a good reason for using phone number as id , but even then , it 's annoying because they 're convoluting two completely separate tasks . 
  i got the three big players , family first , and that libertarian nutjob party . 
   the phone number is just for identification, 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  a phone number should * not * be used as your identification for something that 's not happening through the telco . 
  well that just makes the fact that it requires you to use your phone number even worse ... 
  apps can already sync contact lists by giving them access to a phonebook if you want . 
  but if i want to talk to people without going through my phone number , that should be possible . 
  whatsapp says `` fuck it '' to that , and ignores good practice to just use a phone number for something it should not be used for . 
  because * not * all my acquaintances know my phone number , and i 'd rather keep it that way . 
  friends and family are fine , but i 'd like to be able to communicate with a broader circle than that without giving out a fairly private piece of information . 
  why was the title of that not `` contribution graph considered harmful '' ? 
  who gives a fuck about the ascii art they 're super damn annoying and just get in the way of the actual instructions that you 're opening the file to get to . 
  metadata is data about data . 
  the simplest example is in photos . 
  if you take a photo on a digital camera , it comes with the actual photo ( the data ) and some metadata , which can be things like your focal length , shutter speed , the actual camera you used , the time it was taken , the place it was taken , etc. 
  in music , the data is the actual piece , the metadata is things like the title , the album , the artist , etc. 
  web pages have metadata as well . 
  there 's the page 's `` title '' , which you 'll see in the titlebar of your browser , the favicon , information about the language the site is in , and a few other things could be considered metadata . 
  sounds reasonable stop hopefully our upcoming election will result in the saner party winning stop then we can have better internet stop, 
  supposedly saint-sa\u00ebns stormed out of the performance due to the treatment of the bassoon in the opening . 
  though i 've heard other reports that it 's unlikely he was ever even there . 
  so make of that what you will . 
  have you ever sat in a software engineering lecture ? 
  the need becomes very clear if you have . 
  that 's a fantastic idea . 
  broncos v. raiders is also a great choice , especially since the broncos are near the top of their game this season . 
  or if he 's here at the time , broncos v. storm , for * two * teams in excellent form . 
  ( and nrl is * perhaps * an easier game to explain to a canadian , who is probably already at least passingly familiar with rugby union . ), 
   it 's highly likely you just like to nitpick in the pursuit of `` technical correctness '', 
  hi pot , meet kettle . 
  personal space, 
  is what you were going for :, 
  personal space, 
  knowing telstra , that really * would * be the case . 
  25 cents per millibit is about $ 32,768 per kilobyte . 
  i think this would be fantastic . 
  it would mean we get to see more of jerome , which i do n't think anyone would object to , but at the same time , those of us who do n't like the idea of a * true * joker before batman arrives in gotham city wo n't be upset . 
  it would be a fair change from the character of jerome we saw earlier , but we have to expect personalities to change as a result of strange 's revival process : that 's the whole point of it !, 
  and i definitely think cameron monaghan would be more than capable of pulling off a convincing mad hatter . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , nothing 's worth playing after revelations , as far as story goes . 
  ac1 and the ezio trilogy had great main stories , but what was really awesome about them was the secondary story they were building up in the background with the `` real world '' character desmond . 
  it looked like it was leading to this really cool real-world showdown between the series protagonists and antagonists . 
  unfortunately , after revelations , ubisoft decided they did n't give a crap about the awesome bigger world they had set up , and turned the series into a yearly money-grab like a historical assassin-based call of duty . 
  gameplay-wise , i 'm sure the later games are okay , but i wo n't touch them on principle , because ubisoft said fuck you to all the fans that actually cared about the story that they had been building up . 
  good luck . 
  i ca n't even get the damn thing to play from * inside * australia . 
  my network 's not the problem , because i can stream youtube and even game reasonably well , but abc 's player keeps hanging . 
  let me know if you find some `` other '' source to play the thing through . 
  hard to say stop weve had so many pms stop they change every six months it seems stop to which do you refer stop, 
  ah interesting . 
  [ the page i found ] ( https://support.apple.com/en-au/ht204916 ) suggested that anz was the only bank to support it . 
  easy , you charge 125 times the listed mb price for each byte consumed . 
  that 's not force touch , that 's the feedback . 
  force touch is their name for the ability to have a click and a `` hard click '' so to speak . 
  they could have done one without the other , and indeed the trackpad does give you feedback on a normal press . 
  what exactly should i do with better touch tool ? 
  i feel like it 's one of those things , like if this then that , or tasker on android , that 's super powerful and could be used to do some really awesome stuff , but i just never know what to do with it . 
  at the moment i 've got the basic stuff : two finger right click , three finger sideways switch between spaces/full-screen apps , three fingers up mission control , three fingers down application expos\u00e9 . 
  what extra functionality would you recommend adding ? 
   i need to rewatch that ~ ~ episode ~ ~ whole series, 
  ftfy . 
  because avatar is always worth rewatching in its entirety . 
  calling it now . 
  s06e09 will be unofficially titled `` bowlbowl '' . 
  to elaborate , y is a consonant when it makes the [ / j / sound ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:ipa_for_english ) , like in `` yak '' or `` you '' . 
  it 's a vowel when it makes a vowel sound , most often ( in english , anyway ) / i\u02d0 / , / i / or / \u026a / . 
  examples given by / u/removalsc, 
  i * think * veteran 's day is what they call remembrance day , 'cause yanks just love to be different .
