  i 'm finding myself liking linux more and more lately ( especially since i fell into kde with kubuntu , which was just a massive breath of fresh air after being so frustrated with ubuntu , mint , and a few other distros ) , but it still has some serious drawbacks . 
  * gimp is just nowhere near as nice to use as photoshop . 
  * no git manager is anywhere near as nice as sourcetree . 
  * no word processor is as nice to use as microsoft word ( though this becomes less important by far when tex is considered , since it 's largely superior to word processors anyway ) . 
  * its game support is even worse than os x. os x is at least at a level today that 's * acceptable * for gaming if used as a secondary device , while travelling or similar . 
  linux just is n't there yet . 
  * but perhaps most significantly , the out of the box experience with gnome , kde , and unity is just not as nice as the windows or os x desktop environments . 
  kde is fantastic because of how customisable it is ( except when it is n't ... which comes up in some weird and annoying ways ) , but unity has many minor annoyances that build up over time , and gnome is just plain bad by comparison . 
  i 'm a big fan of the command line most of the time , but it 's never grabbed me with git . 
  simple things like a checkbox that reminds you that you have to stage your changes before committing , or another checkbox that lets you push automatically after the commit . 
  you do n't get that from the terminal . 
  i use a word processor quite frequently -- university student . 
  for maybe 70 % of the work , google docs is sufficient , but that final 30 % is things like more advanced formatting and layout , better referencing tools , and similar . 
  i 've just started getting in to latex in the last few months though , so i may see word drop down to only the rare cases where i need that extra bit of fine-grained control over layout , especially with regards to images , that latex just makes to annoying to deal with ( even if it could , technically , do it ) . 
  seriously . 
  i did n't even notice it , because * why would i * there 's no reason to be looking at the race of these people , because it 's utterly irrelevant . 
  gods dammit reddit can be annoying sometimes . 
  as a mod of that subreddit , i just want to say sorry on behalf of all the rational people of the sub . 
  this post came on the heels of being promoted in trending subreddits , so we 've had a large influx of the general reddit populous . 
  the thing i found most amusing in that thread was not the bizarre anger over race , but the guy who seems to have only just now discovered that asking for `` sauce '' as a substitute for the `` source '' of something is a thing on places other than 4chan . 
   i really have pretty much nothing more than a sighing groan of recognition at the `` hr-mandated level of diverse '', 
  but why even that ? 
  how do you even * notice * the race in a comic like this if you are n't actively going out there looking for it ? 
  and if you * do * notice it , how is your reaction anything other than `` huh '' ( like , neither positive nor negative , just , `` huh , this is a thing '' ) , and moving on ? 
  the smallsword developed out of the rapier , so it 's an easy mistake to make , but there are a few key differences . 
  for one thing , rapiers are quote long . 
  substantially longer than a longsword in most cases . 
  needle is too short . 
  rapiers also tend to have more complex hilts . 
  either really fancy swept hilts , or sometimes cup hilts . 
  needle 's hilt is a very typical smallsword one . 
  rapiers tend to have square cross sections , with cutting edges . 
  the blade is actually almost like a really , really skinny longsword one . 
  smallsword have triangular cross sections , like a modern sport fencing \u00e9p\u00e9e . 
  i 'm actually not sure what cross section needle has ; i do n't think we 've ever had a great look at it . 
   and it requires an internet connection ,, 
  i do n't think it should , actually ... 
  it 's supposed to be possible to set it up to work offline . 
  granted , i 've never been able to get it to work reliably , but i 've also never had the motivation to try for more than about a minute . 
  thanks , i 'll give it a look !, 
  it 's not that i do n't see race ( though having grown up internationally , it 's far less of an issue than it is for most ) , it 's that i did n't see race in this particular comic . 
  as i said , * why would i * ? 
  i was far more focussed on reading the actual text . 
  i only gave the artwork the briefest glance , and mostly only looked at the people doing the talking . 
  the modern state of journalism , everyone !, 
  well it 's a good thing i 'm not american then . 
  if you want to make the post appear in the greentext format , make sure to prefix every line with ''  '' . 
  see [ our manual of style ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) for more advanced formatting options . 
  he 's tim . 
  if he 's going to be any bird , it 's a robin . 
  / r/adventurelookup was created very , very recently based on [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piylvicsu78 ) by the wonderful / u/mattcolville . 
  it 's an odd choice for a trending subreddit , since it 's a * very * niche place that 's frankly of very little use at this point for anyone that is n't interested in helping out with developing this new tool . 
  honestly i consider that bad design on the website 's part . 
  they should be stripping white space from the right hand side of the text in usernames . 
  left is less problematic since the user can at least see if that 's going wrong , but i see no reason not to do both sides . 
  or australia , or an expat community anywhere in the world . 
  honestly i 'm getting the impression that this subreddit is * designed * to basically be a racist/sexist version of srd . 
  it 's probably not worth the effort . 
  honestly it 's not normally so bad . 
  i think a big part of the problem is that ( a ) this post came shortly after being a trending subreddit , and therefore getting a lot of attention from the wider reddit community , and ( b ) an influx of users from * this * subreddit , which i 'm getting the impression of as a racist/sexist equivalent to srd . 
  perhaps you 're right , though this thread certainly seems to have grabbed the attention of a hell of a lot of bigots . 
  more like both of the above . 
  i 'm australian , but i lived from 10 to 18 overseas . 
  never heard of `` beyond the black stump '' before . 
  that could be because i do n't know the local culture quite as well as someone who grew up completely here , but honestly i suspect it 's more that it 's just not a phrase that 's well-known , at least in queensland . 
  i do n't know all the details , but i 'm definitely familiar with robert scott . 
  when you suggested scott as the name for the ship , brady , i knew immediately who you were talking about . 
  though admittedly , i would n't have been able to tell you his first name . 
  edit : asked my dad about the black stump thing . 
  he grew up in western queensland and seq , and he 's familiar with the phrase . 
  i asked him what it meant , and his response was `` way outback . 
  same as ` back of burke ' . '', 
  so there you have it . 
  maybe it 's just an older generation thing ? 
  or pocket casts , downcast , and probably any one of half a dozen other great podcatchers . 
  pocket casts was my favourite podcatcher on ios , and it 's still my preferred option on android . 
   i can be a fallen paladin who did a single act of evil , or even just did n't fulfill my oath, 
  honestly , i do n't think you should do that . 
  sure , the exact way it 's written , you could , but i do n't think you should . 
  it 's quite clear that the oathbreaker paladin is misnamed . 
  looking at its abilities : the actual * features * it gains , it 's clearly meant to be an actively evil character . 
  it should be called a blackguard or something like that , not an oathbreaker . 
  a paladin who breaks their oath should probably just lose their powers , not suddenly gain evil ones . 
   alignment in this edition has otherwise been entirely stripped of mechanical consequences, 
  not quite true . 
  it 's * almost * true , but since you said `` entirely '' , it 's not . 
  there are a bunch of magical items which work based on either their user 's or their targets ' alignments , and there are also monsters ( most notably the rakshasa ) where your alignment can affect how effective you are against them . 
  that 's semantic satiation . 
  yeah i agree . 
  i thought it was a great episode , but pretty terrible as a finale . 
   the only problem is if a character breaks his oath but does n't become evil , he 's just left with , well , a ghetto fighter of sorts, 
  yes , that 's the idea . 
  a paladin who breaks their oath * should * become utterly useless . 
  that 's part of the deal with becoming a paladin . 
  it 's how things tend to work in d&d - associated literature , and if you think about it logically , it makes sense . 
  they get their power thanks to a god , and if they go against the oath they 've made , what will happen is their god will stop supporting them . 
  obviously , a dm should give their players more leniency than a character in a novel might get . 
  only have them fall if they 've truly turned their backs on the oath and their god , rather than doing it on a whim , or if they 've made a slight infarction with the best of intentions . 
  i 'm sure it 's possible , but it does n't seem likely to me . 
  a ddos requires having control of an enormous * number * of machines -- usually gained by having malicious control over a botnet or similar .
