  it would help a * little * , since situations where you 're getting a bunch of draining effects , not every one of them will have such a devastating impact . 
  the first point drained will reduce you by a spell , but the next 3 points drained will not , to continue the above example . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  a really interesting idea , and a potentially very good start at making a useful resource . 
  but it needs some explanation . 
  what is the `` chances of an encounter '' table about ? 
  what 's the `` percentage '' representing ? 
  and the `` friendly patrol chance '' ? 
  i would also suggest that your `` types of encounters '' table is ... not great . 
  an equal chance of running in to a * water elemental * as a band of pirates ? 
  sirens just as common as merchants ? 
  weird . 
  better would be to do two things . 
  first , chance it to 2d6 , or maybe even 3d6 , and put the common things nearer to the middle . 
  then , make the range for the more common things larger than the rarer ones . 
  so you might end up with a table that looks roughly like :, 
  2d6 | encounter, 
  2 | water elementals, 
  3 -- 4 | storm ( environmental ), 
  5 -- 7 | merchants, 
  8 -- 9 | pirates, 
  10 | sahuagin, 
  that 's just an example , but you get the idea . 
  well even with one short rest , you can still cast * fireball * six times per day , or five if you do n't want to risk the effects . 
  that 's still five times as many as an equivalently levelled wizard . 
  wait , season 6 ? 
  damn , i was hoping the show would wrap up at the end of this season . 
  it was always designed for a 5 season arc , and with how the flashbacks work , that just seemed so perfect for it . 
  i still do n't like him . 
  i mean , out of the new superheroes we 've gotten , he 's the best . 
  the t man just makes no sense as a superhero , and the mummy dude was just such a dumb concept to begin with , so it 's not a high bar to beat . 
  but he still feels like he does n't really belong on the team and was thrust on us , and his `` i 'm so cool i 'm street '' schtick was grating at the start , and just gets more and more tired as the show goes on . 
  oh yeah good point . 
  i was just doing it as `` six total per day , subtract one to keep one in reserve for side effects '' . 
  forgot that , of course , you need to keep one in reserve both before and after the short rest . 
  with the maths done correctly , this is n't too bad . 
  a * little * more powerful than the phb warlock , since it has the * option * to risk going crazy for more power , but the negative effects are pretty damn harsh , so i 'd say overall it 's not too bad . 
   but at least we do n't freeze our arses off in winter, 
  fuck off yes we do . 
  it 's already getting too cold at night . 
  just because other places have it even worse does n't mean it 's not bad here . 
  sincerely , someone who grew up in the tropics . 
  but seriously , i love the city . 
  despite it getting too cold in winter , i really do love the weather . 
  it 's better than any other major city in australia by a mile ; we get a decent amount of rain , and when it does rain , it 's proper rain , none of that drizzly miserable shit ; and the air just feels so incredibly fresh and crisp in comparison to other big cities i 've lived in . 
  exercising here is an absolute dream . 
  there 's one or two concerts i 'm interested in going to see each year , and that 's about the number i 'd want to go see anyway . 
  public transport might be expensive , but the service is reliable and convenient enough . 
  yeah it 's not london or seoul , but they 're super good . 
  compared to saigon , which i lived in for 6 years and could never fucking figure out how to catch a bus where i 'm going , brisbane 's transport is incredible . 
  ( speaking of saigon , it 's living there that always makes me laugh at the constant `` lol how shitty is the brisbane river '' jokes . 
  it 's * gorgeous * compared to the saigon river . ), 
  we 're close to some of the best beaches in the world . 
  we 've got a couple of the best sports stadiums in the world . 
  and we do n't pretend we can magically make more hours of daylight per day with the wave of a wand and a couple of human sacrifices . 
  haha , clever . 
  the frightening thing , though , is that there are actually people out there who genuinely believe things like this . 
   if a character 's class dictates that they may regain requisite amounts of spell slots in short rests , or as bonus actions or interactions with a god or patron , they may do so , converting each spell slot into the same number of energy points ( a seventh level spell is seven points ) as appropriate . 
  was that there before ? 
  i do n't recall seeing that before . 
  maybe i just skipped over it by accident . 
  anyway , that 's probably good enough to explain it . 
  i would still suggest specifically mentioning the warlock as an example of a short rest class , to make it absolutely clear . 
  after all , you 've already mentioned the monk for ... some reason . 
   not irv , i think , as that 's for a single slot, 
  well , yeah , that 's the idea . 
  to select the group 's collective favourite class . 
  there can be only one . 
   setting that aside there 's a somewhat separate but related issue that i think most of users ' rank assignments will be uninformative, 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  out of the 12 total classes , i can quite comfortably rank my top 5 with ease ( warlock , paladin , wizard , rogue , sorcerer , if you 're interested ) , as well as my bottom 2 ( bard , druid ) . 
  i can expand that to top 6 and bottom 3 ( add the fighter and ranger , respectively ) without too much difficulty either . 
  that 's a total of 9 spots decided comfortably out of a total of 12 . 
  you do n't have to play a class to have an opinion on it based on the theme and a reading of the rules . 
  but even with that aside , i 'm not sure it * matters * . 
  in practice , irv votes are rarely distributed too far down the preference line anyway . 
  ranking d&d classes might see them get distributed down further than ranking a political candidate , since there is n't quite that same idea of a spectrum that politics has ( from left to right ) , and there is n't a pre-existing concept of `` major parties '' like most countries have in their politics . 
  but even so , i strongly suspect many votes would pool quite quickly around a few classes within the first couple of eliminations . 
  specifically , i think the wizard , rogue , and fighter would see large pools by the time the distributions have gotten to the third and fourth choice . 
  of course , the only way to tell for sure whether my hypothesis is correct or not is to actually try out the survey . 
   there 's a number of choices , and the different choices could have a strong impact on the rankings . 
  but again , i repeat : just because there is n't a * perfect * or even a * best * choice , does n't mean there is n't an * obvious * one . 
  irv is quite clearly the * obvious * choice , because it 's what everyone is already familiar with . 
  it 's * the * ranked choice voting system , as far as most people are concerned . 
  as a side note , arrow 's theorem specifically relates to * ranked * choices . 
  it explicitly does not apply to cardinal systems . 
  they 're a terrible idea for political voting systems for a bunch of reasons , but they could probably do a decent job for something like this . 
  ask everyone to score each class between one and five . 
  australia is part of oceania . 
  oceania was one of the options presented . 
  having multiple options within the americas is the same as having the middle-east and south , north , and southeast asia be given their own options , or east , west , and central europe ( though missing northern europe was a weird choice ) . 
  does n't mean the producers of the show could n't have said that they were done with the story . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge threads . 
  also consider looking at / r/dndhomebrew to see if your request has an answer there .
