  otherwise , i thought this was absolutely fascinating . 
  google is n't the one that needs the revenue ( i mean , it * does * need revenue , obviously , but it 's not the one that suffers when relatively small numbers of people block ads ) . 
  by blocking ads you 're directly impacting the ability of the actual * content creators * to make money . 
  the youtubers whose videos you enjoy watching , the blogs you go to for news , etc. , they all rely on advertising money to function , and when you block their ads but view their content anyway , you 're exhibiting exactly the sort of shitty behaviour / u/etherius was talking about . 
  you 're acting entitled to view this stuff without giving anything back . 
  ads are a * democratising force * . 
  they mean that giant companies like cnn or the huffington post can exist on more or less the same level as joe blow 's news site . 
  the alternative is making money through donations ( which does n't work for large scale organisations , or for the majority of smaller ones ) , or paywalls ( which mean that individuals have to choose which sources they are willing to pay for -- and thus not only do individuals of lower income lose out on good content , smaller-scale content producers have a much harder time gaining an audience ) . 
  ad blocking is selfish and myopic , and it is frankly disgusting that such a large percentage of people in this thread as though it 's the normal or even `` right '' thing to do . 
  99 % of people are either ignorant or shitheads , is what it sounds like you 're saying . 
  what extensions are you using ? 
  i was getting unskippable  30 second ads , but i did a bit of research . 
  it turns out that google * does not * allow these ads . 
  what 's actually going on is that some extensions ( in my case it was turn out the lights , but i 've heard ad and script blockers can do the same ) are messing with the `` skip '' button so that sometimes it will appear * behind * the video , making it impossible for the user to click on . 
  i got rid of totl , et voil\u00e0 , have n't had a single unskippable  30 second ad since . 
  fwiw , it 's way easier on unix-based systems ( including os x and linux ) . 
  open up a terminal , go ` sudo nano / etc/hosts ` and edit the file from in there . 
  ( personally , i prefer vim , but i 'm recommending nano as it 's easier to use without needing to actually learn anything . ), 
  but i would highly recommend against this , because browsing sites that are giving you content that you want to see while blocking the ads that help pay for that stuff to get made is a really fucking dick move . 
  you wan na discuss morality ? 
  you know what 's not fucking morally right ? 
  going to websites that give away great content that you enjoy * for free * , and deliberately going out of your way to install software that completely prevents them from making any revenue . 
  there 's * no * way that one can defend that as `` moral '' . 
  oh give it up . 
  the vote was lost . 
  even if your final member were to show up for the division , the vote would still be tied which , by speaker denison 's rule , would more than likely mean the motion would be defeated . 
  let the house get on with actual business , and cease this unconstructive negativity . 
  do n't be a sore loser on top of the negative campaigning , you 're only making yourself -- and your party -- look bad . 
  i am aware . 
  but it is one of many conventions that is * very * highly entrenched in our political system , and to not follow it would be an upset on the scale of the constitutional crisis . 
  i would be thinking * very * carefully before going against it , were i you . 
  to call it `` only a convention '' is to vastly understate the importance of convention in the westminster system of government . 
  the leader of the house is informing the speaker of parliamentary convention , something which , in australian politics , has always been of the utmost importance . 
  the leader of the house is informing the speaker of parliamentary convention , something which , in australian politics , has always been of the utmost importance . 
  absolutely , you do have every * right * to do it . 
  that does n't make it the right thing to do . 
  we on this side of the chamber would much rather get back to actually running this country , rather than parading around with political ** theatre ** . 
  if you wish to call for a division , go ahead . 
  you 're only making yourself look bad . 
  left hand side, 
  australian greens, 
  leader of the house, 
  member for brisbane & surrounds, 
  that 's an even bigger dick move , yes . 
  but it does n't change the fact that it 's a dick move either way . 
  you pay for your machine and your internet , but that does not entitle you to free viewing of anything on the internet . 
  the social contract , when you visit a site that exists because ads fund its existence , is that you are viewing their ads . 
  by deliberately going out of your way to block those , you are breaking that contract , and are , in effect , * stealing * something which is already * free * . 
  that 's a dick move . 
  if you do n't like the advertising , do n't view the content supported by it . 
  when you say `` tiny bananas '' , are you specifically talking about the lady finger breed of banana , which is quite popular in south east asia ? 
  or is it just generally `` small bananas '' ? 
   an increasing number of people who do n't know or do n't care about the repercussions, 
  exactly . 
  they either do n't know ( i.e. , are ignorant ) , or they do n't care that they 're consuming content that others put a lot of effort into making while actively choosing to deprive them of income ( i.e. , they 're shitheads ) . 
  you do n't have a right to view content that someone else has made . 
  they 're sharing it under the social contract of you viewing their ads . 
  by blocking it , you 're breaking that contract , and taking something that 's being given for free without doing your bit to give back . 
  that is a dick move . 
   they ca n't put up a decent fight in the cricket, 
  bro , which ashes series did you watch ? 
  the score was 3-2 . 
  both of our victories were absolute trouncings . 
  england won two massively , and there was one relatively close match . 
  prerequisite means it 's * necessary * but not * sufficient * . 
  fair enough mate . 
  i 'll go away and wallow in defeat , now . 
  it was more than that , too . 
  by proping up their biggest competitor in the operating system product category , they helped lessen pressure from regulatory bodies who were upset about microsoft 's position as a monopoly . 
  apple was very successful in its early years . 
  many people i know who were born in the 60s and 70s grew up having an apple ] [ at their school . 
  then around the time of the macintosh , their success started to wane . 
  and then after jobs came back , they became very successful again , starting especially with the ipod nearly 14 years ago , but even to some extent with os x , which came out 16 years ago . 
  yes , a very successful computer company . 
  apple laptops outsell any other one manufacturer today , and mac growth is consistently vastly higher than the average growth of pcs . 
  there 's no arguing that at least since the switch to intel processors , they 've been a successful computer company . 
  it seems i was wrong about the first half of that ( i suspect i was confusing it with the phone market , where apple is the largest individual manufacturer , though i think that title goes back and forth between them and samsung ) . 
  but [ here 's a source ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/apples-second-best-seller-mac-1414428004 ) for their growth outpacing the industry at large . 
  sales of macs on the whole actually grow year on year , while sales of other pcs are flat or even falling . 
   081552ksep15, 
  i 'm trying to figure out how to parse this . 
  sep15 i guess is september 2015 . 
  is the 08 for the 8th september ? 
  and then 1552 must be 3:52 pm ? 
  but what 's the k ? 
  and why is the whole thing in such a bizarre arbitrary format ? 
  mr chair , i agree with the first of these amendments . 
  the speaker 's proposed amendment is clearly beneficial to the running of our model parliament , with its concurrent business and members from various time zones all around the world . 
  i can not agree with the second of these amendments . 
  i feel it unnecessary . 
  the speaker already has the ability to apply penalties to people who tamper with official records , there is no need for such a broad-scoped attempt at clarifying things . 
  oh , that 's interesting . 
  but on the note of time zones , does the military never do operations in areas with time zones at half or a quarter hour offset from an even number of hours ? 
  you tricky bugger , you !, 
  how long can we expect it to take after we request an invite until it sends one ? 
  i requested one a week or so ago after hearing about it on an / r/ingress thread , and i 'm still waiting . 
  hey , that 's the exact same value i got . 
  75 % green . 
  also got 71 % labor , so apparently i agree with labor on more than i thought . 
  11 % for the liberals .
