  if you add on one more , you need to add on them all to make sense , and then you end up with stupid names like super-flarrow-tomorrowtine-verse . 
  if you got up to that point and still do n't like it , probably not . 
  personally i thought that was the turning point when it went from kinda okay to really good , but if even after that point you still do n't enjoy it , i do n't think anything is likely to change if you keep watching . 
  might be worth watching up to and including the cross-over , just so that you get that in context , but otherwise no . 
  i do n't really know how i 'd rank it , flash , and arrow , but all three are way better than legends , but not quite as good as gotham , in my opinion . 
  crossover has been confirmed for later this season . 
  doubt it 's on netflix , since it 's still in the first season . 
  i think the general opinion is that there 's a gradual ramp up in quality between about episodes 4 and 7 , and around 7 is where it really hit its stride . 
  so , on a different topic , is there no episode again this week ? 
  when does the show start up again ? 
  cheers . 
  psych/bio is still possible , with one being group 3 and one being group 4 . 
  unless things have changed since i went through . 
  i do n't know about ess from personal experience , but i was under the impression that it counted as both group 3 and 4 , so you could still do bio/ess , by choosing to count ess as g3 . 
  i do agree that perhaps some groups should n't be droppable . 
  that 's a very reasonable suggestion . 
  groups 1 and 5 , to me , seem the most crucial , so if any should be mandatory , i 'd say it 's those two . 
  everyone should have some basic ability to write well and analyse a text both critically and creatively , and everyone should have a fairly solid understanding or at least awareness of more advanced mathematical ideas , because both of these are things that are extremely beneficial in all areas of life , academically , in the work environment , and in one 's personal life . 
  ## overall score 8.67 / 10, 
  ### wording/formatting : 9/10, 
   a branch , fallen from a tree had scared several beasts, 
  should either remove the comma , or add another one after `` tree '' ( to make `` fallen from a tree '' parenthetical ) . 
  there are a few other minor examples of places where commas are misused or missing . 
  i do n't know quite what it is , but the racial quote feels more like one of the vignettes we expect of a class than it does a quote about a typical member of the race . 
  i ca n't really say why exactly this is , but as i was reading it , i forgot that it was meant to be about a member that identifies a * race * and was thinking `` what might this class be like ? '', 
  making the first line of it all-caps ( as the races in the phb have ) might help emphasise that mentally , but i do n't know if it would have fully solved the problem . 
  this is partially just a personal taste thing , but i like oxford commas , and a lack of them just looks really awkward to me when i 'm reading it . 
  plus , it 's the style preferred by the phb . 
  your formatting around the credits is a bit odd . 
  in particular , the lack of spaces around the first \u00a9 , and the hyperlink going on the space before the second one . 
  ### theme/creativity : 9/10, 
  the alternate human 's mechanical abilities do a great job of reinforcing the theme that it seems to be aiming for . 
  it 's a little more specific than the phb 's `` humans are adaptable and can do anything '' , but at the same time , i do n't think it 's really counter to that , necessarily . 
  if someone made a few more subraces for this , it could essentially be the same as normal humans , it 's just that instead of `` any human can do anything '' it would be `` humans as a whole can do anything , though certain humans are more experienced in certain areas than others '' . 
  personally , i have to be honest , i do enjoy the phb 's humans , but i liked this a lot more than i expected to . 
  i particularly like the emphasis on human empathy , and on the idea of technological innovation . 
  that feels a lot like the kind of thing humans should be good at . 
  and its use of a cultural heritage , rather than a geographical or physical one , as the subraces * really * feels appropriate . 
  ### balance/mechanics : 8/10, 
  i would rate the base race around 3.5 ( though it could very well be considered 4.0 : i 'm simply choosing to rate the combination of persuasion , insight , and one vehicle/tool/instrument as 1.0 instead of 1.5 ) . 
  clansfolk around 1.5 , herdsfolk around 2.0 , and wanderers around 1.5 , though i would say clansfolk seem substantially stronger than wanderers . 
  i 'm just not sure about the value of advantage on saves to avoid exhaustion . 
  that places the overall race at between 5.0 and 5.5 ( potentially 5.5 and 6.0 ) , which is well within acceptable territory . 
  a small buff would n't hurt , but i do n't think it 's entirely necessary , either . 
  the fact that the herdsfolk gets to start with an animal companion , while thematically appropriate , does feel a fair bit stronger than the other options , which worries me somewhat . 
  personally i would prefer a small buff to the other subraces than a nerf to this one , but getting a mount to start off with could have a fairly substantial impact on the game . 
  ### overview :, 
  i really like it . 
  i would suggest reading through the whole thing out loud , making sure to observe where you have and have not placed commas , and perhaps take a look at balancing the subclasses among themselves , but otherwise , it 's a very good option . 
  definitely one of my favourite schubert pieces . 
  does n't hurt that it also inspired my absolute favourite piece of theatre . 
  which is cheaper ? 
  because i 'd probably go for that if all else is pretty much equal . 
  the other option would be , what are the set pieces for each at the moment ( or at the time you would be taking the exam ) ? 
  which has pieces that you would enjoy more ? 
  personally i 've always done abrsm , just because that 's what my high school offered , so if i were to do another one in the future , i 'd probably keep doing it , because why change ? 
  but if you 've done both , and ca n't easily point at one to be the obvious one you 'd want to do , then i 'd say the above factors are probably the most important to consider . 
  i have a hard time deciding . 
  a piano piece called [ * mignon * , by carl nielsen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkzo1h3wlju ) , is probably up there . 
  i 've also got a really nice piano arrangement of you 've got a friend in me ( from the toy story soundtrack ) which is an absolute blast to play . 
  the third movement from [ beethoven 's piano sonata no. 8 , `` path\u00e9tique '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljpsqc86vaw ) is one i 'm working on right now , and is insanely fun . 
  there 's a bunch of music i 've played for clarinet that was really fun , too . 
  the third movement of [ mozart 's concerto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0yv_mcthia ) probably chief among them . 
  there 's also quite a few moments in frank wildhorn 's score for dracula the musical that i really enjoyed . 
  in fact , musicals in general , though i 'm generally not a fan of them as an audience member , are really fun to play . 
  i 've played oklahoma ( clarinet ) , fame ( clarinet and alto sax ) , and the wizard of oz ( clarinet ) , and all have been an insanely fun time . 
  i 'm not a percussionist , but i 've played it for my local amateur orchestra a few times , and nothing i 've done beats the timpani part in the [ hallelujah chorus from handel 's messiah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usfiaswr4qu ) . 
  hey , that 's not a text , that 's a photo . 
  but it is a cool one . 
  okay , a couple of things . 
  first of all , thank you guys * so much * not just for the service you 're providing , but especially for the incredible transparency with which you are acting , and for the swift responses you 've been having here on reddit . 
  if this service is still working properly come july , i 'd say the chances are very high that i 'll be a paying customer for life ( or , at least until the world fixes all of its international ip law bullshit ... ) . 
  a bit of a technical thing , is there any chance you guys could start using reddit 's `` distinguish '' feature ? 
  it would allow everyone to quickly see at a glance which posts and comments are coming from you guys , so we can immediately tell what 's from the devs and what 's other users . 
  and on a slightly different topic , is there any chance you guys would turn off adblocking by default , or at least make the default `` light '' when that rolls out ? 
  i believe strongly that blocking ads on sites you visit is morally the wrong thing to do , because you are depriving them of their income from a service that they are ( generally ) providing completely free of charge . 
  since most people who use your service are using it for the geoblocking bypass features , it just does n't seem right that the * default * would be that it also blocks ads . 
  i 'm not saying you should remove that feature entirely , there will always be people who do n't care about the moral implications of adblocking , but doing it by default on a service that is n't primarily marketed around adblocking just feels really wrong . 
  we all know of the tyranny of the default , and i fear that far too many people will be blocking ads without having made the positive choice to do so , if the default is heavy or medium . 
  bcm ? 
  google 's not turning anything relevant up for me . 
  op is hungry jack 's employee confirmed ? 
  i find that * very * interesting , since the stereotype i 'm familiar with is that white people are generally the dumb ones , while asians and subcontinentals ( or whatever the term is ) are the smart ones . 
  just stereotypes , obviously , but i find it interesting that your school breaks that . 
  in my year , there was exactly 1 maths hl student that was white , and i think only 2 physics hl whites . 
  most of the rest were asian ( predominantly korean ) . 
  man that is * weird * . 
  like , i get the school wanting to display their major accreditations , like ib , cis , etc. , but the place to do that is * probably * not on school uniforms at all , and * definitely * not anywhere other than a tiny logo under the school 's logo on the breast pocket if it * is * on uniforms . 
  wow , i did n't believe you at first , but then i double-clicked on it and it only selected half the word . 
  well played , sir . 
  get your speed up and you can easily listen to double the number of podcasts in the same time !, 
  ( i 'm not even joking . 
  by gradually increasing the speed , you can * easily * get to 2x or more and still comfortably understand what they 're saying . ), 
  ah , fair enough . 
  the only maths courses i 'm aware of are studies , further , and mathematics sl and hl . 
  is it another name for one of those ? 
  as for studies , i 've just had a talk with a teacher who takes it , and i 'm going to have to revert to my initial stance that it has exactly the right amount of content . 
  perhaps your teacher was particularly good at getting through all the content in a highly informative way , but the course itself is well designed to be taught over 2 years with enough time for a bit of revision at the end . 
  you 're probably right about cas . 
  at the very least , ib should be doing more to emphasise the idea of ongoing activity and dedication , rather than hour counting .
