  `` inenglish '' to translate text from a language into english ( rarely ever use this one ), 
  other than that , i just use the default ones chrome makes for me when i use the site . 
  ama ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  if you can barely run 20 seconds without being severely out of breath , what metric are you using to say you 're in great shape ? 
  not meant to be accusatory or anything , i just do n't understand . 
  i assume you meant at the time you got your iq tested you were 8 . 
  or are you 8 now and browsing reddit ? 
  i was mainly thinking of the sleep clinic , but honestly both is awesome too . 
  you would n't have noticed the raised bumps on the two fingers your second fingers rest on ( i forget which letters they are , i type dvorak ) are out of place ? 
  you do n't make use of the raised bumps to locate where your second fingers should go ? 
  you do n't feel for the bumps where your second fingers should go ? 
  hahahaha nice . 
  i get the wasd bit , but what 's kop ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  i can edit on a mobile device just fine . 
  which app are you using ? 
  alien blue has it just fine ... 
  just downloaded spotify , it 's not in there either . 
  i 'll just write it into sibelius and use that 's playback . 
  thanks for all the help !, 
  ditto , although i 'd rather keep my number keys ( especially for the symbols on them ) . 
   and prices are fair, 
  you obviously have n't used steam in australia , then . 
  that 's why i love the greens party . 
  despite being founded on a one issue basis , they 've grown into a full party with strong policies across the board . 
  that 's true . 
  but not just games . 
  all technology . 
  steam 's about on-par with retail , maybe a bit cheaper . 
  it 's still more expensive than overseas , though . 
  the steam sales give them an advantage , though . 
  huh ? 
  i prefer world war 10 two . 
  10 base 2 is 2 base 10 . 
  could you cite the sms one ? 
  i 've always figured it 's vague with acronyms and initialisms , depending on whether you sound out the acronym/read the initialism or read the full word that it stands for . 
  sms is an initialism for short message service . 
  why not `` a '' as its indefinite article because of `` short '' . 
  same with acronyms , though most that i can think of off the top of my head ( anzac , scuba , nato , laser , and a few others ) the acronym matches with the separated words anyway . 
  oh , right ... 
  honestly , though , i 'm not that hardcore left . 
  on the political compass i 'm about [ -5 , -5 ] , a little right of [ gandhi ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/images/axeswithnames.gif ) , but a bit lower , too . 
  a lot of the features of this make me really angry . 
  disabling ads ? 
  gmail ads are n't annoying and intrusive , and that 's how they make money . 
  getting rid of unobtrusive ads is an arsehole move. ,, 
  i also do n't understand why you would want to remove features like people widget and consider including ( formerly do n't forget bob ) . 
  they 're both features that are just so incredibly useful , and it seems to me the sort of people who would want to get rid of them are the sort of pompous people that do n't like change even if it 's useful . 
  again , neither of these features get in your way when you 're not using them . 
  ** however ** i also love some of the features of this . 
  the row highlight is just brilliant , it makes it so much clearer exactly which email you 're about to click on . 
  it really makes gmail seem so much more professional and modern . 
  moving labels to the other side , attachment icons are just awesome . 
  having the labels on the other side makes things look a lot cleaner , in my opinion , and seeing what sort of attachment it has is really handy . 
  honestly , it 's really poor of google not to have these features themselves , even if they were lab features . 
  side note , what 's the point of the chat and calendar-related features ? 
  you can disable all of these through google itself , without the need for any third-party extensions ... i had no calendar in gmail until a few days ago when i went into a setting to turn it on , and at the same time i disabled all the chat stuff . 
  what i 'd like to see is the ability to move these things to the opposite side of the screen ( gmail can already do this with chat , but not , as far as i can tell , the calendar widget ) , and to put the tasks into a docked position on the side , rather than floating at the bottom . 
  i dunno if it 's much better , i 've never used it ( or heard of it before now ) . 
  i can definitely say it 's a really * really * good app , though , and it 's possible to edit comments . 
  you 've not even attempted to argue with my reasoning . 
  those features i said i did n't like were specifically because they do n't make sense . 
  the things you would be turning off are so small and out of the way , if you do n't use them all the time they 're not going to bother you by leaving them there . 
  and they are * useful features * they actually * do * something for you if you 're willing to embrace them . 
  it like the people who hate on windows 8 just because it looks different . 
  i 'd like to reiterate what 's already been said , what did you mean by second person ? 
  side note , third person should really be separated into two categories , over the shoulder and bird 's eye , as both are significantly different , perhaps even more different than ots and firs person are . 
  also , i had to leave that question blank , because to me the camera style does n't affect immersion at all , so long as the controls are built well for the chosen angle . 
  i have n't any experience with android or windows tablets yet ( though i expect the high end ones in each case will be the same ) , but there 's no way an ipad would ever do any of the things you describe , except running out of battery . 
  and for that , you could leave them all plugged in throughout the performance on special cables . 
  if the power did go out , you can continue on battery . 
  an ereader might not , but a tablet with a stylus sure as hell could . 
  do n't just sit them on the stand , secure them on place . 
  and yeah , i 'd you just pull a pdf fro imslp or something it looks too small , but create an app specifically designed for it , and format the music correctly , and the issue of size would immediately disappear . 
  still looks weird , though . 
  what exactly is it ? 
  it would n't accept my post code . 
  i disagree with them , strongly , but it is a fairly consistent position . 
  they do n't want the government to pay for * anything * . 
  an inconsistent position is being anti-abortion and pro-death penalty . 
  what do you do if you tell them what they do and they accost or chastise you for it ? 
  and if they do this , how do they usually do it ( what do they say , e.g. 
  do they attack you personally , or be more general about attack abortions but not you ) ? 
   what are some things protestors can do to help mitigate problems with the centers we protest ? 
  honest question , though it is bound to come off as accusatory . 
  i appologise in advance for that . 
  why do you protest if you * do n't * want to cause problems ? 
  is n't that the point of it , to try and convince people who have already made up their mind to get an abortion not to do so ? 
  there are some really helpful links in the sidebar . 
  [ helpful beginners ' guide ] ( http://forums.taleworlds.com/index.php/topic,48405.0.html ), 
  my school 's orchestra did nimrod when i was in my last ( or was it second last ... i forget ) year there . 
  we sounded absolutely horrible . 
  even though it would appear to be an easy piece of music , playing it * well * is incredibly difficult . 
  playing together , in terms of time , balance , and style , is really tricky , and that makes all these slow emotional types of piece difficult for amateur orchestras . 
  by the way , what on earth is up with the video of this, 
  i 've downloaded a few of these because i was looking for one particular specific piece and it happened to be contained in one of these compilations . 
  i 've got 4 completely generic ones , as well as two or three composer specific compilations ( i.e. , `` best of composer x '' - type compilations ) . 
  i should add , the generic ones are n't `` relaxing classical music '' or anything like that , just things like `` the best classical album of the millenium ... ever ! '', 
  and `` 101 classical hits '' .
