  it 's such an amazing piece of music , they did a really good job of it for an amateur ensemble . 
  incredibly moving , so much more for being live compared to a recording . 
  lucky you for seeing such a great piece of music performed live !, 
  the 7th is one of my favourite pieces , and especially the second movement is just beautiful . 
  beethoven 's by far my favourite composer , and it makes me sad that i 've only ever once seen his music live , but was too young to appreciate it . 
  ( it was the 5th symphony , now my absolute favourite piece , but it was far before i found an interest in classical music -- or music in general , really . ), 
  i hate when someone writes out a really good , long , thought out response like this and then gets downvoted by the reddit hive-mind . 
  you have n't entirely convinced me we should have it , but now i 'm a lot more unsure . 
  to be honest , none of the other comments came even remotely close to doing this ( there 's something about a well-written , completely respectful comment like yours that can have that effect ) . 
  i actually knew most of the points you put forward ( apart from reversibility , which is a * key * part of it i believe -- were it not reversible i could never support it , no matter how many other benefits there are ) , but you 've presented them in a logical and convincing way that has most definitely got me to change my stance . 
  tl ; dr you make a very good argument , sir , thank you . 
   i also feel it directed at me from some minorities, 
  the only thing i hate more than bigotry against a minority group , is when people defend bigotry and say it 's ok because it 's against a group that is the majority . 
  that is not to say that the bigotry against a majority group * itself * is worse , but that * defending * it , and saying * it 's ok * , because they are a majority group . 
  i actually know someone in real life who says it is n't bigoted if it 's against the majority . 
  ( p.s. , in this context , majority does n't necessarily refer to numbers , but either socio-economic power or numbers , so black people or women would both be considered minorities in america . ), 
  you 're not vietnamese , by any chance , are you ? 
  i think a lot of people notice how much more racist america is than other * english speaking countries * , and somehow infer that it must also be more racist in general , which is n't quite so true . 
  wait , you can opt out of this change and continue using their service ? 
  i would have thought that to opt out all you would have to do is close your account , but that this would be the * only * way to opt out . 
  i doubt it was $ 2.5 k , if it really was an antique it 's probably more like $ 2.5 m. 
  i do n't know about violins specifically , but my advanced-intermediate clarinet is over $ 3,000 . 
  edit : but shit , that bit is just horrible , destroying such a beautiful instrument for absolutely no reason . 
  [ someone already has . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/10wvxn/paypal_updates_its_policy_users_are_automatically/c6hhkvc ), 
  i do n't know if they 're a lawyer or not , though , they did n't say . 
  just you watch , the lack of immigration in some asian countries is going to be a major problem for them in the coming years . 
  the only country that comes to mind immediately is japan , but this could happen to other places , too , if they start having lower birthrates whilst not allowing immigrants . 
  very very true . 
  he said his language evolved from chinese roots , which to me means it does n't make sense that he would be chinese , and vietnamese does fit this . 
  i 've lived in vietnam for the past 5 years , and i have heard about the black/dirt people thing , as well as the connotations of white . 
  the thing is , though , the same things could exist in other places due to the common ancestry of the languages and cultures , so i ca n't be certain . 
  about cambodian-vietnamese hatred , there 's probably a lot of cultural history behind that which i do n't comprehend , but more recent things probably include the vietnamese invading cambodia shortly after the removal of the khmer rouge from power . 
  i also know that the vietnamese can be quite racist to darker-coloured people , most notably those from the central highlands of vietnam and cambodians ; i do n't know if this is related at all , though . 
  yeah , there probably is an older historical aspect to it . 
  i 've never thought of this . 
  i learnt combinations and permutations in maths , but never ever thought of using permutations outside of the classroom . 
  i imagine he did n't ask about the praying mantis thing because most people already knew that . 
  you 're not allowed to do that . 
  as in , it 's literally against the law . 
  ( at least in australia . ), 
  moot point . 
  yeah , i really want to know the opinion of an independent historian ( i.e. , a historian not directly related to the actual crash course world history youtube videos ) of the quality of crash course world history videos . 
  i love that the comment directly below you when i loaded the page was, 
   the average human swallows over 10,000 spiders , three bats and a rhinoceros during a normal night 's sleep . 
  i do n't think i need to fact check that one . 
  i believe what you 're looking for is `` countable '' and `` uncountable '' nouns . 
  if it 's countable , use fewer ; if it 's uncountable , use less . 
  you know it 's countable if you can say `` i have 2 xs '' , and it makes sense . 
  i have 2 dollars ( makes sense , therefore countable ) -  i have fewer dollars, 
  i have 2 monies ( does n't really make sense , therefore uncountable ) -  i have less money . 
   if they are questioning you for any reason , the only purpose is to attempt to gather evidence against you, 
  what , they never will question you to get evidence against people you know , or about a crime that you may have witnessed ? 
  but i definitely agree about not giving permission to search ( unless , say , your house was robbed or something ) . 
  really ? 
  when i was living in korea i got the impression that you guys ( by which i mean the koreans i met ) have absolutely no problems with the north koreans , apart from their government . 
  reunification seemed something a lot of people wanted . 
  now , the japanese , on the other hand ... 
  i think you get my point . 
  edit : i guess i 'm not that surprised to see that koreans are racist against the colour black , but it 's not something i ever noticed , either . 
  well , if you 're the victim it definitely is obvious , but if you 're a witness i feel your previous comment was less clear . 
  by the way , would you say there are any cases where telling the police is a good idea for the purposes of clearing your possibility as a suspect ? 
  ( maybe an alibi or something ? ), 
  do you also , by any chance , know how much of this ( i.e. , the things you 've described about rights in the us ) apply overseas , particularly in australia ( where i 'm from ) , britain , and a few eu countries ( both just for interest 's sake ) ? 
  like any instrument , higher-end ones will be made out of higher quality material and with more precise manufacturing . 
  mine is a buffet r13 , which is not really a professional clarinet , but it 's one of the best intermediate-level clarinets . 
  it has been described as an entry-level professional , but i feel that 's giving it too much credit . 
  side-note : the very `` best '' ( i.e. , most expensive ) violins , stradivarius , have been found to not be as good as cheaper modern professional models , in double blind tests . 
   well let 's just say dokdo is our land, 
  i have noticed the japanese seem to have a lot of `` disputed '' islands , not just dokdo , but ones that are disputed with china as well . 
  it 's always seemed fishy to me . 
  and yeah , that stuff about colour makes perfect sense . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  great , now all i need to do is get a sample of your voice and all your parents ' bank details are mine !, 
  edit : apostrophe, 
  yeah , ok , this makes sense . 
  thanks for all the insight !, 
  in theory a benevolent dictator is the best thing for people . 
  the problem is that no dictator has ever remained benevolent . 
  power corrupts and all that . 
  i 'd watch out with that . 
  reddit seems to hate the united nations for some reason . 
  the good thing is , if you turn off magnetic layout on these lines , they 'll go straight back to where they 're supposed to be , since sibelius remembers their locations . 
  that 's a good point . 
  thanks , i 'll take a look . 
  i strongly suspect that this has been asked multiple times before , though ( which is even better !, 
  is it possible ? 
  not that i know of . 
  if you only needed a predetermined set of lines you could record the person speaking and cut together the right words , but it 'll probably be obvious that it 's fake . 
  it reminds me of mission impossible iii , when they 're at the vatican . 
  at least you guys get great internet . 
  nz and aus have terrible internet ... 
  i think they 'd be better off doing here research . 
  edit : jaf fixed the typo that made my comment make sense . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't check , but if those are cgpgrey 's videos , then they are amazing basic explanations of different democratic systems . 
  are there any shows in the us like australia 's q & amp ; a ? 
  it 's a brilliant show for debate between various political figures , and it fairly regularly will get the pm and the leader of the opposition on ( amongst others ) . 
  edit : not to mention the moderator of it is bloody amazing . 
  no way you just called cgpgrey a random youtuber !, 
  yeah , i agree with johnson on this , and to some extent on legalising drugs , as well as on the military .
