  my 6th result is the wikipedia disambiguation page that links off to the clothing type , programming structure , and the string on musical instruments . 
  the school my sister is at finished for their midsemester break yesterday . 
  could be like that . 
  it 's a decent idea , but if that were the case , do n't you think it would be closer to 50/50 , rather than about 10 % lefties ? 
  plus , there would probably be far less of a negative impact on a person psychologically when they 're forced to write with the hand they do n't naturally use if that were the case . 
  and finally , if you go to a nearby university or hospital 's psychological research department , you 'll find that all the studies involving mri scans of the brain are restricted to right-handed people only . 
  this is because lefties actually have a very different brain structure to righties . 
  now , this might be a causal effect in the * opposite * direction -- perhaps using your left hand most is what * causes * your brain to be different -- i do n't know , but it certainly appears to be another potential point against your hypothesis . 
  but it certainly was a good question to ask !, 
  challenging assumptions is how science works !, 
  that guy fundamentally does not understand how our politics works . 
  we have a parliamentary system . 
  you vote for your local member ( the voting system is alternative vote ) . 
  after everyone has been elected , the parliamentarians get among themselves and vote for the prime minister . 
  in practice , this means the leader of whichever party has a majority becomes the prime minister . 
  if that party changes leaders , our prime minister changes , too . 
  your local member , and all the other individual members of parliament do not change without a vote of the public . 
  the next federal election in australia will likely be late next year ( we do n't have fixed terms , so one ca n't say * exactly * when it will be ) , but could be as late as january 2017 . 
  it seems likely that the liberal/national coalition will stay in power . 
  it has never before happened in australian politics that a single party has stayed in power for only a single term , and with the leadership change to malcolm turnbull , that does n't seem likely to change . 
  as far as the liberal party goes , turnbull is * very * moderate ( were he in america , he would probably be considered around the middle of the democratic party , whereas most liberals would be near the left edge of the republicans -- the labor party would be the left faction of the democrats , with our greens being further left again ) , and his popularity among voters is very high . 
  for what it 's worth , though , his policies do n't seem to be significantly different than the abbott government 's were . 
  he 's just way better at presenting them , and he comes across as a nice guy even as his policies are mostly every bit as terrible ( imo ) . 
  abbott came across as both a bumbling baffoon and an evil almost tyrant . 
  that 's exactly what i was getting at . 
  absolutely , you definitely can learn to do it . 
  i nearly always write with my left hand ( though i identify as ambidextrous because i do a lot of other things with my right hand , and there are many things where i 'm okay with either hand ) , but i taught myself to write with my right hand fairly well so i could do calligraphy and writing with ink & quill . 
  my right hand writing is actually probably neater than my left , though it 's also * significantly * slower . 
  but there definitely is a natural predisposition in most people , and using the opposite hand is * hard * . 
  especially at a young age , * forcing * children to learn to write with the wrong hand has shown to have a * significant * negative impact on their psychology and development . 
  honestly i 'd be very surprised if turnbull does n't win the next election . 
  they 'll deliver a really appeasing budget ( like howard did in the year before each one of his elections ) , and he 'll continue to present a nice face to all the ( imo ) myopic and ultimately harmful liberal policies , and people will eat it up . 
  especially if labor goes to the next election with shorten at the helm . 
  he 's seen as uncharismatic , and the public blames him for the unstableness of labor over the past 6 years . 
  we have government subsidies and easily available zero-real-interest loans from the government here in australia , too . 
  that on its own is n't a bad thing . 
  it 's just that if universities are taking money from the government , they should also be regulated with regards to what they can charge . 
  as far as i 'm aware , there 's far less of that in the us than in aus . 
   and may she outlive her son, 
  as an australian ( and a republican -- not the american sort ) i really hope she does n't . 
  a king charles would be the greatest thing for the republicanism movement to have happened in decades . 
  i do n't really see how that is in any way related to the law of averages , but the point itself is a pretty good one . 
  i would probably rate this a strength of 6.5 or 7 . 
  that 's very strong -- towards the stronger end of what would be deemed acceptable for a race -- but not necessarily overpowered . 
  but i did that ranking very quickly based off of memory , without actually consulting [ the guide ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1viqlsen67mmd2lo_oj-h5yx0fccsfi97kfaqx7v1dmw/pub ) , so i could have misapplied a few things . 
   do n't know why english speaking folks switch to german to say that word, 
  english speaking folks ( and indeed most people , though it may perhaps be more common within the anglosphere ) switch languages * very * frequently when discussing particular fields . 
  cyclists and fencers use french words very liberally . 
  musicians use italian ( with bits of german and french sprinkled in ) . 
  hema practitioners use a variety of words from all around europe . 
  honestly i think the use of zweihander makes more sense from a purely logical point of view than `` peloton '' does . 
  zweihander , at least from my observations , tends to be used to refer to a particular style of ( largely ) german two-handed sword , with `` two-handed sword '' being a way to refer to * any * sword that must be wielded in two hands . 
  the use of french in cycling , on the other hand , serves no practical purpose other than tradition . 
  one gains nothing from referring to the `` maillot jaune '' that could n't be learned by saying `` yellow jersey '' . 
  my party did something similar a while back when one of the players betrayed the party . 
  it was the last session of the campaign , after we had defeated the bbeg , and we had been leading up to it for ages plotting and planning . 
  he turned on us , and so did one other player , and we fought it out . 
  ultimately he escaped , and his player was the dm in the next campaign . 
  i would have thought the druid is the best tank , followed by probably the barbarian . 
  paladins are good , but to me where they really stand out is when they nova . 
   people who are against the death penalty seem to be pro-war, 
  are you sure that 's true ? 
  because unless you 've got some data to back that up , i very much doubt it . 
  there is a known positive correlation between being liberal and being against the death penalty . 
  there is also a correlation between being liberal and opposing increased military spending ( and , as an obvious result of this , being opposed to increased military action ) . 
  it stands to reason that there would be a positive correlation between being against wars and against the death penalty . 
  on many show subreddits , nsfw tags get used to mark spoilers ( with actual not safe for work content being banned entirely , in some cases ) . 
  this subreddit actually does n't seem to use that method , but it 's probably a matter of people not knowing it , and thus just going with what they 're used to . 
  nah you 're fine . 
  dude 's a troll . 
  the negative on wings is related to the fact that you need those wings to fly . 
  flight itself is a very significant bonus . 
  at least , that 's what it looks like , based on my reading of [ the aarakocra in this list ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1einfwaq14mkhxglesxnyyqjdx2ku4cib1tp4uhis1j0/edit ) . 
  edit : found [ this guide ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pbkd-cffrjggzjotgl6hozyhoe-hqdrggxjyzv74dhi/edit ) linked to somewhere . 
  looks like that guy has given flight some really serious thought . 
  i 'm not sure i like the rules exactly , but at least there 's some rational to it . 
  congrats dude !, 
  i had mine destroyed at 147 days . 
  admittedly , i have no idea how it ever got anywhere near that high , because it was at a highly trafficked university campus . 
  i did n't even know which portal it was . 
  why only these two options ? 
  option b is obviously just a terrible idea , but option a is n't exactly ideal , either . 
  why not require titles that describe the set-up , but which do n't reveal the ending ? 
  oh , interesting . 
  i never noticed that before . 
  i do n't listen to music , but for me it 's a matter of not knowing how i would carry my phone without it being frustrating , and even if i solved that , i would hate to be running with my earphones in . 
  important to note that improvised weapons are n't necessarily d4 . 
  first and foremost , they are whatever existing weapon they seem close to ( the example in the book being the leg if a chair is similar to a club ) . 
  for example , if you thrusted with a longsword , i 'd probably say you treat it like a short sword and do 1d6 . 
  in the other hand , if they try to hit with the pummel of the longsword , i 'd treat that as a purely improvised weapon with 1d4 . 
  fun fact , in the uk , they say lollies for what we ( and i 'm assuming here that you 're aussie or maybe kiwi ) call lollipops . 
  makes this whole thing even more confusing than it already was . 
  before going to all the effort of switching password vaults , i 'd recommend checking out the latest episode of [ security now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7-osq_y8i8 ) . 
  it provides a somewhat more balanced perspective on the whole situation than the knee-jerk reaction you may have seen in / r/technology . 
  you may still want to switch providers afterward ( because there certainly are some potential risks , as presented in that video ) , but at least make sure it 's based on an informed opinion with the full perspective on things , rather than sheer knee-jerking . 
  [ i ca n't tell if this is a really clever parody , an actual ad , or just someone who 's really na\u00efve ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe%27s_law ), 
  a lot of old dr. who episodes have been recovered thanks to the abc ( the australian national broadcaster ) and the cbc ( the canadian one ) . 
  yeah , this is awesome , but it most definitely is not sly by any means . 
   it seems to be complication for the sake of it . 
  this is basically what always happens when people try to take d&d 's system and make it more `` realistic '' in some way .
