  i do n't know how the law actually deals with this , but the logical ( logical in both the formal sense and the more common casual sense ) conclusion of the details as you wrote them out is that if a person is irish , so are * all * their descendants , and contrapositively , if any one of your ancestors is irish , so are you . 
  what i do n't understand is why your grandparents are relevant at all . 
  if an irish parent automatically conveys irish citizenship to their child , then your grandparent automatically passes it to your parent , and your parent passes it to you , surely ? 
  anyone think it a mighty interesting coincidence that this comes out right as the government is launching its attack on internet privacy and encryption ? 
  the area ludlum was so outspoken in . 
  year and grade are interchangeable terms . 
  without a doubt , art . 
  i did n't take it , but watching those who did it 's quite clearly a subject that consumes your entire life , to the detriment of other subjects . 
  i do n't know that much about it , or why it takes as much time as it does , but from my observation it was clearly the worst . 
  i have unfortunately not been able to find a good way to do it in windows yet , but macos is fantastic at this . 
  it uses dead keys for all the accents . 
  option-e generates an accute ( so option-e + e give you \u00e9 ) , option-u is umlaut , option-i is circumflex , etc. 
  it 's worth looking at the complete mac option key layout , because it 's incredibly handy , not just for accents , but also symbols like \u00a9 , \u2122 , proper dashes -- -- ( as opposed to the hyphen-minus - ) , ellipses ... , and `` french quotation marks '' . 
  i 've heard that autohotkey is an application that can be used to replicate this behaviour on windows , but i ca n't for the life of me figure out how to do it . 
  maybe you 'll have more luck with it . 
  if you do , let me know how . 
  this is not universally true . 
  follow the advice of the great guru laghima, 
   let go your earthly tether . 
  enter the void . 
  empty , and become wind . 
  i do n't give a fuck what her official title is . 
  she 's a foreigner and has no place being the head of state of this country . 
  she 's spent few enough nights in this country that my newborn cousin once removed has been here longer than she ever has , and he is n't even old enough to * babble * . 
  her allegiance is to a foreign nation first . 
  and it 's not like we * gain * anything from keeping her on . 
  she does none of the actual work relating to governing , and just tells someone else to do that for her . 
  and we do n't have the theoretical ( but probably bogus * anyway * ) argument that she brings in tourism money . 
  there 's just no solid argument for keeping her around , and only arguments against it . 
  it 's not like we 'd have to change how anything works locally -- indeed , many republicans would rather keep the gg appointed de jure in the way they currently are de facto , and have them keep all the same powers . 
  what 's not aww about the gif op posted in the submission ? 
   there is convincing evidence that helmets do harm . 
  this is is an extremely common myth . 
  but it is , [ in fact , a myth ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/mediawatch/transcripts/s4259939.htm ) . 
  if you were to actually watch or read the segment , you would see that as they always do , they back up their arguments with proper research and expert opinions . 
  [ here is one meta-study which they have conveniently rehosted for you ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/mediawatch/transcripts/1521_cochrane.pdf ) , so you do n't even need to go out and seek the article for yourself . 
  additionally , if you had even read the article that you * yourself * are linking , you would see that even it claims helmets increase safety . 
  it says that at high speeds for the most typical types of accident , helmets decrease mortality rates , while at low speed and some less common styles of accidents , wearing a helmet might * marginally * increase damage . 
  and after all , the primary purpose of a helmet is to save lives . 
  it does not turn non-fatal crashes into fatal ones , according to either the article you linked ( or at least , according to its abstract -- i could not find the full body of the article anywhere , even with university access , which is itself kinda sketchy imo ) or the meta-study media watch referenced . 
   conclusion : hard to say, 
  not even . 
  it might increase injury in some less common cases , and at low speeds . 
  but they do n't increase * mortality * in any cases , and they do reduce mortality a lot in the most common high speed cases . 
  that 's a definitive win for helmets . 
  nintendo stage presenter ? 
  that 's interesting , considering it 's a ps2 game that many said was designed to compete directly with one of nintendo 's biggest hits !, 
  love the costume !, 
   you do n't have to be uncivil, 
  that 's rich , coming from the person who just two comments up started a comment with `` i immediately discard the opinions '', 
   an extra guard against government incompetence ? 
  the gg does this . 
  the queen herself has never stepped in , even when our government was undemocratically toppled by her own representative . 
  so i hardly think having her there as a back stop is worth anything . 
   a unique unifying feature we share with our friends of other commonwealth realms ? 
  many commonwealth realms have rightly done away with the queen , and we remain close with them nonetheless . 
  sharing a common yoke of a foreign undemocratic leader is not something one should aspire to , anyway . 
   the widespread support and adoration for the royal family ? 
  this is n't something we gain . 
  it 's something the windsors gain from us . 
   what would we gain from becoming a republic ? 
  we would have a head of state who actually gives two shits about the country . 
  if that is n't worth it all on its own , we might as well not call ourselves an independent nation . 
   the entire plan boils down to nothing but a name change of what is already a largely ceremonial position, 
  that 's my preference , yes . 
  does n't even have to change the name . 
  just make the governor general officially the head of state . 
  there are many republicans who disagree with me . 
  some want a directly elected , politicised president . 
  i would counter that even a cursory glance at the united states tells you how terrible an idea this is . 
  some want something in between these two extremes . 
   and you want the current crop of corrupt and incompetent pollies to manage it ? 
  it 's only once failed us before in our entire 100 + years of history . 
  the gg is an unpoliticised position and under my ideal republic model , would remain so . 
   until then , let 's focus on the current issues that actually have serious consequences, 
  this is the eternal argument people fall back on when they do n't have a real argument to make against something . 
  the fact that there are other more important issues is ** never ** a good reason not to do something else . 
  we do n't have to tackle every challenge in descending order of their significance . 
  otherwise we would never get * anything * done !, 
  he 's certainly done more productive stuff in his life than she has . 
  the most she ever did to earn anything in life was be born . 
  since richie porte 's accident , bennett george is australia 's best hope in le tour de france . 
   i believe they should be our traditions , not those of the british, 
  hear , hear !, 
  if we 're gon na have a monarch , we should have our own fucking monarch , not some foreigner who does n't give a shit about us . 
  i nominate the waugh family , starting with king steve waugh i. 
  so , in the mean time , can / u/serariron repost the `` what genres are dead now '' thread ? 
  because it had a lot of potential , and it 's a shame it was removed so early . 
   i thought when you clicked `` reply '' to my comment you were addressing me . 
  hahaha . 
  burn !, 
  fun fact , target in both australia and the us is a department store , and they have the same logo , but they are completely different unaffiliated companies . 
  completely understandable if they do n't want to do it though , because sure it 'd bring them more business , but it 'd also out their real name , location , and hours worked , to the whole internet . 
  1 aud = 0.990614 cad at the moment . 
  it swings a little either side of the $ 1 mark . 
  presumably the `` within a couple of bucks '' referred to over the cost of a larger purchase . 
  i agree mostly , but the speed limit is the fucking speed limit . 
  there 's no excuse for going over it . 
  you know what it is , so you know how fast you can go . 
  if you 're going faster than that regardless , enough to be fined multiple times * per year * , you deserve to be fined , because you are knowingly and willingly breaking the law and endangering both yourself and others .
