  waterbending in the sense of avatar ? 
  the biggest issue with that is that people in the positive are n't necessarily the ones cheating , and people in the negative are n't necessarily not cheating . 
  i 've just gone through and upvoted the ones i actually like . 
  i imagine at least a few other people have done the same , and some may also have downvoted ones they did n't really like ( which , while not really in keeping with rediquette , is not surprising , given the nature of the competition ) . 
  that would play some role , and if someone 's post was particularly good , or particularly boring , then that could also be the deciding factor in whether they 're upvoted or downvoted on net . 
  that 's awesome . 
  hmm that 's a good point . 
  i did n't think of that , since i have n't shown this to my party . 
  would have presented it to them as a surprise if it won . 
  but anyway , that would n't explain why the same comment is going up , then down , then up , and then back down . 
  i suppose that could be a combination of honest votes coming in and upvoting something they found interesting , and then a new party coming in with just the purpose of downvoting opposition . 
  honestly i do n't agree . 
  i love what they were trying to do here , it was a really brave move . 
  not just the fact that they killed off his father and made the character deal with it , but deciding to try the whole denial thing . 
  really clever idea , but really risky . 
  i do n't think it worked , though . 
  there was something about it to me that just fell flat . 
  i do n't know if it was the acting , the dialogue , the pacing , or what , but i just did n't feel the emotion the way i thought i should have . 
  even from the beginning , before we found out freddie died , it just did n't feel like a great episode to me . 
  really got better around the 30 minute mark , in the laundromat . 
  jimmy wong 's acting there really sold that to me . 
  the feeling of finally accepting the whole situation . 
  everyone else did a great job there , too . 
  now let me be completely clear , i absolutely * love * shows with darker themes . 
  some of my all time favourite shows have had endings that were in some way `` dark '' or `` sad '' , or otherwise not a positive ending ( chuck and house of cards come to mind ) , and i 've loved this season so far . 
  it just seemed to me that the style that they went with in this episode did n't work as well as it could have . 
   personally , i 'm a sucker for `` dealing with father issues '' episodes, 
  haha that 's the thing . 
  i really am , too . 
  by all rights , i * should * have loved this episode . 
  but like i said , for some reason -- and i really ca n't pin it down , i do n't know exactly what it was -- the episode just did n't grab me as much as the content of it should have . 
   it 's hard to sum up these characters because you 're always leaving out something important, 
  oh definitely . 
  it 's impossible to get across all the important nuances of the character without describing every single event that you 've encountered , which would make these reddit comments way too long for anybody to reasonably read . 
  my character is a [ shardmind ] ( http://dnd4.wikia.com/wiki/shardmind ) . 
  his body on the surface is silvery crystals , and below the surface you can see light blue shining through faintly . 
  inset where a humanoid would have eyes , he has deep red crystals . 
  would be so grateful if you came up with something for it . 
  i agree with you about not giving players * too much * plot armour , but what does any of that have to do with this situation ? 
  it seems to me like the wizard was one of the only smart players here . 
  running away was the smartest thing to do in that situation . 
  the only thing i do n't understand us why would they start shooting on sight ? 
  that , to me , seems totally unnecessary and very unrealistic . 
  especially since they were with a member of the gang , it would have made more sense to wait until they got up to the entrance and talked to them . 
  they could have just been looking to join the gang or something like that . 
  yeah here in australia , i do n't think i 've * ever * seen someone use a cheque . 
  i vaguely remember seeing some chequebooks as late as maybe 2001 , but other than that ... yeah never seen them used . 
  that 's not what he was saying at all . 
  they never actually showed her as being alcoholic . 
  we were just told that she is . 
  we really only saw her have an occasional drink . 
  that time when she got pulled over after leaving the restaurant , apparently she was meant to be drunk . 
  but at the time , when the officer asked her if she 'd been drinking , my mind was like `` well , she had maybe one glass of wine , so she 's obviously fine '' . 
  but apparently the show was meant to be showing that she had a really serious drinking problem at that point . 
  i ohio voting makes even less sense than i heart stuff . 
  i voted today !, 
  or , i would have , were i american . 
  this bot is fun . 
  it 'd be covered in any normal home & contents insurance , would n't it ? 
  is arrow going to be on tomorrow ? 
  apple did n't steal it . 
  they went above the heads of the developers actually involved in creating it , and got their bosses to force the developers to let apple come and have a look at the technology . 
  not exactly the most noble of methods , but from no perspective can it be seen as stealing in the same way that microsoft did . 
  absolutely fantastic film . 
  ah cool , thanks . 
  how far away is thanksgiving ? 
  ( how long will the two be out of sync ? ), 
  to be fair , the title made it seem as though it would be airing elsewhere . 
  not to mention the damn bikeway seems to be undergoing maintenance more often than it 's open . 
   vpn / dns to another country, 
  unless their method for region-locking is incredibly primitive , dns is n't going to cut it . 
  all dns does is take the domain name ( netflix.com ) and translate it into an ip address ( 69.53.236.17 ) . 
  now , it 's possible that the way that their region locking works is that if it recognises you 're in a certain geographical location , the dns will send you to a certain ip , while other locations get other ips , and by this , they send people in europe to the european version , and they are unable to access the us 's content . 
  however , getting around it , if it 's done this way , would be as simple as googling netflix 's us ip address . 
  far more likely is that they 're doing actual geo-locking , where on the site itself they check where you 're located , and lock the content if you 're not in the right place . 
  to get around that , you need an actual vpn . 
  cheers . 
  yeah , i read that elsewhere in this thread . 
  pretty cool , as i did n't know that before . 
  yeah that was the other thing . 
  she got pulled over , presumably because in-universe she was supposed to have been driving in a way that made it obvious she was drunk . 
  but on screen , it really did n't look that way at all . 
  haha yeah . 
  hours after op announced they 're going to pick the winners , my comment is still fluctuating very noticeably . 
  it 's hillarious . 
  wow , awesome !, 
  thanks !, 
  i ca n't wait to see how it turns out . 
  congrats to the other winners . 
  they was definitely a lot of awesome stuff in this thread . 
  right shit works , too . 
  how many windows browsers have ctrl-q to quit ? 
  i know chrome does ctrl-shift-q , and firefox does n't seem to have anything . 
  cmd-q is the shortcut to quit * any * application in os x. 
  haha yeah , that was one of my favourites , though that may just be because i have a soft spot for psionics . 
  i imagine them all being humans was probably a point against them in your deliberations ? 
  you would kill off a player 's character solely for tearing up their previous character 's character sheet once they had died ? 
  dude , what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  never mind that it 's metagamy as shit , it 's also an arsehole thing to do . 
  tearing the character sheet of a fallen character is , for some people , a ceremony/tradition that they practise .
