  the op mentioned `` 4 . 
  ability contests '' , and the parent comment said `` 4 . 
  disguise vs investigation '' . 
  the reply to that comment is the one that said investigation would win ( `` 4 . 
  investigation would see through the disguise '' ) , which i replied to stating that with the given assumptions , that is incorrect , and went on to point out that the assumptions were wrong anyway . 
  actually the optimum base as far as number of digits one has to remember , and information density , is base ` e ' . 
  as in \u2248 2.718 . 
  each octal digit is three binary digits . 
  three does not go nicely into the 8 bit byte that is typically used today . 
  sure , it 's nicer than decimal which does n't even have a direct digit to bit relationship , but it 's still nowhere near as convenient as hexadecimal with its two digits to the byte relationship . 
  i 'm awkwardly skinny and i 'm a good runner . 
  awkwardly skinny is the perfect build for long distance running . 
  i could n't tell you my time for a mile , since it 's been so long since i 've run just that far , but as part of training runs of 5 km or more , my record for 1 mile is 7:07 . 
  for someone that 's awkwardly skinny and wants to get healthy , i would say running would be my number one recommendation . 
  would be far more productive than weight lifting or other such workouts . 
  no , that 's his point . 
  it 's more medieval , and thus while it 's stupid in today 's modern society , it 's far * better * for dnd . 
  this is something that 's really been bothering me on reddit lately . 
  far too many people are either incapable of , or for some reason just refuse to , read a comment in the context it was presented , and interpret it without assuming it was saying things that were n't actually stated . 
  it 's like they never learned basic reading comprehension , or at least decided they 're not worth applying on reddit . 
  if their backstories are revealed bit by bit as you go along , how is that backstory decided ? 
  are you writing it for them , or are the players going to present you with it and you 'll work out how to integrate those memories into the plot ? 
  wait , bbeg * does n't * stand for big bad evil guy ? 
  ninjaedit : and makes me long for psionics even more . 
  reaching into someone 's mind directly and using that as part of your deception/persuasion using your spellcasting stat would be so cool . 
  so i 'm guessing you do n't do zero level when the player knows where they want to end up , but want to explore how they get there ? 
  hehehe that 's actually pretty clever . 
  the long jumping thing i can kinda understand . 
  keying off of strength is about how * far * you can jump . 
  but if the person was trying to jump some amount within their ability , but land somewhere * specific * , that seems more like it should key off dexterity . 
  definitely agree with you regarding climbing etc. 
  by `` end up '' i merely mean what class they 'll have at level 1 . 
   for example , if you 're looking for a trap door , why not make a wisdom and an intelligence check ? 
  they both seem relevant to the search . 
  honestly i 'm still trying to get my head around the difference between wisdom ( perception ) and intelligence ( investigation ) checks . 
  not actually particularly relevant . 
  he 's talking about his timetable , which is decided for a given set of courses in a given semester , not his courses . 
  of course , that is fairly useful information in a more general sense . 
   it 's only the beastmaster subclass that sucks, 
  to be fair , that 's half of the options the player has . 
  that 's not possible at the moment . 
  but you should definitely go to the trello and suggest it . 
  when you do , submit a link here , because i think that 's really cool , and i 'd love to support it . 
  ~ ~ who says the latter ? ~ ~ i say maths because it sounds better . 
  and it only sounds better because that 's how i grew up saying it . 
  there 's really no particular advantage of one over the other . 
  either way , saying `` maths are '' is just wrong . 
  edit : saw someone actually make that argument elsewhere in the thread . 
  it really is n't a valid argument , mathematics ends in an s , but it is n't plural , just like the name `` williams '' ends in s and is n't plural . 
  as a non-american , i do n't know what stereotypes being from ala-freaking-bama gives you . 
  but from context , i 'm assuming the stereotype is that you guys are some of the most insular and `` murican '' of americans ? 
  it depends on the values of a and b ... 
  just for what it 's worth , australians and kiwis learn a form of english that 's far more similar to british than american , and i 've also seen some canadians who use the u. 
  and second language speakers are all over the shot . 
  most , but not all , of mainland europe tends to learn british english , while my experience of asians ( having lived here for ~ 7 years ) is that most ( but again , not all ) learn american english . 
  we have people like that in australia , too . 
  for us , they 're called tasmanians . 
  i also hate the idea of sleep and wish i did n't need it . 
  but i still love sleeping , because it feels so damn good , and i 'm so tired if i do n't do it . 
  oh good point !, 
  i was making the assumption ( an assumption made completely without evidence ) that they were at least basic complex numbers , but of course they could be anything else . 
  sleep itself does n't feel good , the result of it does . 
  not sleeping results in shitty feelings . 
  i could never do with just 6 hours of sleep a night long term . 
  i * wish * i could , but i just ca n't . 
  i really do n't think it does . 
  i mean , i do n't necessarily * agree * , but i think far more than any other game i 've played * , tlou is a game that can compete with more serious art forms ( music , paintings , literature , etc. ), 
  in terms of `` artistic value '' -- whatever that means , it 's a rather nebulous term . 
  there are a few pieces of music i 've listened to , as well as books and plays that i 've read , that i personally would consider to be more artistic , but i certainly would n't say someone is wrong for considering tlou to take that spot . 
  \\* or , to be precise , watched , since i just watched a really good playthrough -- one without the person yammering on throughout it -- of tlou , rather than playing it myself . 
  i do n't have a playstation more recent than a ps2 . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i 've known some people who got by just fine on 4 -- 5 hours sleep a night . 
  really jealous of them ... 
  nah i totally get that . 
  i could n't experience it myself , but it really came across while watching it that one * would * experience it so much more viscerally if they were playing it themselves . 
  but that just adds to it , really . 
  even watching a playthrough it 's absolutely fantastic , and it can only get better playing through it yourself . 
  fully agree with you regarding uncle ben and jjj . 
  and dafoe , to a lesser extent . 
  the way they shoehorned in the `` with great power comes great responsibility '' speech without actually using those words into the garfield version was pretty cringe-worthy i thought . 
  but i do feel that garfield was much better as both spidey and parker ( and i know some people feel he did better as one or the other ) , and i thought the writing and character design was much better in amazing spiderman . 
  for a couple of examples , i prefered his interaction with gwen stacy and the fact that he had to invent his web-shooter rather than having that be a power . 
  nah definitely mate . 
  i would have loved to have played it , and i 'm absolutely certain it would 've been a * much * more fulfilling experience . 
  but there just are n't enough playstation exclusives for me to feel it 's worth it to buy one to play the game on . 
  so watching it was the next best thing . 
  and i have to be honest , i actually really do n't `` get '' let 's plays in most situations . 
  most of the time , someone 's talking all over them , and i just ca n't imagine putting up with that . 
  cinematic play throughs like the one i watched make sense , as do explicit guides showing how to do things ( especially useful in minecraft , i 've found ) , but i just do n't get normal let 's plays , where it 's a person playing through the game as normal , and talking about stuff all through it . 
  not that i hold it against someone if they do like them . 
  more power to them i say . 
  it 's just not for me . 
  i think a big part of the reason i liked the interaction with stacy more was that the `` nerd and unrequited love '' story , as much as it does make sense for the character , has been done to death by so many stories , so it was a bit refreshing . 
  not an american here , but one of britain 's other former colonies . 
  i know about gcses ( as well as the international variant , igcse ) and a-levels , but what are o-levels ? 
   then there are tertiary level institutes which still call themselves colleges, 
  haha , we have a similar situation in australia . 
  some secondary schools call themselves `` colleges '' , but there are also `` residential colleges '' at most major universities . 
  they 're kind of modelled after the oxford collegiate system , though with much less significance than the colleges at oxford and cambridge -- the vast majority of students do n't attend any college at all .
