  probably more luck than anything else , but it meant they could do that , where translink would need a massive overhaul of the way the system functions to do the same . 
  there are many , many issues with this , as explained in comments elsewhere in the thread . 
  but the chief among them -- and , frankly , the only one that should be necessary -- is that more cyclists on the road is good for * everyone * , and anything that increases the cost of entry is bad . 
  more cyclists save the government money , they decrease traffic for car drivers , and obviously they improve the average healthiness of our society . 
  do n't know who tanya is , but this is pretty despicable . 
  in some places restaurants are required to offer a glass of fresh water free , and i do n't think that 's an unreasonable expectation . 
  ignoring dumb rules , and telling other people that the dumb rules do n't exist are two ** very ** different things . 
  there are plenty of laws i ignore , and i might even tell someone else `` this law is mostly unenforced , so do n't worry too much about breaking it '' . 
  i would * not * , however , tell them `` doing that is not against the law '' when it is . 
  that 's what you seem to have done here . 
  from your flair , i 'm guessing you 're coming to study ? 
  what degree ? 
  i 'm a little confused . 
  how do you decide when you do and do not enforce this rule ? 
  there are a number of similar level questions on the front page currently . 
  from what i can find , these laws only exist either for otherwise paying customers at a restaurant ( e.g. , in france ) , or at places currently serving alcohol ( many australian states -- including queensland -- the uk , and more ) . 
  fair enough . 
  i 've pretty much got my answer already , so i wo n't bother reposting . 
  cheers . 
  or , alternatively , you could have taken the comment for what it was : an admission of a mistake . 
  but being a dick is so much more fun , right ? 
  the cabbage merchant ? 
   plus i think tolkien elves were literally created by gods ? 
  yes , but so were humans , and even dwarves . 
  the elves came first , and were foretold by il\u00favatar ( the highest-level god ) in the initial song -- the ainulindal\u00eb . 
  humans were also foretold , but were meant to come along much later . 
  one of the lower level gods ( i forget the name ) got impatient while waiting for humans , and tried to make them from what he remembered of the ainulindal\u00eb . 
  his creation ended up being the dwarves . 
  it 's just `` mail . '', 
   `` plate mail '' . 
  just say `` plate armour '' . 
   `` scale mail '' . 
  it 's `` scale armour '' . 
   the author thinks longswords are one-handed . 
  or , perhaps in this fantasy setting , they do call them by those other names ? 
  of all the things to get upset about in a fantasy setting , the * names they use to describe things * does n't make a whole lot of sense . 
   every weapon is a sword . 
  admittedly seems unlikely , but i can imagine this arising for cultural reasons or something . 
  probably would need to be addressed in-story to not come across as poorly thought-out , though . 
   magic is too good and obliterates armies with ease . 
  why even have armies , then ? 
  could be done if the magic was unexpected/people did n't know it could be used that way , until the one time it was . 
  but i 'm guessing that 's not what you 're getting at here . 
  agree with the other points . 
  and how to you verify this registration ? 
  would cyclists have to figure out some way of mounting a plate onto it ? 
  terrible idea . 
  wear a vest with the plate ? 
  even worse . 
  perhaps some sort of microchip in/on the bike . 
  reasonable idea , but expensive , especially if you 're not charging cyclists for it . 
  they also would n't address many people 's most common concern , which is running red lights . 
  plus , if they 're valuable , people might nick them off of bikes parked in public spaces . 
  but ultimately , the biggest problem is that * anything * would make it harder for cyclists to get on the road . 
  if you have a friend come up from out of state , or overseas , you ca n't lend them your bike to ride since they 're not registered ( or would you be allowed to , but * you 're * liable ? ) . 
  the amount of gain that could be had is * minuscule * . 
  cyclists already break the laws with pretty low frequency , and when they do it 's far more likely to be themselves put at risk than others . 
  if there was to be more effort put to keeping the roads safe , i 'd rather see not correctly using blinkers ( `` correctly '' including with sufficient time for anyone immediately behind you to be able to react , and * especially * relating to roundabouts ) , driving too close on highways , or dangerous lane changing be more enforced instead . 
  i would be interested to know if you have some really specific idea for how the registration system would work , so it 's possible to see the merits or flaws it has in its own right , rather than in the abstract . 
  works on / r/dndgreentext !, 
  ( on desktop , anyway . ), 
  `` heavy is the head that wears the crown '' is the expression , i believe . 
   bike riders getting a hard time in the brisbane subreddit this weekend, 
  hmm ? 
  i have n't seen anything other than this thread , and even this thread is unusually positive towards cyclists . 
  rules as written , it * does * reveal all of the properties , unless it 's a cursed item . 
  some people -- many people probably -- choose to ignore that rule because it 's lame , removes potential for interesting mystery , and makes the * identify * spell utterly useless . 
  ( you can probably tell , i am one of those people . ), 
  but a strict interpretation of the rules * will * result in all non-curse-related properties being revealed . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  unfortunately , unless grey is actively moderating , reporting as spam wo n't do anything . 
  all it does is provide the mods of the subreddit a convenient alert that the thing is spam . 
  minimum account age/karma is a good way to help , but also an automod rule that simply removes posts that receive too many reports . 
  ( on a subreddit this size , two or three would probably do it . ), 
  well , there are two other options . 
  the simplest would be to have an automod rule that automatically removes submissions which receive more than a set amount of reports . 
  2 or 3 , for example . 
  the spam will still exist , but it 'll be automatically removed pretty quickly once trustworthy people see it and hit report . 
  an alternative option would be to onboard more mods , to more actively moderate the place . 
  but one would hope that 's not necessary . 
   you are aware of how easy to game that is , right ? 
  in theory , yes . 
  in practice , people tend to be far better than that . 
  and users whose posts are incorrectly removed can always message grey/the mods to have the problem fixed . 
  i mod a subreddit of much more considerable size than this , and not once has a submission been unfairly removed thanks to having that same automod rule in place ( i know this for a fact , because when we set up the rule , we also had automod set to send us a message to double check the removals ) . 
  by contrast , we eventually had to remove age/karma limits because we were getting far more legitimate users blocked by that than spam . 
   using technology to solve a social problem will never be optimal, 
  while i ca n't disagree entirely with that , you are aware of what subreddit this is , right ? 
  / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof , for the hall of fame . 
  even better . 
  i was under the impression that this was a conversation about methods of dealing with spam . 
  i 'll avoid the mistake going forward . 
  it 's not * solely * a `` popularity with voters '' thing . 
  in very broad terms , it 's generally regarded as economically a good idea to have low interest rates during a time of ( potential ) recession . 
  it encourages more spending , which helps return to growth . 
  i 've not studied nearly enough economics to be able to say where the exceptions to that broad rule are , or if it was a good idea in the specific case of australia circa 2008 . 
  maybe it was , and the rba helped , maybe it was n't , and australia did well in spite of , not because of , what the rba did at the time . 
  i 'm not weighing in on that . 
  just wanted to point out that there would have been more reason than simply winning votes , if the government was trying to push them to lower rates .
