  since this is / r/classicalmusic , though , i 'll pose something that 's a bit of a fusion between the two : [ rhapsody in blue ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bitgzlejv5o ) . 
  linked is n't the original version , but i imagine those same harmonies are played at some point in the normal version . 
  bach 's ^ ( ( but probably not really by bach ) ^ ) tocatta and fugue in d minor !?!? 
  that piece is the epitome of awesome !, 
  edit : just watched the link . 
  yeah , that is epic !, 
  and then only if the piece uses modern tuning of a 440 or 442 , or thereabouts . 
  old baroque pieces on period instruments can sound as much as a semitone out . 
  you ca n't train perfect pitch ( edit : you either are born with it , or you 're not ) , but you can train relative pitch . 
  you need to do things like think of examples . 
  for example , a perfect fourth up is `` here comes the bride '' , a semitone down is f\u00fcr elise , etc. 
  over time , i think , it becomes more natural . 
  it does if you do n't know the key , and you even get the right starting note . 
  that makes even more sense when you consider the other sort of skilled pitch is `` relative '' pitch, 
  i had a friend who could even tell you what key you talked in . 
  that * really * blew my mind , especially as someone who does n't even have a good relative pitch . 
  you mean you can find a440 ? 
  or the middle c given an a440 tuning ? 
  can you do this even in the southern hemisphere ? 
  what if you 're in that south western us state ( i forget which one ) that has a stretch of a few kilometres where you can go through like 5 time zone changes ? 
  both of them are easy , they do n't require shift ... 
  i can do about the same , maybe just a tad more , but only since i switched to dvorak . 
  i was terrible before , only 70 -- 80 , plus heaps of mistakes . 
  yeah , that 's what i was asking . 
  damn that 's a skill i wish i had , though ... 
  can you , now ? 
  without fail ? 
  i challenge you to even name the movie that this picture is from , with searching . 
  i would challenge you the name of the actor , but it 's in the url . 
  hey cool , foil , \u00e9p\u00e9e , or sabre ? 
  i 'm not sure what you mean ... how can the voice actor be a fake ? 
  yes , i know it . 
  that 's how i found the image . 
  it was meant to be a test for bonochromatic . 
  the movie was terrible , absolutely butchered the book , but i was hoping he would n't know the actor on account of it being australian . 
  it does if you 're trying to do an exact rewrite of the original from ear ( as , for example , mozart did in that famous concert that always kept the sheet music under lock and key ) . 
  what keyboard layout do you use ? 
  azerty ? 
  qwertz ? 
  edit , oh , but the & does require a shift in qwerty . 
  and japan and australia , 
  what you described , though , is more of the same stuff . 
  there 's a difference in life expectancy not because of some bizarre difference between the two , but because of random accidents that lefties are more prone to , such as with operating heavy machinery , and that which described about driving . 
  i feel a need to defend history classes . 
  while many curricula are extremely biased , you can come across good ones . 
  i did n't actually take history , by i 've heard the ib history curriculum takes a less biased view of history . 
  when i switched to dvorak i specifically made sure i was completely touch typing . 
  rather than get stickers to put over my keys , or a new keyboard , i printed out a picture of the dvorak keyboard and stuck it under my monitor . 
  that way i could look at it briefly as a learned , but was forced to touch type , which i could only kinda do on qwerty . 
  on qwerty my top speed was about 100 , but on average more often around only 70 or so . 
  after less than a year of typing dvorak , i reached an average of around 100 , with a maximum of around 120 , so i feel my method worked very well for me . 
  never mind the hard drive , why not just keep them in the same folder . 
  why do some put saves in my documents !, 
  i read that as `` worship him to death '' ... & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  that stuff about water already happens . 
  you can even be swept down a waterfall . 
  ah , thanks for that . 
  so it 's not the game developers that we need to blame , it 's microsoft . 
  the way programmes are stored and run is something apple definitely got right , far better than ms. 
  huh ... 
  i guess my only suggestion would be to start from scratch with typing tutors . 
  a couple that i used were :, 
  i honestly doubt they 'll help , but it 's worth a try . 
  yeah , i was wondering where the word `` ashes '' came from ... 
  huh ... odd ... have you got the latest update ? 
  what console do you play on ? 
  demanding the removal of all social security is a very extreme right-wing sounding action . 
  i 'm not even sure it 's half-assed help . 
  more like doing nothing , but with the very best * intentions * . 
  yeah , i guess that 's true . 
  not sure why you were downvoted for it . 
  it definitely adds to the discussion , even if someone does n't agree with it . 
  oh , and global warming is real , 
  huh ... maybe it 's something about the ps3 version of the game ? 
  i 'll ask some friends who play it on that and see if they have the same problems . 
   has dvorak stickers on my keyboard, 
  that 's your problem . 
  by learning dvorak from scratch , without stickers or a special keyboard , you 're forcing yourself to be 100 % touch typist . 
  that means that even if the actual advantages of dvorak are n't that great , your typing speed is guaranteed to improve . 
  i saw an average speed increase from 70 -- 100 wpm , with a maximum going from 100 up to over 120 wpm . 
  i learnt by printing out a copy of the keyboard and sticking it under my monitor , which was enough of a guide as i was first learning , but still forced me to become a complete touch typist . 
  aoeu, 
  htns, 
  gcrl, 
  ; qjk, 
  bmwv, 
  there 's six . 
  but the qwerty keyboard , and its subsets ( for lack of a better word to describe azerty , qwertz/kezboard , and the like ) are n't designed for the fastest , most efficient typing . 
  they 're designed to slow down typing to avoid jamming the hammers on a mechanical typewriter . 
  hs , jakw dbaikpt {, 
  i 'm upvoting this because it really is awesome , but it 's been posted at least once before . 
  learn dvorak , might make a nice special surprise or something :p, 
  ah , very clever !, 
  not if there was some bug that could teleport you there , but nowhere else . 
  i made the switch at around 15 or so , but i 've deteriorated significantly in qwerty typing since -- not that i really tried to prevent it . 
  so not really that much like a language , i guess . 
  there are dvorak layouts for left or right hand if you 're typing with one hand . 
  the actual layout is n't related to dvorak simplified , just its purpose ( typing as efficiently as possible ) , you might want to look into those , although i 've not tried them myself . 
  only thing is , if its your job , and you 're currently able to keep up with it , it 's probably not a great idea to switch , as it is possible that your qwerty typing could deteriorate before your dvorak catches up , which obviously would n't be good . 
  that 's the thing .
