  eh , that 's not how it 's done here in aus , and i suspect nz is the same . 
  we start seasons at the beginning of the month . 
  makes more sense if you think about it . 
  the equinoxes and solstices are the epitome of what their seasons represent . 
  summer is the time of year with long daylight . 
  so why would the day that has the * longest * daylight be the start of the season ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  and anyway , considering the australian antarctic territory is by far the largest territory ( and even more if you add nz 's on ) , it also makes sense that if we 're talking about antarctica , we would use that system of timing seasons . 
  i think you missed the bit where op mentioned that they 're talking about * middle * c. unless i 'm misunderstanding , tour advice is for the octave above . 
  edit : i hate doing this , but why the downvotes ? 
  op asked about middle c , that 's [ this note ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03/middle_c.png ) . 
  there 's no ambiguity in the term . 
  the comment i replied to was clearly ( unless i made a mistake here , in which case please , rather than just downvoting , let me know !, 
  i like to be corrected when i 'm wrong ) referring to the note one octave above . 
  either this is what op is referring to , or op is miscommunicating the problem . 
  your source is n't very convincing for your point . 
   meteorologists ( and most of the temperate countries in the southern hemisphere ) use a definition based on months , with autumn being september , october and november in the northern hemisphere , and march , april and may in the southern hemisphere . 
  unfortunately i ca n't find a specific list , but based on that i would suspect countries like chile and argentina probably also follow this method . 
  but note particularly that this is the system used by all meteorologists . 
  and yes , i 'm sure many countries could have made territorial claims to antarctica had they wanted to . 
  but very few actually * did * . 
  and since 1961 , the antarctic treaty has specified that no new claims shall be made . 
  while those claims that were made do overlap somewhat , there 's no overlap in any if australia 's territory , nor in new zealand 's . 
  combined , these two seem to make a majority of the total area anyone has claim to , both in terms of land area and radial angle -- though that 's just from eyeballing it . 
  and yes , the seasons beginning and ending on the exact days that they end is somewhat arbitrary . 
  but it 's significantly better than having the day that epitomises that season be the * beginning * of the season . 
  summer is defined by the time that is hot and has longest daylight hours . 
  the former trait is well under way before ~ 22nd december , and the latter trait increases up until then and begins to decrease immediately afterwards . 
  the closest you could get to non-arbitrary season starts that still make sense would be to take the half way point between each equinox and the following solstice , but that 's way too much work . 
  we already split the years into arbitrary months , why not just use those months to mark the seasons as well . 
  you 're saying the sky is not grey , but also kind of is grey ? 
  people who are n't angry usually do n't start their comments with `` what the fuck is wrong with you '' . 
  well , to be fair , until that last comment he never really made any attempt to actually state the * reason * it should n't have been shown . 
  but then even in that last comment he really was being quite rude . 
  so you 're saying they could do it once per match consequence free in order to psych out the batting team ? 
  haha sorry mate . 
  simple miscommunication . 
  i know waiting is frustrating , but warband is still a great game is the meantime , and honestly i do n't really mind if they take their time to make bannerlord the best game they possibly can . 
  i 'd rather wait and receive a great product than have them release tomorrow and it be buggy and/or lackluster . 
  nah mate no worries . 
  those beautiful italic forte signs . 
  there 's really no ambiguity here . 
  the word `` middle c '' refers to the c on the ledger line below the treble clef staff and above the bass clef staff . 
  that 's what middle c means in music ; there is no other meaning . 
  op is either referring to that note , in the middle of the lower register of the clarinet , or is miscommunicating the problem pretty terribly . 
  that 's great . 
  i do n't follow that , because i do n't want spoilers . 
  it 's a subreddit rule , and op broke that rule . 
  all you people trying to justify it are really just immaturely ignoring the rules and the wishes of those of us who prefer to watch the show without having the fucking thing spoiled by arsehats like you . 
  i 'm frankly sick of it . 
  not the spoilers themselves -- people make mistakes and do the wrong thing by accident sometimes , especially when they want to show others something cool -- no , i 'm sick of everyone getting up and defending this shit . 
  op made a mistake and this post should have been removed promptly my the mods . 
  and i ** certainly ** should not have been downvoted for politely ( initially -- i 'm not being polite any more and nor am i trying to ) pointing out that it violates the rules . 
  yeah i just sent a message to the mods to the effect of `` please start actually removing posts like this one , and let the op know that they should resubmit with a better title '' . 
  it 'd probably help if a few more people did the same . 
  yes , the mods should regulate it better . 
  i 've sent them a message to that effect , and it would certainly help if other people would do the same . 
  but you better believe i 'm also going to get angry at the people who break the rules themselves . 
  they 're the ones that actually did it . 
  and even worse is the dick heads defending that action saying `` oh it 's obvious , you should already know this stuff by now '' . 
  fuck off you pricks . 
  ( that 's not aimed at * you * , caleb , since you are n't one of the people who said that , it 's a more general `` you '' . 
  edit : wait , just realised you were the one that made the instagram mention . 
  in that case , thus * is * also aimed at you . ), 
  i do n't want spoilers , but i do want to be able to discuss what 's happened so far , and theories on what will happen next . 
  90 % of the time i 'm able to do that successfully with either no spoilers or only the most minor of spoilers that i do n't mind too much . 
  a little more self regulation ( people should n't post spoilers unless their nature is clearly marked , and users should downvote posts that are poorly marked ) as well as moderation from the mod team ( removing these posts entirely ) when self regulation fails would improve things enormously . 
  yeah seriously . 
  i 'm not some weirdo privacy nut , i frankly do n't care if they have my birthday . 
  i just ca n't be arsed to take the time to give them my real birthday . 
  especially on steam . 
  fucking useless piece if shit programme ca n't just remember my age from the last time i put it in . 
  i spent the effort to use my real birthday the first few times it asked , but i do n't bother any more . 
  works in the reddit is fun browser ( which i suspect uses chrome 's rendering ) on my n4 , too . 
  they did that during 4e 's run too ? 
  i only started on a year and a half or so ago , so we 'll after most of the content was out and not much new stuff happened . 
  but i do remember people getting really upset when they recently shut down community driven stuff for 5e , and i got the impression that this was a new move for them . 
  fwiw , 1-2-1 is n't especially realistic either . 
  in fact , it 's only a little bit closer to reality than 1-1-1 is . 
  the most accurate would be 1.41 ( or each diagonal square moved is 7.07 -- round it to exactly 7 for simplicity -- feet if a straight square is 5 ) . 
  1-2-1 simulates 1.5 if the player moves enough , but has this weird and really unrealistic mechanic where if the pc only moves one square , it costs one third the amount of if they moved two squares . 
  yeah i 'm * really * hoping they bring back shardminds in a later update -- probably with psionics . 
  the race was just so incredibly unique with such a rich history and culture . 
  very true . 
  they also tend to fit better with spaces that are n't man-made , i.e. 
  natural caves or outdoors . 
  the problem is that in man-made spaces like dungeons and normal buildings , they map badly , since these tend to be rectangular . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  middle c is an accepted musical term . 
  it refers to c ^ ( 4 ) * , or the note roughly pitched with a fundamental frequency of 261 hz . 
  i can see the temptation to call it middle c , since it 's in the middle of the clarinet 's range , but this is not a practice that is commonplace in musical discussion , and should be discouraged because it creates ambiguity among what is otherwise a very clear situation . 
  as for there being no problem , it certainly seems unlikely that there would be problems , but this subreddit is home to a wide range of abilities . 
  someone completely new to the instrument may struggle to put down the side key while lifting up the left ring finger . 
  \\* the 4 there should he subscript , not superscript , but the markdown does n't support subscript . 
  they really do n't . 
  unlike america or australia , where the term `` asian '' usually refers to eastern asians ( chinese , koreans , vietnamese , etc. 
  ) , in much of the uk it 's more common that the term will actually refer to subcontinentals -- indians or pakistanis . 
  well considering none of the other places have unique proper nouns ( or , at least , hogwarts and beaubatons both do n't ) , i do n't see why the japanese one should be different . 
  my understanding ( based admittedly only on a single reddit comment i read a while back , so take it with a grain of salt ) was that all of star wars ' extended universe is generally considered still canon , except in any places that it conflicts directly with any of the upcoming movies . 
  in those cases , the eu is overridden ( overridded ?
