  i do n't think you should allow yourself to be changed too quickly on this , buy instead read up more about it . 
   dont spread rumores about your sister . 
   ~ ~ mexican-american ~ ~ anyone who speaks multiple languages sometimes combine the two in conversation, 
  ftfy, 
  source : know a lot of people like this . 
  heck , i even do it sometimes , and i only have highschool level or lower in the other languages i mix in, 
  no , you 're right regarding roads and infrastructure , but most libertarians are in favour of demolishing or severely reducing public education and medicine , which follows the same principles . 
  nonono , you 're going back to the argument that i was specifically saying does n't matter . 
  my point ( the one that the person you are replying to was replying to ) was that whether it 's a human baby or a blob of cells is * irrelevant * . 
  there is * no * consensus , and likely never will be , as to when it 's a human , so i feel any arguments that hinge on that are impossible to resolve . 
  whatever it is , human or not , it 's leeching on the mother 's resources , and that violates her rights , if she does n't want it to be there . 
  that 's what 's important and can be argued . 
  ah yes , very good point . 
  i was on my phone when i wrote that , so it was n't easy for me to go back and check the original question . 
  but you 're right . 
   we now have a world where every individual is a customer of a private rights enforcement agency . 
  right . 
  except for people who ca n't afford to hire one . 
  you 're not wealthy ? 
  sorry , but i can murder your cat and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
   that sounds unjust to us . 
  because it is unjust . 
  the entire * point * of the law is that everyone is equal . 
  that stuff about different states and different levels ( local , state , federal ) only argues in favour of removing or significantly decreasing the power of state law . 
  i 'm really rich , and i 've decided to hire a rights enforcements agency that gives me protection from having my right to clean air infringed upon . 
  now , if you smoke , in a public place , within range of me , you 're infringing upon my rights as laid out by the agency i 'm paying for . 
  these are counters i came up with while watching the video , taking no particular effort to think them up . 
  it 's such a flawed system that someone without more than the most basic understanding can poke holes in it . 
  there are other problems ( such as that markets are never truly perfect competition , which this sort of system would require ) , but i ca n't be bothered to go into it because honestly it 's so stupid i ca n't be bothered wasting any more of my time over it . 
  but thank you for the link , it was certainly an interesting insight into how anarcho-capitalists think ( or , rather , how they * do n't * think ) , and i am glad to have seen it . 
   what makes you think libertarians ca n't have a functioning society ? 
  basic economics . 
  libertarianism is based on the idea that things provided by government , such as education and healthcare , would be done just as well or better under a free market . 
  however , basic economics tells you that is not true . 
  these types of services have positive externalities , and as such would be under provided in a free market . 
  this entire debate has taken a heap of my time and i do n't want to go into it any further , but quite simply it does n't require much knowledge to see the flaws in anarcho-capitalism , and it only requires a little more to poke holes in libertarianism . 
  i base my argument on my understanding of basic economics . 
  libertarianism , and to a far worse extent anarcho-capitalism , makes assumptions that have no basis in fact . 
  things like there being perfect competition , like the optimum amount of things being supplied even when they have positive externalities . 
  this entire debate has taken a heap of my time and i do n't want to go into it any further , but quite simply it does n't require much knowledge to see the flaws in anarcho-capitalism , and it only requires a little more to poke holes in libertarianism . 
  if someone wants to believe in it , then they 're welcome to . 
  but i just wish they could realise that their belief is completely illogical . 
  the last paragraph is particularly good . 
  sure . 
  my one word response : bullshit . 
  more detailed , they 're coming from the point of view that anything done by the government is `` force '' . 
  it 's a completely flawed argument , and claiming that taxes are equivalent to holding a gun to someone 's head and robbing them is bullshit . 
  here 's a good article that debunks this nonsense . 
  oh god this is brilliant . 
  i was still laughing when the announcer came in at the end , and that was despite knowing what was coming . 
  does anyone have the entire recording ? 
  yes there was education before public schools . 
  it was available , for the most part , only to the rich, 
  and private businesses ** do not ** run * everything * better than governments . 
  * that 's why we have governments * . 
  if it were true , we would have done away with them long ago . 
  i ca n't speak for america , but the queensland department of transport and main roads worked very smoothly when i went there to get my license earlier this year . 
  far more smoothly than the experience my friend had trying to get their phone to work after getting a new sim . 
  my point here is that governments can be inefficient sometimes , but so can private enterprises . 
  in certain situations a government is always going to be the better choice . 
  private-only education would not be available to all , which is itself a huge problem compared to education today , where everyone is able to go . 
  however , there are far more problems with it than that , the most obvious of which is it would also be inconsistent . 
  you 'd get different curricula in different schools , which would create problems with getting in to university , as comparing syllabi would be difficult and would be disadvantageous for those able to attend the cheaper schools ( who are in turn more advantaged than those who would be unable to attend any school ) . 
  would you favour a unification of the koreas , and do you believe it will be possible within our lifetime ? 
  ( say , within 60 years ), 
  you 're absolutely right in the point you 're trying to make , but it * has * gone well before , too . 
  the un forces in the korean war were mainly led by the us , and that worked out incredibly well . 
  not as well as could have been hoped , but certainly better than if the un had n't stepped in . 
  if the un had n't intervened , the north would have won , and the entire peninsula would now be in the same situation that north korea is currently in . 
  as it is , south korea is one of the most wealthy countries in the world , and the home of some of the world 's greatest technological innovation . 
  how is this bad ? 
   counties * has * civil wars, 
  ( emphasis mine ), 
  ah , good old muphry 's law . 
  fair enough . 
  the linked article seemed pretty good to me , but i only skimmed it after getting it as the top result from a google search . 
  here are some more links that i 've read more fully ,, 
  both ambiguity and social contract sections -- but note that this is from a site dedicated to austrian economics , so it 's biased against the point i 'm trying to make . 
  also see [ this article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_as_theft ) , and sources 6 and 7 . 
  and , for an absolutely fantastic article ( albeit one that only tangentially mentions this issue ) , see [ here ] ( http://www.governmentisgood.com/articles.php?aid=17 ) . 
  i already explained that . 
  education is a service that has positive externalities of consumption . 
  if you do n't know what that means , i suggest looking into it , but basically the result of it is that a free market will undersupply it ( relative to the social optimum ) , and thus government intervention is required . 
  it 's an * incredibly * basic piece of economic theory . 
  edit : i did n't address the bit about `` next generation stays obedient '' because come on . 
  even you have to see how ridiculous that is . 
  we 're not talking about totalitarian dictatorships here . 
  we 're talking about some of the most free democracies in the world . 
  i thought more or less the same as you , at first , too . 
  but i 've read and been told a number of things since that c 'd my v. 
  this may help better than anything i can say , but i 'll give it a go anyway . 
  any serious musician or composer knows the importance of silence in their music . 
  silence is both [ the canvas on which all music is painted , and a tool within music itself , that can be used to create anticipation ] ( http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=16481#.uazgnmqy2ay ) . 
  when one person is silent , it brings emphasis to the other things going on ( more on this point later ) . 
  if everyone is silent for an extended time , it can create an incredibly powerful atmosphere , depending on what came before and after it . 
  consider next , what is silence ? 
  were you to try and define it , it would be a complete lack of any sound . 
  but does such a thing exist ? 
  of course not . 
  wherever you go , and under whatever circumstances , you will always hear some sound .
