  yeah , that sounds like all of south-east asia at the * least * ( except singapore and kl , perhaps ) , and probably a lot more of asia . 
  i did n't mind it . 
  i just found it slightly too much on the absurdity . 
   btw , i consider region locking a form of drm . 
  it might be ( it ** is ** ) a massive dick move , but that part is objectively not true . 
  yeah i did that a few times in the last couple of hours . 
  as for the walking distance thing , that might be true for tourists , but if you live here ( as a foreigner ) chances are you live in district 2 or 7 , which are definitely not within reasonable walking distance of the city . 
  yeah i did n't really mind the third one all that much , especially as i was watching it the first time . 
  it was just not quite as good as the other two . 
  fourth one ? 
  what fourth one ? 
  drm dictates what you can do with your music once you 've got it . 
  itunes has no drm . 
  refusing to sell to people in a certain area is a dick move , but entirely unrelated to drm . 
  i 'll pm it of you like , but i 'd really highly recommend reading them . 
  they 're easy to find online . 
  done . 
  the most important ones are :, 
  the promise parts 1 -- 3 . 
  describes the backstory as to why republic city needed to be built : politics involving former colonies etc. 
  the search parts 1 -- 3 . 
  this directly follows on from the promise , and details what exactly happened to zuko 's mum , as well as explaining some brilliant character backstory for the entire fire nation royal family : the dynamics between zuko , azula , and their mum are particularly good , as well as the mum 's backstory ( how she ended up married to ozai ) . 
  the rift parts 1 -- 3 which will be released some time next year , supposedly describes the actual building of republic city , and is supposed to feature toph pretty heavily ( pure speculation on my part here , but perhaps that 's where we 'll get the answer to the question posited in the op ) . 
  this will follow on from the search . 
  there 's also lost adventures , but to be honest they 're kinda mediocre compared to the others . 
  those ones are basically extra episodes of the last airbender in comic form . 
  some of the extra adventures that happened to the gaang in the time between boy in the iceberg and sozin 's comit that they did n't make a full episode out of . 
  also toph . 
  what 's the deal with these amazon bundles ? 
  if i were to buy it now , can i just redeem it on steam and have it work like any steam game ? 
  awesome , thanks . 
  they 're * all * us only . 
  `` game downloads are only available to us customers, 
  we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you . 
  please continue shopping on the amazon.com home page . '', 
  just so you know , * all * amazon game downloads are us only , it 's not just the xcom one . 
  i had the error trying to get the bioshock games . 
   game downloads are only available to us customers, 
   we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you . 
  please continue shopping on the amazon.com home page . 
  edit : you seem to be able to get around it by just giving them a us billing address . 
  go have that debate at / r/changemyview . 
  you should n't even have to worry about losing karma . 
  in the baroque era the term flauto was used to refer to a number of instruments , including the recorder . 
  specifically , it was the flauto dolce . 
  that 's kedron , too . 
  his advice is to use a shorter exposure time and use a flash , rather than a longer exposure time without one . 
  the idea is that this is a way of doing it if you do n't have a tripod . 
  if you used a flash and were zooming * in * you 'll want to make sure to have rear curtain flash . 
  a , b , and c ) sure , he did , but someone else who wants to replicate it might not . 
  d ) it would n't have looked quite so etherial , but at the same time it would still look pretty cool . 
   if you do n't have unlimited text messages it could pose a slight issue though since the directions are split between multiple texts, 
  surely though this is * receiving * messages . 
  you only have to actually * send * one , right ? 
  3 point lighting ? 
  where does that come in ? 
  just set your camera 's settings to `` rear curtain flash '' , so it goes off right before the shutter closes , instead of right after it opens . 
  it 's also convenient for * them * , because it means they need less staff for printing things out for people , and they do n't have to spend their own money on ink and paper . 
  well , not quite . 
  the way it * should * be is that places should pay their waiters a good wage , and the customer should n't have to be the one paying them . 
   the subject is n't moving, 
  are you daft ? 
  you 're zooming in or out , * of course * the subject is moving ( relative to the frame ) . 
  and nobody 's saying flash is going to * improve * it , it 's just a great alternative if you do n't have a tripod . 
  point the flash at the ceiling , strap a bit of white cardboard to the back of it , and if you 're zooming * in * use rear-curtain sync , if you 're zooming out use front-curtain sync * , et voil\u00e0 . 
  edit : \\* i 'll explain this point since you seemed to miss it the first time . 
  because you 're zooming in or out , you want to freeze the image of the thing at the right time , either before the zoom or after it . 
  if you 're zooming out that means you want to freeze the image of the tree when you 're zoomed in ( i.e. , before you start zooming out ) . 
  so you use front-curtain sync so the flash goes off at the beginning . 
  that 's certainly never been my experience * anywhere * i 've been , including europe and australia , where tipping is non-existent , and parts of asia where tipping is n't expected . 
  honestly i was n't all that big a fan of them . 
  the first one and the prequel were fantastic , but most of the series just did n't appeal to me all that much . 
  someone further up the thread quoted this :, 
   maybe ordinary people do n't always crack . 
  maybe there is n't any need to crawl under a rock with all the other slimy things when trouble hits ... maybe it was just you all the time . 
  is that how gordon responded to it ? 
  australian here . 
  i say sax-oph-o-nist and pee-uh-nist . 
  and it 's floor-tist . 
  not really . 
  the german words translate to something like `` quarter note '' etc. 
  ( that said , it * is * a rest-of-the-english-world thing . ), 
  actually octopuses and octopodes are both correct in english . 
  just do n't say octopi , because that makes no sense given the word 's history . 
  as an australian i 've never liked the american usage ( we typically say quaver etc. ), 
  because why is a semibreve a `` whole note '' . 
  it 's only a `` whole note '' if you 're in 4/4 . 
  i also do n't like the word `` measure '' rather than `` bar '' , but that 's from a purely aesthetic point of view . 
  i 'm australian and this one bothers me a little too . 
  yup . 
  they run out after that , though . 
  the american 128th note is the non-american semi-hemi-demi-semi-quaver . 
  i do n't even know how that 's possible ... 
  that 's how i pronounce flautist/flutist . 
  it 's a description of the pronunciation without resorting to ipa . 
  beethoven 's path\u00e9tique sonata uses semihemidemisemiquavers ( five beams , 128th notes ) in its slow section . 
  they 'd probably be hemidemisemiquavers for a piece at a moderate tempo . 
  no problem !, 
  i played portal when it was given away for free in september 2011 , and played portal 2 a few months after that . 
  can i just say , with that context i think it 's clear there 's no nostalgia involved , and i definitely found portal 1 much better .
