  the story and world for the first few hours are so dull i nearly considered quitting ( and actually did put the game aside for a month or two ) , though it seems to have picked up a lot recently and now i 'm getting excited to finish it . 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw stats a while back that said bikies are actually only responsible for a fairly small ( though still notable ) percentage of all violent crimes . 
  i see a very strong percentage of australians spell it this way , still ( myself among them ) . 
  i 'd say it 's prolific largely because of influence from american culture . 
  same as the spelling `` airplane '' rather than `` aeroplane '' . 
  played through it for the first time , or replayed it ? 
  because there 's a big difference between the two . 
  the number of times i 've fallen and died/got injured because of how shitty the mechanics of the game are ( especially regarding ladders , but also to a lesser extent just more normal movements * ) would be unacceptable in any modern game . 
  the story was exciting at the very beginning , but not long after the reactor was set off right at the beginning it got less interesting very quickly . 
  it felt like nothing was happening . 
  it really , * really * drags . 
  it started to pick up in `` blast pit '' , and got really exciting and engaging in `` power up '' and has more or less stayed exciting up to where i 'm at so far ( `` forget about freeman '' ) . 
  assuming it stays that way , that 'll mean that over half the game was still great story/immersion-wise , which is great , but that does n't change how dull it was to start out with , and it * definitely * does n't change the awful , awful mechanics . 
  do n't get me wrong , though . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad game , because it 's not . 
  had you asked me two weeks ago i would have said it * is * , but having gotten past that stage of the game my opinion has been changed . 
  the weapon variety and basically everything to do with weapons in the game is nearly perfect , though i would say this one laser-gun type weapon i 've got seems like it should be a lot more powerful than it is . 
  the method for selecting weapons could n't be better , and i think they got the ammo availability just right . 
  not so much that you can just spray and pray , but not so little that it feels like a survival game where you have to be overly cautious with your ammo ( not that that 's a bad thing when it 's in the right type of game ) . 
  the world building has felt really good to me lately . 
  things have jumped out and scared me , i 've felt an adrenaline rush when running to avoid getting hit by a tank or to get back under cover before a helicopter comes past again . 
  i feel like i really want to know where the story is going to lead . 
  in short , i 'm very immersed in it . 
  my only problem is that mechanically it has n't even come close to standing the test of time , and the early game was unengaging , which tainted my overall view quite substantially . 
  these factors lead me to believe it does n't quite deserve as much hype as it gets , even though it is still a great game . 
  \\* other problems include moving boxes and running into laser beams ( frequently will be set off when i can clearly see that they * should n't * have been ), 
  i thought about it , but it 's not complete yet , right ? 
  plus when i started out i kinda wanted to see what it was like for people way back when it first came out . 
  i 've been a few days now without playing due to other commitments , but that might be a part of it . 
  in general moving , jumping ( oh god , jumping is awful ) and aiming these actions does n't feel as smooth as modern games . 
  that 's how i spell it now , but i grew up spelling it airplane . 
  i still * pronounced * it with the `` o '' in there , but i spelt it the american way . 
  i was about 10 when i was first introduced to the other spelling , and probably 12 or 13 when i made the conscious decision to always use that spelling . 
  i 've really excited for hl2 , mainly because i expect that its mechanics will be a hell of a lot better seeing as how it 's a much more recent game . 
  but yeah , i 'm up to about `` forget about freedom '' , which is chapter 12 according to ign 's walkthrough ( i 've just looked up the chapter headings , but i 'm avoiding reading anything else for fear of spoilers ) . 
  lambda core is the next chapter -- 13 -- and the game ends with 17 `` nihalinth '' and 18 `` end game '' . 
  assuming all chapters are equal in length ( of course that 's probably not an accurate assumption ) , they 're a little over 2/3s of the way through . 
  i dunno , i have n't tried in years . 
  it was definitely possible in 2007 which was the last time i had a copy that was able to play online . 
  then the disk got scratched and i bought a replacement that i later found out was a shitty ubisoft-published version that did n't have online play . 
  [ this page ] ( http://gaming.stackexchange.com/questions/44451/why-cant-i-play-multiplayer-in-age-of-mythology ) suggests it was still up as of 2011 . 
  yeah i know how to crouch jump . 
  i think it 's a terrible idea for a feature , though . 
  but that 's not where my problem with jumping lies . 
  my problem is that very regularly it will just refuse to jump at all . 
  if it 's slow enough you can double finger either the c or c # . 
  press down with one pinky then quickly press down with the other pinky . 
  it 's probably doable at around 120 crotchets per minute or slower . 
  that 's why you do n't pick obscure types of music . 
  i did scottish bagpipe music and an indian raga . 
  worked perfectly . 
  my group got strands of people 's hair and put weights on them until they broke . 
  i 'm sensing a theme here . 
  gravitational lensing is n't mass manifesting itself , it 's mass having an effect on how something else appears . 
  does anyone know how to get to the starter island ? 
  i 'm trying to play a new character this beta , and i ca n't get to it . 
  i really enjoyed it with my first character , and i feel like i have nothing to do if i do n't go back and play it . 
  i really liked the callback rachel made to abed 's other previous love interest , when she said `` is this a real conversation or are we being bugged by the feds ? '', 
  obviously was n't intentional ( from her character -- probably * was * intentional from the writers ) , but it was clever . 
  in the first episode of this season there 's a bit about how he 's got the ankle monitor and ca n't move more than a certain distance from the receiver , which he can move a certain distance . 
  they make a joke about how he 's a maths teacher but ca n't add up the two distances . 
  took me a good 15 -- 20 minutes fighting the flame atronarchs at the beginning to get the type of weapon i wanted . 
  considering i 've been telling people this game in non-grindy , that makes me feel like i 've not been totally honest . 
  i 'm curious , for anyone that 's tried it , what happens if you skip the initial tutorial ? 
  what armour/weapons do you get ? 
  are you leveled up straight away , or do you have to start from level 1 without getting that initial skyshard ? 
  at the very least they could make it a quest in your journal so you can easily see it 's a thing that you can do . 
  [ sure it does ] ( http://fc08.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2010/303/9/8/jesus_horse_by_lesleygail-d31ults.jpg ) . 
  that 's ... what it says ... 
   the difference be pedophilia and hebephilia or ephebophilia, 
  okay , i know the difference between pedophilia and ( hebephilia or ephebophilia ) , but what 's the difference between those last two ? 
  also both the people you mentioned are at an age where , in most countries and most us states , they would be considered ` legal ' under the law . 
  socially is a very different thing , of course . 
  ah fair enough . 
  musta ninjaed it because there 's no asterisk . 
  actually i had just deleted a character where i tried that exact method . 
  i got far enough in without the right class of weapon , and in the early game i was having enough trouble finding crafting materials , that i gave up , deleted the character , and tried again . 
  the lack of capitalisation in / u/vg1746 's comment is significant here . 
  they did n't say `` giraffes in the great plains '' , they said `` giraffes in the great plains '' . 
  the former would refer to the specific american plains , but the latter refers to any large area that could be described as `` plains '' . 
  i care about perth right now because i 'm hoping they vote ludlum in next month . 
  after that i 'll forget about them again for another 6 years . 
  pocketcasts . 
  it 's awesome , and available on both ios and android . 
  i know it 's not free , but it 's absolutely worth it . 
  probably the only android app i 've paid for , actually . 
  it 's had nrl for a while now . 
  i 'm actually kinda surprised they got that in before afl . 
  key part :, 
   its reputation has not risen over the years , and it is still a long way from general acceptance . 
  use regardless instead . 
  you can also use the word irrespective , although that will require restructuring the sentence somewhat . 
  for context :, 
  [ google employees are no longer allowed to have windows running on their desktops , and instead must use os x or linux . 
  ] ( http://www.tuaw.com/2010/05/31/google-to-employees-mac-or-linux-but-no-more-windows/ ), 
  i 'd also say that because of how the title is worded , it 's going to be subject to sample bias . 
  reading the title , even though it was tagged ( everyone ) , i assumed it was only for students ... 
  for clarification , the picture is taken in brisbane , australia . 
  moorooka , salisbury , and nathan are all suburbs of brisbane . 
  woollies is slang for one of australia 's biggest supermarket chains : woolworths .
