  some wo n't be very good at all , but you may like some of them . 
  if you can learn the melodies by ear , that 's brilliant , if not , try searching for them at [ imslp ] ( http://imslp.org/wiki ) . 
  if you open the violin , flute , or oboe parts you should be fine to play whatever 's written ( just skip the bits where it 's not melody and mix and match by ear ) . 
  additionally , you may like [ across the stars ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nk_whhtqty ) , from star wars episode ii , by john williams , and possibly [ may it be ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww8wqegfia8 ) , from lord of the rings , by howard shore . 
  lastly , [ this vocal version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0abtibyrbg ) of the theme from downton abbey is really nice , if you played it in the background ( from an ipod or something ) and then yourself played the vocal part on the violin it may suit . 
   4 to 8 hours a day , 7 days a week , is all you 'll ever need to do ( i refuse to believe anyone is so busy that he or she can not make time for that , especially considering how crucial it is . ), 
  i was with you up until there . 
  practising a variety of techniques , being balanced musically , all that stuff about the emotions you go through as a musician , great advice to anyone wanting to learn an instrument . 
  4 to 8 hours a day is just ridiculous for anyone not aiming to be a professional musician , especially , as you say , in the `` beginning decades '' . 
  ( and really , decades ? 
  anyone who 's been playing for 20 + years with any moderate level of dedication [ i.e. , some regular schedule consisting of more than 6 hours a * week * or so ] can not be considered a beginner by any measure . 
  i 'm going to assume you meant beginning * years * , say the first 5 -- 6 years . ), 
  playing that much when starting out or when not aiming to be professional quality is just stupid , i do n't care what your instrument is . 
  i think a big part of the problem is how so many of chopin 's \u00e9tudes have become performance pieces . 
  even if they were meant to be just studies , pieces like op. 10 no. 3 ( tristesse ) and no. 12 ( revolutionary ) have become standard performance repertoire for pianists , so many other musicians have started doing similar things . 
  yeah , i know they have 30 days , i just think that 's a ridiculously long amount of time . 
  your company can do it in a much quicker time , and every issue i 've had other than harry fox has done it within a super quick time , i think it 's bullshit that they 're allowed 30 days . 
  i 'd say 5 days , tops , should be what they 're allowed . 
  but yeah , that waited until late at night on the 30th day , but they released their claim . 
  what do you mean you do n't think solo violin could pull it off ? 
  this piece is perfect for a solo violin !, 
  obviously it 's even better with the piano , too , but even violin alone is going to be amazing . 
  i think you win this thread . 
  mine 's korra with mass effect 1 . 
  sounds interesting . 
  i actually have met north koreans before . 
  i was on a flight from ho chi minh to hanoi , and the north korean youth soccer team ( or something ) was also on that flight . 
  one of the koreans from my school sat next to a member of the soccer team and they talked . 
  the north korean drew him a map of a unified korea ( albeit with pyeongyang as the capital ) . 
  it was really touching , actually . 
  there is a difference with that example . 
  `` american '' refers exclusively to people from the united states of america , unless the person using the term happens to be latin american , where they consider north and south america a single continent by the name `` america '' . 
  there is a difference with that example . 
  `` america '' refers exclusively to the united states of america , unless the person using the term happens to be latin american , where they consider north and south america a single continent by the name `` america '' . 
  i could n't have told you the capital city until i moved to busan , let alone point it out on a map . 
  granted , i was 10 at the time , so i feel it 's somewhat more acceptable . 
  not a korean here , but i 've known a lot of koreans , does that count ? 
  yeah , they always use the term `` korea '' to refer to south korea , but i feel it 's not just them . 
  everyone i 've known has done the same . 
  i think / u/dresslikeacount is correct : `` korea '' by itself refers to the republic of korea , or south korea . 
  if someone wants to refer to the democratic people 's republic of korea , they will specifically say `` north korea '' . 
  it 's east korea , right ? 
  how i met your mother . 
  i tv series about a guy named ted , from the perspective of him telling his kids how he met their mum . 
  after something like 8 seasons they still have n't shown who she is , although i think he 's seen her ankle or something once . 
  ( i do n't really watch it . ), 
  like i said , i do n't really watch it . 
  no , it 's not . 
  pocketcast is an amazing podcast app from aussie developers [ shifty jelly ] ( http://www.shiftyjelly.com/ ) . 
  also available on android . 
  not only is the app itself really good , but they make it really fun by having creative update notes . 
  great on ios , too . 
  the android version seem to be better , though ( their website seems to say it has automatic downloading , is this true ? 
  i love how they handled fcp x. 
  when it first came out it was missing important features , so what did they do ? 
  they told people ( * gasp !, 
  * ) that they recognised the problem and that they were working on fixing it . 
  pocket cast is an awesome application that 'll let you do just that . 
  in addition , it has the advantage over all other podcast apps of using server-side technology to minimise the amount of data you use to search for new episodes , making it * much * faster to boot . 
  pocket cast . 
  * you * are welcome . 
  really simple , easy ui , server-side technology for faster ( and less data-using ) searches for new episodes , and fun update notes as an added bonus . 
  i 'm second from bottom on the right , but also sometimes count in my head . 
  which are you ? 
  yeah . 
  i 've always assumed it 's because of ios 's limitations in background applications , but i 'm not sure . 
  it does automatically push the notification that an episode is available , but wo n't download it until told . 
  right , but my point was simply that they did fix the problems . 
  iirc the did go back and put fcs 7 back for sale , and then they added in the important missing features . 
  about the multitrack audio , i 'm not exactly sure what you mean . 
  you can have as many audio tracks as you want ... 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure 1 is only , like , 500 picohitlers . 
  what , worse than / r/atheism ? 
  thanks for the link , i found that really interesting , even if i do n't necessarily agree with it . 
   the main reason i propose viewing in chronological order is one that you completely missed . 
  it shows some great character development from the innocent young anakin of e1 , to e2 's rage killing of the raiders after the death of his mother , to finally turning to the dark side in e3 . 
  all this , and the viewer does n't already know how it 'll end up , so it 's a great surprise . 
  sure , this spoils the surprise of `` i am your father '' in e5 , but you ca n't have it both ways . 
  that 's my basic take on it , but i also think it 's a really good idea to read robcassidy84 's comment , followed by zack 's reply to it , and then both the replies to zack 's comment . 
  there 's also this [ fan edit ] ( http://www.slashfilm.com/topher-grace-edited-star-wars-prequels-85minute-movie/ ) of the prequel trilogy into a single film that seems interesting ( unfortunately , no one gets to actually watch it ) . 
  again , i do n't think it actually improves the original for a bunch of reasons i left in a comment on there ( which you 'll have to press `` load more comments '' once or twice to get to ) , but i think it 's still very interesting to consider . 
   but then , i 'd love to see french horn anywhere, 
  yes . 
  but a horn busking , that is an interesting idea . 
  could you perhaps clarify this ? 
  do you mean a light outside , or simply the light in the room closest to the street ? 
  if the latter , it seems absurd that you could n't have the light on in your front room ( which , in many australian houses i 've been to , at least , is the main room of the house ) without fear of being bugged by random strangers . 
  fair enough , then . 
  i 'm the same . 
  to be honest i do n't go to any reviewers when deciding what games to play , i go to friends mostly , and random internetians if i 'm undecided after that . 
  i just love yahtzee 's videos because they 're hilarious . 
  economies of scale , bitches . 
  ( and principal of comparative advantage . ), 
  right , but you 're now changing your argument . 
  if existing customers could buy more licenses them they 've got exactly what your last comment was asking for . 
  as for the lack of `` tracks '' in the traditional sense , well , that 's just it , `` traditional '' . 
  if you 're really insisting on still having them , and claiming without them it 's `` unusable '' , you really need to take another look at either the programme or yourself . 
  probably both . 
  i did n't know that particular aspect . 
  it explains a lot of my deaths as a spy ...
