   my two favorite story-lines in rp are ` fall to darkness ' and ` redemption ', 
  i agree so much with this . 
  do n't suppose you know any other good stories that follow these lines that have n't already been shared here ? 
  it 's the same thing with goddamn wifi . 
  why is it that you pay twice the price for the hotel , and * then * have to pay out of your arse for wifi and breakfast when the places that are half as expensive usually have free breakfast , and often have free wifi . 
   or whoever makes tupperware, 
  i believe the company 's name is tupperware . 
  could be wrong , though . 
   if the hotel has an attached restaurant, 
  do n't forget the fancy lobby . 
  i could be wrong , but i remember one time previously this conversation came up , and someone mentioned that perfect-use failure rate is the rate at which a couple using the method perfectly and having regular sex will still get pregnant . 
  so it 's not a 2 % rate per sexual encounter . 
  my google from the episode was ` la 1992 ` . 
  forget a processor , she built a * quantum * processor overnight . 
  in our world , those do n't even * exist * yet . 
  at least , not in any practical way . 
  yeah , the `` liar revealed '' trope is one of my most hated in films and television . 
  i 've seen it lampshaded/averted really nicely in the past , but i just ca n't see how this show could possibly handle it in a way that is n't just god awful . 
  i really hope they do handle it well , i just ca n't see it . 
   and canary just needs her voice powers now, 
  am i the only one that thinks they should/could have laurel modify the gloves from this week 's flash episode into something more closely resembling canary 's voice powers ? 
  it was the first thing i thought while watching the episode yesterday , and i was surprised that no one in either subreddit seems to have mentioned it . 
  i know that sounds bad , and it * is * bad . 
  could you imagine if people actually had * pacemakers * that were network-connected ? 
  but it could be worse . 
  there actually * have * been insulin pumps that , if someone got within range , a random person could hack into them and release an overdose of insulin into the person wearing them . 
  which moment would that be ? 
  not before me and my mate team up to stop the hackers getting through our system , by working together on the same keyboard . 
  i reckon she needs to get a hold of the weapon from this week 's episode of the flash , and modify it to work with her voice , rather than as gloves . 
  pro wrestling references ? 
  it 's a flash reference ... 
  duchenne muscular dystrophy ? 
  while we 're on the topic , m means milli ( 10 ^ -3 ) and m is mega ( 10 ^ 6 -- except for certain applications in computing , where it 's 2 ^ 12 ) . 
  mvnos in general are brilliant . 
  i 'm on an mvno that resells one of the major networks in australia and i pay half as much as it would cost for a fairly basic phone plan on the major telcos , and i get unlimited sms ( including international ) , unlimited domestic calls , a bunch of credit for international calls , and 4 gb data . 
  no idea . 
  i 'm also not american . 
  yeah but they do n't provide a focussed beams like the gloves do . 
  as far as i was aware , grommit was never a word . 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  in my country , the anti-vaxxers are associated with right wing groups . 
  does n't cortana use actual recordings for many pre-recorded messages ? 
  wait you can get cortana on win8 .1 ? 
  when did that start , and how ? 
  third time 's the charm really only applies if the first two failed . 
  in seriousness ? 
  because it 'll make a killer app for the hololens . 
  oh , right . 
  which depp movie is that ? 
   girlfriend was a dragon, 
  huh ? 
  what does this even mean ? 
  i do n't know much about the first gen , since the only gen i ever played was 3rd . 
  but i would * always * go with the fire starter , and i believe that this was objectively the right choice . 
  why ? 
  because there are * very * few fire pokemon throughout the world . 
  you can get plenty of water or grass pokemon to beat the first couple of gyms in the wild , but there 's no good opportunity for fire types * anywhere * except that initial choice . 
  of course , this may be completely different in other generations , so the logic may not apply . 
   investigation would see through the disguise, 
  i do n't agree . 
  the result in a contest is that if there is a tie , the situation remains unchanged . 
  when two people try to grab a ring , the ring stays on the floor . 
  when one person tries to knock open a door against the other person trying to keep it closed , the door stays closed . 
  with investigation to see through a disguise , clearly `` no change '' would be the person * not * seeing through the disguise . 
  thus , on a tie , they would stay hidden . 
  the only issue with this line of reasoning is that as far as i 'm aware , disguise should n't actually be done as a contest . 
  setting the quality of the disguise should be done beforehand and made into a static dc , and thus the investigation would be made against a dc , not against an opponent in a contest . 
  therefore , a tie on the investigation roll when compared to the target dc would result in them seeing through the disguise . 
  like , one of those people that redditors like to make fun of tumblr for ? 
  plantkin and such ? 
  man that 's fucking wack . 
  you 're devious . 
  porn or horror ? 
  yeah this is really annoying me , and i 'm not seeing any way to get rid of it so far . 
  yup , it 's in there . 
  has an option called `` add to home screen '' , too . 
  hahaha . 
  i think i 'm going to start using their style guide in my own projects . 
  ` atoi ( argv [ i ] + 2 ) ` is my new preferred bracket spacing . 
  i like you . 
  fuck all the haters , their opinions are based completely on incorrect assumptions ignorance . 
  you keep doing your thing , because your thing is cool . 
  they 're not . 
  i 've got ta be honest , i do n't * really * know who they are . 
  i mean , i 'm familiar with the names , of course , but i 've never actually seen more than a few minutes of them . 
  i 'm also not a big fan of claymation films . 
  yeah that 's what i thought . 
  hahaha do n't worry buddy . 
  the thought of actually doing it kills me a little inside . 
  i was only joking . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  unlike the people making a lot of noise to deliberately be passive aggressive , which is a dick move by them , i ca n't help but side * with * this kid . 
  if someone 's telling me i ca n't use the door out of my house for days , you bet i 'd be pretty annoyed at that . 
  i 'm still hoping for john diggle to reveal his middle name is stewart . 
  yeah at this point , * especially * in the flash , but in arrow as well to an extent , i 'm more excited going in to the episode for the end stinger than i am for the actual episode . 
  the initial assumption of the op was that disguise vs. investigation would be a contest . 
  in the context of treating it as a contest , a tie should find in favour of the disguise . 
  i then went on to point out that you actually should n't treat it as a contest . 
  considering the subreddit we 're in right now , which do you consider more likely ? 
  my comment relied on rather a lot of context , but if you read it with the context in mind , it was perfectly clear .
