  age of mythology is the best age game , followed by age of empires 3 . 
  age 2 is just not a game that has held up well in my opinion . 
  age 3 has all the gameplay basics and even the graphics i would expect of a good rts game today . 
  aom has the gameplay features i 'd expect , even if not the graphics . 
  age 2 is lacking in some really basic fundamental ways , and it also seems to go for breadth rather than depth like the later two game did . 
  plus the graphics and the 2d engine are fucking awful . 
  i really do n't think this should be unpopular or controversial at all , but esports are not sports . 
  apparently that is considered controversial in gaming communities . 
  but they 're just not . 
  not even close . 
  mobas make me so mad because they seem to have largely destroyed the community for rts games . 
  since the rise of the moba there have n't really been any decent strategy games . 
  and it makes me sad because that 's my favourite multilayer genre by far . 
  heaps of early games had expansions . 
  every one of the age of empires games had expansions , for example , and mythology was the first one released after the, 
  not sure about that . 
  do they not have the same law about staying left unless overtaking ? 
  for us it 's only when signs say to do so , or at speeds over 70 km/h . 
  i was thinking of a few different things . 
  learner drivers have a speed cap of 90 km/h , which makes them dangerous and inconvenient on highways , esp single lane ones . 
  cyclists are not permitted on the pavement , which is especially bad considering many local councils have much heavier anti-cyclist approaches in the building of their roads than bcc does . 
  we also introduced the really fantastic 1 m passing law for cyclists , which many other states are also apparently considering . 
  and then also most people do n't even use strava , so at * least * double that figure . 
  yeah , probably . 
  i was being super conservative on purpose . 
  sure , given equal apm that 's obvious . 
  i do n't want that to be the case though . 
  i want a game where a vastly inferior apm can still have a chance of winning through strategy . 
  the age games seem to do this fairly well . 
  i play with people who never use shortcuts , or who use only a couple here and there . 
  and they 're always able to win by being better players against a weaker bit faster opponent . 
  i think the notion that chess or poker are sports is equally ridiculous . 
  yup . 
  but some ( many ) people in the gaming community argue esports should be considered a subclass of sports like `` athletics '' ( aka `` track and field '' , in america ) or `` football '' ( soccer , gridiron , rugby , etc. 
  all fall in to this class ) are subclasses of sport . 
  have you tried turn based games like civ ? 
  to elaborate on kali 's comment , \u00e9 is used to form the past participle for many french verbs . 
  * manger : to eat, 
  \u00e9 is used on er verbs ( like manger ) . 
  also used is i on ir verbs ( choisir ) and u on re verbs ( perdre ) . 
  like in english , the past participle can be used as an adjective . 
  `` une pomme mang\u00e9e '' is `` an eaten apple '' ( the last unaccented e is just so it 's feminine to agree with the noun ) , `` un ballon perdu '' is `` a lost ball '' . 
  i dunno , but i do know that by not allowing more options , they 're shooting themselves in the foot . 
  most tabletop gamers are not video streamers and have no reason to want a twitch account . 
  i know that nobody i know will be signing up for this until they stop trying to shove a video streaming service down our throats with it . 
  whoops . 
  i should know that . 
  cheers . 
   no-one ever uses the other buttons anyway . 
  my most frequent button is `` auto-reheat '' , because it works out roughly the right amount of time and heats the thing well , if i 'm reheating leftovers . 
  not sure how , probably based on weight . 
  that 's pretty bullshit over reaching . 
  it 's unenforceable , and i 'm sure they know it , but if it were able to be enforced , it 'd be a massive overreach . 
  ca n't stream a part of the service ? 
  that means simply using it during a live stream is probably technically against tos . 
  i do n't see anything there that makes using alternative clients banned . 
  * making * them , sure , but not using one that someone else made . 
  as was explained in previous threads , this is a terrible system . 
  it aims to do some interesting and theoretically beneficial things , but it does them in a terrible way . 
  it is just ** bad ** . 
  some people might like what it tries to offer . 
  some might not . 
  that 's just a matter of taste . 
  but what is undeniable is that this implementation of the idea is straight up bad . 
  * it 's obviously going to slow down combat a lot . 
  that 's a given with any system of this sort . 
  but it slows things down way more than necessary through the use of a bunch of different dice rather than static modifiers to a single roll . 
  * it messes with a heap of basic abilities in the game like jack of all trades and bardic inspiration , as well as spells like * guidance * , by making it no longer an ability check . 
  * it penalises some of the characters meant to go fastest , like rogues and rangers , since moving and attacking with two weapons becomes necessarily slower by a substantial amount than just standing there tanking . 
  * it worst of all , it makes movement have a cost . 
  this means that if you planned to attack someone next to you , and they de idea to move away first , you now have literally no option but to stand there looking like an idiot . 
  this is unfun from a gameplay perspective , and unrealistic from a flavour one , since following after an opponent who is backing away is in reality a completely instinctual manoeuvre , and not one which needs to be planned ahead . 
  a round-by-round system which makes slower actions more likely to come later than faster ones can be implemented very simply . 
  make things have a cost which is a static number of points . 
  add or subtract those from a standard initiative roll at the start of each round . 
  make sure movement has zero cost . 
  the angry dm has a good system somewhere on his site , i believe . 
  considering they are n't interested in fixing the most persistent and important criticism with the current system , i find it hard to have any faith in the beta as a whole . 
  the four horsemen of technology have been described as amazon , apple , facebook , and google . 
  that does look pretty impressive . 
  hahahaha . 
  yeah , his verbosity can be a bit tough some times . 
  but it 's also really useful for explaining why he did something a certain why . 
  in this case , can * he * explain it in two tweets ? 
  not a chance . 
  but could it be explained in two tweets ? 
  probably . 
  rabbits too ? 
  i thought rabbits were illegal as pets . 
  an ability check is roll a d20 , add ( or possibly subtract ) your ability score modifier , and maybe add your proficiency score ( possibly a multiple of your proficiency instead ) if you are proficient in it . 
  for example , trying to force open a door with your body might be a strength ( athletics ) check . 
  you roll a d20 , add your strength modifier , and if you have proficiency in strength , you also add your proficiency modifier . 
  at level 1 with a strength score of 16 , that means d20 +3 of you are not proficient , and d20 +5 if you are proficient in athletics . 
  sometimes you might use something other than a skill . 
  for example , picking a lock will usually be a dexterity ( thief 's tools ) check . 
  this means you roll a d20 , add your dex , and if you are proficient with thief 's tools , you add proficiency as well . 
  in this case , you also need to actually have access to thief 's tools to be able to even try . 
  sometimes it might not have proficiency involved at all . 
  initiative is a dexterity ability check , so it 's just roll a d20 and add your dex mod . 
  there are some abilities that use a multiple of your proficiency .
