  the model they got came in two forms , one smart , one not . 
  the dumb version was about 2 million dong cheaper . 
  it 's a panasonic around 115 cm . 
  could have gotten larger , but it would n't have fit where they wanted to put it . 
  that 's what i did . 
  no a pi , but a htpc running plex . 
  took some work on my part to get it set up nicely , but now it 's working perfectly that even my technologically incompetent parents can use it no trouble . 
  just in case you ever feel like slipping back into it , or if you just want some nice confirmation of your decision , [ take a look at this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sabl2wy1uzo ) , and read the links in the description . 
  they really are an absolutely despicable company . 
  my attitude is simple . 
  i do n't mind samsung 's products . 
  they make pretty good hardware . 
  but i refuse to buy anything * branded * samsung . 
  no phones , tablets , tvs , laptops , etc. 
  they 're a despicable company that frequently goes out of their way to be anti-consumer when it comes to their business decisions , but that really only applies to their consumer-facing products . 
  the stuff that they sell to other companies that goes * inside * their products is , to me , untainted . 
  how far along was the show when you discovered it ? 
  if you did n't start watching until season 4 ... wowee . 
  i think the fastest i 've ever watched a show was chuck . 
  watched all 5 seasons of it in 7 or 8 days . 
  my high school was on windows 2000 in 2008 . 
  so it 's entirely possible his story checks out . 
  google 's translations are easily good enough 90 % of the time that you can understand what they 're saying if you 're going from a foreign language into your own language . 
  it 's not so great at going the other way if you 're trying to do foreign language homework or whatever and not get caught , but people generally understand their own language well enough that a one-way translation to it is good enough . 
  thanks pedant . 
  `` the community of this site [ and , in particular , this subreddit ] is largely english-speaking '' is both what he meant , and what any reasonable interpretation of his comment would see . 
  i really want to see the shardmind race from 4e 's player 's handbook 3 , along with psionics . 
  they 're just so awesome flavour-wise to play . 
  nah man , i figured the same thing . 
  my comment was meant light-heartedly . 
  yeah got ta be honest , i 'm mainly only here for the self post discussions . 
  i do n't even mind the ones asking for help about basic stuff all that much , and people giving away resources for others to use ( maps they 've drawn being the chief example ) is great in my opinion . 
  it 's just the images of a book someone bought that get to me . 
  i imagine nz is even more like that than australia is . 
  anyone got a youtube mirror ? 
  this one 's only playing audio over a static thumbnail for me . 
  i believe the problem is that many people are claiming that even on the my subscriptions page , youtube sometimes does n't show you all your subscriptions . 
  oh , fair enough . 
  i had assumed that math1051 was a requirement for bsc . 
  ( and hence , math1050 or maths c are more or less required as prerequisites to that . ), 
  but yeah , it seems that assumption was wrong . 
  so , i 'm not in favour of outright banning smoking ( though i * am * in favour of all the actions the australian government has taken thus far in order to reduce or discourage smoking ) . 
  people should be able to choose what they put in their body . 
  but this is a false equivalence . 
  cars , fossil fuels , driving , and especially walking and breathing ( come on ... you ca n't expect people to take you even a little bit seriously with the inclusion of those ... ) all have very definite and obvious benefits both on the personal level and the societal level . 
  yes , they also have drawbacks , but they are fundamentally useful . 
  smoking does not . 
  but neither , i hear you say , does alcohol . 
  the difference with alcohol is that one person drinking does not directly affect those around him . 
  if i 'm next to a smoker , i 'm * going * to be breathing in their second hand smoke , there 's no equivalent with alcohol . 
  to quote the `` note on the text '' from my single-volume copy of the lord of the rings :, 
   the lord of the rings is often erroneously called a trilogy , when it is in fact a single novel , consisting of six books plus appendices , sometimes published in three volumes . 
  i feel dumb for thinking he was referring to the ink on the page ... 
  i feel like the movie of the hobbit should have been a trilogy , but each of the movies in it should have been normal movie length , rather than mega 3 + hour long epics . 
  either that , or just * two * of the huge movies . 
  the hobbit as a book was really fucking fast paced . 
  it 's about the size of one of the 6 books in the lord of the rings , but the amount of content packed into it is so much more than one of the books in the lord of the rings . 
  add to that all the stuff with the white council , the necromancer , radagast , etc. , which was awesome and helped tie it in to the greater universe so much better , and it 's easy to see 3 normal movies or two huge ones . 
  the problem was that a few of the scenes just dragged on * waaaay * too long . 
  just a couple that i can remember off the top of my head : escaping the goblin cave , escaping erebor with smaug , the barrel riding ( which was a terrible scene for many more reasons than just its length ) , and radagast 's bunny sledding ( this one could have been cut to just the start and end of it , no need to show us the chase at all ) . 
  this is the only subreddit for a show that 's finished that i subscribe to ( and is active in any real capacity ) . 
  most subreddits go to shit after they 've finished , but for whatever reason , this one 's just a great place . 
  it has a lot of events and scenes that are not described in very much detail . 
  contrast it to the lord of the rings , where you have pages and pages of description and poems and other lore ( which is fantastic , and i love it for that , but it does mean the pacing is going to be different ) . 
  heck , even other novels adapted into films like harry potter have more description and `` fluff text '' than the hobbit does . 
  it 'd be much nicer if they could go up to at least 6 players . 
  heck , the official recommended size is 4 ** -- 5 ** . 
  if the max is 4 , then this does n't even support all parties that are within the recommended ideal for the tabletop version of the game . 
  i ca n't imagine it being an especially demanding game . 
  you presumably already have * some * sort of computer , and i would n't be surprised if you 'll be able to play this with it , if the computer is at least moderately specced . 
  this is how i feel at restaurants when i order pancakes and get cr\u00eapes . 
  you 're correct . 
  in australia , jelly is the name given to a gellatin-based dessert . 
  it was just ... so bad . 
  both as an artistic choice , and from its technical execution . 
  having the chase scene at all ruined the brilliant simple genius of escaping secretly in the barrels . 
  and the cinematography there was just utter crap . 
  quite a few of the shots were so obviously done on gopros ( or similar ) that i was actually cringing in the cinema when i first watched it . 
  so , this is slightly tangential to the point you 're making , but i feel it 's worth bringing up . 
  i do n't think `` lgbt '' is a particularly useful initialism any more . 
  people keep adding more and more letters on to it . 
  i remember a while back it was usually just `` lgb '' , and recently i 've been seeing things like `` lgbtqi '' pop up frequently . 
  that many letters just gets ridiculous . 
  instead of trying to have a single initialism that specfically names every possible minority sex/sexuality/gender out there , we should use a single term that encompasses all of them . 
  gsm : gender and sexual minority . 
  i recognise some of these places from young justice . 
  but i 'm a tad confused . 
  are apokalypse and new genesis on alternate planes or something ? 
  i had always just thought they were other planets elsewhere in the galaxy ... 
  that 's a good point . 
  is there a way to get this on any android phone ? 
  mine only does it from the home screen or google now , not when other apps are open . 
   this would grant all tabs the permission to listen in on you . 
  no it would n't . 
  it 'd be permitting the browser to listen in at any time . 
  admittedly , some people may have a problem with that ( i personally do n't ) , but it 's very different from allowing individual tabs to listen . 
  unless it 's news that netflix will have breaking bad in australia , i ca n't imagine why anyone in this sub would need to have a poet about the show . 
  from a policy perspective , the gillard government was incredibly successful . 
  they were merely unsuccessful in communicating what they were doing with the public , and refuting the lies perpetrated by the lnp and the media about what it is they were doing . 
  it could just be changed such that the defendant gets their representation played for by the plaintiff if they win , but not vice versa .
