  i 'm not saying we should , just pointing out that it is `` plain scientifically false '' is incorrect . 
  we also do n't teach about how to draw paintings in science class . 
  it 's unrelated information , but it 's not patently false . 
  yeah fair enough . 
  everyone has different taste in comedy ( as in any form of entertainment , i guess ) . 
  i find personally the majority of american stand up comedians i come across i do n't like all that much . 
  ( though there certainly are some brilliant ones . ), 
  dat set notation, 
  jerk move was not letting him straight to the front of the line when his mum showed up . 
  as though he did n't exit the line , merely let a heap of people go in front of him . 
  man i 'm surprised the internet did n't point the parent towards games like gta and its like . 
  my understanding was that the policy in the uk ( at least regarding alcohol ) was ` challenge 21 ' . 
  i.e. , you challenge anyone who you think looks 21 or younger . 
  still better than aus . 
  ah , thanks for the clarification . 
  i thought it was some bizarre amount of australians/new zealanders taking this . 
  although even then , why a day of remembrance would be one 's `` favourite '' day is bizarre . 
  can confirm , red dot is south here . 
  baader-meinhof in action . 
  i just saw [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v98cpxnisk ) yesterday ... 
  nope , that 's me too . 
  i regularly had teachers ask me what i was confused about in high school , when i was following the material just fine . 
  i 'm not a smoker , and i 'm a * strong * supporter of anti-smoking regulations : no smoking in public spaces , no advertising , plain packaging . 
  this is too far . 
  what someone does in their own home ( assuming no kids are around ) in their own time is their business , and they should be allowed to do it . 
  the government should n't be regulating what you can do when it does n't affect others . 
  just make sure you do n't fucking spit on anything in singapore . 
  oh , and you ca n't chew gum unless it 's a prescribed treatment , and male-male sex can be punished with up to two years in gaol . 
  porn is also illegal , and walking around your own house naked is technically classed as pornography . 
  seriously , singapore is not the country to turn to when discussing overly zealous invasions into people 's private lives by government . 
  not that this decreases the point you 're trying to make . 
  we definitely are over regulated in many , many ways . 
  is there any way you can prove that this is you ? 
  assuming you are , could i ask genuinely what strategic communication is ? 
  which faculty and school does it fall under at uq ? 
  yep , it should be [ here ] ( http://theconversation.com/au ) . 
  or [ here ] ( http://theconversation.com/nbn-petition-and-the-backlash-when-does-democracy-speak-18178 ) for the actual article . 
  i ca n't think of anything , but it might help if you mentioned which city ( ies ) you 're going to . 
  edit : it also is n't a good idea to post at 1:50 am on the east coast . 
  most people are asleep . 
  there you go, 
  i googled pastie ( pronounced like paste and the letter e ) just today hoping to find pastie.org ( the url for which i could n't remember ) . 
  the site i wanted was the first result , but over the side in the related results . 
  no thanks . 
  the senate has nothing to do with who gets into the house of reps. 
  well well north . 
  sunshine coast north . 
  similarly , only because you disagree with the comment does n't mean it is n't constructive . 
  it was n't even a particularly bad comment , mostly just conveying his dislike for it . 
  not necessarily you specifically , but the 7 people who downvoted him so far . 
  i say g ` day a fair bit , and i have frequently been asked if i 'm english based on my accent . 
  it 's not a big over-the-top thing , just a casual hello . 
  if you 're in brisbane , the translink app ( [ android ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=translinkqld.activities&amp;hl=en ) , could n't find an ios app ... ) is amazing . 
  and get a gocard , it 'll make everything much less of a hassle than buying tickets every time you get on a bus or train . 
  it also gets you a slightly cheaper price . 
  head-face-neck-chest-back-stomach-groin-arse-thigh-knee-shin-foot-sphere-and-also-hand-and-arm-if-you-are-goalie-or-throwing-it-in -- sphere-like-shape . 
  ftfy, 
  i 'd like to take your argument and alter it slightly . 
  they are * all * real football . 
  soccer , afl , the rugby codes , gridiron , gaelic football , and many more besides . 
  football is a type of sport encompassing a wide array of specific disciplines . 
  can confirm . 
  that is illegal under most circumstances in queensland . 
  did you just use effect as a verb , * correctly *, 
  kudos to you , good sir . 
  software engineering : because computer science did n't have enough maths . 
  ca n't speak for where you are , but not at my uni . 
  i was debating computer science or software engineering , and part of my research involved what courses are involved . 
  both share a discrete maths course , but the soft-eng has `` linear algebra and calculus '' , `` multi-variate calculus '' , and something statistics related . 
  computer science did n't have any more than that one . 
  it really does depend on the uni , but at at mine the choice was between software engineering and computer science . 
  i went with softeng because it seemed ( from my research ) a far more in-demand and rigorous degree , although it 's also a lot more difficult . 
  for example , i 'm currently taking a multivariate calculus course that computer scientists never go near . 
  hi , please tell this to tony abbott . 
  thanks , australia . 
  i prefer to round to orders of magnitude . 
   oh , all the hard work is to get this into complex exponential, 
  any decent calculator can convert between polar and rectangular form of complex numbers . 
  really good ones will even make it super easy to do calculations on them . 
  i 'm half way through my second semester of software engineering and loving it !, 
  ( best part is , at my uni , software engineers do one less major maths course than all other engineers . 
  so suck it electrical ! ), 
  huh , four hours and no one 's corrected you . 
  surprising . 
  the expression is per se . 
  whoa , this thread just got self-referential . 
  not to mention the cubed-squared law . 
  not maths . 
  my university , the place that 's running the [ world 's longest lasting laboratory experiment ] ( http://smp.uq.edu.au/content/pitch-drop-experiment ) recently had the professor in charge of said experiment die aged 78 . 
  he was still working up until the week he died . 
  no you misunderstand . 
  he has a very large house , but it 's also completely understandable . 
  i do n't know why , but it took me until i was this far down the thread to realise that we were talking about california . 
  for some reason i just thought it said canada . 
  it 's more of an argument ad absurdum than a slipper slope , but equally silly either way . 
  the point is n't that signing another petition is too much work for him , or for you , or for me . 
  it 's that taking the realistic stance , we * are n't * going to get as much attention with another petition as we did with the previous one . 
  it would be great if we could , but it just wo n't happen . 
  ah , fair point . 
  i can definitely see that it would be an instrument you 'd get teased for .
