  to be honest , i thought the movie was pretty terrible , actually ... 
  well sure , but i 'm sure that if you 're only allowed to count it if it 's * officially stated * , then the original lion king would n't be based on hamlet , either . 
  the interpretation of viewers is all we 've got to go on , and if quite a few people see the parallels between it and r&d are dead , that 's the best we 're gon na get . 
  i have n't read the books , but the movies are probably some of my favourite animated films ever . 
  certainly in my top 5 of the 2010s . 
  and i loved the tv show , too . 
  that said , i 'm curious if you 've heard how they plan to end the third movie ? 
  i accidentally read something somewhere that had * massive * spoilers for anyone that has n't read the books . 
  to avoid spoiling anyone else , i 'll just say that they want to end it exactly how the first of the books opened . 
  yeah i always thought it was a really popular film . 
  i mean , they made a tv show out of it that ran for quite a while . 
  i remember the film being really big when it came out , and everyone i went to school with both at the time and much later on had seen it ... 
  i was in australia when it came out , and then later on was in eastern asia . 
  maybe it just was n't popular in america ? 
  this makes me sad that the entire time i was in peru on holiday i never once even * thought * of emperor 's new groove . 
  i 'm curious , where are you from ? 
  i 've seen quite a few people from various places that are n't the states saying it was popular . 
  i kinda suspect that maybe they did a better job of marketing it around the rest of the world . 
  people who were 3 when it came out will be legally drinking later this year . 
  is n't the thread up really early today ? 
  ( or should i say tomorrow ? ), 
  it 's still the 29th ... 
   a bit back channel 9 did a dick move and put it live to air with sound and a camera up close , then had the balls to say `` we did n't know . '', 
  i love a good channel 9 bashing session , but i 'm really confused about what they did wrong there ? 
  the players in a game they 're covering are celebrating a victory , and they showed those celebrations . 
  i do n't really see anything wrong with that , unless the description of how exactly they did it was misleading or lacking in some way . 
  i still do n't really see the problem with it . 
  it 's not like they were trying to be subtle . 
  they were out in a field being watched by thousands of people , and they 're shouting pretty damn loudly . 
  if they were broadcasting from the dressing room or whatever , that would be a very different story . 
  regarding the park view miss thing , i have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  why is he saying that to the teacher ? 
  laff seems like it would have the same short a as in `` taffy '' , rather than the long a that is used in `` laugh '' , though . 
  well of course . 
  but the point is that they have absolutely zero reasonable expectation of privacy while they 're on the field . 
  they 've got no right to be upset that their actions on the field during a televised event would be televised . 
  well there goes that theory . 
  could have been different in different parts of the country , i guess ... who knows . 
  wait , so your `` laugh '' is like `` lap '' but swapping the p for an f ? 
  man that 's weeeeeird ... , 
  what if you kill it some other way ? 
  ( thinking of us house of cards first episode , first few minutes . ), 
  oh god why . 
  using turnitin for code is just a terrible idea . 
  it 's never going to produce good results . 
  they really should be using some dedicated code similarity analyser , and have you submit the source code files , not add them to a god damn pdf ... 
  haha whoops . 
  guess autocorrect did n't like my shorthand . 
  could someone provide a brief explanation of what exactly skylanders are for me ? 
  i know exactly two things about them . 
  one is that the spyro brand got associated with them at some point ( which i know from reading the spyro wikipedia page in a fit of nostalgia ) . 
  the other is that `` elements '' are involved in some way ( which i inferred from a comment in this comment section ) . 
  ah right , good point . 
  i was looking at it from a different perspective , thinking that the * players * were upset at channel 9 showing them in a bad light ( e : which i believed they had no right to be upset about ) . 
  but if the problem was with the deliberate broadcasting of content that is n't allowed to be broadcast ( although i would argue that fuck those rules , they 're dumb anyway ) , that 's very different . 
  yeah , 9 should n't have done that under the current broadcasting rules . 
   how are you not getting this ? 
  maybe because you never previously said what the * reason * that it was a bad thing was ? 
  here 's a novel idea , do n't be a prick . 
  you made a good point , but by god you were rude about it . 
  turnitin would be a * terrible * way of assessing if people had cheated in a programming assignment . 
  it 's looking for similar strings , so something as simple as ` for ( int i = 0 ; i < array.length ; i + + ) { ` is going to get caught by a * lot * of people if they 've given their array a similar name ( which , in the same assignment , it 's likely quite a few people will have ) . 
  meanwhile , simply changing the way you use white space and changing the names of variables will easily fool it . 
  to detect plagiarism in coding assignments , it 's necessary to use a tool specifically designed for this . 
  something that looks at the * semantics * of the code itself , rather than the written text on the page . 
  you should really be keeping spoilers like that out of the title of your post . 
  i only know about it because there was another post previously that was badly spoiler tagged just like this one . 
  it 's certainly not an open knowledge thing like the earlier crossover ( episode 8 , i think ? ), 
  was . 
  it 's really a very simple rule . 
  do n't put fucking spoilers in the title . 
  it 's a douche move for those of us that want to watch the show and be surprised by what happens without having it ruined by people who ca n't be bothered to spoiler tag correctly . 
  the security now !, 
  podcast did a really good in-depth episode discussing lastpass . 
  it 's on youtube if you want to go looking for it . 
  just search `` security now last pass '' or something like that . 
  i 'd link it for you , but i 'm on mobile so it 's tricky . 
  forget * minimum * password lengths . 
  what really annoys me is * maximum * lengths . 
  my ** bank ** of all places has an 8 character maximum . 
  oh , and no special characters . 
  alphanumerics only . 
  that said , like 3 bad attempts and you 're locked out until you can verify yourself out-of-band , so that 's nice . 
  i just hope the reason for the password limit is to minimise the amount of dealing with forgetful customers , rather than something more serious , like a fixed-size plaintext password field in the database . 
  person 1 :, 
  blond , broad shouldered , sharp face . 
  person 2 :, 
  dark haired , short , soft features . 
  we 've got 2 of the three features here that are kinda mutually exclusive . 
  not sure how you 'd handle it in that case , and it seems pretty likely to happen . 
  7 days ago , what are you on about ? 
  it 's been autumn for 30 days ... 
  yeah that 's weird , too . 
  at least in the case of cards you as a consumer know you 're completely indemnified against any loss . 
  plus for phone banking and using my bank 's mobile app i only need to enter a 4-digit pin , too . 
  that seems a much greater risk . 
  you using a mouse or trackpad ? 
  because if i were using a muse regularly it would be so annoying . 
  but in the trackpad it really just is so much more natural . 
  i was assuming ga is short for some airline 's name .
