  plus , jewellery often has sentimental value , being passed down through families and such , or given as a gift for special occasions . 
  it also has monetary value for theives . 
  lastpass does all that , too , and it 's completely free for normal usage ( you can pay $ 1 per month , i think it is , for some extra features , like access to the mobile app ) . 
  iirc in the fortuneteller aang was airbending to fly around among the clouds , but the actual rearranging of the clouds was waterbending . 
  it 's widely believed , though never explicitly stated , that `` vacuumbending '' is what monk gyatso did right before he died , to take out a dozen or so fire nation soldiers with him . 
  but will soon start using google . 
  same with australia . 
  plus , they 're constantly telling me that stuff is a certain price , and if you pay over x amount , shipping is free !, 
  but when i go to check out , they 're like , nope , psych !, 
  it 's only free if you 're in the us !, 
  this despite me being logged in to my australian-based account , with my shipping address already registered as being in australia . 
  fuck amazon . 
  most big american tech companies have this annoyingly us-centric mindset ( google is another particularly bad one , but i love google ... ) , but amazon takes it to a whole new level . 
  it might just be because i 've never gone looking for that information , but i 'm like 90 % sure that i 've never had an option for which aircraft my flights would be on ... 
  that 's interesting , because while i 've never seen what aircraft i 'd be on while booking , if i did , i would always choose the smaller plane . 
  smaller means less people , means less time waiting for people to board , disembark , pick up luggage , and get through immigration . 
  no u in qantas . 
  it started out as an acronym ( for queensland and northern territory air service ) . 
  i use ubuntu , and even as a highly technically capable user , i had trouble doing simple things like installing google chrome , dropbox , and skype . 
  once it 's up and running it 's alright , but holy shit getting it to work well for really basic common tasks is difficult . 
  love it for the bash terminal and complete customisability , but for usability it 's still years behind windows and os x. 
  thanks , stallman . 
  google does n't sell the data they collect . 
  to do so would vastly decrease its value to them . 
  the value is that everyone has to come to * them * to * use * all that data . 
  what they do is go to advertisers and say `` we will show ads to any demographic you want , no matter how specific '' . 
  coke has a quirky new ad they want to show to women aged 13-24 from east coast usa who like harry potter , pok\u00e9mon , and social justice ? 
  google 's got you covered . 
  but coke never actually gets the information itself . 
  regarding samsung , you might be interested in [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sabl2wy1uzo ) . 
  they 're a pretty damn despicable company , really ... 
  yeah sorry , i was n't clear . 
  i do n't ever recall even seeing that information when booking . 
  that does n't * necessarily * mean it was n't there somewhere in the fine print , because i 've never really gone * looking * for it , but i do suspect that at the airlines i mostly deal with do n't give that kind of information out . 
  yeah , the only thing i really use linux for is running my personal web server . 
  for that it 's bloody perfect . 
  but as a daily driver ? 
  fuck no . 
  apple tends to support their stuff way longer than android manufacturers do . 
  i 'm a nexus user , and i absolutely love the experience . 
  being the first to get updates , and getting updates * way * longer than most other android phones do . 
  but even so , my nexus 4 is n't getting marshmallow . 
  the iphone 5 , released earlier the same year the nexus 4 was , is still getting updates , and is currently on the latest version of ios 9 . 
  fucking hell that 's annoying . 
  i actually * want * to upgrade to windows 10 , and i 've had that pop up thing for months telling me i 'll get it when it 's ready . 
  but they still have n't pushed it out to me . 
  it 's pretty old and tired , but does meet the technical requirements as far as i 've seen . 
  * 3.16 ghz dual core intel core 2 duo e8500, 
  * nvidia geforce 9800 gt, 
  * heaps and heaps of hard drive space . 
  it was a good machine when i bought it , but it 's really old and outdated now . 
  i had to flash an update to the firmware for the motherboard to get the upgrade from windows xp to windows 8 to work last year when xp support ended . 
  i was mainly hoping to wait for them to roll it out to me just for convenience 's sake , but it 's been so long now i might as well do it myself . 
  cheers for the link !, 
  8 days `` install windows 10 with this '', 
  the phrase is actual `` nants ingonama bagithi baba '' . 
  the breathy chanting that comes after that is `` sithi uhm ingonyama '' . 
   ctrl + c ( and a bunch of others ) are control sequences from way back . 
  so changing them would probably infuriate most users . 
  this is one thing i love about using the terminal on os x. 
  because the os-wide copy-paste shortcuts use the command key , rather than ctrl , you can easily copy and paste to and from the terminal exactly as you normally would , and the control sequences also work perfectly . 
  there are apps for that . 
  but the built-in camera app will attempt to get as sharp an image as possible , so it probably wo n't do a great job . 
  the software centre is absolute crap . 
  it just fails to work properly at all . 
  and for what it 's worth , neither chrome nor skype are even * in * the software centre . 
  i ended up going through the command line to get chrome to work , and i gave up on skype entirely . 
  i ca n't remember how i did it , but i did eventually get dropbox working . 
  yeah i wanted the full google chrome , not the open source chromium version . 
  i 'm aware that chromium is available in the software centre , but that 's not what i was after . 
  i do n't know how it was difficult , but somehow ubuntu managed to make it so . 
  chrome is n't in the software centre . 
  chromium is , but i wanted the full google version of the browser . 
  downloading the file from google 's website basically made it try to launch in a non-public repository within the software centre , but for whatever reason , this failed to actually work . 
  eventually i got it to install , but i do n't remember how . 
  it may have been using ` apt-get ` . 
  honestly i 'm at a point with ubuntu where i just refuse to install anything unless it 's through ` apt-get ` . 
  the gui tools are just crap . 
  and that 's why ubuntu is absolutely not good enough for the average person to use . 
  the average person is n't going to use the terminal to install their software . 
  oh , how interesting . 
  they 're releasing these even now , so long after the main event finished . 
  i guess there 's still hope for those high res maps . 
  they 're on a little over $ 92,000 at the moment . 
  if they reach $ 100,000 , they 'll release a high res labelled map of the sword coast `` from amn to icewind dale , and the moonshae isles to the dalelands '' . 
  [ you can donate here ] ( http://www.extra-life.org/index.cfm?fuseaction=donordrive.team&amp;teamid=21011 ) if anyone is interested . 
  the money raised goes towards charity , specifically the children 's miracle network hospitals . 
  wait , you do ? 
  my party was wondering this during our last session . 
  we could n't find anything in raw that said you get advantage on smaller creatures at the time , but decided to give advantage anyway because it makes sense logically . 
  that 's why , if you cast it on yourself , you polymorph into something with a high constitution . 
  give yourself the best chance of staying in that form . 
  the lord of the rings and the hobbit will be public domain by 2044 ( life + 70 years being the largest copyright term to be found in most countries , and tolkien having died in 1973 ) . 
  the silmarillion and other works published posthumously by christopher might be more complicated , i 'm not really sure how it works in that case . 
  at the absolute latest , it might be 70 years after christopher 's death . 
  edit : the united kingdom is life + 70 years , so 2044 is when lotr and the hobbit will be pd there . 
  in the us it 's [ insanely complicated ] ( https://copyright.cornell.edu/resources/publicdomain.cfm ) , but by my reading , it should be 95 years after each was published initially . 
  so that would be 2032 for the hobbit and about 2050 for the lord of the rings . 
  the silmarillion was published in 1977 , * just * before the new copyright rules in the us took effect , which means it will be pd in the us 95 years after its publication , in 2072 . 
  any other christopher-published works which were published * after * 1978 become somewhat more complicated .
