  first episode . 
  wait you can pay for things via nfc using your phone ? 
  any idea what page to go to to set that up ? 
  i thought ( and based on feedback i 've seen from others online , most people thought ) that season 3 was really weak compared to the first two . 
  in that case , you should try watching the original ( uk ) version of it . 
  it 's 3 seasons of 4 episodes each . 
  well-written political drama all throughout . 
  within which app is that ? 
  searching the play store on my phone does n't show any official google apps related to google wallet ... 
  it 's not just one time , it was for ages . 
  the photo there is from the very first episode of the show , and the credits still listed him as dr. who for many episodes . 
  i dunno when they made the switch . 
  point is , it 's canon that the character 's official name is dr. who , even if in-show nobody actually calls him that . 
  nobody ever ( to my knowledge -- i 've only seen the first few episodes ) refers to the main character in breaking bad as `` breaking bad '' , and equally , none of the official material ( advertising , credits , etc. ), 
  actually uses that exact phrase as the name of a character . 
  not a remotely comparable situation . 
  do n't think `` droll '' is the word you meant to use there . 
  i know what you mean , it definitely * feels * like it should be a word that works here , but its meaning is actually the opposite of what you probably think it means . 
   curious or unusual in a way that provokes dry amusement, 
  god dammit . 
  why could n't they have at least used this week to catch the two shows up together , instead of having one running an episode ahead of the other ... 
   this app is incompatible with all of your devices . 
  god dammit , google . 
  and we 've had tap to pay here for nearly half a decade now ... would be the perfect place to have the technology available . 
  but thanks for the link . 
  that depends . 
  on the show , is there ever any indication that the character is also known as theodore ? 
  i know many people with names that * can * be short for other names actually are named that . 
  people legally called will ( not william ) , jim ( not james ) , and alex ( not alexander ) exist . 
  additionally , ted can be short for theodore , but also for edward . 
  basically , we do n't actually * know * the character 's name is theodore , so calling him that would be flat out wrong . 
  if we did , perhaps because of a single episode ( i do n't actually watch it , but i presume there 's a marriage at some point -- the presiding officer could perhaps have called him theodore ) , then no , it would not be wrong . 
  it * would * be incredibly unorthodox , but i already pointed that out in the case of doctor who . 
  i would n't recommend it , but if someone did say it , and someone else got mad at them , the person getting mad is the one who is wrong . 
   why not now ? 
  why do n't you list 2015 best mac ? 
  because i 'm looking for something very specifically that matches the computer i have . 
  that 's why . 
  but anyway , your entire section looking for a comparison is basically `` oh , what you 're asking for is n't actually what you should be asking for , so here 's a bunch of other stuff instead '' . 
  do n't deflect the question . 
  either answer it , or admit that you ca n't . 
   but i never ever considered trackpads when i was buying laptops, 
  what , do you just carry a mouse with you everywhere ? 
  because honestly , you claim not to be mocking * me * , but it seems more like you 're just admitting your own use case is absurdly limited . 
  i use my laptop on the go all the time , and carrying a mouse is impractical . 
  so having a good trackpad is important . 
  even ignoring that , the apple trackpad is , when doing casual stuff , * better * than a three button mouse . 
  when gaming or doing other precision stuff , a mouse is more important , and a mouse with 5 or 7 buttons beats the trackpad even for casual use . 
   the thing is that apple products are lincensed, 
  alright , this one comment alone is basically enough for me to dismiss everything you have to say about software . 
  you 're clearly demonstrating you do n't even have the faintest idea what the software environment is like on os x. 
  developing for os x is every bit as easy to do as on windows or linux . 
  there 's no need for any licence or anything unless you want to get into the mac app store . 
  os x is n't ios . 
   but still , windows has ton of similiar software for free . 
  i guarantee you there is literally every variant of macos software on windows, 
  nope . 
  there is literally nothing that comes close to fcp . 
  but you call vegas `` flat out professional software '' . 
  yeah ... if you 're using the term that loosely , then so is fcp . 
  it certainly is professional software , and many pros do use it . 
  it 's just not quite as handy as the avid or adobe software for really large scale projects . 
  it 's just that what fcp is * really * good for is prosumer stuff . 
  it 's more powerful than vegas is , and far , far , more intuitive . 
  i 'm sure you 've at least heard about how easy imovie is to use . 
  one can use fcp as imovie if one wants , but then has the ability to do professional level stuff as well . 
  but anyway , you clearly do n't care about facts . 
  you just want to sound fancy and talk about specs and shit . 
  if that 's what you enjoy , then you just keep on going with that . 
  have a good life . 
  i 'm done here . 
  commercial broadcast tv has a lot of problems , advertising is n't the only one . 
  but there 's an important difference . 
  broadcast tv is just that : broadcast . 
  it costs them no more if you go to the toilet during the ads , or if you record it and fast-forward through them . 
  even if you 're having your viewing recorded for statistical purposes , as far as their stats are concerned , watching it without the ads gets the same results as watching it with them . 
  the internet is different for the reasons described in other comments . 
  at this point , i ca n't be bothered any more just repeating the same points to deaf ears . 
  commercial broadcast tv has a lot of problems , advertising is n't the only one . 
  but there 's an important difference . 
  broadcast tv is just that : broadcast . 
  it costs them no more if you go to the toilet during the ads , or if you record it and fast-forward through them . 
  even if you 're having your viewing recorded for statistical purposes , as far as their stats are concerned , watching it without the ads gets the same results as watching it with them . 
  the internet is different for the reasons described in other comments . 
  at this point , i ca n't be bothered any more just repeating the same points to deaf ears . 
   with a low dc check, 
  with * no * dc check , you can jump up to your strength score if you move at least 10 feet on foot immediately before the jump . 
  dc 10 str ( athletics ) check if you need to clear a low obstacle during that jump . 
  age of ultron comes out 23rd april ( based on ads i 've seen irl ) . 
  the season 2 finale of agents of shield airs the 21st april ( based on a quick [ wikipedia search ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agents_of_s.h.i.e.l.d._%28season_2%29 ) ) . 
  so yes , the aos finale will have aired first . 
  edit : wait , made a mistake . 
  that wp page does n't list to the end of the season . 
  [ there are 22 episodes planned for the season ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_agents_of_s.h.i.e.l.d._episodes ) , but that page only listed up to episode 18 . 
  guess that means the movie will be released before the show finishes . 
   gmt is currently +1, 
  huh ? 
  no , gmt is always gmt . 
  it 's a term completely interchangeable with utc , and it does n't change . 
  it 's the fixed time by which communication around different time zones should occur .
