  yes , i definitely agree with that completely . 
  i have nothing against them collecting the data , but it would be even better if you could easily gain access to exactly what data it is they have . 
  i would like to say that it is acceptable in the case of self defense , but only in that case ( and only actual self defense , where your life could be at stake ) . 
   but i think its not the religion so much as just a venue of meeting new people . 
  to be honest that 's the impression i got from op , too . 
  i 'd say it 's a sentiment i agree with . 
   if you 're a christian your religion is supposed to weigh heavily in choosing a partner . 
  not really . 
  to be fair this is the impression reddit and other sources give me of a lot of christians in the us , but it really is n't the case for most christians i 've met . 
  all the questions with only yes or no answers should be , the age question should be , the first two questions ( when offensive behaviour is * most * practised and which of the two bothers you most ) should definitely be yes or no . 
  that 's 7 out of 11 , easily `` most of these questions '' . 
  i disagree . 
  verbal and emotional bullying can be just as bad as physical bullying , and in the long term are probably worse ( ignoring the fact that you ca n't really get physical bullying that does n't also come with some sort of emotional abuse ) . 
  whether cyberbullying is made illegal or not is irrelevant , though , i believe . 
  it should be treated no differently to real-world verbal and emotional bullying , whatever a particular country 's laws on that are should be the same as their laws on cyberbullying . 
   and if you are thinking of getting married , have fun faking religion for every second in your life and watch your offsprings getting fed the same lies you were told but you are completely powerless to even drop a hint or correct a mistake . 
  genuine question , what prevents one in that situation from dropping hints when no other adults are around ? 
  fair enough , but i 've found very few actually care about that very much . 
  it 's also the second comment on the video ( because replies by the uploader get put to the top ) . 
  see , all the reasoning points to the same decision . 
  clearly fighting duck-sized horses is the right answer . 
  off-topic , a couple of years back i went to the town where mahler had his summer composing house ( near klagenfurt , k\u00e4rnten , in austria ) . 
  it 's an amazingly beautiful area . 
  on-topic : i 'm really surprised that he had trouble hearing music , that gives me inspiration though , because i 'm not great at it myself !, 
  i can see why he thinks he over-orchestrated things in some cases , although i think that 's part of what we see as great about it today . 
  as a bassoonist , why not le sacre ? 
  rhapsody on a theme of paganini is one of the only pieces i already loved that i have actually got to see performed live !, 
  amazing bit of writing . 
  virtually all the pieces that i love :, 
  * any beethoven symphony ( i saw no. 5 when i was young , before i cared about classical music , but i hardly remember it , so i do n't count it ), 
  * beethoven piano sonatas nos . 
  * any clarinet concerto ( but particularly mozart , especially if it were on a basset clarinet ; weber ; brahms ; and copland ) . 
  i 'll add to that brahms ' or mozart 's quintet , and beethoven 's trio for piano , clarinet , and cello . 
  * rhapsody in blue, 
  * stravinsky 's firebird or le sacre du printemps ( the rite of spring ), 
  * a wide variety of rachmaninoff music, 
  * many , many , many more, 
  in fact , the only things i 've seen performed that i already loved were tchaikovsky 's 1812 overture , rachmaninov 's rhapsody on a theme of paganini , ravel 's orchestration of mussorgsky 's pictures at an exhibition ( which before that i had only ever listened to one or two pictures anyway ) , mozart 's requiem , and orff 's carmina burana ( which i previously had only listened to o fortuna ) . 
  you want to see your own pieces performed ? 
  and why do you refer to yourself in the third person . 
  since the guy who runs the site has disabled comments , i 'll leave my response to it here :, 
   an amazing fact about fine string instruments is they improve with age . 
  not true . 
  double blind tests have consistently shown people prefer the sound of a well-crafted modern instrument than even the greatest of old stradivarii . 
  still , if you were to accept that premise , i do think it makes a really nice analogy . 
  age of empires , and the age of empires series . 
  here 's the theme from the [ second game ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osuba0lskwq ) , my personal favourite , and here 's [ aoe 3 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iofnw6tz1dc ) , as well as its [ first ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sws_v721z0q ) ( north american style ) and [ second ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijtm-zs7hsy ) ( asian style ) expansions . 
  the rest of the soundtracks for all the games are also amazing , which i think sets it apart from many games which have good themes but poor in game music . 
  the civilization series has consistently used some amazing music from classical repertoire . 
  in its different games i 've heard ode to joy from beethoven 's 9th , chopin 's funeral march ( , and bizet 's prelude to carmen , among others that i ca n't remember right now . 
  it also has brilliant original compositions , like this amazing one titled [ field of poppies ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8weagssd58 ) . 
  you reminded me of one i left out of my list . 
  runescape ( another mmorpg ) had amazing music !, 
  dunno if it 's still good , i have n't played in ages , but i used to love its music !, 
  i 've always * hated * mechanical pencils , but i 've never thought of it as being a [ lefthanded problem ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/lefthandproblems ) . 
  to me it 's always just been because the mechanical pencils are thin and exposed , so they break easily . 
  a design problem . 
  mate , it seems pretty clear to me that you 're ambidextrous . 
  to be honest it 's not a three-option thing ( and definitely not a two-polar thing ) , it 's a spectrum . 
  i call myself ambidextrous because i bat right handed ( although if i were to hold a bat with one hand it would be my left hand crossed over the other side of my body ) , i 'm ok at writing right handed , i use scissors right handed , most two-sided sports i can do either way ( i.e. , sports where you have a side-on stance like boxing , surfing , and the like ) , apart from fencing where i am far more comfortable left-handed . 
  honestly , you call yourself whatever you like , it 's a spectrum and you clearly lie somewhere in the middle , so it 's up to you what label you want to take . 
  yeah , why was res right in the middle of the list ? 
  i 've another good one , currently in closed alpha . 
  to be fair , sugar is a carbohydrate . 
  no vitamins or minerals , or salt content . 
  i just said none , but ten that 's true , really , i do n't actually pay close attention to specific nutrition facts . 
  but that means if no one upvotes it , it does n't matter how many downvotes it gets , it does n't have any hate . 
  also , we hate on things with tonnes and tonnes of upvotes but very little downvotes . 
  i think you 'll find, 
  hate = 4downvote * 3upvote ^ -1, 
  i think anonymoushipopotamus has the right idea , a simple restructuring would fit it completely . 
  he could have simply said :, 
  couple this with the fact that the average american marine was much taller and more physically robust than the average north korean soldier , and that many north korean troops were told horror stories ( that the american troops were cannibals , for example ) , and you can imagine how scared he was . 
  in other words , put the bit about american marines ' physicality before any mention of horror stories . 
  yeah i know right ? 
  i literally can not think of any drink that has n't already been mentioned that would also be considered healthy in some way . 
  heck , the only non-alcoholic drink i can think of at all that have n't been mentioned are tea and coffee . 
  also tea . 
  in addition to problems others have mentioned :, 
  `` coke/pepsi sodas '' , my understanding is that `` soda '' is the american word for soft drink , but by putting coke/pepsi before it , that implies that he 's talking about cola drinks only . 
  that means lemonade drinks ( like sprite or 7up ) and other flavoured soft drinks ( fanta ) would n't be included . 
  there are 8 drinks , but 10 answers . 
  i guess that means not an ordered list of favourite to least favourite , but the wording of the question implies that 's what he wanted . 
  otherwise , headings are necessary : `` love it '' , `` really like it '' `` it 's nice '' , `` hate it '' , `` do n't care much about it either way '' , for example . 
  oh , and the answers to a person 's sociability should be neutral . 
  `` no , i 'm shy ... = . = '' is just terrible . 
  it should really be `` no , i 'm not very social '' . 
  will deliver ? 
  ah , touch\u00e9 , though i could counter-argue that it still is possible for that person to unupvote themself , it 's not common but i 'm pretty sure i 've seen it happen . 
  the lord of the rings and the hobbit ( and also the silmarillion ) are full of poems and songs that would make great music . 
  slightly off topic , the silmarillion , includes a creation story ( similar to creation myths of various religions throughout the ages : i 've seen it likened to the christian creation myth , but i do n't personally see how it 's any more similar to the christian one to any other random creation myth ) that is all about music ( the world is quite literally sung into existence ) , that i think would make a great piece of music : tolkien uses a lot of proper musical terminology , it 's really quite interesting . 
  again , this is off topic , not exactly what you 're looking for , but it 's something i thought i 'd put out there in case anyone else comes across this . 
  you might also want to ask this question in / r/composing , and maybe some poetry related subreddits , they might have some more good suggestions for you . 
  conversely , inside you do n't get wind chill but you do outside . 
  one decimetre cubed . 
   and could n't have cared less, 
  saying `` could have cared less '' actually means you did care , and therefore you 're stating the opposite of what you meant . 
  but i agree about halo , i 've not sen * anyone * criticise it . 
  i 've seen positive reviews from everywhere online i 've been , including here on reddit . 
  ( edit : i mean apart from this one thread . ),
