  tenzin 's father was aang . 
  so to parse the above sentence :, 
   jinora is running into a spirit who is not a fan of aang . 
  especially since his comments are now at +140 and +233 . 
  could you take a photo of the bit below this ? 
  i wan na see how they explain things !, 
  wait , so each letter was written correctly , and not flipped horizontally ? 
  man that 's weird ... 
  you do realise that op has a perfectly valid response to this , right ? 
  link to the bingo sheet ? 
  the brother posted it on facebook first . 
  because :, 
  1 ) comments were broken previously . 
  you want to actually have a conversation ? 
  nope !, 
  500 characters maximum !, 
  now , the comment limit is absolutely massive , and you can even format your comments with things like bold and italic . 
  2 ) the comment sections on youtube have long been the butt of many jokes . 
  why ? 
  because they 're absolutely awful shitfests . 
  this new update gives both the community and the channels more power to help create better comments . 
  if you want people to be able to reply to your comments and vote on them , you need to have a g + account tied to your real name . 
  you know what that does ? 
  it removes the anonymity , and all the shit heads who think they can get away with things because they 're anonymous go with it . 
  the community can upvote useful comments and downvote those that are n't , and the up and downvotes actually * mean * something , by pushing the bad comments to the bottom and letting the good ones be more visible . 
  inline replies also mean that conversations on a single topic can be grouped together and everyone can see what else has been said , rather than one person making a comment and receiving a bunch of replies stating the same thing , and then the first person has to reply to each of these people individually , stating the same thing . 
  the channel owner can also automatically filter out words that are typically associated with low quality comments , giving them more power to shape the community for the better . 
  so yeah , the google + integration to youtube is n't a way to `` make google + happen '' ( by the way , it 's * already * going very well in its own right , just because it 's not the same scale as facebook does n't mean it 's not going strong ) , it 's a way to save youtube from its own shitty comment system . 
   for those in oz, 
  `` unfortunately this product is not yet available in your region '', 
  huh ? 
  did you not get that error ? 
  urgh , not available in my region - . -, 
  oh god ... 
  please tell me paypal at least gave the seller back their money for that after the outcry . 
  damn , you got in * really * quick . 
  you know what was scandalous about that ? 
  the admins ** never communicated in in any way ** . 
  i 've since seen evidence that , indeed , they were probably correct in what they did , but they themselves never actually released the information . 
  it goes completely against the usual ideals of reddit , about openness and freedom etc. 
  they just unilaterally blocked a site without any real explanation . 
  they left it up to mods of a few large subreddits to explain what happened . 
  we never got an official announcement . 
  cheers, 
  can anyone give this to me in utc so those of us who are outside the us can know when to expect torrents to start appearing ? 
  cheers !, 
   second , i just noticed today that youtube removed the ability to sort comments by `` thread '' instead of `` most recent first '' . 
  fucking annoying because i ca n't tell who anyone is responding to . 
  this is just stupid . 
  are you serious here ? 
  the new update is * all about * making it easier to find who people are responding to . 
  if you actually bothered looking at the update , you 'd see that the biggest new feature of it is the inline conversations . 
  i prefer ad block . 
  instead of being a dick by default ( ads on all sites except those i allow ) i 'm a dick only on sites that first prove they are being a dick by turning off ads specifically on sites with intrusive ads . 
  my understating was that the two are the same thing in comic lore . 
  that it was called one thing , and then got renamed to the other thing . 
  they 're quite the opposite , really . 
  free speech is what enables us to criticise . 
  ah cheers . 
  i second that motion !, 
  as / u/dr _ destructo28 said , it 's in avatar extras . 
   avatar trivia : the writers almost did an episode based on the idea that momo was the reincarnated monk gyatso . 
  other story ideas that did n't make the cut include : learning about aang 's parents , and an entire episode where sokka and aang are handcuffed together . 
  is the exact quote , and you can see a list of all the avatar extras ( they were little text tidbits that popped up over the screen while the show was playing ) [ here ] ( http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/avatar_extras_ ( book_one : _ water \\ ) ) . 
  i 've seen this theory all over the place , but i just do n't buy it . 
  it does n't fit to me that vaatu would want to merge with someone in that way . 
  he 'd be far too arrogant for it . 
  side note : i did n't realise you were a fan of this show as well as being a lord of the rings aficionado ( which is what i have you res tagged as , from a while back ) . 
  two episodes next week , two episodes the following week . 
  that 's 1 hour in front of the television ( if you 're watching it live ) , 40 minutes of actual show next week , 1 hour in front of the television ( if you 're watching it live ) , 40 minutes of actual show the following week . 
  todd ? 
  i 've seen a lot of people saying that in this thread . 
  where was it shown that this was the case in the episode ? 
  unfortunately the policy with spoilers now is that it 's perfectly ok to put spoilers in the title , since the subreddit style blocks out the title unless you hover over it . 
  it 's an absolute bullshit policy , because, 
  a ) it makes the damn subreddit unreadable once you 've caught up and do n't mind about spoilers, 
  b ) most people probably come across these things in their main feed anyway , where the subreddit style is n't going to block things, 
  i think they need to get rid of this stupid title blocking thing and just force people to not put spoilers in the damn title . 
  but i just ca n't see * why * he would do that . 
  yeah that 's cool , just put a massive fucking spoiler right in the title of the post . 
  no biggy , not like people could ever run into that by accident . 
  it 's the very first ( two ) frame ( s ) actually , and [ i 'll let you make up your mind who it is ] ( http://imgur.com/4vqz1wd ) . 
  uhh ... what is that , exactly ? 
   i would n't put it completely outside the realm of possibility for him to be capable of learning the other forms of bending as well, 
  i would . 
  the avatar did n't learn to bend all four elements because of raava , he learnt because lion turtles representing all four elements gave him the power . 
  all raava did was hold them because he could n't use all four at once . 
  that said , i do rather like the argument of greater versatility , that does make some sense . 
  ah , right . 
  i never really bothered seeing that , as it looked pretty generic . 
  would you recommend otherwise ? 
  what , really ? 
  i have n't seen anything that would imply that the two episodes on the 22.11 are any longer than the standard 20 min each . 
  ah , good point , 
  or , in my case , i 'm most likely going to try and rewatch all of tla and lok by then !, 
  ok so i 've played a couple of rounds against the computer , and it comes across as a really fun game , but the ai is just horrible . 
  way too easy to beat . 
  really wan na try playing against another person . 
  but i agree with the other comments , the game is incredibly simple , and i 'm sure this is n't the same game that iroh and the members of the white lotus play . 
  hmm ok , thanks for that .
