  fuck no . 
  google + makes things so much easier than facebook does . 
  have you ever tried organising your facebook lists ? 
  or figuring out which pages you 've `` liked '' and going through unliking ones you do n't want anymore ? 
  circles make all that so much easier . 
   i was comparing the similarities between the two, 
  yeah , that 's what an analogy is . 
  my point is there really is n't that much in common , and thus it 's a false analogy . 
  i would actually be really interested to know what parts of facebook you think are easier than g + , because i ca n't think of any myself . 
  i fucking despise soccer , i think it is the scourge of the sporting world , but i think any sort of manager game is bloody brilliant . 
  they 're just a super fun idea . 
  yeah , i 've definitely had the same experience with searching for people . 
  that said , i 've usually had the same problem with facebook . 
  one advantage facebook has for the moment is `` vanity urls '' , where you type facebook.com/mynamehere . 
  google + for the moment only has this for certain verified accounts . 
  i 'd say facebook also manages the `` friends of friends '' thing better , making it easier to find people through a normal search . 
  but the shared videos and stuff , even if they do n't work correctly , still are better than facebook , which lacks anything like that sort of feature . 
  not working correctly means it 's not as much of an advantage , but it still definitely is n't an argument in favour of facebook . 
  so what , you paste the above text into a plain text editor , save it as a . js file ( is the . user bit important , do you replace user with something else , like your username or something ? 
  ) , and drag onto the extension page ? 
  how is that possibly worth 35 years in jail ? 
  actually , he did answer my question , kinda . 
  it was really meant rhetorically , and i was making kinda the same point that he mentioned . 
  that said , his answer came across to me as condescending , as though he was trying to imply that i am someone who has always looked down on people criticising ip laws , which is as far from the truth as you can get . 
  my understanding of french culture is that it 's * incredibly * backwards . 
  this , their incredible anti-immigration feelings , and wow at their ideas for how technology should be regulated . 
  i had a third party ios app that i pirated ages ago that worked with skype . 
  maybe they 've made it difficult to do , but it certainly is n't impossible . 
  from what i could tell , said third party app was not from a particularly large company or anything . 
  ah cool . 
  what i meant was it does n't do it automatically , if you 've got skype open on both devices simultaneously . 
  what 's wrong with going back over sections that need more work ? 
  and as someone who 's not a singer , what 's wrong with asking them to play your part ( but singing loudly while they do it , i agree is a definite nono ) . 
  still , this is bloody hilarious !, 
  i 'd like to see other divisions of the rehearsal police !, 
  edit : oh , and sometimes the instrumntis absurdis ones may be unavoidable ... 
  nah , that 's too fun for me . 
  i refuse to go on anything that will give me more than 1.5 stars of fun . 
  fuck you i would if i could . 
  really ? 
  the instrumentis absurdis section seems the most forgiveable . 
  ( to an extent . ), 
  yeah definitely , i agree . 
  i 'd much rather play on a good quality digital piano than a cheap upright one . 
  i would definitely be interested . 
  i 'm not great at theory , though , and i 'd probably be watching more than participating . 
  i 'd hope that whatever analysis is done , however , is done in a way to be easily accessible to those with less technical knowledge than myself , as well as those far above me . 
  what 's that , may i ask ? 
  google shows up completely unrelated stuff ( as far as i can tell ) . 
  because a good quality , full sized , weighted yamaha digital piano is going to produce a much nicer sound than a cheap upright . 
  aside from that , sometimes you just do n't have the option . 
  actually , i should make it clear that the main reason is that very often you simply may not have access to a proper grand or baby grand piano , and it would be elitist in the highest degree to refuse to play because of that . 
  oh of course . 
  yeah , i 've played . 
  just never used the initialism . 
  when you ca n't get access to one . 
  i thought i 've said that in nearly every comment i 've made on the topic thus far . 
  fuck that , that song is creepy as hell . 
  a subway station ? 
  no , but a house , or a school , or whatever , sure . 
  and a t-shirt ? 
  sure , why the hell not . 
  not all musical performances need to be in a concert hall where tickets are $ 40 + a person . 
  nah do n't worry about it . 
  the reason i replied to him and not you was i did n't think you meant to come across like that . 
  check the rest of the conversation . 
  he expects people to always have access to a `` real '' piano , and implies if you ca n't get one , you should n't play at all . 
  but barbeques are already awesome enough . 
  why would you need to add that ? 
  right . 
  to me that implies if you want to do a recital and you ca n't get a grand piano , you should n't play . 
  which , to me , is elitist bullshit . 
  really ? 
  i 've always known a wake as being after the funeral where family members gather and maybe eat and drink a bit . 
  you sure you do n't mean a viewing ? 
  i 'm not sure she 's correct about that . 
  what she described is a viewing . 
  the wake is , in my experience , after the funeral and involves food and drink . 
  cheap ? 
  you posted a $ 200 solution . 
  granted , that is cheap for venue hire and piano rental , but it 's not inexpensive . 
  but this conversation is just going in circles . 
  good day . 
  there 's nothing elitist about a real piano . 
  it 's elitist to look down at an electric piano the way he is , and saying all performances , no matter the circumstances , should be on a proper grand piano . 
  this last bit is what i 've been telling people . 
  of you 're on 7 , there 's not much reason to upgrade . 
  if you 're still on vista or xp ( like me ) jump all the way to 8 , it does n't make sense to upgrade to an already out of date version . 
  coupla questions ( and please , if you do n't feel comfortable answering any , do n't let that stop you answering others ) . 
  do n't you think it 's confusing that version 6.2 of windows is named windows 8 ? 
  what did you think of steven sinofsky ? 
  if i buy a cheap upgrade copy of windows and try to install it on a fresh hard drive , will that work ? 
  i currently have xp installed on a tiny 160 gb drive , and i want to move to a larger drive , and figure installing win8 is the way to go . 
  yeah , it probably is a difference in language . 
  i just wonder , if you call a viewing the wake , what do you call the wake ? 
  side note , no one ever says soft drink . 
  i 've literally need seen pop used except in the context of what people claim is sometimes used to refer to these drinks , and yet no one ever mentions soft drink , which is a huge one ... 
  from what i 've heard , zunes prior to the hd were terrible , and that ruined the brand even when a good product came out . 
  never used any myself though , so take it with a grain of salt . 
  just a semantic correction , it * is * an evolutionary upgrade .
