  my main point was that despite that , i still think it a bad idea to join the resistance , because being the underdog definitely is n't the only ( or , in my opinion , the most important ) factor . 
  of course , all of this is ignoring the philosophies of the two factions . 
  i paid no mind to it when i initially signed up , but being a generally progressive/left-wing person politically , i 'm now glad that i joined the enlightened , because theirs is the philosophy more closely aligned to my real-world one . 
  i 'm zagorath , and i mainly play at uq . 
  i 've been pretty much semi-retired though , since about mid november . 
  i go to the occasional meetup or event if it 's near by , and i came out of retirement to participate in the anomaly , but other than that i 've not been playing very much . 
  please do n't get the wrong impression . 
  they definitely are n't * all * arseholes . 
  in fact , pretty much no matter who you meet with , they 'll be perfectly decent people . 
  just do n't go linking things near their farms without their permission , 
  how does that work ? 
  i do n't get the point of this post . 
  `` hockey shows his true colours '' , and it 's a picture of some guy with a completely misleading ( if not outright false ) sign . 
  i 'm as anti-liberal as the next / r/australia subscriber , but this post just seems ... pointless . 
  which means that , as far as i can see , at least , the only real response one can make is complaining about anonymous because of how misleading the sign was . 
  unless i 'm missing something here , and the picture actually has something in it that indicates hockey approves the message . 
  oh right , fair enough . 
  i guess that kinda makes sense ... 
  the correct response would be to politely explain the situation , and to then help the newbies to link elsewhere . 
  from what i heard , that 's definitely not what aladrin and co did at the height of the west end fortress . 
  they were quite rude and controlling to new players . 
  no , you 're exactly right . 
  a lot of people are arguing to block supply , and i actually agree with them . 
  but we absolutely must not start blocking supply willy-nilly . 
  if labor and the greens ( and palmer and at least one other ) block supply , they need to do so knowing full well that it is an incredibly significant event historically , and they need to not get into the habit of doing it . 
  but this budget * should * be blocked if it goes to the senate unchanged . 
  why ? 
  because tony abbott 's coalition government was elected after a campaign in which they very explicitly and clearly promised no cuts to education , healthcare , or the abc . 
  if they had made small non-user-facing cuts to these , that might have been somewhat acceptable -- at least as far as blocking supply goes . 
  but they did n't . 
  they 're fundamentally altering the entire way healthcare and education work in australia , after ** explicitly promising not to do so ** . 
  and * that * is why they need to block supply and force a double dissolution if the budget is unchanged . 
  yeah to be completely honest , my experience with social media support teams has been really positive . 
  one time i sent an email and a facebook message about the same problem . 
  the email response i got was some generic rubbish that implied it was my fault , the facebook team really helped me solve the problem quickly and efficiently . 
  yeah , that 's how the enlightened has always done it here , and i 'm sure that * has * happened in the resistance ranks , too . 
  but i have heard of less friendly reports coming from within their ranks that has n't happened to us . 
  he 's got a point , actually , and i think you and the other repliers have missed it . 
  disclaimer : everything i know about advertising comes from watching gruen . 
  other bits of this comment are taken from a rudimentary understanding of psychology . 
  the way the ad is set up , it only ever talks about how bad abbott has been , and how it is going to hurt people . 
  basically , it 's the first part of a longer campaign . 
  they 'll keep running ads like this , getting it into people 's minds that the lnp is hurting australia . 
  then , further down the line , once everyone has seen these ads dozens of times , they will start coming out with ads that actually promote the labor party . 
  talking about positive plans that labor has for the country . 
  the idea is that once people have it in their minds that they need someone new to come in and help them , * then * labor steps up and presents themselves as that someone . 
  now , this may or may not be what they 're actually doing , but it definitely seems to make sense as a strategy , and it * could * be part of their plan . 
  he 's got a point , actually . 
  i replied in more detail [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/25u446/youll_pay_for_abbotts_lies_alp_going_on_an_early/chl0a0n?context=2 ), 
  he 's got a point , actually . 
  i replied in more detail [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/25u446/youll_pay_for_abbotts_lies_alp_going_on_an_early/chl0a0n?context=2 ), 
  option k does the degree sign , i believe . 
  option shift 8 is another symbol that just looks very similar . 
  i find k easier to remember since it 's kelvin , which also measures temperature ( even though it itself does n't use degrees ) . 
  edit : just looked it up . 
  turns out i was wrong . 
  option k gives you \u02da , which is `` ring above '' . 
  option shift 8 gives you \u00b0 , which is `` degree sign '' . 
  there 's also option 0 , which gives you \u00ba , which is apparently the `` masculine original indicator '' . 
  it 's not something i 've ever noticed , and i ca n't think of what the problem would be . 
  i 'd suggest just fiddling with the graphics settings . 
  change one setting at a time to its lowest setting , a medium value , and whatever the highest your computer can support is . 
  also try turning off whatever those mods you 've got are . 
  if you do n't get any answers here , try cross-posting to / r/teso . 
  it has a slightly different audience to / r/elderscrollsonline ( which i notice you 've already submitted to ) . 
  same . 
  chrome ( on the beta channel ) and chrome canary . 
  if google/youtube/twitch had a deal with pandora , i 'm sure they would include something in the content detection that would not flag things used from there . 
  your goddamn right ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ an ^ ^ ^ education, 
  so ... yeah ... 
  beer is actually one of the oldest drinks . 
  in some places at some periods of time , it was drunk more than water , because it could be reliably drunk without worrying about it being unsafe to drink . 
  to be fair , though , that beer was a lot less strong than a normal beer today is . 
  what was wrong with 29 february ? 
   technically 1kb is not 1000 bytes but 1024 or 210 bytes, 
  eh ... not quite . 
  there are differing definitions , although the officially recognised standard is that a kilobyte is actually 1000 bytes . 
  kibibyte is supposed to be used for 1024 bytes . 
  most people ( including myself , normally ) choose to ignore that definition , and just use kilo for 1024 . 
  unfortunately , this puts us in the weird situation that some companies ( mainly hardware manufacturers ) use 1000 bytes to the kilobyte , and some use 1024 . 
  so if your seagate hard drive says it 's 1 tb , it 's actually 1000 gb , but when you connect it to your windows pc , it 'll say 1000 gb , or 0.98 tb . 
  os x , since apple is primarily a hardware company ( even though they are not a hard drive manufacturer ) , uses 1000 bytes to the kilobyte . 
  bringing up gough as a precedent is really not a valid point . 
  that event stands out as the most infamous in australian politics to date , and has never been repeated . 
  it hardly set any sort of precedent . 
  i saw someone mention that the varying voltages could be problematic for a phone charger . 
  would be a cool tool for a usb-powered light , but for charging a phone it could be bad for the battery . 
   if you do n't care about charging on the go , the waterproof option is slow to get in and out , but also safe . 
  my waterproof one has space underneath to fit my charger . 
  it runs vertically ( not on the handlebar -- on the bar running from the seat to the handlebar ) , and i just curl the charging cable up inside the case , stick a small amount out of the enclosure ( leaving the zip open only about a centimetre , if that ) so that it can poke back up and connect to the phone 's usb port . 
  how do you get the phone into these waterproof cases ( legitimate question , i do n't know ) ? 
  if it 's using a zipper , it should be pretty easy to just leave it open a little and poke the cord through the opening . 
  mine 's just extra convenient because there 's space to put the power pack right under the phone itself , rather than needing to keep it in my pocket with a cord running between them as i ride . 
  the hard drive is completely new , would it even have a master boot record ? 
  ( and if it did , how would i remove it using microsoft tools ... there 's no way to access them . ), 
  or did you mean the usb stick 's mbr ? 
  in that case , could you briefly explain how to remove and rebuild it ? 
  i 've already tried completely rebuilding the bootable usb a few times , if that would count as doing the same thing . 
  the usb stick is brand new , too , so i think it 's unlikely that it 's bad . 
  i 've had no problem using it to transfer the raw iso file to other computers to try to use the different computer to create the bootable usb .
