  that bit definitely captures the essence of what i was thinking when i wrote that bit !, 
  i have to say , though , i was n't a huge fan of the tempo in the first 6 bars . 
  i think the written 60 is too slow , but the tempo in this was too fast , for my taste . 
  what 's wrong with viola ? 
  they play the same as first violin , except a bit later ( i think 8 bars , but i could be wrong ) . 
  cello 's the one you would n't want to be . 
  not necessarily a future in screewriting , but perhaps in whatever the name of the job where they come up with concepts is . 
  the screenplay is a detailed list of every line , location , and action in the film ( aside from some that may be improvised or added by the director or actors at the last minute ) . 
  this really needs some sort of explanation as to what we 're supposed to do with it . 
  i was fine , until i reached the nasa astronaught , and the one after it . 
  they were very confusing . 
  oh , and the assumed verdict for me was innocent for every one of them . 
  is n't that how the system is supposed to work ? 
  innocent * until proven * guilty ? 
  edit : i also put 0 hours for the shows i watched , because although i used to watch some of them a lot , i do n't regularly watch them now . 
  editedit : i have no income , i 'm a student and not currently working , what do i put ? 
  i 'll probably just go with the lowest option . 
  also , for political affiliation , this assumes that the survey taker is american , which there was no indication was required previously . 
  since i follow american politics a fair bit , i put the answer that would be true if i were american , but it 's still not the same . 
  i never heard any music . 
  i only ever saw the picture . 
  what was the piece ? 
  i 'll check if there 's a decent public domain recording . 
  haha you were ripped off , then . 
  that 's not what pachelbel 's original score says ( although the original score is actually three violins and cello , which i did n't realise until just now when i looked up the score to verify ) . 
  cello plays its two bar phrase once , then violin one enters . 
  two bars later violin two enters , then two bars later violin three ( sometimes substituted by viola ) enters . 
  in the original score , violin two plays exactly the same as the v1 , except with a two bar delay , and v3 plays the same as v2 , but two bars later ( 4 bars later than v1 ) . 
  this only changes at the very last few bars of the canon . 
  edit : i should probably provide a source . 
  [ here ] ( http://imslp.org/wiki/canon_and_gigue_in_d_major_\\ ( pachelbel , _ johann \\ ) ) is the imslp page for the piece , and [ here ] ( http://erato.uvt.nl/files/imglnks/usimg/b/bb/imslp121751-wima.9c0f-kanon.pdf ) is one of the versions on that page ( all of them are the same , though ) , in pdf format . 
  in azkaban !, 
  oh man , nat with epic meal time would be epic . 
  edit : god i 'm stupid . 
  i did n't even deliberately use `` epic '' the second time . 
  i 'm gon na stick with it , though . 
  was n't she paid to bring us with her , though ? 
  by lonely planet ? 
  yeah same . 
  mostly . 
  i occasionally go through my subscriptions and clean them out . 
  i 'll remove ones that are both non-active and who , when they are active , are merely `` ok '' . 
  this very rarely happens , though . 
  usually i only un-sub if i get bored of them or their content decreases in quality . 
  ( ray william johnson and lockergnome have both suffered this fate , imo . ), 
  yeah , many people do n't subscribe , but instead might just go directly to the channels of people they like . 
  if they see no new videos in a while , then they 'll stop bothering . 
  you 're proud of clearing your history regularly ? 
  i disagree with johnson on the health insurance and education , but based * purely * on the sourcefed video ( i 'm not american , so i do n't see the need to watch it any closer ) i agree with most of his other policies . 
  haha damn . 
  guess you were lucky for not having to do it all the time . 
  just out of interest , how many parts did your version have total ? 
  the original is four ( three melody plus the cello ) . 
  it sounds like your version was some sort of an arrangement , since the original is actually a string quartet , just subbing the viola for a third violin ( as in , there 's a single performer on each part , not a larger ensemble like in the orchestra ) . 
  in case you did n't see op 's edit :, 
   edit : he knows he was , umm , a `` happy accident . '', 
  he 's a great , centered guy with a great sense of humor . 
  still creepy though . 
  got it . 
  i 'll leave the bottle in the back of the cupboard to continue to gather dust . 
  here 's the response from one of their very kind support people :, 
   thanks for letting us know !, 
  we ca n't see any reason why it would n't be working in vietnam . 
  we do n't have anything blocked . 
  have you tried using google 's public dns ? 
  i honestly did n't expect there to be anything they could do . 
  we obviously ca n't blame them if the site 's blocked . 
  m\u00fbmak . 
  my ipod usually corrects hell to he 'll for me . 
  i ca n't figure out how it does it , because it sometimes does n't , and there does n't seem to be any rhyme or reason to it . 
  same thing with its and it 's . 
  civ 2 : test of time . 
  which part are you playing ? 
  you know forge has meanings other than making things out of metal . 
  clearly the parent thread is talking about making an illicit copy of a subway \u2122 sandwich . 
  ah cool . 
  what 's the part like ? 
  you sure ? 
  not just a little ? 
  ah , see , you 're mistaking it . 
  it 's not britain and australia which have these laws , but the town of britain , australia . 
  wait , you mean he added an unnecessary accent ? 
  i 've never seen that , but it 's my new least favourite youtube comment . 
  actually , i believe it 's l\u00ea . 
  i think smuffleupagus thinks topfuckingpercentage was talking about french canadians using le wrong . 
  what about other literature ? 
  personally i prefer the books , they 're epic . 
  ( i 'm inferring you 're talking about the movies , since the books are n't a trilogy . ), 
  yeah . 
  i could n't care less means that your current `` caring '' level is exactly 0 . 
  you have zero care about whatever it is . 
  if you could care less , then you must currently care at least a little , which is not what you 're trying to say . 
  what about same same but different ? 
  i would of , but i do n't know how to of . 
  wait , of is a verb , right ? 
  uh , no . 
  if you could not care less , then you must currently care absolutely zero about it , thus , it is impossibly to care less than you currently do . 
  by the way , nice muphry 's law . 
  yeah , saying lol in real life is annoying . 
  even worse , though , is when they say `` el oh el '' .
