  but what do i know , i 'm not american , british , or a follower of an abrahamic religion . 
   20d6 would be about 80 damage . 
  yup . 
  to be more precise , the expected value of 20d6 is exactly 70 . 
  ( e [ 1d6 ] being 3.5 . ), 
  before jumping to any serious security concerns , my first thought would be : has anyone you know had access to this machine some time in the last few weeks without your supervision ? 
  this sort of thing is a very popular prank to play . 
  it could be just that , and relatively benign . 
  once you can rule that out , * then * start worrying about the more serious possibilities mentioned by others in this thread . 
  just one question about this . 
  how is a 5:20 going to be a sub-17 minute 5k ? 
  surely even at 5:00 you 'd be doing 25 minutes . 
  intellectually i know you 're right , but to me , right clicking with my 4th finger just feels so unnatural . 
  i can scroll with my middle finger just fine , but the only efficiency gains of doing so would be if i could also right click with my 4th finger , which i just ca n't do . 
  so instead my middle finger goes on right click , and index moves between left click and scroll/middle click . 
  so did i. 
  interesting to me that it 's even that high . 
  but i wonder how much that compares to the revenue that was generated by the system ? 
  i live in australia . 
  i have a state , but it 's not on that map . 
  yeah , but like siri and google now , cortana is actually useful . 
  clippy , on the other hand , was definitely not . 
  fun fact , but after tv/films became popular but before colour came in , a very significant number of people dreamed in black and white . 
  ca n't remember the exact statistic . 
  and rfc-822 recommends dd mon yy . 
  personally i think either is fine . 
  in a digital system obviously the iso standard is essential for sorting , but in anything intended to be human read , either makes sense . 
  but mm/dd/yy is just bizarre . 
  yeah , there are a bunch of possible options . 
  * 1 america , or north and south, 
  * afro-eurasia , africa and eurasia , or africa , asia , and europe, 
  * australia/oceania , continent or island ( s ) ? 
  * antarctica , continent or archipelago ? 
  personally , i like a 6 continent model where you take the normal 7 and then merge europe and asia into eurasia . 
  because there is literally no good reason not to do that . 
  there 's no good border between them . 
  there * is * a good enough separation of the americas in my eyes to count them separate , and same with africa from eurasia . 
  you consider a mountain range a comparable border to the tiny isthmus at panama , or the sliver of land connecting africa to asia ? 
  if so , then surely the indian subcontinent should be its own entire continent . 
  and the western edge of the americas should be separate from the eastern side . 
  yeah that 's pretty much my understanding of it , too . 
  some arguments exist from a cultural standpoint , but they 're pretty flimsy . 
  the indian subcontinent 's culture is about as different from east asian as it is from european . 
  heck , the difference between eastern europe and western is pretty substantial . 
  but by that logic , at the very least you would have to separate the indian subcontinent into its own separate thing . 
  you 'd probably also separate the middle east , italy , the western edge of north america and of south america from each of their continents . 
  nope . 
  the interesting thing about the korean war was that it both never officially started ( war was never actually declared ) and never officially ended ( the north did not sign the cease fire ) . 
  meta : once the right-of-reply is had and we vote on this , what happens if it passes ? 
  is that just the first reading , and it can then go to committee for further debate ? 
  or is one vote all that 's needed to pass it ? 
  and most of the rest live [ here ] ( http://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/fun-maps-2-25.jpg ) , i 'm guessing ? 
  i do n't know why you were downvoted . 
  you made me chuckle . 
  my comment really * was n't * interesting . 
  that was kinda the * idea * . 
  edit : above comment is no longer downvoted . 
  was at -5 when i made this comment , sits at +2 ( with a `` controversial '' dagger ) as of this edit . 
  but if a mountain range is enough to call it a separate continent , then the indian subcontinent needs to have that `` sub '' dropped from the name . 
  similarly , the middle-east , italy , and the western edge of north and south america could arguably be separate continents by that metric . 
  yeah that 's my view on it , too . 
  5 , 4 , 6 , 1 , 2 , 3 from worst to best imo . 
  mate , there 's a significant vocal percentage of users who are privacy nuts . 
  they do n't care about the rational behind why certain perceived `` privacy violations '' are actually beneficial , they just want everything locked down . 
  you 're not going to convince this sort of person otherwise , so i 've learned that it 's generally not really worth trying . 
  i 'll try and elaborate a little . 
  basically , under the hood , an array is just a block of memory that 's reserved . 
  each bit of memory has an address . 
  the variable ` foo ` ( if you declared an array by going , for example ` int foo [ 5 ] ` in c ) is actually just saying `` this is where the array starts '' . 
  so trying to use the value at ` foo ` as an argument to a function or whatever would actually be the same as using ` foo [ 0 ] ` . 
  when you do ` foo [ 1 ] ` , what 's happening is it 's looking at the start of the array , and moving across to the next memory address and getting that value . 
  yeah that 's a consulate , then . 
  whoever uploaded the photo got it wrong . 
  an embassy is always ( there might be some exceptions , but i do n't know of them ) in the capital city . 
  in other cities , they 're called consulates . 
  could you explain for those of us who have n't gotten it yet ? 
  oh right , yeah i forgot about that second meaning . 
  by leave , i move that this amendment to the standing orders be refered to the standing committee on procedure for further debate . 
  zagorath , leader of the house, 
  oh my fucking god i hate that ad . 
  it 's the only time i 've had the desire to go search out how to report an ad served by google for being a scam . 
  because that 's so clearly what it is . 
  i 've never even watched it past about 10 seconds , and i just detest it so much . 
  actually , no . 
  there 's one eurasian plate which covers the vast majority of eurasia ( or , if you prefer , which covers the vast majority of both europe and asia ) . 
  and again , a contintental plates standpoint to define what `` continents '' are in common parlance would mean that the indian subcontinent and the middle east should each be their own continents . 
  i 'm a non-adblock user the vast majority of the time . 
  however , when i 've been busy and have a large number of youtube videos from my subscribers lined up that i need to watch , i often temporarily turn on an adblocker . 
  if it really were the `` 5 seconds and then skip '' or `` less than 30 seconds total '' ads , that 'd be fine . 
  but in the last few months i 've been frequently getting ads that are longer than 30 seconds and are unskippable . 
  this is frustrating in normal usage , but i put up with it because it supports the creators that i love . 
  but when binge watching dozens upon dozens of videos , it 's damn insufferable . 
  if valve puts a virtual assistant ( a la google now , siri , and cortana ) into steam os , they really need to call it glados . 
  that would be so awesome . 
  i like it in this context . 
  a game 's subreddit . 
  but the idea that it was originally shared in the context of a modern day real life army is a little disturbing , to say the least ... 
  also the colour there on the last line was terrible . 
  nearly impossible to read . 
  it 's actually not .
