  i 'm just clarifying things . 
   years of policy development by people ( gillard etc ) who have a real and genuine passion for education policy that showed in everything they did every day, 
  except , apparently , passion for tertiary education . 
  there you go . 
  it 's judicial , surely ? 
  4 more runs for a century average . 
  god dammit man that 's got ta hurt . 
  ok it 's definitely not b. i 'm going guess c , no states have a constitution . 
  whoops , meant to say definitely not a. 
  huge congrats mate !, 
  but damn if that is n't the most unofficial looking official form i 've seen . 
  two damn boxes with ticks ? 
  seriously aus government ? 
  seriously ? 
  now , i stopped going to school in australia half way through year 5 ( moved overseas ) . 
  but i thought most schools here had school uniforms . 
  surely if that 's the case they could just prescribe specific shorts , trousers , and skirts , and the girls could pick from those which they want to wear . 
  my school was the same . 
  we had one muslim girl who i assume got permission to wear trousers , bit all the other girls had to wear skirts . 
  this was a private , british inspired , international school in vietnam , though . 
  key part being british inspired . 
  haha indeed that 's it . 
  the two words are very much related . 
  divide by the reciprocal . 
  you got me . 
  divide by itself or multiply by the reciprocal . 
  try asking it how many words the average person knows . 
  there is no movie in ba sing se . 
  strike through is , if memory serves , two tildes . 
  \\ ~ ~ this would be struck through if i did n't use the escape character ~ ~ . 
  ~ ~ here ~ ~, 
  legislative is the parliament . 
  the senate and house of reps. executive is ministers . 
  it 's harder to make a distinction between executive and legislative here , since the executive is also a part of the legislative , unlike the us where the president is directly ( kinda ) elected , and he appoints the rest of the executive . 
  the judiciary is completely separate from this , and it 's their job to interpret the laws etc. 
  ( well , unless you count queensland trying to force the judiciary 's hand with regards to bikie laws ) . 
  no problem , 
  til . 
  haha yeah , that last sentence was actually added in a quick-edit . 
  just take it as a light , jovial point . 
  that 's how i meant it . 
  but in seriousness , i do use the word `` one '' , because it 's a useful word . 
  it removes ambiguity . 
  the number of times i 've heard one person get mad/upset/confused at someone else for saying `` you '' when that `` you '' was meant in the impersonal sense is enormous . 
  i do n't think they 'd get any significant bad pr over hte anti-gay thing . 
  i just think they would face a shitstorm because it 's a * bad creative idea * . 
  the two characters have shown ** no ** sign of chemistry . 
  i thought the zutarra shippers were bad , but they at least had * some * scenes that showed * some * chemistry together . 
  holy shit this conversation was scary to read . 
  before reading this , i thought the people talking about the korrasami ship were doing so ironically/jokingly . 
  you know , on account of there being nothing to base it on ? 
  but god damn ... 
  he 's talking about that awesome time when you first discover a new show , and it 's already got a whole season ( or more ) out , and you can just binge on it all and watch it -- for the first time -- in a few days . 
  i think he was talking about the one where it 's 20 $ 00 . 
  a defence * less * child , surely ? 
  i never use upvote downvote buttons , just press a or z. 
  it also does n't appear for people who have subreddit style switched off . 
  what you 've done here is , already , you 've had your view changed . 
  not drastically , but you 've come to a realisation that when you said `` red is better than blue '' you were talking about something specific . 
  you were talking about how pretty the colours look . 
  you * could * have been talking about any number of other things , such as their ability to absorb heat ( mentioned above ) , or their psychological effects , just to give a couple of other examples . 
  i actually take quite the opposite approach with my phone alarms . 
  i use an app that monitors sleep phases using the accelerometer and specifically times itself to gently wake you up in a light phase of sleep , leaving you feeling less groggy . 
  side note : i also have a flux-like app on my phone ( android ) , which is also handy . 
   screen is completely movable, 
   pull the screen closer to you, 
   uses the screen in a sort of `` podium mode '', 
  does anyone have pictures or diagrams to illustrate this ? 
  i just can not visualise what those mean . 
  yes i think it did help , thanks . 
  sounds like some phone or tablet cases , except they do n't bend with hinges , only with bending plastic/leather/whatever its made of . 
  that 's fine , thanks . 
  someone else wrote a description and another person linked me some pictures . 
  thanks , though . 
   what you read on 29 november and put in your essay that you hand in on 9 december which is then read by your professor on 17 december might have changed ; thus the point you have attempted to make now has different evidence backing it as an editor on wikipedia removes bias , changes the struture of the article or even the structure of the sentence you quoted , or adds new information that has just become available as a result of a study that was published two days after you handed in your essay, 
  this is not a valid reason to not use wikipedia . 
  there are other valid reasons , which are discussed elsewhere in the thread , but this is not one of them . 
  when citing * any * online resource , you should provide a `` date accessed '' to say exactly when you got the source material . 
  wikipedia is far more convenient than many other sites in this respect because when a wikipedia article is updated , all previous revisions are readily available . 
  one just has to go through the history and click on the right one . 
  no , it only works with e. 
  cheers, 
  honestly , i was exactly the same , i thought it 's such a minor difference mathematically , who cares ? 
  right ? 
  that 's how i went into this . 
  the first time i ever heard of tau was [ this fantastic video on the numberphile youtube channel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83ofi_l6eao ) . 
  and i was instantly convinced . 
  using tau is so much more intuitive it 's unbelievable . 
  in fact , since learning it i have personally become much better at mentally working with trigonometry . 
  whereas previously i would have to rote memorise conversions between degrees and radians , now i 'm much more able to intuit it . 
  [ this video 's also really entertaining ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpv1uv0rd8u ) , but not worth much in terms of serious debate . 
  ok once i could pass it off as a simple innocent typo , but the same mistake twice calls for correcting . 
  `` is not '' is contracted as `` is n't '' . 
  and while i 'm at it :, 
  * entire, 
  * does n't, 
  * do n't, 
  * i , and the i in all contractions involving i , should be capitalised . 
  * similarly , names ( mako ) should be capitalised . 
  hope this helps .
