  not quite as famous as the rachmaninov , but at least not a complete unknown , either . 
  it was the premier of david matthews ' `` a vision of the sea '' . 
  i 'm not aware of it if there is . 
  it 's one thing for service to be lazy or uninterested . 
  it 's a completely different thing for them to call you a `` fucking annoying prick '' to your face . 
  no , he was n't , because op is n't the one the email was sent to . 
  op just found it elsewhere online and shared it on reddit . 
  why on earth would the `` experts '' at pet stores tell you that you do n't need a filter ? 
  would n't that be more sales for them ? 
  yeah i 've usually assumed `` the front page '' means the defaults . 
  wagner 's a better example , because he actually * was * racist . 
  antisemitic , to be precise . 
  does n't change the fact that his music is damn amazing . 
  uhh ... it usually is , though you 'd be looking at way more than $ 5/kg . 
  singapore air , for example , charges a minimum of $ 10/kg , with more depending on the exact route . 
  edit : talking about checked baggage , here . 
  with regards to overweight carry on , i think the charge is n't because it 's over weight , but because they then have to check it in later , hence the fee not being a function of weight . 
  i only ever fly in not-america , and i ca n't remember the last time i 've had my carry on weighed . 
  it 's certainly happened , but very infrequently . 
  a lot of keyboard shortcuts will use control . 
  i 'd say i use control on my mac more often than i use alt on my desktop with windows . 
  does command-shift-right not select to end of line in eclipse for you ? 
  it 's working fine for me . 
  same with textedit , in standard text entries in chrome or safari , and basically every programme i use regularly . 
  command-shift-down worked fine for me when i tried it just now in eclipse and textedit to select to end of document . 
  it 's not a shortcut i ever really use , so i ca n't speak for any other applications . 
  apparently the original script was pretty good . 
  they then got in a ghostwriter to do the final drafts of it , and that 's when it ended up like the crap we got given . 
  the directing is certainly his fault , although some scenes that you might initially pass off as bad directing were in fact bad effects . 
  most notably the rock floating scene . 
  hahaha no worries mate . 
  damn that 's better than youtube . 
  content holders on youtube get 30 days to respond to appeals . 
  surely they have n't got a chance in hell of getting that through the senate ? 
  labor and the greens will never even consider supporting it . 
  that one libertarian guy ( leyonhjelm ) wo n't , and i ca n't imagine palmer would . 
  the motoring guy , the dlp guy , and xenophon , i 'm not so sure about , but the above would be enough to block any such notion . 
  oh god that 's terrible . 
  she could n't even find an image of fire that did n't have a logo attached ? 
  really , it 's not hard to find one with a black background to blend in . 
  dnd can be an incredibly deep game . 
  what 's great about it is that you 're essentially telling a story with friends . 
  that story can have every bit as much depth as your favourite book or movie ( or tv show ) . 
  this felt to me less like rap and more like dr seuss . 
  tasteless gives the wrong impression , i feel . 
  it implies it was overly crude . 
  i 'd just say the humour fell flat . 
  edit : other people in the thread are talking about dick jokes etc. 
  i must be blind , because i ca n't find any such jokes . 
  primary school is what you go into before secondary/high school . 
  it 's usually kids aged 6 -- 12/13 . 
  depending on the system , it 's usually from year 1 up until year 6 -- 8 . 
   but tumblr powerpoints yes there is little . 
  i 'm not really sure what you meant by this . 
  / u/fifth5horseman was just making a joke , saying tumblr powerpoints are like the work an 8 year old might produce . 
  anyway , thanks for explaining dungeon world . 
  i do n't think / u/fifth5horseman was asking about it , but i was going to anyway . 
  oh right , i assumed it was part of the image the fire came from . 
  still , that definitely does n't make it any better . 
  from the looks of it the uploader decided to put that watermark on it specifically . 
  if anything , that 's even worse . 
   i dislike the sameness of every class in 4th, 
  this is something that i 've seen a lot of people say , but i just really do n't get it . 
  all the different classes have their own flavour and style . 
  i 'm not going to go charging into the middle of battle with my psion like i would if i were playing a barbarian . 
  my character is more likely to play mind games with the enemy through diplomacy , or in the event of combat , i 'll stay away from the fight and use ranged aoe effects in a way that most benefits the rest of my party . 
  my barbarian friend will just charge in with a rage and attack whatever 's nearest . 
  there 's absolutely no factual basis to the claim that classes are `` the same '' in 4e . 
  if you dislike the game , that 's fine . 
  that 's your prerogative . 
  but do n't dislike it based on reasons that are just plain wrong . 
  learn to use microsoft word 's built-in citation system . 
  i ca n't really think of anything else that i used . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm from queensland , and currently in my second year at uq , after having done ib overseas . 
  without knowing more about you personally , i can mention that australia is one of the best places to go to uni after doing ib . 
  compared to america or the uk , we recognise how much more difficult ib is to the national curriculum fairly well . 
  my 37 points got me the equivalent of an op1 after hl maths and a language were taken into account . 
  what subjects are you planning on doing ? 
  i might be able to give more specific advice if i know that . 
  paywave/paypass are up to $ 100 in aus . 
  a pin for anything over that . 
  as of the first of this month , we 've completely phased out signatures . 
  what country are you from ? 
  i 'm trying to think of a country that has an exchange of approximately 3-1 on the usd , and also names its currency dollar , but i ca n't think of any . 
  most are around 1-2 , with a couple going way over that ( like hong kong at around 7 , and taiwan at 30 . 
  in australia you can pay for things at most major stores up to $ 100 with just a tap of your card on the machine ( visa paywave/mastercard paypass ) . 
  sure , theft happens , but it 's up to visa and mastercard , or the bank , to take all responsibility for that . 
  the user has zero liability . 
  if something costs $ 8.20 , rather than having them hand you a $ 10 note , you get them to give you a $ 10 note and a 20c coin . 
  that way , they can give change more easily , as it 's simply a $ 2 coin , rather than a $ 1 , a 50c , a 20c , and a 10c coin . 
  change the exact notes/coins to make this work in the us , the same principle applies . 
  m night shamalama probably wanted those six earthbenders to be bending something awesome . 
  but the effects department seem to have been dramatically cut short for time ( and budget ) , so we ended up with what we got . 
  probably also partly shamalama 's fault , because by that point in production he probably had just given up on it , and did n't bother providing detailed instruction . 
  ( also worth noting that even in the movie , the six people were n't doing the pebble , that was another guy that you only see at the very end of the panning shot . 
  the six did something else that i ca n't quite remember . 
  that was just bad cinematography . ), 
  5 ghz wireless master race ? 
  which languages you do is really up to your school .
