  but surely there are wild examples of mules or other hybrids ? 
  not to mention that in the wild you 'd probably never get a maltese terrier mating with a great dane . 
  23.976 , 25 , and 29.97 , to not exclude pal and to be more precise regarding filmic frame rate . 
  no it could n't . 
  it 's a fencing term originally , you 're saying `` touched '' when your opponent hits you . 
  you would n't say `` to touch '' . 
  though they seem pretty good buddies these days , with bing integration on ios and such . 
  that sounds ominous . 
   you ca n't tell if someone is recording something, 
  bright red lights are n't enough of an indication for you ? 
  much more so with glass . 
  i can quite easily discreetly hold my phone in such a way as to record someone without their knowing . 
  much harder when there 's a bright light that indicates when the camera is on . 
  could just nick maccas ' free wifi or something . 
  you know they 're recording because it has a fucking bright red light indicating when it 's recording . 
  far less discreet than one could be with a mobile phone or one of those spy pen things . 
  i wish people in this thread would stop spreading misinformation and fud about glass like this . 
  everybody with an android phone has a reader installed . 
  it 's part of the vanilla camera app . 
  i really wish the same functionality was possible for nfc . 
  it 's so much more convenient than qr codes for this sort of thing , but unfortunately that feature has n't been implemented . 
  not with your phone though . 
  that would be really awesome . 
  still , i fucking love paywave . 
  it 's included in my nexus 4 . 
  do n't get more stock than nexus . 
  yeah , it 's through goggles , but i did n't add it myself . 
  it 's part of standard android now . 
  mcdonald 's . 
  right but with goggles installed ( as it is by default on stock android ) you can just use the stock camera app , take a photo , and a handful of seconds later goggles pops up with a notification recognising the qr code . 
  i 'm curious as to what you think about [ australian state flags ] ( http://www.flagsaustralia.com.au/stateflags.html ) . 
  personally i really like 4th edition . 
  combat takes a very long time , but otherwise it 's fantastic . 
  it 's widely regarded as the best balanced edition , where other versions suffer from issues like linear fighters and quadratic wizards . 
  my biggest problem with other versions is really limited actions that you can take . 
  5th edition , for example , a wizard can only cast 2 spells per encounter . 
  after that you 're stuck with cantrips ( which are mostly minor spells for flavour ) or using weapons like crossbows . 
  5th edition is much better in this regard than 3.5 , though , from what i 've heard . 
  if you 're a fighter or another non-magical class , basically every turn is going to be `` i hit the monster with my sword '' in 5th edition . 
  4th edition has the concept of three types of powers . 
  at-will powers are ones you can use as much as you like , encounter powers are stronger , but can only be used once per encounter . 
  daily powers are extremely powerful , but can only be used once per in-game day . 
  everyone has a number of each type of power . 
  for wizards , these are magical spells . 
  an at-will might be scorching burst , which is a relatively weak fire burst attack . 
  an encounter might be icy terrain , which creates an icy surface that causes enemies to trip over and does some damage . 
  a powerful daily is sleep , which will put a number of enemies into a magical sleep for a while , allowing your party to make an escape or deal heaps of damage without them fighting back . 
  for a fighter , powers are known as `` exploits '' , and they 're basically different types of attacks . 
  a basic at-will is cleave , which cleaves through one enemy and also hits another . 
  an encounter power is spinning sweep , where you spin below their guard and hit them in the leg , knocking them prone . 
  a daily is brute strike , which is one huge hit that deals roughly 3x as much damage as your other attacks do . 
  in 5e there 's a lot less of this variety in attacks available , which is one reason that i do n't think i 'll be switching any time soon . 
  note that it 's all personal opinion and there will definitely be a lot of people who disagree with this . 
  you should weigh up what they have to say with what i 've said . 
  but beware when they say things like `` there 's less room to roleplay '' or `` all the classes are the same '' . 
  in my experience that 's completely rubbish . 
  how much roleplaying is available is up to the players and the dm , and it 's going to be the same in any version of the game . 
  how similar the classes are has the same issue . 
  it all depends on how you choose to act and describe your actions . 
  a right , i was aware of ray of frost , but did n't realise that it scaled at higher levels or that there were other damage dealing cantrips . 
  i left it out for the sake of keeping the comment from growing longer than it already had . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  certainly makes wizard type classes more interesting , though does n't help with fighters having no variety . 
  the reason that this one looks appealing to me despite the existence of those others is the automatic optimisation it promises , based on a variety of criteria such as least amount of days , latest starting time , etc. 
  after that you can also supposedly switch around times manually . 
  i have n't actually tried it yet , but it seems like it would be way more useful than the existing sites because of that . 
  if you 're in a safe state -- regardless of whether it 's red or blue , you should vote for the minor party you most agree with to show your support . 
  in a swing state you need to make sure to vote for the major party you least disagree with , to prevent the other from getting in . 
  i 'm sorry mate , but that just is n't true . 
  note i 'm not giving my opinion here -- i 've never played 3.5 -- i 'm going on what i 've read on / r/dungeonsanddragons and / r/dnd , as well as other sites . 
  just go search for discussions about it on the two subreddits . 
  [ here 's the first link i found on google ] ( http://forum.rpg.net/showthread.php?680764-d-amp-d-any-edition-variant-what-about-balance ) . 
   for me , there absolutely has to be an attempt to make every character type equally enjoyable at every stage of play . 
  part of that means not letting certain types completely overshadow others . 
  it also means dismissing early d&d 's notion of `` balance across levels , '' since that was always a joke : having a class be significantly more powerful than everyone else in early levels is not `` balanced '' by having it crap out later , nor is it `` balanced '' to reward someone for suffering through several levels of being mostly useless by letting them rule the game later on . 
  the whole point of balance is to facilitate everyone 's enjoyment in the here and now . 
   from what i can tell , 4e is the only form of d&d to take this issue seriously and handle it in a somewhat competent manner . 
  and that 's just on the first page , there 's more on later pages . 
  i would say the most famous is carnegie hall . 
  royal albert gets second prize , and i 'd say the sydney opera house is the third most famous . 
  it really is such an amazing show . 
  when i first heard they were requiring id i did n't like the idea . 
  the way it 's been used in the us is to disenfranchise poorer voters . 
  but the way it 's been done here is pretty good , actually . 
  they send everyone a letter that can be used as id , and they also accept a huge array of documents . 
  passports and driver 's licenses , obviously , but also bank statements , phone bills , etc. 
  so it 's much less likely to disenfranchise anyone . 
  i do still question the necessity of it , but at least it 's been done well . 
  have they tried find my iphone ? 
  i was there at 3 and they just started blacking them out then . 
  i doubt that ruling would have had much of an effect in practice . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean there . 
  tv is always either 30 ( ntsc ) or 25 ( pal ) , just like film is always 24 ( except on rare circumstances like the hobbit , which is exactly double that at 48 ) . 
  i see we found the new zealander in the group . 
  you got a source for that ? 
  i did a bit of research and from what i could tell it 's usually standardised at 24 , 25 , or 30 , but will often show an individual frame for 2 or even 4 of the frames , giving the effect of half or even a quarter of what 's normal ( e.g. 
  12 or 6 fps from 24 ) . 
  now i 'm just guessing here , but i could imagine a situation where a show mostly uses 15 fps * , but then switches it up to the full 30 for a `` high-frame-rate feel '' . 
  so while there is room for it to vary , at least as far as i can tell , it 's only by showing the same image over multiple frames , which gives it a rather limited range . 
  \\* it 's on american tv , so the standard is most likely 30 .
