   uruguay kindly requests that somalia stops pronouncing it ur-a-gay . 
  as i read on a completely unrelated comment , linking to a completely different video , earlier today :, 
   [ this video from the brilliant tom scott does a nice job of explanning this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/cgpgrey/comments/3hyq6o/hi_45_technobabble/cubv77m?context=2 ) . 
    that sentence could apply to every tom scott video . 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  how are you gon na share it ? 
  i would imagine that the subreddit probably wo n't want you sharing it on here for copyright reasons . 
  any chance you could ping me when it 's done ? 
  i 'd definitely be interested in using these . 
  they look way cooler than the ones i put together for my character . 
  just out of curiosity , what 's the `` class '' thing in the top right ? 
  what does it mean for the spell to be `` class 1 '' ? 
  present, 
   the husband writes , `` our bill is already north of $ 20,000 and i do n't have any insurance :0 , '' but the wife says , `` our insurance does not work in this state . '', 
  which one is it ? 
  i do n't think those are very inconsistent . 
  as an example , my parents ' work provides them with health insurance that covers them anywhere in the world except the united states . 
  would it be inaccurate , if they were to go to america , to state that while there , they effectively `` do n't have any insurance '' ? 
  i do n't think it would . 
   they could n't get the spelling of her name straight on the gofundme page . 
  depending on the writer , it 's `` audrey '' or `` audri . '', 
  could this perhaps be due to autocorrect ? 
  audrey is what i would consider the common spelling of the name , and so i would n't be surprised to see a phone or something autocorrect `` audri '' to `` audrey '' . 
  so sometimes they could get it right , and other times not . 
  ( though i just tried it , and my phone corrects `` audri '' to `` audi '' , so who knows . ), 
  i think that p = np . 
  worked for me with android , too . 
  no , it 's not . 
  honestly , i wish english did have separate singular and plural second person pronouns . 
  i use `` yous '' a lot just because much of the time , using `` you '' for plural feels wrong . 
  in america , `` y' all '' gets used for the same reason . 
  i 'm still waiting for that expansion to drop in price enough ... 
  mr speaker , i have very little to say about this bill , except that it seems like a fine idea . 
  we do n't want to frequently run in to the situation that we have recently with some members never showing up , and us being unable to replace them . 
  zagorath , leader of the house, 
  so , it 's all over now ? 
  we can go back to talking about the show ? 
  except group 2 had yellow , which is not a primary colour . 
  primary colours are red , green , and blue . 
  yeah it 's pretty common that people learn that in primary school . 
  i 'm honestly not sure why it is . 
  any high school physics or computer/ict class should correct it , though . 
   i think a lot of people confuse subtractive primary colors with `` red , blue and yellow '' because they conflate red and magenta and blue and cyan . 
  i do n't think that 's it . 
  primary school art classes normally teach the primary colours as red , yellow , and blue . 
  same with children 's educational tv shows like blue 's clues . 
  any basic high school physics or computer/ict class should obviously correct this , but i guess many people did n't get that information . 
  as for why primary schools teach it the way they do ... 
  i have no idea . 
   very respectfully , i agree they teach it that way , but they are wrong, 
  i agree . 
   part of the reason is that they are conflating red with magenta and blue with cyan . 
  i do n't agree . 
  in fact , i really have no idea where you 're getting this from . 
  it seems like an assumption you 're making with basically no evidence . 
   because they are using antiquated notions of paint color mixing from western art, 
  this seems like a much more likely explanation of the error . 
  my best guess -- and it really is a guess , i have no idea how this could happen -- would be that somehow your graphics card or cpu , particularly when they do certain types of calculations , are putting out em waves in the fm range , and that 's being picked up by your earphones in addition to the actual fm radio broadcast . 
  looks like this is probably us only . 
  it does n't have my university , and it generally ranks in the top 100 worldwide . 
  not that it matters , my uni has a great app that can do navigation for you . 
  yeah , it 's that little motif that plays whenever he does something awesome , and also generally plays when the little card shows up . 
  in the video the other guy linked , it 's right at the end , around 1:42 , starting with the horn trill . 
   blue reminds * me * of ... low energy waves in the electromagnetic spectrum, 
  that 's very interesting , since typically `` bluer '' wavelengths are much shorter , which means they carry far * more * energy . 
  god that 's one thing that makes me so glad to be in brisbane . 
  we do n't have that dumb restriction . 
  it surprised me . 
  i was totally new to the franchise , and i assumed that it was a series that did n't use supernatural elements , so i was totally not expecting what ended up happening . 
  about 4 minutes in , for anyone who just wants that one bit . 
  just a tip , advise with an s in the verb , as in , `` it is my job to advise the president '' . 
  the s has a sort of `` z-like '' sound . 
  the noun , as in `` let me give you some advice '' , is spelt with a c , and has a more `` s-like '' sound . 
  oh , that 's interesting . 
  i 've never actually seen , let alone played on , a full boehm system clarinet . 
  however , from a brief read of the differences between full boehm and the normal boehm clarinet , it seems like most of them are designed specifically to make certain passages * easier * to play . 
  things like being able to reach an extra note lower , so that even an instrument pitched in bb can reach the same range as the a clarinet , and making some notes that could previously only be played with one fingering possible to play using variant fingerings as well , making fast transitions easier in some cases . 
  coming from the guy that wrote a 17 minute concert piece that is essentially a study in timbre . 
   you can look at other subreddits stylesheet , as long as their wiki is enabled by going to https://www.reddit.com/r/subredditgoeshere/wiki/config/stylesheet, 
  holy shit are you serious ? 
  i 've always used chrome 's dev tools to try and figure out how they did something . 
  this is * way * more useful !, 
   automoderator : seriously , look it up , it 's the best thing to happen to reddit in a long long time . 
  it becomes very easy to use once you get the hang of it , and it will prevent so much spam / manual work, 
  oh god yes . 
  i was getting constant spam from some korean bot that seemed to be linking to some torrent site . 
  i have idea why they bothered , because it was always immediately caught by reddit 's spam filter so no one other than me ever saw it . 
  it was just a minor nuisance having to confirm that it 's spam . 
  set up automod to automatically mark a certain ( korean ) phrase that it used as spam , and boom , no more problem . 
   you 'll get tons of moderator wannebe requests , but hardly anyone will be active for longer than a week ; ask them to apply again in a week , it 's an easier way to weed out the bad ones, 
  on the other hand , if you yourself create a subreddit but quickly get bored and do n't want to be an active mod , try soliciting moderators from the active community members !, 
  i got myself added as mod to the one subreddit i actively mod by asking ( basically i just wanted to alter the stylesheet , but i 've ended up being the only active moderator ) , but had the mod at least decided to take a look at the subreddit and get someone to join , that whole process could have happened much sooner . 
  also , my additional tip , which i did n't know about before starting , is look at the `` moderation queue '' and `` unmoderated links '' frequently , and keep them clear . 
  actively approve posts that are n't spam -- but know that it does n't have to be an actual endorsement of the quality of the content : no one but you will ever see that . 
  i did n't approve anything for way too long , because it felt like it would be an endorsement of content that , while perfectly appropriate for the subreddit , was n't to my taste . 
  when i eventually decided to go back and approve it all , that took a really long time . 
  out of interest , which type of sorcerer are you going to be ? 
  from the description , it sounds like you 're going for either storm or favoured soul , from the waterborne adventures unearthed arcana article , and the modifying classes unearthed arcana article , respectively . 
  if so , awesome , if not ( particularly if you have n't heard of them ) , you might want to take a look at them . 
  but just a warning , ua material is at * best * beta , and is n't * quite * `` official '' material .
