  as the other guy says , just make sure you check what the diameter of your lenses are . 
  it should say it somewhere on the lens itself . 
  my stock 18-55 , for example , has '' \u2300 52 '' on the underside of it , indicating 52 mm diameter . 
  also the show 's been around for practically hundreds of years . 
  yeah , calling japan the future sounds like a really '80s / '90s thing to say . 
  back then certainly there was this impression that japan was going to be a significant world power , at least economically . 
  unfortunately for them , china came along , and now japan 's influence has waned . 
  for what it 's worth , as someone from neither america nor the uk , your list is full of people i 've heard far less about than the other guy 's list of british comedians . 
  louis c.k. 
  i 've heard a lot about , but never actually seen anything other than short clips . 
  jerry seinfeld i only know because of the sitcom . 
  eddie murphy is of course huge in film . 
  the rest are a mixture of people i 've heard of but could n't put faces to , let alone know their work , or who i have n't even heard of . 
  i 'm assuming it 's when you 're adding or subtracting , and you kind of `` stop off '' at a multiple of 10 . 
  for example , to do 8 + 5 , you first get up to 10 ( 8 + 2 ) , and then you have 3 left over , so you add on 3 , finishing at 13 . 
  naff as in staff ? 
  i do n't know how you pronounce staff , but for me , that 's a * very * long `` a '' sound . 
  rhymes with barf . 
  so probably not the best example . 
  naff , at least as i 've always heard it , rhymes with `` taff '' , as in `` taffy '' , without the `` y '' . 
  exactly . 
  most people probably figure it out by themselves ( i know i did ) , but being taught it can help them get better at maths earlier on . 
  whoops , this got caught in the spam filter . 
  not sure why , possibly because of the number of links ? 
  anyway , i 've approved it . 
  edit : just realised your images link to all sorts of weird places . 
  that 's probably the reason . 
  in the future , i 'd recommend reuploading them to imgur or another well-known trustworthy image hoster . 
  actually , i think / r/askgamemasters is probably better than dndbehindthescreen for this . 
  bts tends not to be particularly receptive to questions . 
  they prefer people who have made content to share . 
  i 'll leave it up because you 've already gotten a couple of good answers , but this is n't really the right subreddit for this sort of question . 
  try / r/askgamemasters , / r/dnd , or ( if you 're playing 5e ) / r/dndnext . 
  what sort of domains would you want ? 
  there are already so many , and this edition is clearly not wanting to go into stupidly minute details for slightly different variations like some previous editions did . 
  there 's certainly room for some more in a few areas , but as it is , most stuff is covered . 
  i think this is dumb , not because of how it breaks physics , but because it fundamentally misunderstands how `` give the thing to another person '' works from a logical point of view . 
  when you give something to someone , you take it from a state of not moving , you make it move , and then you stop it moving again . 
  so your 1000 peasants are making 999 discrete steps of the dagger starting and stopping . 
  at the end of each of these steps , its speed is zero . 
  so when it reaches the very end , its speed is still zero . 
  i do n't see the need for 4 separate elemental domains . 
  perhaps a single domain of `` elemental '' , though even that arguably is encompassed by `` nature '' ( i would n't argue for that , but i can see why someone would ) . 
  but choosing a specific element ? 
  definitely not , way too finnicky . 
  darkness could be an interesting counterpart to the light cleric , in the same way death is a counterpart to life . 
  luck could be * very * interesting . 
  travel ... eh , i ca n't see that being significant enough to be a whole domain . 
  and would n't feel thematically like it 's very clerical , anyway . 
  lore is pretty clearly just knowledge . 
  my main problem with travel is that i ca n't see it being a playable character . 
  what abilities would it get as it levels up ? 
  what spells would be on its spell list ? 
  lore still sounds pretty squarely a good fit for knowledge . 
  how do you pronounce rnzaf ? 
  i ca n't think of any way to say it that sounds anywhere near as cool as raf or raaf . 
  [ have you seen this video ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zuynhkal1i ) has some really good points to make about the differences between tes 3-5 , and what made each of them good/less good . 
  i 've had one experience with wineskin . 
  it was the witcher , which is actually sold on steam as being mac compatible , but is in fact only a wineskin wrapper around the windows version . 
  game crashed consistently right after the cinematic that closes the opening section ( when you leave that first castle area ) . 
  tried creating my own wineskin wrapper using some tools i found online . 
  made the game just barely playable , but even after tinkering with it for a while , it still crashed a couple of times per hour . 
  eventually i gave up on the game because i was sick of dealing with that shit . 
  so yeah , i 'm not really interested in trying wineskin again . 
  this data is based on people who filled out the survey , not on passively gained information from who 's downloading what . 
  fair enough , you 've sold me on that one . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of all the specific features you listed ( level 6 in particular seems * very * underpowered compared to other level 6 clerical abilities ) , but i like the idea of it . 
  in light of this , i would change my own opinion to be in favour of the amendment proposed by the speaker . 
  i do n't remember being taught any particular strategies . 
  i kinda stumbled across this `` make 10 '' system by myself . 
  i 'm like 90 % sure that was n't a serious suggestion . 
  it * would * however , speed up the game substantially . 
  i 'm like 90 % sure that was n't a serious suggestion . 
  it * would * however , speed up the game substantially . 
  well , the dm can speed up slightly by not rolling for damage . 
  use the average roll , or for a bit of variety , * choose * the damage based roughly on the average roll , how high the to-hit roll was , what narratively makes sense , and a quick bit of mental `` randomness '' . 
  clearly uses the variant where a long rest is a week , and a short rest is a night 's sleep . 
  i discovered something interesting , recently . 
  youtube actually ** does not ** show ads that are both longer than 30 seconds and unskippable . 
  some extensions ( in my case it was turn out the lights , but i 'm guessing adblockers are having the same effect ) mess with things such that the `` skip ad '' button gets hidden * behind * the video , making it unclickable . 
  disabling the adblocker on youtube will fix the problem . 
  and besides , blocking ads deprives the youtubers that you enjoy of money . 
  the only reason they can do what they do , in many cases , is * because * of that money . 
  they 're giving you free great content to watch , so why not allow them to make a little money from it ? 
  weirdly enough , i 'm * not * having any problems with it . 
  i ca n't watch the actual show because of geo-restrictions , but the commentary track is working fine . 
  well , except for the fact that i 'm like 2 minutes in and currently having to sit through 3 ads in a row , after already watching one ad before the thing started . 
  hope this rate does n't keep up ... 
  edit : well , the ads throughout the rest of the episode were pretty reasonable . 
  but then i go to watch episode 2 and it 's georestricted . 
  well that fucking sucks . 
  edit again : wait , when i open the second episode * in a new tab * it lets me watch it ... what the fuck is going on ? 
  yeah , this just redoubled how much i want us to find out that john diggle 's middle name is stewart . 
  i know that if we get a lantern it 's probably going to be hal jordan , but god it would be awesome to have diggle turn out to be john stewart . 
  oh right . 
  the dog breed never even occurred to me . 
  in fact , even if it had said `` staff as in the dog breed '' without the full explanation , i probably would n't have had a clue what it was talking about . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'm also from the south , though way further south than you likely are . 
  like , in the other hemisphere south .
