a love ravel 's bol\u00e8ro , barber 's adagio for strings , stravinsky 's rite of spring , berlioz 's symphony fantastique . 
  hope that is n't too many examples . 
  especially as relatively main-stream . 
  i 'm a romantic , myself . 
  although i tend to veer towards the early romantics , like beethoven . 
  i do n't really like those super thick textures you get in a lot of later romantics like a lot of sibelius and wagner . 
  i found the best way was to start on the high a. 
  you drop your jaw , to bend the pitch down . 
  if you can do jaw vibrato , it 's like an exaggeration of that ( although because of that fact , it 's likely that learning this will help you learn to do the jaw vibrato , not vice versa ) . 
  start piano , then crescendo up as you lower the pitch , and then go back down as you return the pitch to normal . 
  try this on other notes , and once you 're comfortable with that , try glissandoing from an a up to a b smoothly . 
  it 's also important to be able to go back down again , even if the opening to rhapsody in blue does n't require it , so try that too . 
  again , repeat this on different notes . 
  a -  b. 
  try it on different notes , and gradually increase the interval , until you can do the full octave glissandi in all its glory . 
  i 'd be glad to give more details if anything 's unclear , just let me know . 
  i also love the planets . 
  i chose not to say it though because i feel that jupiter , at least , is fairly well known ( due to its tune being used in many ads , and as the tune for the rugby union world cup ) . 
  i do n't really know enough about dubstep to comment on it as dubstep . 
  i just think it 's cool music . 
  however , the creator seems to take constructive criticism fairly well , so you might want to consider posting that on the soundcloud itself . 
  it 's never going to be perfect . 
  even the best players will notice a small bump . 
  it 's not actually for holding long notes , but instead for extending fast moving passages without a breathing gap . 
  the only real tip is to practise , practise , practise . 
  an open g is definitely the note to start on ( as somethingmusic pointed out below ) . 
  keep practising on various individual notes until you 're comfortable with that . 
  then you want to move on to trying it in simple moving passages , like a scale or something ( this is actually the stage i 'm at now , i ca n't seem to advance past that yet ) . 
  once you feel comfortable with that , find an actual piece to do it in , and try that , slowly at first , until you 're comfortable using it in a performance . 
  anyone else think that since the videos are on youtube , it would make more sense to use youtube 's like/thumbs up button ? 
  i 'm do n't like his larger works ( as in , longer , since he does n't have many for larger ensembles ) , but for a completely different reason . 
  i 've found he has what i am just now deciding to call cadencphillia . 
  his pieces just go on and on and on , and frequently come to what seems like an end with a perfect cadence and a long gap . 
  his smaller pieces , like a lot of the nocturnes , however , are absolutely sublime . 
  i 'm actually learning to play one of them ( a pretty easy one , but i absolutely love it , nonetheless ) . 
  agreed . 
  beethoven is by far my favourite composer . 
  personally , i really like baroque music for when i 'm trying to do work , but do n't want to deal with silence . 
  i 've found scarlatti is particularly good for this . 
  i wish there had been more classical and big band music . 
  but as you 've said to many other people , with so few samples it 's impossible to get a full representation of all types of music . 
  was it just me , or did the questions seem to repeat themselves a lot ? 
  still , it seemed like a really thorough questionnaire . 
  being interested in psychology myself , i suspect that this was n't really about the music , though . 
  i 'm wondering if it 's something about internet communities , or perhaps some form of bias ( possibly based on the wording of the question ) . 
  then again , maybe i 'm just cynical and over-thinking this ... 
  probably from the youtube video linked above . 
  seems really useful to me , except that they say there is no point in time when he hangs in the air . 
  obviously this is incorrect , as there is a turning point in his velocity , at which instantaneous moment his velocity is zero . 
  absolutely correct . 
  this is what 's wrong with copyright at the moment , imo . 
  i used to love playing age of mythology ( not ea , but bear with me ) it was a really fun game , and playing online was a blast . 
  after a move , i found that the disk had broken , and it would no longer copy some key files over during installation . 
  so , i did what i thought at the time was right , and i went out and bought another copy of the game . 
  i wanted to be able to play online , and that fact was literally the only thing that stopped me pirating it . 
  when i got the game , however , ( but after i had left the store ) i discovered that this packaging of the game did n't have online gameplay . 
  this was only written in fine print on the back of the box . 
  ( fwiw , the second version of the game i bought was published by ubisoft . ), 
  my high school friends had the same problem , but i thought at university level they would have been more lenient with it . 
  and that makes sense , but what if the person 's just really indecisive ? 
  where can she be found ? 
  hahaha . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  the picture says she 's married , so no , that 's not what i was thinking . 
  i was just asking for the sake of asking . 
  you can marry two people ??? 
  so this is a previous study that you 've based your study on ? 
  i 'm curious , is yours adding some detail , or attempting to replicate this study ? 
  different countries that celebrate it have different names . 
  in korea it 's called sol nal ( \uc124\ub0a0 ) . 
  vietnamese call it tet ( t\u1ebft ) . 
  i 'm sure the various other countries which celebrate it have their own names . 
  the best way to refer to it , in my opinion , is to call it lunar new year , unless you are specifically referring to the particular customs of one country . 
  he may have been offended that they asked him to do it just because he 's asian . 
  or possibly he was offended at the fact that they call it `` chinese '' new year . 
  upvote for living in different places . 
  born in aus , moved to korea at 10 , moved to vietnam at 13 . 
  will move back to aus for uni at nearly 19 at the start of 2013 . 
  for me it 's usually number 2 . 
  occasionally 1 . 
  ca n't say i 've ever had 3 . 
  not having been to america , canada , the uk , nz , or any native english-speaking country other than australia , i ca n't provide a completely neutral point to either support or refute that . 
  certainly , my experience in australia has been most people call it chinese new year . 
  living in asia , however , most of the people i know , when speaking english , usually say lunar new year , or the specific name of that country . 
  i guess that probably suggests what you said is likely correct . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not entirely sure i understand . 
  oooh !!!, 
  i thought it might have been some reference to the tet offensive , but i could n't see how , until taking another look at it just now . 
  very clever . 
  the whole time i 've been in international schools , so everyone i hang out with speaks english . 
  learnt a few key phrases , like how to direct a taxi , how to count , and how to order basic food in korean , but that 's it . 
  even less than that in vietnamese , because i did n't have more than one year of lessons devoted to it in school ( up until year 10 of the 13 year system , it is taught , but after that only for fluent speakers ) . 
  ca n't we get a wallpaper-sized version of this ? 
  the notes on this page : http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/follower_ ( skyrim ) #notes should help . 
  in a word , the answer is up to 11 , including various quest followers ( if you just do n't complete their quest ) , summoned creatures , etc. 
  edit : embedded link did n't work , put into plain text . 
  i found that mod on steam through a link somewhere on reddit . 
  i could n't figure out how to download that , though . 
  it looked really useful , too .
