  edit : oh , and `` people look to you as someone who represents samsung '' ? 
  nobody looks to him as someone that represents samsung , they go to him because he 's a very good , neutral , reviewer . 
  he 's well known for not being afraid to tell the negatives how they are : and he always has been . 
  that was n't samsung 's problem . 
  the thing is , he does n't really swear in his product reviews very much at all . 
  plus , samsung specifically mentioned that their problem with him was swearing * on twitter * which is n't where he does his reviews . 
  plus , have you seen the links about the other bloggers , the ones samsung flew out somewhere ? 
  to me what they did there is just inexcusable . 
  edit : sorry , i misread your comment about him reviewing things on twitter . 
  i do n't follow his twitter , so i ca n't really say . 
  has he ever sworn in a tweet reviewing a samsung product ? 
  he makes at least a good portion of his income through blogging , how is it not a `` real '' job ? 
  why do n't you watch the video , and read the link to the other story , about samsung flying out some bloggers somewhere . 
  they had made it clear they were independent bloggers and would not act as `` brand ambassadors '' . 
  when they got there , they were forced to act as such , with samsung threatening to remove their return flight if they did n't . 
  watch the video , with a level head ( i.e. , take off your fanboy glasses , if you can ) , and see how this is n't about samsung `` owing '' anyone anything , it 's about how douchy they 've been in this particular case . 
  edit : because i feel that 's unlikely to happen , here 's a quick summary . 
  they have n't simply banned him , they 've done it in an incredibly slimy way . 
  he was invited * by vodafone * ( because samsung did n't invite him ) to the gsiii launch event , but samsung went behind both blunty 's and vodafone 's back to cancel that invitation . 
  they did n't tell anyone this was happening , just cancelled the car that was supposed to pick him up . 
  blunty spent a long time going through various parts of samsung 's pr trying to find out why , and they would n't give him an answer . 
  it literally took him days to find out that the reason was because he was swearing * on twitter * . 
  not even in his reviews of samsung or other companies ' products , but on twitter . 
  the point is , in his words , `` nobody at samsung pr ... had the integrity to come forward '' and tell him he was doing something they did n't like . 
  oh , and yeah , i 'm fully aware how immature me calling you a fanboy sounds . 
  perhaps it will make you look at your own comment , and see how immature your statement was . 
  haha yay for including the 195m extra in the marathon !, 
  when people say 42.2 , or even worse just 42 , i die a little inside . 
  ( ok , not really , but it does irk me . ), 
  what would the width of a4 paper be ? 
  i do n't actually have any with me ... 
  you can not . 
  literally * can not * say blogging is not a real job , if people are getting paid to do it . 
  the argument that it 's not real journalism is a real one , and one that i can fully understand , even if i do n't agree . 
  nate `` blunty '' burr has got actual `` legitimate '' media experience ( since apparently the internet is n't real , to you ) , if not journalism ( i just do n't know about that ) . 
  he 's done work with `` proper '' studios including warner bros. and the abc . 
  it still seems that you have n't bothered to watch this , or any of his videos . 
  i 've used the word blogger many times , but that 's not really what he is . 
  these days he does extremely high quality video reviews , mainly of digital cameras and smartphones . 
   if companies invite you somewhere you are still completely at their mercy , you have no contract , you have no rights, 
  maybe legally true , but the case with these indian bloggers is absolutely horrible and indefensible . 
  in a practical sense , even if not a legal one , it 's extortion . 
  they brought these people to a foreign country , telling them that they would be acting as reporters . 
  after they got there , they completely turned around and said work for us as spokespersons or lose your flight home . 
  it 's akin to ( albeit much less serious than ) people trafficking . 
  in blunty 's case it 's nowhere near as serious , but still douchy . 
  they have no obligation to invite him to their events or give him free stuff , but it 's an incredibly petty and horrible move on their part to stop doing it for the reasons they did . 
  add to that how hypocritical it is , when they do things like product placement on breaking bad , a show about meth cookers , and you begin to see why this is such horrible behaviour . 
  with what they did to blunty , i could begin to look past it if they were upfront about it , too , but they were n't . 
  they went behind his and vodafone 's backs in cancelling his ticket , and then he had to go digging right to the top of their pr team in order to get an answer as to why . 
  what we have in blunty 's case is, 
  stupid douchy reason for stopping it . 
  remember they had a good relation with him until this . 
  refusing to tell him why , showing they are horrible slimy cowards . 
  before this event , i was looking at getting a gsiii as my first smartphone at christmas . 
  now , unless they come out with an apology i very much doubt i 'll be looking at samsung for myself or friends again . 
  it 's a real shame , because i really thought so highly of them before . 
  once again you 've shown that you still have n't even watched the video . 
  you group all bloggers together , just like you imply i am doing with the various parts of samsung 's mobile division . 
  yes , bloggers have that reputation , but not all are the same . 
  i know for a fact blunty is n't ( he could probably get back in their good books if he went crawling back to them ) , and i know a good deal of others that are n't . 
  you do n't have to be a trained journalist to have some basic integrity . 
  oh , and why are you trying to bring apple into this ? 
  this story has * nothing * to do with apple , so why even mention them ( indirectly ) ? 
  it 's not even worth it to me to argue how you got those points wrong . 
  i 'm sorry , if you ca n't at least watch the video and * attempt * to put aside your clear android/samsung fanboy hat and apple hatred , i 'm not going to be responding any more . 
  you are n't worth my time . 
  is this the tribe that has one word for `` reddish '' colours , like red , brown , and orange ? 
   although some parts are apparently more sensitive to some flavours, 
  i 'm not even sure that 's true . 
  my understanding was that the idea of tongue regions came about because of a single study which showed that certain regions of the tongue * might * have a tendency towards being more sensitive to certain flavours . 
  nothing definite about it . 
  wait , you were actually taught that deoxygenated blood is blue ? 
  i never thought that was something anyone in the last 100 years would have believed ... 
  where does `` albeit '' come in ? 
  either that or he reverse pickpocketed it . 
  when you say a natural , are you referring to the one played by that extra key at the top of the instrument , or the one slightly below the c played with only the left thumb ? 
  if that 's on the ticket , it 's probably because they print a standard thing on it , and not necessarily because it 's a rule that they 'll actually enforce . 
  if they do enforce it , i suggest you send them a note in some form ( a comment card , an email , whatever ) letting them know . 
  there 's a good chance that they did n't even think about that instruction . 
  really , they had a famous globe before even the discovery of australia ? 
  that 's brilliant . 
  did this globe have that `` great southern land '' that was theorised ? 
  haha , i had a biology teacher in high school who was like this . 
  whenever she had to teach a simplified version of something , she made sure to make it clear that it was a simplification that fits our syllabus . 
  or just teenie teenie . 
  haha cheers . 
  yeah , i thought you might , but everyone else seemed to be assuming you could n't reach the altissimo register ( anything above the c played with only the thumb ) . 
  i 'm terrible at teaching and explaining things , but i 'll give it a go . 
  try tightening your embouchure slightly , that 's really the main thing . 
  you may also like to try not pressing the register key the whole way down . 
  my clarinet teacher taught me that a while back as a tip especially for playing particularly quietly at the bottom of the clarino register . 
  maybe also try exercises where you play a note ( i recommend starting at c , and work your way down , before working your way back up to the e ) , and then slowly try to press the register key ( so it should go up to g ) . 
  edit : another tip , make sure your thumb is vertical and pressing the register key with the top , not with a side edge . 
  this is to avoid any air escaping from the thumb key , which can cause serious problems , and is an easy mistake to make . 
  which are in turn , apparently , more valid than music and art . 
  i find that really odd , considering the standard young earth creationist argument is that it 's 6,000-10 ,000, 
  actually , i 've had very good history teachers who mentioned that there is a stance among some people that wwii only started when america joined the war , on account of that being the merging of the so-called `` war in the east '' and `` war in the west '' . 
  i think it 's a legitimate idea , even if it is taking the term `` world '' a bit too literally . 
  30 days have september , april , june , and november ...
