  the codename was not butt-head astronomer . 
  you 've got two levels of unofficiality . 
  unofficially , the product was known as bha . 
  within that , it was unofficial that bha stood for butt-head astronomer . 
  i 've never heard of penny for the guy before . 
  and to be honest , guy fawkes as a whole is n't especially well-known outside of the uk . 
  i know i had never heard of him until i started going to a `` british '' school at age 13 . 
  i suspect most people would have a vague idea of who he is and what he did , but certainly the whole celebration and guy fawkes ' night is completely foreign to us . 
  serious question , how much do runners use min/mile in the us ? 
  i would have assumed this is one of the areas that people would tend to prefer si units , and gone with min/k ( of which , for what it 's worth -- though i see that it says min/mi on the watch -- a value of 4:10 is pretty good , but reasonable , depending on the distance ) . 
  i 'm having trouble finding hard data , but i think the founder may be canadian , so it 's not infeasible . 
  [ this link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pebble_ ( watch \\ ) ) led me [ here ] ( http://www.crunchbase.com/person/eric-migicovsky ) , which led me to google `` university of waterloo '' , which the google infobox said is in canada . 
  yeah fair enough , that 's a really good point , actually . 
  and sure !, 
  i 've got absolutely no problem at all with you using them , at least for my part . 
  i 'll ask the others in my party in the morning . 
  i must say i do find that rather strange . 
  are most race distances not usually measured in kilometres ? 
  100 m , 400 m , 1500 m , 5 km , 10 km , 42.195 km , etc. ? 
  would n't it make sense to keep race and training units in the same system ? 
  huh fair enough . 
  that 's interesting . 
  have to say , i 've never seen it with miles before . 
  does n't that make it awkward to convert between the pace you 're training at and the time in which you 'll run a particular race distance ? 
  ( for just a few examples , 100 m , 400 m , 1500 m , 5 km , 10 km , 42.195 km . 
  particularly on the longer ones , i take my pace and multiply it by the distance of the race , and i 've got the time . ), 
  the names vary a lot . 
  i call them ( brackets ) [ square brackets ] and { curly brackets , or braces } . 
  other people , i know , use ( parentheses ) , [ brackets ] , and { braces } . 
  i suspect { these are probably set brackets } , since they 're often used to denote sets , but i ca n't say i 've ever actually seen that term before . 
  i was simply making a programming joke . 
  in a lot of programming languages ( particularly all of those whose syntax is based off of c ) , if/else clauses are written as, 
  if ( criteria ) {, 
  / / do this, 
  } else {, 
  / / do this, 
  is the purpose of this to make it have data that looks like you did a really good run ? 
  if so , why ? 
  is the data not there to help you know how well you 're doing , and hopefully improve yourself as a runner ? 
  but at the very least , most track events would still be in standard distances , right ? 
  \\* reluctantly upvote *, 
  i grew up in asia . 
  went to a british international school . 
  the curriculum is the same as the english one up until year 9 . 
  years 10-11 do igcse ( the international varient of the gcse ) , and years 12-13 did ib . 
  where on earth did you learn that ? 
  koreans are pretty heavy drinkers ... 
  actually , if we 're gon na be making fun of people 's accents , let 's do it right . 
   you needeu look ceuleaneu to be doceuteo, 
  where `` eu '' is substituting for the korean character ' \u3161 ' ( and honestly , i find it to be a terrible substitution , it really does n't give you the sense of how it 's meant to be pronounced ) and `` eo '' is substituting for ' \u3153 ' , which is a much better substitution , but only if you already know how it 's meant to be pronounced . 
   lied in court , claiming sterility to get out of paying child support, 
  good point , i was really only thinking in the context of his professional life . 
  i was also not familiar with that particular example of him ripping of woz . 
  i knew he had , but i was under the impression it involved giving him far less stocks than he deserved -- dickish , but without lying . 
  thanks for setting that straight . 
  you 're cool . 
  not just america , i use it that way all the time , at least for plural . 
  however , i would n't use it in that way in the singular . 
  for example , i might say `` hey guys '' , even for a group of all girls , or refer to them as `` those guys over there '' . 
  but i would n't ever say `` that guy '' . 
  ( slightly related , i * would * say `` hey man '' when talking to a woman , if she 's someone i 'm good friends with . ), 
  haha yeah , that 's a good point . 
  ( not the apeman bit , that was stupid :p the other bit . ), 
  say what you want about it , but * all * the casting in that film was absolutely fantastic . 
  go and watch it as soon as you can . 
  i only caught a few episodes when it was actually airing , and went back this september and figured i 'd use it as a guilty pleasure while i waited for real shows to start up again . 
  holy fuck was i wrong about that . 
  it was such an absolutely incredible show . 
  quirky when it wanted to be , funny , intense , and emotional at other times . 
  i seriously do n't think i 've ever been as emotionally impacted by a show in my life . 
  be warned , though , for the first maybe season and a half it kinda feels like character development is n't carrying through from one episode to the next , but that really picks up . 
  i ended up going through all five seasons ( well , 4 really , if you consider that 1 and 5 were both half seasons ) in just one week . 
  oh on the contrary , i absolutely love computer security . 
  since last november , i 've caught up with 6 years worth of episodes of a security podcast , and next year i 'll be taking an information security course at uni . 
  also i want to make some clever avatar reference here , but i ca n't think of anything . 
  so cool username . 
  not soon enough if you ask me . 
  she was his bitch for two full seasons , he totally had it coming . 
  so how 's it going now ? 
  no , check his history . 
  it 's subtle way to push his own ideology whilst maintaining the plausible deniability of it being a hypothetical situation . 
  no way . 
  his most important is the messengers in skyrim . 
  that 's a doylist explanation for it . 
  we want a watsonian one : something that makes sense for why her powers are weaker * within the universe * . 
  i just want to point out that she 's 14 , not 10 . 
  i dunno , i actually specifically noticed a few moments in this fight where her earthbending was * very * distinctively hung gar , even if her moves with the other elements were less specific . 
  maybe that 's where all her frustration comes from ? 
  she just needs to get laid ? 
  ( oh god ... i am so sorry everyone . ), 
  really ? 
  to me it seemed like she went `` sure , okay , whatever '' , as though she did n't particularly want to help , but did n't care enough to say no . 
   yuyan archer as hawkeye, 
  i like how even in this rendition , hawkeye is a throwaway character . 
  who from what ? 
   this is the main reason why i am emotionally invested in bj, 
  was that deliberate ? 
  ( also i have no idea what you intended bj to stand for here . ), 
  i 'm pretty sure killing korra is exactly what she was about to do in this episode before jinora and opal intervened . 
  she was walking up to her with sharpened metal at hand .
