  they have the complete star trek on netflix ? 
  fuck i wish we had it here ... 
  edit : i get it guys , hola unblocker , mediahint , proxies , etc. 
  you can get around it if you want to jump through hoops . 
  no , because phone keyboards are small and inaccurate . 
  auto correct means you can tap in the general facility of the letter you want without worrying too much about if it 's precise . 
  it makes typing on such a small screen bearable . 
  it really is . 
  i started watching it for the first time about a month ago , and got through it all in 10 days . 
  it was so good i could n't stop myself . 
  i 'm already going through a rewatch ( more slowly ) , but in the production order rather than aired order , because it 's so good i want to go back and see the foreshadowing of stuff . 
  it 's not illegal here . 
  in fact , the guidelines specifically make mention that you are allowed to ride on the footpath . 
   cyclists of any age are allowed to ride on a footpath unless prohibited by a ` no bicycles ' sign -- you must give way to pedestrians and ride in a manner that does not inconvenience or endanger other footpath users, 
  which i always do . 
  and if i get hit crossing at a lit zebra crossing , and the light is green , that is * never * going to be anyone other than the car 's fault -- legally , and actually . 
  if it 's unlit i would typically wait until there are no cars approaching from either direction for at least 4 or 5 times the amount of time it would take me to cross . 
  they were grandparents , but he never * had * them as grandparents . 
  huh , fair enough . 
  it 's legal here . 
  fair enough , but i bet my mobile typing speed is faster than yours . 
  everyone has their own preferences , though , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  while true :, 
  print ` holy shit ', 
  i got the impression that this was done with permission . 
  if it is , then i see nothing wrong with this . 
  ( if he dies , it 's his own choice and he knew what could happen . ), 
  if i 'm wrong though , and he did n't get permission first , then i agree with you completely . 
  head mounted most likely . 
  [ video of it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fs0hkdjzk8 ) , so you can see what he was holding on to . 
  most likely a head-mounted gopro or similar action cam . 
  remember the scene kinda near the end where the hobbits are crying and gandalf and others are leaving ? 
  that takes place in the grey havens . 
  technically , the grey havens are in middle-earth , and are the place that the boats leave from to go to valinor . 
  people often confuse the two and use `` grey havens '' to refer to valinor . 
  valinor is the heaven-like place that / u/steamswitch described . 
  whoa damn , you guys are enforcing un-justified deltas now ? 
  wicked . 
  she 's either going to go far in life , or have this incredible skill ( self motivation and drive , as well as the ability to be an independent learner ) sadly purged from her at some point . 
  one time , i was home alone as my parents were out . 
  my mum called me to tell me i could reheat the spaghetti bolognese in the fridge ( she went through the process of describing how to do it and everything ) . 
  then she said `` or you could make toast '' . 
  toast it is . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i was unsure what exactly you were looking for . 
  i was wondering about a4 vs letter ( which despite being slightly different dimensions , would look more or less the same in a photo ) . 
   in what city/town did you grow up ? 
  this question is harder to answer than you would think . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i stand corrected , then . 
  it 's code ( basic , i think ) , that would print out `` nope '' over and over again . 
  ( print meaning display on the screen , not physically print it out of a printer . ), 
  hey thanks for this . 
  yeah i noticed in the preview/kickstarter video that the colours change . 
  that 's a really nice touch . 
  thanks a heap for the info about the undo button , really glad to see that . 
  and that explanation of how to use dailies and habits really helps , so thanks for that , too . 
  regarding liferpg , i just realised that i was n't very clear on that . 
  turns out there 's an [ android version ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eikosol.liferpg&amp;hl=en ) ( what i was referring to ) , as well as a windows application , over at / r/liferpg . 
  the two are completely unrelated , so far as i can tell . 
  the android app does have rewards , but so far as i can tell , it does n't have a web app , or syncing , or anything like that . 
  its todos let you set priorities ( in addition to difficulty ) , as well as deadlines and repeats , which is a nice advantage over this . 
  but overall i 'd say the automatic scaling based on how often you do things , as well as a few other things , probably make habitrpg the better choice . 
  thanks a heap for reading through all my incoherent ramblings , and for the helpful tips . 
  might be an idea to add some flair for yourself on this subreddit , just to make it clear . 
  but it 's odd , last night i was trying it out and found it was having problems at first , but when i went back just a short while later it worked absolutely perfectly for me ( probably about 1600 utc -- i do n't know if it 's something to do with how many people were trying to use it at once ) . 
  tomorrow at 2:00 the brisbane municipality concert band is playing in roma street parklands . 
  if you 're interested in music that 's fun . 
  some really cool music . 
  you 're a dad , but she never * had * a dad . 
  you just get an installer . 
  however , they do have a convenient download manager if you want to use it . 
  greens senator ? 
  that would be scott ludlum . 
  and he 's doing another one soon !, 
  ( 2nd september , if i remember correctly ) . 
  unfortunately , despite the environmental benefits of it compared to coal , the greens are too ideological to accept nuclear as a better alternative ( instead insisting on renewable resources , which are without a doubt better environmentally than nuclear , but also much less feasible for large-scale production ) . 
  it 's perhaps the biggest disagreement i ( and many left-wing libertarian australian redditors ) have with the greens . 
  heck , i would n't be surprised if in just * 100 * years it 's relatively economic to shoot it into space . 
  huh . 
  i read the title , assumed you were american , and was going to leave a comment saying that it 's not the western world , but america . 
  i was then going to say that i 've never noticed anywhere near the frightening level of reverence present in america in australia . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of an australian saying `` thank you for your service '' in the same way that happens with americans all the time . 
  my cousin recently joined the military ( has n't started yet , but he 's got his call up , or whatever it is ) . 
  people were congratulating him on it ( he left a couple of statuses on facebook ) , of course , but there was no mention of anything regarding protecting the country or fighting for what 's right . 
  it was just the generic congrats that you would give anyone who announced they got any job . 
  as for the term digger , i 'd say that at this point it 's become a term that refers to all australian military personnel . 
  sure it originally referred to the anzacs , but it 's a uniquely australian/new zealand thing , and i do n't see any harm in using the term . 
  it did n't work for me on the above comment . 
  i would recommend taking abc 's vote compass , but also take the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  in my opinion it 's a far better measure of where you stand overall . 
  but the people here would be glad to help you decide , if you can mention what sort of things are important to you . 
  you 'll certainly be able to find someone who can let you know the policies of not just the major parties , but also the plethora of incredible high-quality ( and some less high-quality ) minor parties . 
  so , what issues matter to you ? 
  is the nbn important ? 
  healthcare ? 
  education ? 
  immigration issues ? 
  perhaps the environment , or taxation ? 
  just naming a bunch of example issues to hopefully help get you started .
