  if it 's meant to be applicable internationally , none of the ones you mentioned except * perhaps * the year the us entered ww2 are really applicable . 
  the 7 continent model is not one shared worldwide . 
  most people in latin america , for example , are taught a six continent model where the americas are considered a single continent ( and called simply `` america '' ) . 
  other people prefer to merge europe and asia into eurasia . 
  the 13 original us colonies , the number of presidents , and the branches of the us 's government should be ruled out for obvious reasons . 
  i would consider excluding the year the us entered ww2 for different reasons . 
  in that case , ww2 in general is of wide international interest , but personally i 've never placed much importance on memorising dates . 
  i know that the entire war is generally considered to have gone from 1939 to 1945 , but i do n't have a clue when the us joined the war . 
  a more interesting question , to me , would be to describe the events that are considered to be the start of the war , or to be able to describe some of the debate that exists over which exact date is considered the start . 
  i remember learning in history class that while conventionally we talk about it going from germany 's invasion of poland to japan 's surrender after the atomic bombs , there are other dates that could be considered the start . 
  most notably , one could consider it to have started much earlier , when japan invaded china , since that was the first conflict that directly continued as part of ww2 , or much later when the us joined the war , since that 's when it became a truly `` world '' war . 
  to me , that entire conversation is far more interesting than memorising 1939 and 1945 , or 7 december 1941 ( which i just looked up ) . 
  i 'd probably change ( everyone ) to ( everyone , but especially us residents ) . 
  what is the reason you wanted to get these answers ? 
  i vaguely remember the op saying it was for a debate with a friend , in which case it should be [ casual ] , but that could be misremembering . 
  ( the op has been deleted . ), 
  i 'd be genuinely interested in a source on that part . 
  considering the lengths google usually goes to for privacy i 'd be very surprised if sensitive data is kept in plain text . 
  you could be remembering something about chrome passwords , which are stored locally , but are indeed left in plain text which could be considered a security risk . 
  regarding the transmission , they started encrypting because it became known as an issue . 
  prior to that , they had no reason to think it * was * being tapped . 
  what google does goes a lot beyond cookies . 
  that 's our second character on game of thrones !, 
  ( most people probably already know , but [ arya is the other ] ( http://nerdreactor.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/arya-stark.jpg ) . ), 
  [ what the fuck is up with that website ] ( http://imgur.com/07oy1tz ), 
  edit : better screenshot . 
  because dropbox autoscreenshots work like crap on dual monitor systems . 
  i was n't a fan of that question , either , because of its us-centricism . 
  what browser are you using ? 
  i just noticed it works fine for me in ie ( on windows ) and safari ( on os x ) , but it 's doing that weird thing in chrome ( on both oss ) . 
  there was a lot of misinformation going around . 
  the simple fact of it is google did ** not ** hand over data to the nsa . 
   that 's what people call right wing is n't it ? 
  not quite . 
  right wingers and left wingers can both care about the economy . 
  the important thing is how they choose to approach it . 
  right wing believes that the best solution for the overall economy of a country is to keep government intervention to an absolute minimum , while left wing thinks that regulation and government-provided services are more beneficial overall . 
  actually yeah . 
  looking at it more closely it does look like the jelly effect from a rolling shutter . 
  my bad . 
  that 's a pretty standard leftist view . 
  more extreme leftists ( communism ) would argue for complete state control of the economy , but most people would accept that competition in a market can be an important driving force . 
  what do you think about state-funded/run education , healthcare , and infrastructure ? 
  oh wow , really ? 
  source on that ? 
  i do n't recall reading anything about handedness in the books ... 
  oh now that you mention it , that does sound vaguely familiar . 
  that source is one very specific and comparatively minor infringement , and from what i can gather in the rt article , it was n't actually giving the nsa user data , so much as pushing afghani telcos into a situation where the nsa can get their data . 
  just in case you still believe that google was deliberately leaking data to the nsa , [ here 's a handy source ] ( http://youtu.be/fx8csmpits4?t=2m8s ) . 
  if you 're interested , [ this is a good source ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) for placing your political views on a scale . 
  18 days `` after the last episode of got . 
  assuming spoilers should be revealed by the end of season 4 . '', 
  my best bet is that either you are n't in the test mode , or that you have applications on it that are not permitted . 
  i know my 84 plus had a heap included with it that i had to remove before exams came around . 
  that does n't seem right . 
  there are q bunch of different apps that are * allowed * in exams , but which serve no real purpose . 
  it 's entirely possible that any individual ti-84 user might have more or less than expected by that method , depending on how many they have installed . 
  so even on users of the same calculator that 's a bad metric to use . 
  not to mention in the op it sounds like they were checking * during * the exam , as opposed to directly before them . 
  i know the first thing i did after walking into my physics exam was save the value of g to my calculator 's g alpha button . 
  no [ it 's not a law ] , it 's merely [ a benefit that they choose to embrace ] . 
  in practice , yes . 
  what you described is how right wing parties ( including the liberal national coalition here in australia , and the republican party in the us ) tend to act . 
  however , that 's very different from the right wing economic ideology , which is what i described . 
  i chose to ignore the huffington post article because it 's complete fluff . 
  all that shows is that the nsa had talks with google executives . 
  * of course * they talked . 
  that does n't give any indication that google was actively working with them , though . 
  and yes , steve gibson is a source . 
  he 's a security researcher , and one of the most prominent in the field . 
  i 'm definitely going to trust his word on a security issue more than general newspapers ( which are notorious for frequently getting any technology news wrong ) or ( no offence intended ) random people on the internet . 
  hahaha . 
  that 's more or less the same as me . 
  i 'm slightly less left and slightly more ` libertarian ' , but the same general area . 
  just a side note , it 's worth noting that the term libertarian in this model is very different from the term libertarian as it gets used in the us , or in relation to `` libertarian parties '' . 
  those parties are far right , far libertarian , by this model . 
  sure , but what i 'm trying to describe is how an individual places themselves in relation to other individuals , and this model is useful for that . 
  how about the other comments further down in this thread ? 
  that 's just not how right wing is being defined here . 
  that was a genuine question . 
  the comments that replied to you , are they spoilers for what will happen later this season ? 
  ( more importantly , i guess , i 'm hoping that they * only * spoil the rest of this season , and are n't dealing with material from books 4 or later . ), 
  [ here 's a version of it for band ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7iwiodxqd0 ) . 
  the op is orchestra . 
  both are excellent , in my opinion . 
  i read the email . 
  my previous comment was in relation to the conclusion that you and the article 's author seem to have drawn from it versus what it actually says . 
  regarding gibson , you just quoted a heap of stuff from his wikipedia page . 
  i 'm not really sure why . 
  none of it works in your favour . 
  it 's all examples of prominent security issues that he helped uncover , spun in a negative light by this thomas c greene fellow ( the author of all the register 's linked articles ) , and added to wikipedia by someone with a clear bone to pick just a few months ago . 
  [ anyway , he 's also credited with being one of the first people to discover spyware as it is known today , and creating the very first anti-spyware utility ] ( http://www.lavasoft.com/mylavasoft/securitycenter/articles/spyware-history ) . 
  if that does n't place one among the world 's most prominent security researchers in your books , you clearly have some very misguided criteria , and i have n't the time right now to put more effort into fixing it . 
  thanks for the conversation . 
  personally , i always recommend waiting for the .2 update . 
  i had a friend who had to take her mac in to get fixed after upgrading to 10.9 , and while you 'll usually be safe with the .1 update , sometimes it can introduce errors of its own . 
  but then , with operating systems i tend to be somewhat over cautious . 
  of course , you should also absolutely make sure you 've backed up your computer before updating your os , whether it 's to a stable version or a beta . 
   when you 're doing a poll/questionnaire , you 're looking for two main things : reliability ... and validity, 
  that 's only true if you want a completely unbiased outcome .
