  could you explain this `` typosquatting to search page '' thing ? 
  i do n't think it 's something i 've ever heard of before . 
  yeah i thought so . 
  the above comment confused me a little . 
  cheers . 
  ah right , i thought it was something like that . 
  the above comment confused me a little . 
  cheers . 
  does typing, 
  curl http://www.amazon.com, 
  return the full html of amazon 's homepage ? 
  the idiom is `` could n't care less '' . 
  if they 're saying `` could care less '' , they 're simply incorrectly using the idiom . 
  have you literally never come across people who speak english as a second language ? 
  i did , and that 's why i asked . 
  it * looks * like that 's what i 'm getting , but i 'm not really sure that 's what it is . 
  i do n't really mind if someone knows my general location . 
  i post in my city 's subreddit . 
  if they wan na know where i live they can use that . 
  thanks for the warning , though . 
  ( new years day already , here , by the way . 
  happy new year ! ), 
  whoa what the fuck ? 
  how is this not illegal ? 
  ( and how do you tell it apart from sites that someone bought up just to squat on with ads . ), 
  actually the language surrounding probability is confusing and kinda inconsistent . 
  `` large odds '' is generally the term used to refer to something unlikely to happen . 
  so `` fat chance '' could arguably come from that , thus making it logically consistent . 
  ah right , that makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  aoeu htns, 
  dvorak master race !, 
  serious suggestion , try and get her to learn the dvorak simplified keyboard . 
  i was an alright touch typist on qwerty , but when i switched to dvorak i became a very good touch typist . 
  the trick is to not have the physical keys rearranged or with stickers . 
  instead , just print out a picture of the keyboard and stick it under the monitor ( or next to the computer ) . 
  you can look at it at first for reference , but it 's inconvenient enough that you 'll be forced to learn to properly touch type . 
  that 's not even going in to the numerous advantages dvorak has over qwerty even for someone who 's already a good typist . 
  i 'm not familiar with this as drum terminology , but i 'm now imagining a piece switching time signatures between 5/8 and 10/2 . 
  yeah , sorry , but no . 
  ok genuine question . 
  how is this positive ? 
  i really do n't see how recognising one particular race makes any sense . 
  i 'd much rather our constitution was completely race-neutral , at least with the information i 've currently got . 
  anyone care to explain why this proposed change is a good thing ? 
  i 've heard the theories , but i saw someone else that was explaining how the theories are wrong based on the fact that `` we '' have his metronome , and it works fine today . 
  it 's quite literally * impossible * to make the first movement sound good on an electric keyboard like this . 
  most pieces will sound just fine . 
  obviously not nearly * as * good , but fine . 
  but the first movement of sonata no. 14 relies so much on the resonances of the strings that are n't being played -- something that just is n't simulated on electric pianos -- that it 's impossible to do it justice . 
  still , [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80zmsda5q8q ) 's my attempt at it on an electric piano . 
  ouch , you clearly have a low opinion of classical radio stations . 
  guess you were right in this case . 
  the next time my classical station plays satie will be [ this friday , when they play satie 's cancan ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/classic/music-listings/?date=2014-01-03 ) . 
  the station 's got a great variety of music both more obscure and really well known music . 
  i fail to see how that quote supports specifically singling out one race in the constitution . 
  in fact , it would seem to me that , taking the quote on its own , it supports the exact opposite . 
  everyone should have an equal opportunity . 
  that means everyone should have the ability to access a high quality education , should have good healthcare , and should be able to afford necessaries like clothes , food , and transportation . 
  it does n't have anything to do with mentioning one specific race in the constitution . 
  removing 25 and 51 ( xxvi ) , and inserting 116a should be completely obvious . 
  i doubt anyone would disagree with those sections . 
  i do n't mind, 
   preserve the australian government 's ability to pass laws for the benefit of aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples, 
  although i would prefer the terminology to be race-neutral . 
  the government should be allowed to pass laws for the benefit of any australian or group of australians . 
  i 'm firmly against 127a . 
  both parts of it . 
  at the moment , australia has no `` official '' language . 
  english is the de facto official language , and honestly i prefer it that way . 
  recognising the country 's `` first tongues '' seems pointless . 
  i do n't know how you do it . 
  mine almost always picks out random common words and phrases and calls them plagiarised . 
  you know what the best bugfix would be ? 
  on account of this being a bug fixed by god and all , why not just have the body not need any sustenance to survive ? 
  holy shit , 30 ? 
  i had to get my wisdom teeth removed when i was 17 or 18 . 
  got it done under general anaesthetic , though , which was nice . 
  hurt like hell once the drugs wore off though . 
  ate nothing but soup for about a week . 
  oh do n't give me that crap . 
  daylight saving time is the stupidest possible idea , with no real gain . 
  if people cared enough about having an extra hour of daylight in the * summer * ( which , i might add , is when the daylight already lasts the longest ) , then businesses could shift their working hours . 
  but it still does n't even make sense . 
  in melbourne in summer , it 's still light out at 9 . 
  if you removed dst , it 'd be light till 8 . 
  that 's still a tremendous amount of time to do whatever it is you want to do . 
  if having daylight at night matters , why on earth do n't you switch forward in the * winter * months in instead ? 
  that 's the time that needs it more . 
  did you know that the day the clocks shift , there 's a statistical spike in suicide rates and heart problems ? 
  i hope you remember that you have those on your shoulder next time you go espousing your daylight saving nonsense . 
  brisbane will have no part of it . 
  that 's a british comedy routine ? 
  i 've always associated it with american cartoons . 
  oh yeah , if you added, 
  to your hosts file , you 'd be able to always get to the pirate bay by typing thepiratebay.com , no matter what domain they use , right ? 
  ( unless they change ip address at some point . ), 
  i can one up you . 
  add, 
  to your hosts file .
