  i think of it more as if the us government 's law was based on puritanism . 
  or non red shirts with `` it '' written in red . 
  invincible \u2260 invisible . 
  invisible means you ca n't see it . 
  invincible means it ca n't be beaten . 
  yeah , probably . 
  based on the information i 've read , the principal may have been trying to be nice . 
  it 's sounds like he * may * have been informing your mums about what the other students/parents would think , rather than how the school itself would treat you . 
  this is , of course , only based on what little information i can gather from your other posts , though . 
  way too similar . 
  watching american television , i did n't even notice that they said `` mom '' until i was into my teens . 
  gcse ? 
  igcse ? 
  a-levels ? 
  in what system is less than 69 % a fail ? 
  the comment does n't say what grade he 's in . 
  also since the british system goes to year 13 , gcses are actually 10 & 11 . 
  damn , that 's super harsh . 
  unless the tests are actually quite easy . 
  i did n't make the connection of the two comments being from the same user . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  i would hope the people designing and building the aircrafts i travel in would be getting that sort of grade . 
  i was thinking of school level tests . 
  hahahaha . 
  i hope your engineering is better than your grammar . 
  but something tells me that was deliberate . 
  so do you go up to year 14 to finish ? 
  what course do you do at that age ? 
  a-levels ? 
  that website seems to refer to itself as cracked ( it at least mentions them , saying '' * please know that cracked had to check with several overseas libraries * '' ) . 
  but it 's clearly not cracked.com . 
  is it simply stealing cracked 's content ? 
  or maybe reusing it in some way ? 
  or am i simply misreading the quote ? 
  i had a piano teacher from the age of 6 -- 10 when i lived in australia . 
  i then moved to korea for three years , and now have lived in vietnam for 5 years . 
  on an inter-school trip in beijing , i met that same piano teacher , who is apparently now working in a school in manilla that was also on that trip . 
  i believe the words `` under the law '' mean that technically , the law does not differentiate between the genders . 
  obviously judges , juries , police officers , and others involved in prosecuting the law will differentiate , but the technicalities do n't . 
  i do n't know if this is true , or if this is what he was trying to say , it 's just my interpretation of what he was saying . 
  so , if you play music for the fun of it , as a hobby , you can enjoy it/have fun/whatever . 
  then , if you start getting paid to do it , you can keep doing it . 
  but if you get paid , then stop getting paid , that might motivate you to quit ? 
  that 's my understanding of what you said , but i 'm not sure it 's right . 
  is that the basic gist of it ? 
  no experience myself , but a friend of mine got an alienware laptop , and was deeply dissatisfied with it . 
  ridiculously heavy/large ( honestly , you would have trouble carrying this thing with one hand ) , not powerful enough to play bf3 at full or almost full settings ( it 's now about one and a half years old ) , massive overheating problems . 
  poor battery life . 
  he 's looking into asus for future gaming laptop needs . 
  tl ; dr of [ fair use ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fair_use ) . 
  if it 's for education , parody , or news reporting it 's * probably * fine . 
  must also take into account how important the copyrighted clip is to the work used . 
  ( effect upon work 's value ) . 
  the amount of the copyrighted work used in relation to the whole work . 
  and other factors . 
  now that you give that example , i actually remember hearing about this before !, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , it certainly is a weird phenomenon . 
  fair use is n't up to the copyright holders to decide , it 's up to the courts . 
  i do n't know what the context this particular take down was in , but i know that youtube will almost always by default give in to the copyright holder 's request to take something down , even if it is fair use . 
  i believe they 'll then put it back up if the user claims that it is fair use , but that process can take a long time . 
  since it 's an automated process , i suspect fox has decided that any clip of theirs detected will result in an automatic take-down , which means strictly speaking , no one is at fault here , except if anyone hinders the process of putting the clip back up after a fair use claim is made ( assuming , again , that it really is a clear example of fair use , and not either clearly theft , or a grey area ) . 
  edit : oh , and the point of this original post was not , strictly speaking , saying that fox was legally wrong , but that it is being rather backwards and old-fashioned . 
  it could easily have chosen to automatically put up ads ( even if it is fair use ) , and make money off of this , rather than simply taking it down . 
  especially if it ended up being overturned due to fair use , putting ads could have made them some money in the short run . 
  hmm ... 
  whether this classifies as fair use or not is very interesting . 
  clearly , given that it was meant by you to be used in the context of a pub quiz i would argue it might be fair use . 
  however , since what youtube actually sees is only 45 seconds of copyrighted content , with nothing added , i would counter-argue that it does n't classify as fair use . 
  since ianal ( oh , hahahaha ) , i 'm not going to make a conclusion on whether i think this specific example counts or not . 
  yeah , that looks like the one . 
  the weird ellipsis thing could be ( although it 's unlikely ) a combination of true ellipsis ( unicode u +2026 : on windows press alt +8230 , on mac os x it 's alt +  , and simple dots . 
  you get it in word , since word often automatically changes three dots to an ellipsis , but if you write five dots you 'll get one ellipsis and two dots , which have different spacing . 
  again , this is actually unlikely given that this is on facebook , but it 's a possibility . 
  no , it would be [ this is ] my girlfriend and me watching . 
  you always put yourself last , but whether it 's i or me depends on which one would be used if you were the only person . 
  where 's it from ? 
  what would your answer have been ? 
  i 'm curious , + op might benefit from knowing . 
  * coughvietnamcough *, 
  of course they 're written by westerners . 
  the ones written by the vietnamese are * in vietnamese * , so westerners such as ourselves probably do n't read them very often . 
  i would argue that america probably did lose militarily , though . 
  sure , they never lost a battle , but they pulled out of the war for a reason . 
  at least part of that reason was that the guerrilla tactics employed by the vietnamese were causing them to lose men in a sort of attrition-like fashion . 
  although they may never have lost an actual battle , militarily i think they did lose , overall . 
  the suit argument 's certainly an interesting one , but i think it 's unrelated to who won the war . 
  yes the western culture is seeping in to vietnam and other asian countries , but it 's not in any way through military means . 
  it 's through politics and economics that culture is becoming globalised ( or westernised , whichever you prefer ) . 
  yeah , i hate the cold , but i 'd take below freezing winters over 70 degree summers , 
  my understanding is that we ca n't have evidence of it , since evolution happens on such large time scales . 
  the reasoning is that at one time , an organism that lost a leg , or had some sort of physical or mental disorder would not be able to breed . 
  in today 's society , with modern medicine and modern cultural and political beliefs , these people can breed , thus significantly negating the effects of natural selection . 
  of course , to some extent those with immunation to certain diseases might be able to survive , but this is significantly reduced . 
  not sure why you got downvoted , seems reliable to me . 
  not just medicine and technology , though , but also culture . 
  at one time a person who was weak enough to lose an arm , or who was born with some minor mental disorder may not have been able to breed , but today people often see past those things . 
   five times sooner than, 
  urgh ... did you have to say that ? 
  it 's a mathematically incorrect statement .
