  i agree with you . 
  the game is about having fun , and a big part of that fun , for me , is exploring my character . 
  that means acting in a way that is faithful to what they would do . 
  my warlock started out without hex as well , and it was only at level 7 , after the character had developed quite a lot from how they started , that i picked up hex . 
  i also started with my highest stat in int , because the character is only a warlock ( tome ) because they got tricked into thinking they could fulfill their lifelong dream of being a wizard . 
  suboptimal choices can be great for the game , if that 's what makes sense for the character . 
  out of interest , has your character picked up the friends cantrip ? 
  along with mask of many faces , it can be a very interesting choice for a socially-oriented warlock . 
  what browser are you using ? 
  it does n't matter who you are , it 's still not a huge mistake . 
  it 's not a mistake that can lead to misinterpretation of what they meant , so it is n't a huge mistake . 
  it 's a mistake , but not a very significant one . 
  i think i have a new favourite novelty account . 
  i 've heard that firefox has some trouble displaying things correctly . 
  try chrome . 
  and there 's that dark one , too . 
  hex is a really popular choice , but by no means a `` must '' . 
  i went from levels 1 -- 6 without it and never felt lagging in the damage department . 
  the agonising blast invocation ( along with , of course , eldritch blast as a cantrip ) , though , really is a must if damage output is important to you . 
  other worthwhile spells include darkness , particularly if you take the devil 's sight invocation , friends , particularly if you take mask of many faces , and fun spells like misty step , suggestion , and invisibility . 
  i have a question , though . 
  if you made a deal with a djinn , why fiend ? 
  djinn are elemental , not fiends -- not even a little fiend-like , really . 
  if anything , i 'd say the fey is a closer option . 
   encounters seemed to go too fast for hex and it seemed like such a waste of one of your 2 spell slots . 
  by the time we had a couple of longer encounters , i had moved on to higher level spells . 
  it 's worth noting that , past a certain level ( ca n't remember what it is , 5 maybe ? ), 
  you can basically get away with casting hex once per day , since it lasts for 8 hours , as long as you do n't take damage and lose concentration . 
  hex scales fairly well , too , since you get the extra 1d6 for each attack , and eldritch blast is making two * separate * attacks at level 5 . 
  what about those you hear and there ? 
  yeah the important part is n't the `` subsequent turn '' , it 's the '' * a * subsequent turn '' ( as opposed to * the * subsequent turn ) , which indicates that it does n't have to be the next turn , or even anything particularly soon . 
  cheers for the downvote . 
  ever heard the phrase `` do n't shoot the messenger '' ? 
  i 'm just passing on the word of the natural crit dev . 
  firefox does n't work properly with it . 
   the corollary to any point-buy vs random roll discussion is that if you 're going to inject so many fail-safe clauses into your random roll process , you might as well use point-buy anyway . 
  people say this all the time , and personally i think it 's a rubbish argument . 
  point buy incentivises min-maxing and inevitably results in samish characters , whereas rolling within bounds can have a lot of variety , from one character that 's got an 18 , a 12 , and a bunch of 11-8s , to another with four 14s and a couple of 10s . 
  you ca n't get that with point buy . 
  but a good and reasonable dm will also require rerolls to avoid insanely good results , which skews the results back to normal . 
  i just ca n't see what logic any reasonable person could use to allow rerolling weak characters but * not * force rerolling strong ones . 
  there 's obviously a lot of room for variation in what one considers `` too strong '' or `` too weak '' , but the basic concept of rerolling towards the middle just seems obvious , to me . 
  yes there is . 
  you ca n't go below 8 , or above 15 . 
  but even beyond that , it 's the psychology of the whole thing . 
  it * feels * more wrong to have a high int warlock with point buy than it would when assigning scores from rolling . 
  you 're right about the problem , but your solution takes exactly the wrong approach . 
  public transport should n't be running on the same principles that private enterprise has to . 
  it 's providing an important service that people rely on . 
  they could perhaps reduce the frequency of extremely unpopular routes at non-peak times , but removing routes entirely , unless those routes are redundant , would be doing a disservice . 
  in my opinion , the only substantial problem with public transport as it currently exists is price . 
  the service ca n't really afford to get much worse , but nor does it particularly need improving . 
  it needs to be made cheaper , either by government subsidy , or by a simple price ceiling ( i 'm not sure how much profit translink makes to know whether the latter is a viable option ) , or more likely a combination of the two . 
  never ? 
  no , just with far less frequency . 
  yes , definitely . 
  the spell lasts for 8 hours after a certain spell slot ( i think 3rd , but i do n't have my book at hand -- it lasts for 24 hours later on again ) , and if its previous target dropped to 0 hp , and you never lost concentration ( note : short rests do * not * make you lose concentration , though long rests generally will ) , you can use a bonus action to reapply the hex to another target . 
  it 's without a doubt raw . 
  i ca n't even explain why this is , because i ca n't see any reason that anyone would argue otherwise . 
  but perhaps if you could explain why you 're doubtful i could help clear things up . 
  and it 's fairly clearly rai , because otherwise , what would be the point of the longer duration ? 
  it would make the spell utterly useless at higher spell slot levels . 
  if you need more convincing ( or just want a little bit of extra surety ) , [ here 's jeremy crawford 's statement ] ( http://www.sageadvice.eu/2015/10/02/hex-concentration/ ) on the matter . 
  yup , at level 5 you can quite comfortably be doing a total of 2d10 +2 d6 +8 damage per turn , for an average of 26 . 
  hard to beat that for sustained damage at a distance . 
  i mean , sure , they do n't make a true `` profit '' in the sense that a private enterprise would , because they 're a government run agency . 
  but really , that 's beside the point , in terms of practicalities . 
  i was referring to the difference between revenue and the amount of money spent on usefully running the business, 
  they certainly generate a lot more revenue than goes usefully back into running the business , with executives taking huge bonuses , and prices for consumers increasing at well above cpi inflation . 
  there 's no good reason that the price could n't be decreased without impacting services in a substantial way . 
  make a few small service cuts here and there , sure , but do n't drop the overall level of service in an appreciable way . 
  no , of course not . 
  that 's why i 'm advocating for more government funding . 
  but they could also cut their operating expenses without getting more funding , by reducing bonuses . 
  they 're increasing cost at something like 3 times the rate of inflation . 
  clearly they were able to function previously , so why the discrepancy ? 
  honestly i loved the warlock for ages without ever taking hex in * any * form . 
  it really is a fun class . 
  yeah , i find it really interesting just for the sheer number of discrete choices . 
  you start off by picking one of the patrons , in addition to spells and cantrips . 
  then you 've got a number of invocations to choose from , and then you 've got a pact boon to select . 
  no one else , to my knowledge , gets anywhere * near * the same level of versatility . 
  i 'm like ... 90 % sure this was sarcasm , but that 10 % has me scratching my head . 
  cantrips scale with character level , not with class level or spellcaster level . 
  out of curiosity , what might a dexterity ( athletics ) check be for which * would n't * be more adequately covered by dex ( acrobatics ) . 
  he 's right in one sense . 
  the bounded accuracy of 5e , which has great benefits overall , in that it keeps lower level characters somewhat useful even in higher level parties , and lower level monsters viable en masse versus higher level parties , does have the minor drawback of making the game more `` swingy '' and prone to putting things more `` at the mercy of the dice '' than previous editions , where modifiers had a much more substantial role to play . 
   illustration created for the videogame soul sacrifice on the playstation vita and altered by / u/20d12hd, 
  as much as i hate this as an explanation for anything in film or television , i think the only viable answer is `` through the power of plot '' . 
  i never got the textbook , and never felt like i was missing anything . 
  to be honest , that 's pretty much how i 've felt about my entire software engineering degree so far . 
  the lecturers are great about putting the information you actually need on slides or in other materials , and they rarely if ever reference textbooks . 
   we 're top chicken . 
   a cat is a tiny tiger that lives in your house . 
  both these little lines had me laughing out loud . 
   most of the non-eurasian megafauna, 
  i 'm curious , what specific examples are you thinking of here ? 
  i definitely ca n't think of any historical australian megafauna that ever could have been domesticated in a useful way , and my vague passing understanding of megafauna in the americas and africa does n't bring up any megafauna that went extinct there because of human intervention which could have been useful . 
  they 're a pretty shitty lot , but really , they 're practically saints compared to badlinguistics . 
  let us hope grey never does a video on that topic ...
