  i just want to especially comment on the music , which has always been good in this show , but this episode really brought it up a notch . 
  the duduk stuff during the slingshot scene was really clever , definitely added to the atmosphere in that scene . 
  the light orchestral stuff when ki was making her game was great , too . 
  really uplifting . 
  but was was really amazing was the emotional piano music that went on throughout the third act this episode . 
  it reminded me a fair bit of `` a question and an answer '' from chuck , which is one of my absolute favourites . 
  really helped you feel the emotion in those scenes . 
  he also worked at news of the world and the sun , which are murdoch papers . 
  wind is generally used synonymously with woodwind , which takes significantly more effort to type , especially on a phone . 
  sure , sometimes it can also include brass , but that 's less common . 
  13 \u00b0 is a temperature that i 'd normally be wrapped up like his floridian friend . 
  but running ? 
  fuck no , you 'd boil . 
  i run in shorts and a t-shirt ( or sleeveless shirt ) no matter what the temperature . 
   not running, 
  agreed . 
  anything below about 20 \u00b0 and i 'm rugged up like it 's snowing out . 
  but running ? 
  god no . 
  that 's shorts and a t-shirt/sleeveless shirt no matter what the temperature . 
  i agree that 25 is ideal , i just disagree on the units ( i think ... 
  i 'm assuming you 're talking \u00b0 f ) . 
  yeah i would 've had no clue what he 's talking about otherwise . 
  oh god . 
  pyne 's bad , but i do n't think he 's quite * that * bad . 
   who was on the grassy knoll ? 
  pretty sure it 's that mascot from the first gif . 
  he seemed pretty shady to me . 
  i 'd say it 's probably fake , but it 's not totally unbelievable . 
  the kiss cam things are pretty well known about , so if you were going with your sister to a game that had one , it might make sense to bring one just in case . 
  i just wish ipv6 would become more widely used . 
  really , all i want is to telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl and watch star wars in colour ascii . 
  yeah , the most basic first-year web design course at my uni does html and css , as well as some really basic js . 
  it seems odd to think that anyone would learn * just * html . 
  haha knew what that would be without clicking it . 
  tom scott is an absolutely brilliant storyteller , the way he gets more and more frustrated , before delivering the end trick was just brilliant . 
  [ his internationalis ( z ) ation video is also great ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j74jcxsuny ) . 
  oh god no . 
  sure , it looks good when a party as bad as the current liberal party is in power , and clearly the majority disagrees with them , but it would be totally unmanageable in the long run . 
  people would never vote to increase taxes , and so you would never be able to afford important education , healthcare , and infrastructure policies . 
  it would be total tyranny of the majority . 
  a much better idea would be a more proportional representative system . 
  i would suggest merging electorates into groups of 4 -- 6 , and electing members by stv . 
  it would work best with a significant increase in the number of members , from 150 to something like 200 . 
  `` arabic '' numbers are only called that because people are too lazy to say their full name , which is `` hindu-arabic '' numbers . 
  but then , i guess many of the examples he gave in that little section were n't entirely accurate . 
  few musicians call it the `` french '' horn ( it 's just the horn , or horn in f , if necessary ) , and hardly anyone actually says koala bear . 
  i found it amusing that he mentioned `` snail mail '' in his discussion of skeuomorphs , without mentioning that snail mail itself has little to do with snails . 
  i thought this was a particularly good video , all up . 
  seemed much more focussed than many vsauce videos . 
  does anyone know what the labor party 's stance on this is ? 
  if my local mp is a member of the labor party , is it worth writing to him ? 
  if he 's already against it , then there is n't any particular point . 
   you messed up your comment formatting, 
  no , reddit/markdown messed up his formatting . 
  turning a line starting with any number followed by a full stop into an ordered list starting at 1 is the dumbest bit of syntax in markdown . 
  i 've managed to find most episodes on youtube . 
  i was watching them in order until i got distracted by some other british panel shows ( namely 8 out of 10 cats and would i lie to you ) . 
  i think i got half way through the second season without missing any episodes . 
  i have n't read world war z , but from the sounds of it , it 's a pretty similar format to bram stoker 's dracula ( which i also have n't read , but have read the wikipedia summary of ) . 
   the story is told in epistolary format , as a series of letters , diary entries , and ships ' log entries , whose narrators are the novel 's protagonists , and occasionally supplemented with newspaper clippings relating events not directly witnessed . 
  that 's been made into dozens of films , plays , and musicals , many of which are really good . 
  it requires some careful thought to translate from the original format to a traditional narrative , but it can be done . 
  seriously , that ending was such crap . 
  it 's like he read lord of the rings , decided he liked how it ended , and threw in his own copy of that , but without having any of the important lead-up to it . 
  it felt completely unnecessary . 
  i 've got ta be honest , three films for the hobbit is ridiculous , but i can * easily * see it being two . 
  the hobbit as a book was * incredibly * dense . 
  a lot of stuff happens in relatively few pages . 
  contrast it to the lord of the rings which is * extremely * slow-paced . 
  pages upon pages of very little happening . 
  add to that the extra stuff they 've added in with the white council , the necromancer , etc. , ( which i for one have really enjoyed thus far ) and i can easily see two movies . 
  the only problem i had with the last two hobbit movies was a few scenes that went on for way too long . 
  namely , when they were escaping the cave of the goblins , the barrel scene ( which * really * should have stuck to the simple trick of the book , and not been made into an action scene ) , and that whole sequence in erebor with the dwarves and bilbo trying to escape smaug . 
  possibly also the rabbit sledding scene with radagast . 
  basically , if they cut down on the length of the action/escape-y sequences , it 'd be a great pair of films . 
  heck , they could even do three more normal-lengthed films with it . 
  assuming you 're an adult , i would n't highly recommend it . 
  i started reading eragon at the age of about 13/14 , and it was great , but by the time the last book came out ( when i was 18 ) , i could really notice that it was not very well written at all . 
  assuming you 're an adult , i would n't highly recommend it . 
  i started reading eragon at the age of about 13/14 , and it was great , but by the time the last book came out ( when i was 18 ) , i could really notice that it was not very well written at all . 
  it 's not terrible , by any means . 
  the actual story ( at least in the first couple of books ) is pretty decent , and it comes from a really clever premise , but the last two books really failed to deliver . 
  well that makes sense . 
  if nobody is able to get into games on diameter , then there 'll be no players on it at all . 
  i do n't use them ( because they 're not available in my country ) , but i 've heard good things about [ harry 's razors ] ( https://www.harrys.com/products/harrys-blades ) , which are substantially cheaper than gillette and other mainstream normal razors . 
  according to that page , buying in bulk you can get them for just over $ 1.50 each , and even the minimum quantity is $ 2.00 each . 
  i just want to point out that this is one of the rare cases where it would have been better to us `` effect '' as a very , rather than `` affect '' ( though the latter does work as well ) . 
  yes ( though my field is softeng , so i 'd never see them anyway ) and no , respectively . 
  i was never aware that a difference was made between pound as mass and pound as force . 
  are the two equal at 9.81 ms ^ ( -2 ) ? 
  i 'm still a little unclear on what g_c is . 
  is it just the value of gravitational acceleration at sea level ? 
  ( i.e. , equivalent to 9.81 ms ^ ( -2 ) ? ), 
  it seems odd to refer to that as any sort of `` constant '' , when it 's a value that 's really only approximately correct at sea level on earth . 
  thanks for the clarification , though . 
  yeah , i just saw that there were 20 days to go , so i asked it to remind me in 19 days . 
  so it set the reminder to exactly 19 \\* 24 \\* 60 \\* 60 seconds after it read my comment . 
  28 hours `` pi in unix time '', 
  i agree that gif should be pronounced with a soft g.
