  the idea of it , imo , is to convince more people that they should be willing to donate . 
  it segregates people , sure , but it segregates people based purely on their own choices ( i assume this would n't include people ineligible to donate for whatever reason ) . 
  there 's a shortage of donors , so it 's not like the organs would ever go to waste . 
  it just means that people who are willing to donate themselves would get priority over those who are n't . 
  why should someone who 's being selfish enough to deny others the same chance at life that they hope to receive be able to receive that organ over someone who is willing to give theirs ? 
  the developed countries thing is a reference to the fact that the same level of advertising just does n't exist overseas . 
  probably due to the advertising partners not paying to display their ads to viewers in other countries . 
  and like i said , i have nothing wrong with advertising . 
  it 's a necessary part of the free internet . 
  my issue is with how obnoxious it has gotten on youtube lately . 
  the banner ad that popped up at 10 seconds in , and the square box that was next to the video , those are fine . 
  i 'm perfectly happy having them there . 
  but pre-roll ads and giant animated banners on the home page , those i 'm not okay with . 
  they get in the way of the experience far too much . 
  yep , the same issue occurs in safari . 
  i 've uninstalled it using the link you mentioned , now which version would it be best to reinstall ? 
  i assume it would be 6 , since it says 7 is only for 64-bit browsers . 
  would i use [ this apple link ] ( http://support.apple.com/kb/ht5559?viewlocale=en_us ) for reinstalling it ? 
  this leaves me with a weird position . 
  is there no way to have java 7 working with 64-bit to prevent issues in minecraft , while also having java 6 working through chrome , so that java applications will work in it ? 
  i 'm really , * really * intrigued by this , but the description is incredibly lacking . 
  i do n't feel i have a good understand of what the gameplay is actually like . 
  definitely gon na look into it a bit more !, 
  oh right !, 
  based on the diagram , i had assumed it works by somehow connecting both devices to the same two ports . 
  awesome , this makes it much easier . 
  my only question would be , how do you make sure it knows you 're giving it an analogue port ? 
  as a more general arduino thing , it seems that you usually just enter a number and it can work out which is the correct type of port . 
  edit : that was n't my only question . 
  also , does this method need the pull up resistors ( or any resistors ) from the diagram ? 
  when using a single magnetometer and the wire methods , they have n't been necessary . 
  it does ? 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  i 'll definitely have to look in to changing the settings and start from scratch . 
  ( on mobile atm , so it 's not particularly relevant . ), 
  cheers !, 
  haha fair enough . 
  i kinda figured op may have edited that bit . 
  you were n't the only one asking about it . 
  no , i was talking about high school . 
  i 'm only in my first semester at uni , and i 'm not yet familiar with how extra time may work here . 
  could you explain your situation regarding extra time ? 
  who gets it , and on what conditions ? 
  i was mainly talking from the perspective of external exams , specifically the ib , though it should apply to any external exams , and even internal exams if they 're taken seriously . 
  i studied it in high school . 
  in year 9 ( of a 13 year system ) we did a huge unit on poetry from wwi . 
  this poem probably stuck out the most of all of them , to me . 
  i assumed / u/absurdmind was making a holocaust denial joke ... 
  but i guess it probably makes more sense interpreted the way you did . 
  it 's short run thinking , but it 's * not * something we can criticise voters for . 
  by avoiding voting for a party they know ca n't win , in a system without preferences where that vote will take a vote away from their preferred major candidate , they are doing the smart thing and giving their preferred candidate the best chance of getting in . 
  this obviously does n't apply if you do n't have a preferred major candidate , and dislike both equally . 
  most people , however , do prefer one of the major parties , and do n't want that one to lose out . 
  in a fptp voting system , smart voters vote for their preferred major party unless their area has a clear winner already , or they literally could not care less which of the major parties wins . 
  if you want that to change , you need to push for a different voting method , such as a mixed member proportional , or one of the many types of preferential voting , but it ca n't change as long as you have fptp . 
  not at all . 
  in a race , the level of work produced is equal to the speed at which you can go . 
  in academic work , such as at school , the speed at which you work and the quality of that work are two largely independent factors . 
  as / u/julesjacobs said :, 
   tests are not indicative of the real world . 
  for instance if you have a dyslexic person and that person is taking a physics test , he will be slower at reading the questions . 
  but in the real world , work does n't consist of a series of written down questions . 
  so the test was trying to measure ability at physics , but for dyslexics it 's inadvertently measuring reading speed . 
  by giving dyslexics more time to read , the test can give a better measurement of the quality that it is actually intended to measure . 
   voting for a third party candidate is not absurd, 
  definitely . 
  i agree with you and not op in this regard . 
   also if you live in an area that is not a swing state then it could be argued that voting for either major party has less of an effect than voting for a third party candidate, 
  i thought i covered this, 
    unless their area has a clear winner already, 
  but anyway ,, 
   it seems like the easier chain to break would be giving third parties greater legitimacy and power, 
  i disagree here . 
  if there was a strong enough movement among the people calling for a change to the voting system ( from what i 've seen , as an outsider 's perspective , this * has n't * happened so far in the us ) , then the major parties would soon enough be forced to support it . 
  i do n't believe that changing people 's natural defensive instinct when it comes to voting is as simple as that , and nor would it be particularly wise . 
  just curious , but what if you 're likely to have tooth injuries/breakages/whatever due to , for example , contact sports ? 
  yes , food addiction is n't a physical addiction , it 's a psychological one . 
  but do n't dismiss it because of that . 
  psychological addictions can be incredibly difficult to break . 
  sure you do n't necessarily get the same physical health issues when you try to break them , but they can still be very difficult for most people to break . 
  you got a source for that ? 
  oh yes , i remember that now . 
  yeah , there 're definitely a bunch of common questions that we need standard answers to . 
  is dental insurance a scam in that case ? 
  or jelly and ice cream ? 
  no interest in two souls ? 
  two separate responses to your opinion :, 
  remember that to award a delta you do n't need to do a complete 180 in your views . 
  just changed * in any way * . 
  maybe they brought to light some facts that you did n't know about your belief that make you add one specific exception to what you previously believed . 
  that would warrant a delta . 
  also consider , maybe they write up their opinion as an exaggeration of what they believe , when in fact they are already starting to sway in one direction and are looking for more information to see if they will go the whole way . 
  for example , maybe they hold deep racist views , but they know in their heart that 's `` wrong '' , they just ca n't quite shake it . 
  coming to / r/cmv for some well-reasoned arguments against it , preferably backed up with statistics and facts , is to help them get over that . 
  i 'd like to start off by saying i think you 're making an unfair comparison . 
  you say the trek * movies * have never intrigued you as much as the star wars movies . 
  i 'd say your problem is using the movies . 
  in my opinion , star trek movies are fairly awful . 
  they 're action flicks . 
  the star trek show is much , much deeper .
