  your article does n't refute anything i said , though . 
  it says it may be slower because it reroutes to 911 ( the same is true with 999 in the uk and 000 in australia ) . 
  but i never claimed it would n't be . 
  i also have never seen this on facebook . 
  it 's something i happen to know because i 'm interested in technology ( hence you find my on this subreddit ) . 
  maybe try not to take everything you read on some random small-time newspaper at face value ? 
  the point is that a person should n't * have * to carry two pairs of glasses with them . 
  especially since the fears that banning glass would allay are completed nonsensical . 
  no film company will ever lose any money to a recording from google glass . 
  never mind that glass ca n't record that long anyway ( due to time recording limits and -- even if the artificial time limits are removed -- battery restraints ) , nobody can hold their head still enough for long enough to make an even remotely usable copy . 
  cams that you find online are typically done in east asia or russia , where you can bet such ridiculous laws are * not * going to be passed or enforced . 
  even then , cams are more often than not barely watchable . 
  the fear of glass being used to record a film is stupid , and banning someone from wearing their prescription glasses in a cinema is discriminatory against anyone who wears glasses and does n't always carry around a second pair ( which is a fairly ridiculous notion ) . 
  i 've never heard of a place turning people away for bringing their mobile phones with them . 
  can you not get it through your head that maybe some people will only be able to actually watch the movie with their glasses on their head ? 
  it 's really not that complicated . 
  the whole thing with a baseball game and liquor was stupid and if that 's the sort of stuff you 're going to come up with , then good day . 
  you say that as if it 's a justified response . 
  arresting someone for trying to take a short clip of a movie is just stupid , and you should feel bad for being willing to do that . 
  i did n't realise ... 
  i use mymaingmail+thenameofthewebsite@gmail.com for spam . 
  for example , zagorath+reddit@gmail.com is what i 'd use if i thought reddit might send me spam . 
  that way , i know exactly which sites have been revealing my email to third parties , because when the email comes back i can see it was sent to zagorath+reddit@gmail.com, even though it is n't from reddit . 
  ( note , my email is n't actually zagorath@gmail.com, and i do n't actually get spam from reddit . ), 
  yeah seriously . 
  i already knew it was a thing because i follow tech news . 
  one interesting thing i heard was people theorising that they might start paying youtube celebrities to release their videos exclusively or timed-exclusively on their service instead , to drive their audience to use yahoo . 
  mayer has obviously been looking for ways to get people to start using the service . 
  once you 've got people 's foot in the door , they 're likely to keep using the service . 
  community will do a great job of that . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  the clip wo n't play here . 
  but anyway , i think i know the one you mean . 
  my response is , so ? 
  it 's a comedy sketch and anyone can logically see that this is n't what anyone reasonable actually thinks . 
  it 's a potentially extremely useful technology , and fearmongering over it in this way is not so different to tv providers trying to keep their business model going by slowing down internet access to online competitors like netflix . 
  then require glass be turned off , not that it be removed completely . 
  that 's not unreasonable , and that would n't hinder people who are just trying to watch a damn movie . 
  knock out the lightbulb with a ballista ? 
  maybe it 's 4 ghz single core ? 
  6 gb ram is definitely not low quality , but 80 gb if it 's not ssd is * really * little . 
  as / u/jonpaula said , it 's trivially easy to become a youtube `` partner '' . 
  actually making money after being a partner is trickier , because they 'll want bank details , but you do n't need to go to that step to get the extra features like scheduling . 
  just go [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/yt/creators/creator-benefits.html ) and press `` verify your channel '' . 
  as far as i can tell it 's only if you have paid for the character generator from insider . 
  i could n't see any way to create a character from within the app . 
  a backslash is more semantically correct . 
  in terms of worldoad , as / u/tony18rox said , ib is definitely harder . 
  in terms of difficulty , i was told in school that ib would be harder than first year uni in any programme apart from medicine and engineering . 
  from what i 've seen here at uni , that seems to be fairly true . 
  i was under the impression that a significant amount of the matter in stars is in the form of a plasma . 
  wait , your code does n't just write itself ? 
  there 's the programmer 's dvorak layout , which switches ; and ' from standard dvorak ( among other changes ) . 
  on my mac i just tell them `` press control-space '' . 
  on my windows desktop i tell them `` press ctrl-shift '' . 
  because i have those set to toggle between my keyboard layouts . 
  i 've got mine set to control-space . 
  i do n't know if that 's the default , though , or if i 've customised it to that . 
  that 's the one i made for the first two months . 
  yeah i made a custom variation of it ( using [ ukelele ] ( http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&amp;id=ukelele ) on my mac and [ keyboard layout manager ] ( http://www.klm32.com/ ) on my windows desktop ) that puts the numbers back in order and makes a couple of other small changes to the original layout . 
  it 's incredibly convenient compared to both qwerty and standard dvorak . 
  edit : [ what mine looks like ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aqa3kbj.png ) ( though for some reason the keyboard viewer puts esc in a weird place , as well as smushing up \\ and del. 
  all the numbers are in the same place as they normally are on a keyboard . 
  i get a lot of flack every time i say this , but i really do n't think half-life held up very well . 
  every time i fall off of something ( especially god damn ladders ) , or push a box 20 metres when i only meant to move it 1 , and all the other annoying problems it has mechanically , i just have to wonder why i am bothering pushing through it . 
  it 's not like it has any fantastic story to make up for the bad mechanics ( like i feel the witcher and dragon age both do , although i like neither of their gameplay -- in da 's case it 's certainly more of a preference thing ) . 
  in fact , it feels like it 's got virtually no story at all . 
  i can see what it has that made it great for it 's time , but i ca n't see how anyone could say it held up will in any serious respect . 
  i gave two examples of rpgs with mechanics i did n't like , but which at least had story good enough to put up with the mechanics . 
  half-life has both bad mechanics -- this is not a value judgement , it 's ridiculously and unrealistically easy to fall off of ladders , and it 's virtually impossible to move a box a controlled amount -- and imo lacks any interesting story . 
  right but i do n't think i am comparing apples to oranges . 
  my point is quite simple : is the game worth playing or not ? 
  if it has a good enough experience when you combine gameplay and story , then it 's worth playing . 
  so , if the game has great gameplay , then a mediocre story is n't a problem . 
  conversely , if it has a great story , then i can put up with bad mechanics . 
  a game like the witcher has , in my opinion , pretty bad gameplay . 
  the story is good enough , though , that i keep playing . 
  half-life also has bad gameplay , but its story does n't make up for that . 
  the same basic formula can be applied to any game of any genre . 
  i love the gameplay in civ , so it 's worth playing despite the complete lack of story . 
  so it 's not really comparing apples to oranges . 
  [ regarding the box thing ] ( http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/43362-half-life/58088209 ) . 
  i 'm clearly not the only one with this problem . 
  it 's just shoddy mechanics , there 's no two ways about it . 
  it would n't be a problem if the game did n't actually ask you to constantly solve half-arsed puzzles involving the boxes . 
  edit : regarding ladders , [ this describes some problems with them ] ( http://half-life.wikia.com/wiki/half-life ), 
   certain control issues are generally regarded as being a problem , such as ladder bounce ( where disconnecting from a ladder gives a sideways vector boost , which can be highly undesirable when trying to move near a ladder on a platform over a fall ) , fall push ( where moving off a platform into a fall gives a sideways vector boost ) , and jumping from platforms ( where the graphics engine tends to lead the player to think a jump can be made later than it actually can ) . 
  my biggest problem with ladders is one not described there , though . 
  if you want to go * down * a ladder it 's virtually impossible . 
  the game will almost always just make you jump straight off the ledge and die . 
  the problem with jumping off platforms is a very serious one that i forgot about previously , but it 's caused me problems many times . 
  yes i have played the game . 
  not to completion because it became too frustrating after a while , but i 've gotten more than half way through . 
  you ca n't blame me if the rosy glasses of nostalgia cloud your ability to make an objective judgment of the game . 
  you simply can not drag boxes around , and yet you frequently are required to move them . 
  the only way to do it is to rather clumsily walk into them facing the direction you want to move them . 
  god forbid you want to drag them backwards or sideways . 
  see the edit for some stuff about ladders . 
  yeah i can appreciate that . 
  i 'm sure it was a great game for the time , and it probably deserved every bit of the praise it got at the time .
