  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  if you 're going g down the route of allowing non-japanese animation to be anime , the art style is what does it , first and foremost . 
  the way characters behave is probably second ( that whole super over-the-top reactions to everything , with everything massively over acted ) . 
  by the definition you gave , young justice would be anime , but it looks and feels * nothing * like an anime . 
  personally , i do n't think avatar is an anime , because while it has some of the visual aesthetic , it does n't have nearly the same degree of over acting that makes most animes unbearable to me . 
  but others may disagree on that front . 
  as for that statement about anime being higher quality than other cartoons . 
  that 's just cultural elitist bullshit . 
  i was gon na go for my first run after a month or so off today . 
  guess mother nature had different plans . 
  indeed . 
  the best choice is robot designer , because robot design should be the last thing humans ever have to do . 
  once robots can design themselves , humans wo n't be needed for anything any more . 
  minimum wage in australia is around $ 15 , and maccas is n't using robots here . 
  of course , one ca n't make that comparison that simply , because there are other factors involved . 
  certainly a jump of almost double in the minimum wage is going to have a significant impact . 
  really , the minimum wage in any developed country should increase * at least * at the rate of inflation . 
  that 's the biggest problem with this issue in america . 
  it * has n't * kept up with inflation in decades . 
  you seem to be making an argument against something that the person you replied to did n't say . 
  he specifically said `` octopuses [ is ] accepted as common use '' . 
  you 're arguing against someone who was claiming octopuses is * wrong * , which nobody here has said . 
  besides , octopodes is confusing and unclear ? 
  i do n't know about you , but most of my friends and i are intelligent enough that we could work out from the stem of the word , and from the context in which it is used , that it is clearly meant as the plural of octopus . 
  stop being such a false intellectual and recognise that many people do prefer the term octopodes , and those people * are * *** not *** * wrong * , and insisting on octopuses is * not * better . 
  he brought it up because the user he was replying to had asked the question . 
  i imagine he would n't have done so if the user had simply said `` octopuses '' with confidence . 
  it is with that context in mind that your comment comes across as arrogant . 
  it was n't necessary to correct it in such an arrogant manner , that 's all i 'm trying to point out . 
  so the well-known story of [ sir bearington ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dndgreentext/comments/2179ea/sir_bearington/ ) , it turns out , is not the original . 
  if you look at the date on it , it appeared on 4chan in 2011 . 
  the story posted here came out a little earlier ; in 2010 . 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  downvote and move on . 
  the lowest a wizard can have in 4e is 18 hp . 
  10 + con score . 
  my college ( one of the colleges at the university of queensland ) put solar panels in at the start of this year . 
  they reckon they 'll have paid themselves off after just * two * years . 
  second year software engineering student here , i do n't really understand your question . 
  you 're asking why it 's important for your code to be readable by someone 5 years from now ? 
  the answer is simple , albeit somewhat recursive . 
  it means someone five years from now can use your code and fix it or alter it . 
  are you really including begs the question with those ? 
  i mean , the mistaken interpretation of that is so common now , so widely used , that one could almost claim it 's a correct usage now . 
  not to mention that a simple parsing of the phrase could easily lead to the common modern usage of it ( i.e. , `` it begs that the question be asked '' ) . 
  does n't have to be for the throne . 
  one could be the heir apparent to any hereditary title . 
  for example , at the start of a song of ice and fire , robb stark was heir apparent to winterfell . 
  probably best not to use the definition that you used there , because that could cause confusion between heir apparent and heir presumptive . 
  heir apparent is more like `` definitely the successor '' . 
  they ca n't be displaced by someone else being born . 
  heir presumptive , on the other hand , is an heir who can be displaced by the birth of someone else . 
  for example , when she was young , elizabeth alexandra mary of house windsor was heir presumptive to the throne of the united kingdom and its domains . 
  however , had her father , king george vi , and mother had a son after elizabeth was born , he would have become heir apparent , since at the time the uk used male-preference cognatic primogeniture ( i.e. , a male was given preference over a female , even if she were older , however in the absense of any males , a female will take the title ) . 
  ca n't say i 've ever seen bold-faced liar before . 
  that one does n't really make sense to me . 
  bald-faced refers to the fact that its a lie that 's obvious because it is n't concealed ( by facial hair ) . 
  what does bold-faced refer to ? 
  their face is thick and heavy ? 
  a quick google search tells me that it 's the [ third last episode ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_breaking_bad_episodes#season_5_.282012.e2.80.9313.29 ) . 
  the entrance to most houses i 've been to would be what you call a classroom lock . 
  but anyway , thanks for the detailed and insightful comment . 
  i found it very interesting . 
  [ indeed . 
  ] ( https://www.grc.com/sn/sn-468.htm ) ( do a ctrl/cmd-f for xkcd ) . 
  randall is trying to help , i 'm sure , but he 's really misleading a lot of people in that comic . 
  4 words is a hell of a lot better than one , but 20 pseudo randomly generated characters stored in a password management system is so much better . 
  or even four words with random causing , numbers , and symbols added in . 
  she was only outmatched in the ring because the rules of the game meant that her traditional style if bending were not allowed . 
  as / u/pezzshnitsol said , she could n't throw people at the side of the arena , but perhaps the most important thing is that her bending had to be short little bursts . 
  the water bender is n't allowed to have large long spouts of water . 
   but turtleslive@ponds would n't . 
  that probably would n't be all that great . 
  a smart dictionary attack would probably get it . 
  turtleslive@7ponds would be very strong , though . 
  easy to remember , i 've capitalised every four letters , and added an extra detail : the number of ponds the turtles live at . 
  50 characters is a massive underestimate . 
  you 've got 62 characters before any symbols are taken into account . 
  just shy of 100 when you take a the symbols on a standard us keyboard . 
  but anyway , you 're right that 20 random characters is hard to remember , but that 's what password managers are for . 
  lastpass is fantastic , but there are also systems you can roll yourself if you do n't trust a cloud based system ( though security expert steve gibson has repeatedly endorsed lp as being totally secure ) . 
  this way , you only really need one very strong password . 
  but if you do n't want one at all , you can do your five english words and still have a lot of the security of a pseudo randomly generated password . 
  add random casing , numbers , and symbols . 
  i look at another screen , and right now i see, 
   gentlemen , surely you must be, 
  i could make every fourth character capitalised , starting with the second , like so :, 
   gentlemen , surelyyoumustbe, 
  then i can add in some numbers and symbols :, 
   @ 6gentlemen , surely ( you ) mustbe20 ? 
  and now we 've got a password that is unbelievably strong , but also easy to remember . 
  at 6 gentlemen , surely ( you ) must be 20 ? 
  with spaces removed , and a simple rule for casing . 
  oh man , you just got me thinking . 
  a haiku bot would be so damn easy to east asian languages ( or at least the ones that i 'm familiar with ) . 
  it 's built in to the writing system . 
  in korean , japanese ( as far as i 'm aware ) and chinese , each `` block '' ( to use a term that should fit all of them ) is a single syllable . 
  in vietnamese , each word ( separated by a space ) is monosyllabic . 
  i 'm not sure how this haiku bot has implemented it , but i have noticed it does make mistakes occasionally . 
  i suspect it may be using a heuristic model , or possibly a hybrid of heuristics and a hash ( hash common words , and try to work it out for anything it does n't have ) .
