  microsoft did n't want to waste personnel resources bothering with it . 
  especially when , quite frankly , no one is making their purchase decision based on the fact that windows has space cadet pinball . 
  i hope that 's being cooled by having liquid nitrogen constantly poured right over it . 
  i do not believe that the constitution of our nation should mention * any * race . 
  we should recognise that all peoples are equal , and that the commonwealth should not have the power to discriminate against anyone on the basis of race . 
  but i do not believe that we should recognise any race as having any more or less significance than any other . 
  my proposal would be to repeal 25 and 51 ( xxvi ) , and add 177a , but no more . 
  some people might say they would , but i really doubt anyone is switching to linux or os x because they ca n't get pinball on windows . 
   no more race-specific policies, 
  hear , hear !, 
  but why , then , do you want section 6a added ? 
  it is quite clearly a race-specific clause , which to me is something that should be avoided at all costs , whether it be for good or for ill . our constitution should recognise everyone as equal , and make no mention of race except insofar as to say no one shall be discriminated on that basis , in my opinion . 
  cheers , fixed . 
  what apps do you normally use ? 
  recommendations will depend on what exactly you do n't already know you 'll be getting , and on what functions you need done . 
  dropbox and google drive are obvious good picks for productivity . 
  there 's [ copy ] ( https://copy.com?r=upfrdn ) * , which is less popular than those two , but gives you more space for free , so it 's my preferred file syncing service for larger files . 
  some sort of communication software : i tend to use skype for desktop . 
  there 's also a skype metro app , though personally i do n't think it 's very good . 
  if you use facebook a lot , the facebook metro app is n't too bad , if you just pin it to the side and use it as a chat window . 
  i would n't recommend it for general facebooking , though . 
  you 'll obviously want office software of some sort . 
  microsoft office is the obvious choice . 
  libre office is a thing too , as is google docs . 
  there 's also onenote , which is an absolutely fantastic note-taking application that 's available from microsoft for free in both metro app and desktop app forms . 
  you 'll definitely want a pdf reader . 
  i like sumatrapdf , but foxit is also good . 
  and an archive unzipper , like 7-zip on winrar . 
  i can not live without [ katmouse ] ( http://ehiti.de/katmouse/ ) , which fixes the oddities of scrolling that windows has , and makes it scroll based on where the cursor is , rather than where you last clicked . 
  it 's not very well known , but i would * highly * recommend it . 
  if you 're screenshotting a lot , i 'd recommend [ sharex ] ( https://getsharex.com/ ) . 
  it makes it easy to set up workflows that can automatically take screenshots of different things ( window , full screen , selected area , etc. ), 
  and output them to a desired location ( clipboard , save to a file , upload to online services such as imgur ) . 
  very useful , with a * lot * of flexibility in its workflows . 
  you can get many of these applications ( particularly the non-metro ones that i * did n't * already link to ) all in one easy bundle using [ ninite ] ( https://ninite.com/ ) , as well as many more that you might want ( such as browsers , torrent , media players , etc. ) . 
  that 's about all i can think of that 's general purpose for productivity off the top of my head . 
  you 'll need to be more specific if you want better advice . 
  \\* full disclosure , that 's a referal link . 
  if you sign up using that , we would each get an additional 5 gb space free . 
  nah man , i knew * all * of these words . 
  just not in that order . 
  it works fine for me on 8.1 . 
  i would generally recommend not upgrading * any * major os upgrade for at least a few months . 
  issues like this will always come up , and for the most part they 'll be patched ( or workarounds will become known ) before too long . 
  yup . 
  why .195 ? 
  because it was n't always standardised , but the time they decided to standardise it was in london , and the royal family had its finish line ( or start , i ca n't remember which ) moved so that they could watch it from their palace . 
  oh that 's very interesting . 
  korean has \ub9cc , pronounced `` mahn '' , which means 10,000 ( probably a common chinese root would be my guess ) . 
  though they usually write numbers in groups of 3 , like in english , but using a dot as a separator . 
  if there was it ca n't have been very bad . 
  i slept eight through it ... 
  i 'm not american , so i do n't follow all the candidates very closely . 
  but is n't he a libertarian ? 
  no sane person wants a libertarian running their country . 
  it would be absolutely * horrible * for the average person from an economic standpoint . 
   and denying recognition, 
  my question is why should the constitution of our nation `` recognise '' anyone ? 
  i do n't think that it should . 
  it should be * entirely * race agnostic , in my view . 
  thanks for the offer , but it was given to you . 
  you should keep it . 
  six seasons and a goatee ? 
  that may well be true , and it 's something i would also very much like to fix . 
  becoming a republic is something i very much think we should strive towards . 
  but i do n't think a problem in one area of the constitution means we should introduce other problems elsewhere . 
  does it specifically mention white colonists , though ? 
  that does surprise me , and it 's a serious problem if so . 
  not gender agnostic ? 
  that 's very curious . 
  in what way does that manifest ? 
  i like it from a thematic point of view . 
  i watched young justice and absolutely loved the character of m'gann m'orzz , with her telepathic and telekinetic powers . 
  the mental battles between her and other telepaths ( psimon especially ) were particularly cool . 
  and the effect we saw of it in season 2 just made for such a great character arc . 
  / u/spacecadet404 is flat out wrong in claiming that it would be possible to build such a character using a different class . 
  i had a similar interest in mental battles between mages in eragon , and with occlumency & legilimency in harry potter , though they were less well explained . 
  i could n't give a crap about min/maxing . 
  and , for what it 's worth , for you as a dm , you do n't need to change how you dm because of it . 
  like with any character , you might benefit from knowing their strengths and weaknesses , but you do n't need to understand the intimate details of the class any more than you do for any other class ( that is , basically not at all ) . 
  it 's the player who has to know how their character functions . 
  if you 're not highly techy , i would n't recommend it . 
  i 'm using it myself for a website project i 'm working on , and it 's great for that . 
  way more flexible and easy to use than windows . 
  but for a casual user it is * horrible * . 
  i spent over an hour trying to get google chrome installed and working on it , and another hour trying to get dropbox to work . 
  and i am someone who 's good with computers . 
  if you are techy , and like doing techy things , it 's * far * superior to windows . 
  having a bash terminal is just lightyears ahead of the shitty windows command prompt ( this trait , linux shares with os x ) , and it 's better suited to setting up and running a web server ( a trait that os x does * not * share ) than windows is . 
  pretty sure he was referencing the ads on channel 9 , where harvey norman is playing up the `` free upgrade to windows 10 '' . 
  which is of course bullshit , since microsoft is offering free upgrades to * everyone * on windows 7 or 8.1 for at least a year . 
  it 's got nothing to do with harvey norman . 
  need a backslash before the # , otherwise it turns the comment into an html < h1  tag . 
  was :, 
  i would say this for it : linux is probably * not * to blame for the hard drive problems . 
  hard drives are famous for dying , and there could be any number of problems with them that 's causing yours to fail faster than they normally should . 
  and lucky , too . 
  would have been a wasted review . 
  funnily enough , the sort of psionics you described is exactly the sort of psionics i have * no * interest in . 
  it 's just magic that 's been reflavoured ever so slightly .
