  if you 're interested in those even in the slightest , go see a play/musical at west end or a concert at the royal albert hall . 
  if you 're there between 15 july and 10 september , the bbc proms are often a good choice for music . 
  you can get in standing for something like # 5 if you 're willing to wait in line for ages , or book in advance for fairly reasonably priced seats . 
  can you withdraw those binary blobs from an atm machine , or do you have to enter your pin number to do so ? 
   maths support has been decent for a long time, 
  honestly , i do n't agree . 
  i found that the maths support on office 2007 and earlier was pretty terrible . 
  but 2008 ( for os x ) and 2010 ( for windows ) were vast improvements . 
  i 'm sure there were ways of doing things prior to that , but it was never as obvious . 
  but i agree completely regarding referencing , styling , etc. 
  yeah the equation editor is the way i did things with word 2008 . 
  it could just be that i never had the equation editor installed on previous versions . 
  did it come with all editions of office before then , or installed in a default installation ? 
   personally i think that tex and latex are poor at separating content and style because of the way you never edit plain text - it always has formatting codes in it, 
  oh gods yes . 
  i actually only started using latex a few weeks ago , and i was astonished at how * terrible * it was compared to what i had been lead to believe . 
   and whenever i think of it `` kids space '' comes to mind but i 've googled with no luck . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  i googled `` kids space brisbane '' , and the first 3 results that came up were indeed kidspace chermside . 
  incidentally , i was just driving past it a couple of days ago and a friend made a note at how small it seems now compared to when we were kids . 
  it 's actually weirdly close to the way the united kingdom currently works . 
  scotland has a devolved parliament : something kinda similar to our state parliaments . 
  but england does n't have one of these . 
  thus , there are some things which only scottish-voted members can decide for scotland , but every decision england makes for itself is done with the input of both english and scottish mps ( being done out of westminster -- the national house of commons for the united kingdom ) . 
  in this scenario , nq would be the analogue of scotland , with seq being england , and the whole state of queensland being equivalent to the uk . 
  it 's not that they 're deleted , since the link op posted is actually pointing to / ( null ) . 
  the * link * would n't get updated by reddit just because imgur changed things on their end . 
  so somehow , op has linked to the wrong page . 
  / users/op/documents / seriously.jpg, 
  as a reluctant steam user , i concur . 
  but no conversion from calories to kilojoules ? 
  i am disappoint , / u/convertstometric bot . 
   if he just instantly beat both of them ( which we know he absolutely could have ), 
  no we do n't . 
  i mean , yeah he could , but he could also instantly beat all of the non-speedsters in his show , too , but somehow he does n't because he 's frankly a terrible planner that seems to have no regard for how to actually use his speed . 
  it 's a necessary suspension of disbelief for the sake of having a show with a decent narrative . 
  next week , on gotham . 
  we should n't be happy about this . 
  they asked for a delay because they had another way of getting around the security that they wanted to investigate . 
  the fact that they are now withdrawing completely means that said method * worked * . 
  they now have a way to get around apple 's security , without needing to go through apple to do it . 
   do we really think the nsa does n't have quantum computing, 
  yes , we definitely think that . 
  that would be an * enormous * leap over what the public knows about . 
  the implications of it are * huge * . 
  there 's no way they 've got that sort of technology and have managed to keep it completely secret . 
  so the question now is : what does cw air in the timeslots that our world has it airing the flash , arrow , and legends ? 
  in their defence , this * does * legitimately happen , too . 
  not saying that 's what 's going on in * this * case , but it definitely does happen . 
   out of mind , out of side, 
  haha for some reason this amused me . 
  the expression is generally `` out of sight , out of mind '' , as in , if you do n't look at it , it wo n't weigh on your mind/conscience . 
  brb , gon na go play some mountain blade . 
  is that penguin 's father ? 
  i 'm glad he 's gone , he was a terrible actor ... 
  even if that were n't the case , it 's a spoiler . 
  just because something is in the advertising , does n't excuse it from counting as spoiler material . 
  i agree . 
  i mean , i disagree in this particular instance ( i thought the scene was very well done ) , but in the general sense , one absolutely does * not * have to have experienced a certain thing to be able to critique that thing in a show . 
  basically , it 's arseholes who refuse to acknowledge the superiority of the metric system . 
  they 'll reflexively downvote the bot , but they 're less likely to do so with the mouseover format than if it just wrote out the answer . 
  because singing is the least interesting of all the instruments !, 
  alternatively : quality over quantity !, 
  you | you on metagenes, 
  do n't be meta, 
  you list all of those out , even teen titans go , and fail to mention young justice ? 
  for shame . 
   but they fudge those measurements ~ ~ on these shows ~ ~ in comic book properties all the time so it 's not that weird, 
  ftfy . 
  power levels are inconsistent on tv , in films , and within the world of comic books themselves , even . 
  it 's not something unique to the shows . 
   of course i speak of la finta giardiniera, 
  so ... i was only half joking with the first line of my previous comment . 
  as a result , i 'm not 100 % sure what you 're going for here . 
  you could be genuine , though i suspect not . 
  in the case that it 's a joke , i 'm just not sure what the angle is . 
  is it because la finta is really obscure ? 
  because it 's widely regarded as one of mozart 's lower quality works ? 
  or something else ? 
  well , `` lad '' is pretty much the non-north american english equivalent of `` bro '' , so that is n't much of a surprise . 
  hey sorry , but submissions in / r/unearthedarcana need to be complete in terms of material presented . 
  it does n't have to be perfect or balanced but it does have to be fleshed out . 
  if you want to submit this to [ the latest arcana forge ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 4ca1e3/the _ arcana_forge / ) megathread , i think it 's at least a very interesting postulate worthy of discussion . 
  not a great idea . 
  or , at least , not something that should be done lightly . 
  as it exists currently , ** every ** class that casts with spell slots works on the same format . 
  every two caster levels grant it a new spell slot level . 
  all the normal casters ( either the full casters , the half-casters , or the third-caster archetypes ) follow this model , and even the existing warlock does , both with its pact magic and with mystic arcanum , once it gets those . 
  stds and cancer are n't related at all . 
  you are n't a doctor , are you ? 
  i was under the impression we were comparing them as composers in general , with one specific example being given in relation to opera . 
  i was wondering how long it would take until someone pointed that out !, 
  i deliberately used it to have a dual meaning . 
  yes , it could easily be interpreted to have been specifically about opera , and this was the most obvious way to look at it ( as you say , it was in response to your own comment bringing up that genre ) , but in the back of my mind i also intended it to make sense if someone wanted to interpret it to be more generally applicable . 
  piano concertos and symphonies in particular did occur to me . 
  edit : for what it 's worth , though , i was entirely joking when i said it about opera in particular . 
  most of mozart 's operas are definitely better than beethoven 's opera . 
  i have n't seen him in anything else , so i ca n't comment in general . 
  but in this show , he was terrible . 
  he felt like someone out of a high school play .
