  usually , rather than actually use two hands , they 'll put one hand on the wrist or slightly above the wrist of the other hand -- it shows respect in the same way , but requires less effort . 
  ca n't say i noticed it much in vietnam ( where i also lived for a while ) . 
  nah it 's fine , i have it already . 
  the full half life collection was on sale super cheap a little while ago so i snatched it up . 
  thanks for the offer , though . 
  nobody likes pedants . 
  the majority of australians vote based on the party they prefer , not the individual candidate in their own electorate . 
  that means , in no small part , that they vote based on the leader of the party , which in the case of the lnp is tony abbott . 
  ( though i have to say , as a greens voter , i certainly did n't vote for milne ... ), 
  a ) op is american, 
  b ) people are entitled to opinions . 
  even if she was n't american , she 's perfectly entitled to have an opinion about american politics . 
  it 's especially important considering the impact that the us has on the rest of the world -- especially in economic matters . 
  because your politics has a direct effect on us . 
  if your economy slows down , that affects the world economy . 
  but even aside from that , people are entitled to have an opinion about whatever the fuck they want . 
  if you ca n't deal with that , then too fucking bad . 
  if you have an opinion about my country that you want to express , then go ahead . 
  i wo n't mind , so long as it 's well-informed , or seems to be done with the intention of becoming more informed . 
  edit : oh , by the way , op is an american , so perhaps you should do at least a cursory check before you make such asinine comments . 
   while driving past today, 
  and, 
   was ... drunk, 
  yeah tomorrow ( or today , technically , since it 's 1:00 am ) is labour day . 
  the handwriting looks fine to me , but i agree the =( seemed a bit out of place . 
  mmm yeah . 
  passing a national disability insurance scheme , implementing an emissions trading scheme , getting us through the global financial crisis without ever going into recession , removing `` work choices '' , apologising to the stolen generation , implementing massive educational reforms ( `` gonski '' ) , and starting work on much-needed improvements to our national internet infrastructure ( nbn ) . 
  the gillard and rudd governments really were embarrassing for the country . 
  fair point , but she 's still american , and as such american law still has an affect on her in many ways . 
  hey there !, 
  i 'm just curious , what is it that you do here in brisbane ? 
  and what part of the city are you in ( specifically , which electorate ) ? 
  you got your link syntax backwards . 
  it goes [ square bracket with the text of the link inside ] \\ ( http://bracketswiththelink.com ), 
  the biggest difference ( apart from availability of libraries ) is probably in mathematical operations . 
  in python 3 division is , well , actual division . 
  if you want integer division you use / / . 
  while in python 2.7 , the division operator does integer division unless one of the inputs is a float, 
  if it 's anything like the other coursera courses i 've done , timezone should n't matter . 
  they put up videos to watch , so there 's no specific time you have to watch them . 
  i 've done them from vietnam and australia , so you do n't need to be in the us to do them . 
  i agree with star wars and harry potter , but not star trek . 
  i 've only ever really watched tng , but the thing i love about it is that it 's * true * scifi . 
  it 's all about delving in to the philosophical impacts and consequences that come with advanced technology . 
  it 's ultimately a show about humanity , and that 's what i think makes it truly stunning . 
  do you want some constructive criticism ? 
  i 'm not that great at it , but i 'd be more than happy to give it a go if you 're willing . 
  nah , op 's definitely in brisbane . 
  that 's exactly what train stations around here look like . 
  if you believe that , you clearly were n't in / r/australia in late august/early september . 
  our politics does n't have much interesting going on at the moment , while yours does , so yours gets talked about . 
  but no , the reason americans do n't know as much about other countries ' politics as other people know about american politics is simply a matter of exposure . 
  the us stands out as the largest country in global politics , having the most power economically , producing the majority of media watched by most people in developed nations , being the majority population on sites like reddit . 
  for those reasons , american politics is at the forefront of everyone 's attention , so even people who are n't directly involved in it get to see it and form opinions on it . 
  americans , on the other hand , would have to go out of their way to learn about other countries ' politics , and even then , which country would they choose ? 
  there 's no clear choice , because the majority of media they get is from their own country , and most people they talk with online are american . 
  i 'm pretty sure aang was a better avatar than korra * while he was in the iceberg * . 
  pretty sure you can , yes . 
  i was looking at the page for the gold edition upgrade and it gave the option to gift . 
  does the gold edition upgrade version include gods and kings ? 
  i already have the original game plus a bunch of dlc that was available before g&k came out , but i 'm looking to get g&k now that it 's been out a while . 
  it clearly says that [ gods and kings is in the gold edition ] ( http://imgur.com/qncbmus ) , but it does n't say what 's in the gold edition upgrade . 
  further , on the [ gods and kings page ] ( http://imgur.com/qaduk64 ) , the upgrade version is n't listed as being one of the packages containing it . 
  that could just be because it is n't counted as a major package , though . 
  then again , [ this discussion thread ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/discussions/forum/1/828934913129995459/ ) seems to say it is included . 
  anyone here tried it and know if you get it or not ? 
  it 's $ 5 for the upgrade vs. over $ 12 for just g&k . 
  can i just say , your flare is really confusing . 
  twice i 've seen you in this thread and thought you were unfairly downvoted . 
  the first thing that struck me is ... well , nothing , really . 
  the image 's subject seems to be the city skyline , but it 's extremely cluttered and confusing . 
  the eye does n't know where to look . 
  further , the subject was just off-centre : perhaps the worst place to put anything . 
  if it 's dead-centre that can be effective , although even then it * usually * ( not always ) makes for a dull image . 
  but off-centre just looks messy . 
  i would suggest a rule of thirds approach to this type of image . 
  since you 're going for the long exposure type shot of the lights on the water , two thirds water would look nice . 
  in the future , if you 're doing skyline photos like this , i would suggest looking for somewhere that there 's a clear focus point and then looking for interesting ways to compose that . 
  i agree with / u/grnat that you should prioritise technique over gear . 
  your current tripod seems to have done its job just fine ( i do n't agree with / r/peaceshot , the image seems incredibly crisp to me , only a tiny bit of motion blur ) , so the next step is to make sure you can take a good shot with it . 
  it 's a nice start , but there 's a lot of room for improvement . 
  well , you need science to be able to * build * an opera house . 
  you need to understand the science of building construction and acoustics , in particular . 
  well , at most places ice cream in a cup costs the same as in a cone , so you are actually getting more to eat for the same price if you go with cone . 
  eat faster so you it does n't melt on you . 
  * no * weather occurrences are man made . 
  human induced global climate change is * definitely * real , but no specific events can be blamed on it . 
  only the fact that there is a general increase in the regularity and intensity of such events . 
  ditto , i have n't moved documents with a usb for ages , dropbox and email do just perfectly . 
  prostitution is currently , in most parts of the us ( and many other places ) completely illegal . 
  would you say it is better for it to remain this way , or for it to be legal but regulated ? 
  assume that being legal and unregulated is n't on the table at the moment . 
  agreed , some people might think it should be legal only for medicinal purposes , for example . 
  can i just say , i think it 's a great idea , but it should be done based on utc/gmt . 
  it 's not unreasonable to expect people to be able to calculate the time in their own timezone based on that , and this would make it much easier for people to calculate it themselves . 
  it 's trivial for someone to find out what their timezone is , and quite honestly in the global society that we live in now it 's something people * should * know and remember . 
  much less trivial is to find and remember which timezone is actually being used here , then find what that is as a numerical timezone , convert it from that to utc , and * then * convert from utc to your own timezone . 
  it 's not arbitrary . 
  i 'm choosing utc as a reference timezone because * that 's what it is * . 
  utc is the universally agreed standard timezone .
