  whatever you get , make sure to back things up . 
  i tend to store * all * of my documents in either dropbox or google drive , because you 've got enough space that word documents are never going to be an issue . 
  the biggest advantage of a chromebook is the fact that everything is in the cloud and therefore backed up automatically , and you can easily recover stuff if you lose the device , just by getting a new one . 
  but these advantages are easily replicated through just a small amount of manual planning on your part . 
  edit : i have ** just ** found out , thanks to a university group assignment , that [ there apparently exist latex cloud editors ] ( https://www.sharelatex.com ) . 
  so a chromebook may be an option after all . 
  if you 've got the budget i 'd still recommend a full computer iff you 're interested in doing some light gaming outside of class time or you 're interested in computers and/or programming . 
   first `` challenge '' rivals the stupidity of those god damn pseudo-quizzes you see on tv sometimes : `` who is the current president of the usa a ) obama or b ) queen elizabeth '' . 
  we are not toddlers . 
  fun fact , in australia , paramedics have stopped using `` who is the current prime minister ? '', 
  as a question to determine how conscious/aware patients are , because the answer has changed so frequently in recent years that it 's a genuinely confusing question . 
  for me , the biggest problem with this video is that it 's all played so flat ( edit : not in terms of pitch , in terms of style ) . 
  it could work with any timbre i think , but it needs that dynamic tension that beethoven scored . 
  the vast majority of this movement is actually somewhere around pianissimo and piano , with crescendos and sforzandos placed strategically to make it feel really intense ( along with the rising arpeggios , of course ) . 
  admittedly , i 'm sure it 's harder to pull off on an electric guitar than a grand piano , but still , she was basically just playing the notes , and that kinda ruins what 's so great about the piece . 
  i read the title and thought it would be a joke . 
  op said he was a first year teacher , so i thought that meant he was * teaching * first years . 
  not normally . 
  normally two factor is just that : two factors . 
  something you know ( a password ) and something you have ( a mobile phone -- either running a 2fa app , or receiving an sms ) are the most common . 
  anything else is n't really a part of the two-factor authentication process , it 's just additional ways of getting around things if for some reason the regular 2fa options become unavailable . 
  it 's really not . 
  when you sign up for a new service , basically every website will have an option to port your old number over . 
  you just enter your details and they do all the work . 
  you also said `` it 's not their choice '' , when it is . 
  fuck , i always thought it was '' * with * golden soil '' . 
  democracy is the worst form of government , except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . 
  yeah , but that 's not voting . 
  besides , it 's super easy to get away with not voting anyway . 
  from what i 've heard they 'll take basically any excuse . 
  i missed a state by-election a little while back because i was overseas and they never even sent out a letter asking me why i did n't vote . 
  it 's their choice to include the religious part or not . 
  that 's the whole point of this debate . 
  i think the above was a joke , seeing as it 's literally called the house of * representatives * . 
  the actual voting system is based entirely on the us ( though with our own modifications , like av in the reps and stv in the senate ) . 
  it 's the parliamentary procedure that 's based on westminster . 
  that 's not a right you have . 
  because rights are a social construct . 
  they do n't exist in a vacuum , they 're based only on what we as a society have decided people should have the right to . 
  and the right not to vote is not among those ( except insofar as you count getting your name ticked off but not submitting a filled-out ballot `` not voting '' ) . 
  since you 've got three slots , please consider using one of them to request seasons 1 and 2 become available to those of us outside the us . 
  it 's not available here yet , but we 'd love to be able to support the cause by binge watching the show again . 
  budget makes a * huge * difference in what 's available to you . 
  personally when i went out to buy a mic , my budget for one was very , very low . 
  i bought a zoom h1 for a little over $ 100 , and i 've so far been very happy with the results . 
  you 'll get better performance out of something more expensive , but if you 're on a budget ( especially if you plan on getting two mics , which obviously will double the cost , and effectively halve the amount t you have to spend per mic ) , the zoom is a fantastic little beast . 
  as far as i could tell when i was shopping around , there literally is n't even a choice at its price point , it 's the clear market leader . 
  holy shit this is the weirdest , most specific baader-meinhof experience i 've ever had . 
  i watched this episode two days ago for the first time . 
  really great episode , too . 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it display as greentext . 
  see [ our manual of style ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) for more advanced style and formatting options on this subreddit . 
   pretty sure he and i are going to catch flak from the om 's about it when i go in tomorrow, 
  so , how did that go in the end ? 
  i hope it did n't go too badly because you did a great job here . 
  i think i put one as `` young justice seasons 1 and 2 available worldwide '' and the other as `` produce young justice season 3 '' , or something like that . 
   there is a very real difference between prison and jail, 
  no there is not . 
  not in australia , anyway . 
  there technically is in america , though even over there , in common parlance the two are pretty much synonymous . 
  the two are synonymous in australia . 
  or 55 c \u2022 km \u2022 mile ^ ( -1 ) , since they 're sciencey people . 
  do the two additional hit dice increase your hitpoint maximum as well ? 
  my initial thought was yes , but considering all the other abilities , i 'm leaning towards thinking it 's meant to be no . 
  either way , i feel a clarification is needed . 
  in terms of balance , i would * strongly * suggest it * needs * to be a `` no '' . 
  otherwise , this feat becomes just plain * better * than tough . 
  my other question is , what type of hit dice are you getting ? 
  d6s would give a pretty strong guarantee that it 's not an overpowered feat , but d10s might fit better with the theme , since it encourages a large amount of strength . 
  gaining hit dice of your class could be weird with multiclassing , but if it were `` the class in which you levelled to gain this feat '' , it 's starting to get into really unorthodox rules approaches , as no other feat is so precise about how it functions . 
  the closest would be martial adept , but even that only says `` this works in conjunction with another class feature you might have , and can key off of that instead , if you have it '' , rather than being based specifically off of * when * you took it . 
  probably worth pointing out , since there are likely people who will not know this , that `` freebooter '' has very recently ( either this year or last year is when it became a popular , well-known term ) been co-opted by online content creators to refer to people who rehost their content or parts of their content on another medium without permission . 
  for example making gifs out of youtube videos and sharing those . 
  a sort of low-key form of piracy . 
  a freebooter is one who engages in freebooting . 
  that 's partly what makes the above etymology interesting . 
  my guess is it 's a translation error , or some other simple mistake . 
  probably meant campus security or similar . 
  that said , depending on how localised the police are in an area , and how big the school is ( particularly if `` school '' is taken to mean `` university '' ) , it would n't be impossible . 
  my uni has its own post code , i can imagine it being a fairly reasonable step to have a police station on campus too , particularly if crime rates are high in the area . 
  wow , that 's ... wow ... in * high schools * ? 
  that would have to just be in `` bad '' areas though , right ? 
  surely you 're not having police permanently at a normal school ? 
   some people want to play with their phones . 
  some people want to have a phone, 
  to be honest , even as an android user , 95 % of the time i 'm in the latter category . 
  i use android just because i love the google services . 
  if google made an os every bit as closed as ios , but with their own services , i would probably be happy to switch to it , if it also came with the guarantee of better performance ios has over equivalently specced android devices . 
  oh damn , good point regarding kelvin . 
  ( and , of course , pointing out that degrees celsius are not the same as coulombs ! ), 
  it 's kinda terrifying to think about to be honest . 
  that they 'd go to that as the solution rather than going for the more obvious answer ... 
   side by side with terrifying monsters, 
  hey come on . 
  malcolm 's pretty terrible , but he 's not * that * bad !, 
  the new usage was coined by brady haran , who runs a heap of channels including numberphile and sixty symbols , on the podcast he does with cgp grey called hello internet . 
  turns out [ it was way back in february 2014 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-j-tchzjam4 ) ( around the 11 minute mark or so ) . 
  in that episode he admits he chose it because it was an existing word associated with piracy . 
  not really , because in australia the two have * never * had a technical definition that 's different . 
  your analogy might work in america , however .
