  no need for the dot , because it 's not an abbreviation . 
  it just means `` and '' in latin . 
  i also find it amusing that you used only one capital letter in this entire comment -- one with 8 or 9 sentences ( depending on whether you count the ellipsis as a sentence boundary ) and multiple first person pronouns . 
  not that i 'm criticising you . 
  i just found it kinda amusing . 
  aboriginal names are really so lovely to say . 
  and that 's just the ones starting with wo that i could think of off the top of my head . 
  indeed , if the us gets the state mentioned , not country , and the uk has its glorified state mentioned , australia should too . 
  or at least let barnaby have a swing at the dogs . 
  ( disclaimer : not actually advocating animal cruelty . ), 
  yeah . 
  the vietnamese police force are corrupt and lazy as all fuck . 
  they 'll steal money from you and refuse to actually police stuff . 
  but i do n't recall hearing about them murdering people in the same way i hear about it in america . 
  +1 for david mitchell 's soapbox . 
  yeah banning dual citizens in parliament is weird as hell . 
  doubly so for our closest friend and ally in nz . 
  it may interest people to know that in britain , an australian who does n't even have british dual citizenship can stand for parliament . 
  in fact , any legal permanent resident who is a citizen of the ireland or the commonwealth is allowed to stand . 
  i 'm not sure we should go that far , but at the very least allowing dual citizens from nz and the commonwealth ( and possibly even other countries ) seems completely reasonable . 
   the soviets and the chinese funded the original north invasion by the koreans , before the ~ ~ us ~ ~ rest of the world funded the south . 
  the foreign intervention by the us was simply a means of responding to the soviets . 
  ftfy . 
  the korean war was fought by the united nations with american leadership . 
  anyway , i do n't think that 's what they were talking about . 
  they were talking about american toppling of left leaning democratic governments such as in the middle east and south america , to prop up more right leaning regimes . 
  possibly also referring to the us 's alleged involvement in the whitlam dismissal . 
  yeah , imagine having someone of dual nationality as our prime minister , even for a short time . 
  oh ... or even worse , imagine having a head of state who is n't australian !, 
  wait ... 
  but seriously , we 're the most multicultural nation in the world . 
  not allowing australian citizens to run for parliament just because they have some entirely unutilised second citizenship , through a technicality , is absurd . 
  we should be embracing our multiculturalism , not hiding from it . 
  i 'd say any dual citizen who has never worked for a foreign government should be allowed . 
  or perhaps a tighter restriction of that , plus must have become an australian citizen before the age of 18 . 
  ninja edit : not to mention you can be an mp without being a minister . 
  if you really must , require one to denounce any other citizenships in order to be a minister . 
  if the uk can allow people who are not even citizens of that country to be mps , i ca n't see a good reason we should n't allow dual nationals . 
  if you 're accessing hbo go or some other internationally available legal service , then you * have * signed a contract with them , which you are probably violating . 
  and if you 're not accessing it that way , then this sub thread is not relevant to you . 
  30 % pirates , but it does n't say how many of the other 70 % are watching it in the different legal ways . 
  normal foxtel , foxtel 's new streaming thing , hbo go + vpn , wait for dvd/itunes , etc. 
  kinda a useless graphic . 
   but this is disruptive technology , it disrupts other businesses ... technologically . 
  ftfy, 
  that was a mostly joking reference to the persistent rumours of abbott having dual citizenship . 
  as for the dual citizenship thing , it 's ridiculous . 
  the uk is obviously a much greater target , and you do n't even need to be a citizen to stand there . 
  you could be a sole citizen of india or australia or ireland , and the only further requirement for you to stand for parliament is that you be a legal permanent resident . 
  112 is * world * wide . 
  it 'll redirect to the correct local number on any gsm network ( which means , outside of america , nearly every provider you can think of , and even some american networks ) . 
  [ this is not legal ] ( https://www.accc.gov.au/business/pricing-surcharging/displaying-prices#two-price-comparison-advertising ), 
  nah that part is fine . 
  they decide on the price of the whole thing first , and then tell you the price per 100 & nbsp ; g for convenience . 
  the exact price per is $ 0.595238095 ... that rounds to $ 0.60 , to the nearest cent . 
   they mark things up in order to mark them down, 
  this sort of deceptive advertising is illegal in australia . 
  what 's the reference there ? 
   i should of course note this is why unions exist , and why the coalition is so hell bend on destroying them, 
  and they 're so fucking effective at it , too . 
  even on generally left-leaning sites like reddit , it seems as though the majority of people are anti-union . 
  it 's really quite sad . 
  uluru has n't been the accepted term for at least a decade and a half , since i was in primary school . 
  yup , that 's definitely malaysian airlines . 
  brave soul flying malaysian, 
  wait , matthews is getting unfairly kicked out of the tour ? 
   the same applies to other knowledge . 
  plenty of stuff you were taught in school could have changed so its worth keeping an ear out for these sorts of things, 
  pfft . 
  this made me snort . 
  other things he should be aware of :, 
  * pluto is no longer a planet . 
  * the food pyramid and tongue map are completely bogus, 
  * the southern ocean is a thing, 
  * b.c.e. 
  and c.e. 
  are generally preferred over b.c. 
  and a.d. 
  * many dinosaurs had feathers, 
  i was definitely always taught it , but i started school right before the turn of the millennium , and from my googling i think it became the official standard in 2000 . 
  i think it may have been taught in australia a long time before it was taught in europe and the us , though . 
  they do this sort of thing quite a lot . 
  it 's more convenient to let people use the same measurements as they already were , but with a better definition . 
  the metre , for example , was originally defined as 1/10 millionth of the length from the north pole to the equator , passing through paris . 
  then they redefined it to exactly the length of a particular bar of platinum-iridium alloy , but made that bar more or less the same length as 1/10 millionth that distance . 
  more recently , they defined it as precisely how far light travels in 1/299 ,792,458 of a second . 
  it 's always been the same actual length , but they 've defined it better . 
  later this year/early next year , the kilogramme will finally be defined in a precise way . 
  currently , it is defined as the mass of a particular bar of platinum-iridium alloy . 
   you 'd think in 17 years they would have managed to work it out, 
  it always makes me laugh ( in a despairing kind of way ) when organisations ca n't figure this stuff out for ages . 
  another one that bothered me recently was when i discovered that the unicode consortium ( the organisation that manages unicode -- a consistent precise specification of ( theoretically ) every script and writing system in existence -- and most famous for being responsible for deciding what new emoji become a thing ) has had tengwar and cirth ( the elvish and dwarvish scripts invented by tolkien ) in their `` road to the smp '' -- basically they 've said `` yeah we 're going to look at this eventually and maybe include it at some point '' -- since october 2001 . 
  meanwhile , klingon `` piqad '' script has at least received a definitive `` no '' , and so has tolkien 's lesser-known `` sarati '' . 
  i just feel like , fucking just do it . 
  say yes this is a script that 's useful to include . 
  or say no , fictional languages are n't of interest to us . 
  do n't leave the thing hanging for decades . 
   i 've always been an ` apple shill ' but i also have a gaming pc and i also despise mac, 
  this really confuses me . 
  there are people who despise mac , but not because they hate apple ?
