  haha , thanks for the vote of confidence . 
  my warlock is currently 7 , and i have no intentions of multiclassing . 
  a big part of it is for flavour reasons , in fact , i would go so far as to say the vast majority of it is because i love the flavour of it . 
  but i like the mechanics , too . 
  some of it might be sunken cost : i do n't want to have to start gaining spells from first level again with wizard ( which is really the only other class i would consider multiclassing into if i did any ) , but i do like the warlock 's later abilities , too . 
  i 'm particularly looking forward to fiendish resilience . 
   warlock is just an arcane archer . 
  the game expects you to do nothing but cast hex and spam eldritch blasts, 
  i 've got ta be honest , that 's something i * do n't * enjoy very much about playing a warlock . 
  part of the attraction is in the gaining of spells through your patron . 
  but when you only get to use those spells rarely , it 's a bit disappointing . 
  for me , at least , it 's totally worth it , because i * love * the flavour , but i can see why people would be disappointed . 
  at least eb becomes a lot more interesting once you grab repelling blast , though . 
  nobody else gets anywhere near as much battlefield control . 
  wait , what did it say before the edit ? 
  because it 's still pretty damn downvote worthy to me -- that is , at least as far as downvotes tend to be used in practice . 
  me , i prefer to reserve them for spam and outright irrelevancy , which this is n't , no matter how much i disagree with it . 
  on a highly related note , the other big problem 5e has is more literally the `` presentation '' . 
  the books are designed such that they read nicely from front to back , but they are * terrible * resources . 
  to find the rule for a certain thing can frequently require flipping through two or three different pages within the text . 
  and god help you if you try to use the index to find the thing . 
  damn thing seems to have more `` see x '' than actual entries , when it would cost them * no more ink * to actually just print the page number . 
  except that 's not an option , because you 've only got two per short rest ... 
  honestly , i think side initiative is the absolute worst of the possible options . 
  when one entire side goes before the other does , it makes the natural flow of battle back and forth completely broken , and instead you get one side demolishing the other , then the other side has to react to that . 
  it makes the whole thing feel way too much like shitty turn-based video game combat . 
  at level 5 ( which i pick as something that is both a fairly early level , and also a significant milestone in strength increase for most classes ) , warlocks get 2 per short rest , still . 
  standard full casters get 9 per day . 
  even with wizards supposed `` standard '' adventuring day , the warlock only gets 6 per day . 
  and surveys have shown that most people do * not * follow that guideline of two short rests per day , and tend to have fewer , which makes the warlock even weaker ( and makes wizards ' benchmark for balancing a poorly chosen one ) . 
  it is impossible to play a warlock in a way consistent with the typical image of a spellcaster using a lot of spells . 
  i wish it were n't that way , and clearly you do too , since you 're trying to justify how it somehow * is * , but it just is n't the way the class was designed . 
  they had this with backgrounds in 4e . 
  i thought it was a really clever mechanic . 
  hmm , not really . 
  dndgreentext is more for actual stories than one-off jokes in the format of an image album . 
  what you 're referring to there is often called [ `` popcorn '' initiative ] ( http://angrydm.com/2013/09/popcorn-initiative-a-great-way-to-adjust-dd-and-pathfinder-initiative-with-a-stupid-name/ ) . 
  i 've never used it myself , and personally i do n't really want to , but it * does * seem like a very nicely balanced and quick system . 
  hey , no worries . 
  first of all , i 'm a huge fan . 
  i 've used it in my own homebrew , and i use it * very * frequently on / r/unearthedarcana to help provide feedback to others on their homebrew . 
  the biggest problem i have is that a lot of features seem to have a range of their score . 
  the first example as i scroll down the page is '' [ .5 - 2 ] armor training . 
  you have proficiency with ___ armor . '', 
  how does one decide exactly how much a given armour proficiency is worth ? 
  but in the `` example race features by point cost '' section , they are all worth 0.5 . 
  should proficiency with chain mail really be equal to proficiency with leather ? 
  same thing applies with weapons . 
  on a similar note , you have resistance , vulnerability , and immunity all worth \u00b1 1 . 
  it seems odd that immunity to bludgeoning would , according to that , be worth the same as resistance to psychic . 
  immunity should be worth far more than resistance , and certain damage types are just more valuable than others , which this does n't account for . 
  swim speed is one that i noticed recently . 
  raw ( by your guide , at least ) , a 30 ft. swim speed is worth 1.5 , as much as a cantrip and two spells . 
  personally , i 've just handwaved that away when i 've reviewed things , and said up to 30 ft. is worth 0.5 , and up to 40 ft. is worth 1.0 , because it 's a pretty simple change to make , and i feel it better reflects the balance . 
  and the last one is one that i know you 've been met with criticism about before , but it 's [ flight ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pbkd-cffrjggzjotgl6hozyhoe-hqdrggxjyzv74dhi/edit ) . 
  flight without wings is worth +1 per 5 ft. ? 
  that seems insanely expensive . 
  and then you 've got flight * with * wings as +0.5 per 5 ft. , but you also take a static -2 penalty for having wings , and can take an additional penalty if the wings are too large . 
  to me , that really overestimates how much of a penalty/risk wings are to flight . 
  in practice , there 's likely rarely any circumstances in which flight with wings is going to be much of a hinderance compared to flight without . 
  there are * some * circumstances , for sure , and the guide should reflect them , but i do n't think it 's anywhere near worth 2 + 0.5 \\* 5 \\* mvt . 
  speed, 
  now , some of these problems are easier to fix than others . 
  the difference between different damage types or armour types , for example , are rather difficult when everything needs to scale in multiples of 0.5 , but if you changed it to allow small gradiations , it would start getting very complicated , very fast , and one thing i love about it as-is is how simple it is to use . 
  as i said , i 'm a huge fan of the guide already , and it can obviously never be perfect ( it does n't account for the way different features interact with each other -- it does n't even try to , but i do n't think it * should * try to , because that 's a far more minute detail that should be left to a case-by-case basis review from real people ) , but there are just a couple of minor areas where i feel it does n't do * quite * as well as it could . 
  anyway , thanks so much for doing the guide , because it really is an excellent tool . 
  you seem fairly obsessed with this idea that i 'm advocating for hex as the only spell you use . 
  i have not * once * cast hex , and in fact i did n't even choose it on my spell list until i had to get a new patron at level 7 and completely rebuild my character ( well , rebuild in terms of pact-y/magic-y aspects , stats and proficiencies did n't change ) . 
  the spell hex could disappear from the game and everything i 'm saying would still be entirely correct . 
  as a side note , the way hex scales is more valuable than you probably think . 
  at 3rd level , it lasts for 8 hours , as long as you can maintain concentration . 
  and because you can use a bonus action `` on a subsequent turn of yours '' , you can even move it to an enemy in an encounter that happens 7 hours later , after you 've had a short rest and who knows what else . 
  that means that , if you can avoid taking too much damage , you can get away with casting it only once per day . 
  obviously , it 'd be nice if it scaled by increasing the damage , or by adding extra targets or something , but it 's pretty useful already . 
  your fifth paragraph is the closest to hitting the mark , but it still assumes something close to what wizards calls the `` standard adventuring day '' . 
  the problem is , most people have substantially shorter adventuring days , which makes this not work nearly as well . 
  it 's not uncommon in my party for us to have one to three encounters in an entire day -- indeed , a day with three encounters would be considered a very combat-heavy one for us , though i admit we 're probably a lot lighter on combat than most parties are -- and that means that the wizard gets to use a whole lot more spells per encounter than i do . 
  your penultimate paragraph is great , but mostly irrelevant . 
  yeah , invocations are awesome . 
  but because of the limit with number of spells , agonising blast is a * must * have ( i mean , not really `` must '' have , since it is often enjoyable to take mechanically weaker options for flavour reasons -- i had higher int than cha at level 1 , for example , as a character that * wanted * to be a wizard -- and i 'm sure it would be easy to come up with interesting reasons that a character would not take eb , or not want to emphasise its use , but in general , eb+ab is pretty crucial ) , which restricts your choices otherwise . 
  repelling blast is also a really easy choice for the same reason ( and because it allows you to do something cool that basically no one else in the game can ) . 
  that leaves you with just one degree of freedom ( to misapply a term from statistics ) . 
  mage armour at will is nice , but when you consider that you can get studded leather armour that works constantly and only loses you 1 ac , that invocation becomes less appealing . 
  false life is nice , but as a fiendlock i get a less flexible but more powerful version of it already , so that invocation becomes less appealing . 
  the other ones you mention are all great , though . 
  personally i 've gone with disguise self , since my party already has one person that can shapechange at will , might as well be able to do it as a pair . 
  plus the synergy with the friends cantrip is nice . 
  and a lot of other invocations require you to expend a warlock spell slot , which i frankly find insulting , especially since you can only cast these once per day * anyway * . 
  but because most of these spells are just some nice flavour ( apart from the two that i specifically called out as underwhelming ) , they do n't really make up for the lack of spell slots . 
  you ca n't deal damage with them , or teleport away from danger , or turn invisible to escape capture . 
  all of those things require you spend one of your spell slots . 
  which reminds me , a warlock is far less able to justify using these smaller out-of-combat spells than a wizard , because of that same limit . 
  i actually do it anyway -- my most-used spell is probably misty step , and probably about half of the spells i end up casting are out of combat , and another quarter are in combat but non-damagey ones -- but it does limit the warlock 's ability to function in combat . 
  wizards have a heap of lower level spell slots that they keep as they level , which they can use for a bunch of activities , like social encounters , escaping danger , etc. , without needing to expend their main damage-dealing spell slots , which are of a higher level . 
   arcane trickster and eldrich knight are both presented as arcane half casters, 
  third casters , actually , but otherwise , yeah , it 's not a bad idea . 
  eladrin is an elven subrace , not its own race entirely . 
  ~ ~ since it 's mostly alphabetical order , it seems odd that the mystic is at the bottom of the class list . ~ ~ you 're also missing the rune prestige class ua . 
  everything else seems good . 
  perhaps links to the ua articles in question would be helpful , and * maybe * page number indications for all the options in books .
