  the recording in this case is my own recording of myself playing . 
  that 's literally all the video is . 
  with regards to automated takedown requests , yes that 's the answer . 
  the thing is , they have to be based on samples that the copyright holders gave to youtube . 
  that means that they gave samples of things that are public domain . 
  my youtube account is http://youtube.com/lotrzagorath the video in question is a recording of me playing beethoven 's sonata no. 8 in c minor ( path\u00e9tique ) , second movement . 
  i do have other videos there with copyrighted material , but that 's not what this claim is about . 
  what 's worse is that in this request , the piece they are claiming is used is sonata no. 14 in c # minor ( moonlight ) . 
  they have n't even got the right piece . 
  edit : by they i mean the only one yet to release the claim : harry fox agency . 
  yeah , it 's definitely the work . 
  the recording is my own , of myself playing it . 
  it 's the piece itself . 
  the recording is of me playing it myself . 
  i realise my post was n't entirely clear . 
  why is everything better in northern europe ? 
  by the way , happy cake day , and i used to love the deltora books !, 
  all three series . 
  ah , no wonder i did n't see it . 
  the only place i go on youtube is my subscriptions . 
  ( as well as searching for specific things , and sometimes the related videos . ), 
  i agree completely . 
  it 's worth noting that my video was n't actually blocked , but i could n't monetise it if i wanted to . 
  ( not that i get enough views for that to be worthwhile anyway , but it 's the principal of the thing . ), 
  i think instead of it being automatic take downs , it should automatically send a notification for every suspected violation ( by the automatic detection system ) to the suspected copyright holder . 
  they should then have to manually respond to each and every suspected violation . 
  if they choose to accept the claim , then the user who uploaded the video is notified and gets the chance to counter the claim . 
  if the user turns out to be right , it should be a strike against the copyright claimant . 
  10 strikes and they should be banned from launching any claims for a year . 
  for me personally i expect it wo n't be a problem . 
  they 'll take the 30 days ( honestly an unacceptable amount of time ) , but they can only realise that they made a mistake and remove the claim . 
  i think the chances of them maintaining that the claim is valid are very low ( like i said , the claim is n't even on the right piece of music ) . 
  in the meantime , the video is accessible worldwide , and i 'm fairly sure there are n't even ads on it . 
  my real problem is with the system itself , where they can get away with this kind of stuff . 
  just gon na copy and paste what i 've said in another thread :, 
   i think instead of it being automatic take downs , it should automatically send a notification for every suspected violation ( by the automatic detection system ) to the suspected copyright holder . 
  they should then have to manually respond to each and every suspected violation . 
  if they choose to accept the claim , then the user who uploaded the video is notified and gets the chance to counter the claim . 
  if the user turns out to be right , it should be a strike against the copyright claimant . 
  10 strikes and they should be banned from launching any claims for a year . 
  plus , does n't the eff have strong ties to google ? 
  i love the stuff that they do , but i 'm not entirely sure that there 's much chance of them doing anything to help fix the overall system with youtube and copyright . 
  not necessarily . 
  if you start out with a religion that does n't have a god . 
  you do n't necessarily need to go through the logical process of reasoning why there is n't a god in order to be atheist . 
  i pirate and barely have 1000 songs , lasting for about 4.5 days if i were to play the whole lot . 
  i 'm just selective about what i download , though . 
  edit : actually , if itunes dealt with classical music in a more logical way my number would be a lot lower . 
  4 songs for 4 movements of one piece is the norm , but i 'd only really count that as 1 . 
  that 's not even counting the ballets and a requiem . 
  could you explain ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  yes, 
  this is a reason i love listening to leo laporte and his twit network of podcasts . 
  i find he ( and his other hosts ) is extremely willing to try out all different platforms and can do really good unbiased assessments and comparisons of them . 
  jesus was , afaik , convicted of something we in modern times would not consider a crime , so he gets away with it . 
  i was in a performance of the 1812 overture a while back . 
  unfortunately , we used bass drum to replace the cannons . 
  sorry , i should have said in the modern developed world . 
  if that is the case , then atheists in 200 years time wo n't be able to use it against mormons . 
  for today , though , they can , because it is . 
  i still always listen to it , but i have so much less interest since mary jo came on . 
  i was interested in windows , windows phone , office , and other consumer-facing products . 
  the emphasis they have on enterprise now really bores me . 
  windows weekly is by far the most biased of the shows i listen to ( twit , twig , macbreak , windows , all about android ) , but i do n't feel it 's too bad . 
  to me it always seems like he 's joking with the comments against microsoft . 
  that said , i do n't think i 've seen him try to ( even jokingly ) give apple credit for things microsoft did very much recently . 
  youtube 's system goes above and beyond what the dmca requires , this is n't a dmca-related issue at all . 
  my proposed idea would not affect actual dmca claims in any way . 
  ( fwiw , i 'm not american so i do n't have a congressman to take it up with ), 
  if hfa 's database is robust , how did they detect a public domain work as belonging to one of their customers , let alone it being a completely different piece of music ? 
  besides , it is exactly because issues will arise that i think the copyright claim should not be automatically applied , but should first have to be manually verified by the copyright owner/collection agency first , it should not automatically assume that if the automatic detection system finds a match that the match is correct . 
  and no . 
  30 days is * not * a reasonable amount of time . 
  if my content was news or other time-sensitive content , and the video was taken down , i would have completely lost the chance to have people see my video . 
  luckily in my case it is n't , but i 'm not only doing this for my case , i have a problem with the system itself . 
  the two other false claims on my video were released in well under 6 hours , why can this particular one not work on a realistic time schedule ? 
  i do n't think they deserve more than 1 business day to do it in , but as a compromise i 'd say 5 days . 
  blasting their facebook page was a way of trying to get them to pay attention . 
  i sent them an email , and their automated response was that they would get back to me in one business day . 
  that was last thursday night , it 's now tuesday afternoon and i still have not received a reply from them . 
  it seems clear to me that they do n't really care about doing the right thing for consumers at all . 
  it may be a win for songwriters and their publishing companies , but it 's not a win for the end user . 
  there * needs * to be some sort of punishment for false claims . 
  i have replied with my response to this [ on the other thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/copyright/comments/10ri8t/my_response_to_a_fraudulent_copyright_claim_by/c6gasti ) . 
  i can understand why you can say someone * should n't * feel guilt , but most people probably would . 
  you killed a person . 
  it was n't deliberate , you would do everything to prevent it if you could , but you did kill them . 
  it 's hard not to feel a little guilt over it . 
  and to be precise , the exact rate is every 35 days , on average . 
  you can probably get this in a lot of places ( not just my home town ) , but deep fried mars bar . 
  be careful , though , because this may be the food that kills you . 
  i had one once , served with vanilla ice-cream , and it was simply amazing . 
  as an australian , thank you for inventing ( or popularising ) such a beautiful food , but we now do it better . 
  crumbed cod beats battered any day . 
  wrong accent , by the way . 
  it 's ph\u1edf . 
  333 ( ba ba ba ) the beer ? 
  most people i know here do n't like it at all . 
  it 's the cheap alternative .
