  the level 9 feature is fulfilling a design space that is unfortunately largely unexplored in 5e , but was really common in 4e . 
  it 's what was known back then as a `` mark '' . 
  you can see it in 5e with the unearthed arcana : fighter option of the knight . 
  botta-in-tempo is essentially a weaker version of what the knight gets at 3rd level . 
  bit requires an action ( and a successful skill contest ) to set up , does n't impose disadvantage on the enemy if they choose to ignore the mark , does n't grant advantage on the reaction attack , does n't grant a * second * reaction , does n't automatically do bonus damage on a hit , and is gained 6 levels later . 
  things bit has in its favour relative to the knight 's mark are that you 're a rogue , so you get an extra opportunity for sneak attack and that you get advantage on insight . 
  probably should put a limit on the number of times things can be marked with this ability per rest , though . 
  not sure what would be an appropriate number . 
  yeah , you 've got me thinking about elegant manoeuvres . 
  it 's probably not great as it is . 
  on the one hand , an 11 level investment into rogue ( an otherwise terrible grappling class ) is a lot to get advantage on grapples , and there are n't really any other substantial uses for athletics and acrobatics . 
  on the other hand , nearly free advantage is a bit weird as a design choice , and it might be open to abuse in the right circumstances . 
  definitely open to alternative options . 
  edit : oh , wait . 
  i knew i had a reason for this design !, 
  when i was double-checking for the purposes of this comment , i was accidentally looking at the mastermind , not the swashbuckler . 
  this subclass was heavily based on the swashbuckler rogue from the scag and ua : waterborne . 
  elegant manoeuvre is taken wholesale from that . 
  and botto-in-tempo also parallels with panache quite nicely , imo . 
  the difference there being that bit concentrates on punishing them for not attacking you by giving you an attack back ( but still lets them do it as normal , if they really wish ) , while panache makes it harder for them to make the attack at all . 
  for the main-gauche , i actually originally had it kind of like what you described . 
  it was never going to be using * any * dagger ; a main-gauche needs a particular design to be effective . 
  so what i had previously was basically a dagger but more expensive , with a special property that allows it to be used in twf with a finesse weapon even if it is n't light , and * without * the thrown property . 
  then a feat that gave the +2 melee ac and speedy drawing . 
  doing it that way had the advantage of being quite clearly well-balanced . 
  by default , it was equivalent to wielding two shortswords ( 1d8 +1 d4 being possible with this , and mathematically near equivalent to 2d6 ) . 
  then a feat that sacrifices the damage from dual wielder for a circumstantial but larger ac bonus . 
  i changed that around at the last minute because , frankly , the primary purpose of a main-gauche is defensive . 
  there 's a reason its most common english name is `` parrying '' dagger . 
  for flavour reasons , it made more sense to treat it almost like a shield by default . 
  and then let a feat represent someone who is so specialised in using it that they can make use of it in offence as well as defence . 
  could you explain how you think that works ? 
  if anything , i would say the opposite is true . 
  it might be able to provide the benefits it 's going for on an electronic system , where the whole thing could be automated , but it 'll take forever to work out which dice to roll , go around the table , record everyone 's initiative , and then finally get to resolving actions , every single round of combat . 
   when she does ask questions , she only asks them once, 
  your 11-year-old cousin might just be smarted than some of my early-to-mid-20s friends , then ... because we frequently have the same questions coming up at the table . 
   it requires forethought and predictive actions, 
  for better or worse , d&d combat has always had an element of abstraction to it . 
  a very , ** very ** heavy element . 
  it 's extremely difficult to make a tabletop game * not * abstract , because things * ca n't * play out in real time , or even in a slowed-down but correctly proportioned way . 
  that means , as far as mechanics are concerned , you have to , to some extent , treat turns as though they really are happening one at a time , even if they actually happen near-simultaneously . 
  the example i gave above is the perfect one to point out the problem with mearls ' system . 
  you * have * to declare at the start of the turn that you 're going to move at all . 
  in reality , making the choice to follow after a retreating opponent is a simple one , and one that you should n't have to plan ahead for . 
  and yet with this you do . 
  while at the same time , other types of actions where it * might * make sense to require planning ahead , this system would * not * . 
  you can choose the exact nature of your attack still , such as switching targets at ease , changing which spell you want to cast , or choosing to run in the opposite direction to your initial plan . 
  it 's kind of the worst of both words . 
  hmm , apart from the use of the word `` combat '' , which part of bit would you say is awkward ? 
  and could you suggest an alternative way of wording that part of it ? 
  the intent is to allow the attack to be made when the opponent moves away from the pc , even if they take the disengage action . 
  perhaps `` if it makes an attack against a creature other than you or moves at least 1 foot away from you , you may make an opportunity attack against it , even if it took the disengage action '' ? 
  hey , uh , just so you know , you seem to have deleted this post before you had any chance to get feedback . 
   removing the opportunity attack part then you do n't need to explain the disengage part, 
  oh of course !, 
  great point . 
  thanks . 
  yup . 
  it 's exactly why this community has largely hated it from the beginning . 
  it 's incredibly harmful to both creators and the community . 
  only wotc themselves benefit from it . 
  it 's unfortunate , but that 's kind of on them for making the choice to get in bed with an incredibly harmful platform . 
  this is incredibly important , and i would highly urge everyone to contact their mps by whatever means possible . 
  australia 's current fair dealing laws are * okay * , but they are seriously lacking behind those of the united states . 
  big media corporations are campaigning * heavily * against this , because while it [ is in the best interests of the community and economy at large ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_fair_use_proposals_in_australia#productivity_commission ) , it goes against their own interests . 
  we need to counter their media misinformation campaigns . 
  contact your mps , tell your friends to do the same , or at least help inform them about why this is important . 
  we have a * real * chance right now of getting a proper fair use law in australia . 
  let 's make it happen !, 
  this is incredibly important , and i would highly urge everyone to contact their mps by whatever means possible . 
  australia 's current fair dealing laws are * okay * , but they are seriously lacking behind those of the united states . 
  big media corporations are campaigning * heavily * against this , because while it [ is in the best interests of the community and economy at large ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_fair_use_proposals_in_australia#productivity_commission ) , it goes against their own interests . 
  we need to counter their media misinformation campaigns . 
  contact your mps , tell your friends to do the same , or at least help inform them about why this is important . 
  we have a * real * chance right now of getting a proper fair use law in australia . 
  let 's make it happen !, 
  wait , are you the same u : wittylama from the australian wikipedians notice board ? 
  i 've said thanks already multiple times on that board , but i 'll say it again here . 
  thanks so much for organising all of this !, 
  the microsite says, 
   once you 've sent your email , you may want to follow up with a phone call or letter . 
  there 's a link on this page that will help you with that . 
  unfortunately , i 'm not seeing any link for that . 
  currently the only thing i 'm able to do using this site is send an email to my mp and senators . 
  i have n't finished composing mine yet , so perhaps those links appear after sending the email , but it would certainly feel useful to have them appear front and centre , in my opinion . 
  if the weather is a significant concern , i would definitely suggest preferring august-december over january-june . 
  partly because it 'll let you gradually get used to the heat as it heats up , but also because you 're likely to have less of it if you finish in november than if you start in february . 
  brisbane definitely is n't a `` huge city with lots of noise '' , and i 'm lead to believe ( never been ) that neither is adelaide . 
  brisbane might not be * as * calm as adelaide is , but it certainly does have a nice calm atmosphere in general . 
  one other thing brisbane has going for it is its proximity to other things . 
  it 's only an hour away from some of the best beaches in the world , and it 's comparatively close to the great barrier reef , if you 're interested in visiting either of those at any point while you 're in the country . 
  you might get some more good responses if you also ask in / r/brisbane and / r/adelaide . 
   e.g. 
  the 75 years plus copyright, 
  australia 's current copyright duration is life +70 . 
  copyright durations in the us are ... [ a little more complicated ] ( http://copyright.cornell.edu/resources/publicdomain.cfm ) . 
  but a good shorthand is that for works created and published after 2002 , copyright lasts until :, 
   70 years after the death of author . 
  if a work of corporate authorship , 95 years from publication or 120 years from creation , whichever expires first, 
  i 'm not making any point here .
