  i missed fatigue , though , that 's the one thing i thought they should have kept in runescape 2 . 
  it may not have been runescape classic , it may have been that you chose the low res option . 
  when going to play , one of the screens before you loaded the game ( along with choosing a server ) was low-res or high-res . 
  the icons , if i remember correctly , were a skeleton for low , and a man in iron or steel armour for high . 
  i find that second part to also apply to skyrim , or any rpg . 
  going off on side quests and just wandering is great fun . 
  haha yeah , i wanted to go with the default mage class , but my experiences of alchemy from skyrim made me do a custom one and add something else instead of that . 
  all the rest of my class is the same , though . 
   the basic idea is to pick the skills you 're going to use , and do n't make them majors . 
  could you please elaborate ? 
  i thought the point of the major skills was that it 's the ones you use the most ... 
  oh alright , thanks . 
  do you know how the [ af leveling mod ] ( http://www.oblivionmodwiki.com/index.php/af_leveling_mod ) works , by any chance ? 
  i read through it but did n't really understand . 
  it was mentioned by someone in a thread that 's basically the same as this one . 
  thanks, 
  oh god that 's brilliant !, 
  delivering messages : finding them should be easier . 
  maybe a way of sending a scout ahead to tell them to stop and wait for you ? 
  escort cattle , why ca n't the just follow you automatically , or be temporarily in your `` army '' / inventory or whatever ? 
  do n't suppose you can remember what he said ? 
  do n't suppose you can remember what he said ? 
  are you a woman ? 
  if not , that 's never happening . 
  hehe, 
  edit : wow ... can people really not take a joke ? 
  i even put a little laugh in there to make it obvious ... 
  yes , it was . 
  actually , according to one redditor i saw a while ago the bad ones are third wave . 
  good ones are second wave , and first wave had completely passed ( was just about the very early aims like right to vote ) . 
  just curious , where do you stand on issues where men could be considered to be in an inferior position to women ? 
  as ignitionremix said , the origin of the word is baby birds , and therefore it has very strong connotations to it . 
  i saw a show on prohibition in the states just a couple of days ago . 
  while women were instrumental in its creation , they were also a very important force in getting rid of it . 
  in my experience `` social studies '' is a generic name for a group of very real subjects that includes things like history and geography . 
  i believe it 's because it 's more associated with those that hate lgbts ( cough ) than the actual people it 's meant to represent . 
  example , extreme authoritarians ( on the political compass ) will use homosexual , whereas a gay person would call himself gay , typically . 
  i do n't know how true this actually is , mind you , it 's something someone i trust on political matters told me . 
  my school 's drama department had to send off videos to the external board in charge of our curricula . 
  there was only one black person in the group , but he had to be referred to in their documentation as the one in the red shirt ( or whatever it was ) . 
  they probably were , and act like this to get away with it without you knowing . 
  ive got ta be honest , until very recently i was exactly to same . 
  care to explain how that turnaround happened ? 
  which i 'm sure this guy would be fine with , if she simply rejected him and did n't want to go our again . 
  but that 's not what happened . 
  she lead him ito, 
  believing she may have been interested , all the time knowing she has a boyfriend , and actually not planning on going anywhere with op . 
  look , i 'm a huge fan of the ib course , and i thoroughly believe it to be better than any of the national curricula i know a bit about ( us , at least aps ; uk , an absolutely * horrid * system they have which they defend tooth an nail ; french , where the ib took the b from its name from , and qld , australia , which is actually a fairly decent course , quite similar to ib without so much rigour ) . 
  however , ib also demands far more of students , teachers , and schools than other courses might . 
  if you ca n't meet all those demands , it 's not worth doing . 
  in short , yeah , i think you should drop out , your school clearly is n't set up to offer ib properly . 
  if i may ask , where are you from , and what course would you be switching to ? 
  oh right . 
  since most redditors are american , i usually assume all are until i 'm told otherwise , sorry mate . 
  which is funny , when you look at what the official name of the trial was . 
  my understanding ( not that i really defend it ) is that it 's not about specifics like pinch-to-zoom and rounded corners , but the general idea that samsung 's * aim * was to copy apple . 
  do i think that 's the case ? 
  looking at their phone icon from a while ago , i 'd say it 's at least partly true , but worth $ 1billion ? 
  no , no way . 
  pretty sure if you can demonstrate prior art then who patented it first does n't matter . 
  ( see my reply to the other guy for why i think this does n't matter in this case . ), 
  yeah , but i do n't think the case was about stealing the code , but was actually about the ideas . 
  should that be illegal ? 
  i do n't think so , not at the level samsung 's done it , anyway . 
  but it is , and that 's the system we live in today . 
  until it 's fixed , samsung was in the wrong legally . 
  the most commonly cited ones are about how men are typically expected to pay on dates , hold open doors for women on dates ( personally , i think it 's just polite for anyone , male or female , to do this for anyone else , date or complete stranger ) , and how men are expected to be the first to make a move in a relationship . 
  my joke was about how women control the wedding . 
  i do n't actually believe that it has to be that way in the slightest , but it 's an incredibly common stereotype , so i thought it made a decent joke . 
  i was n't claiming that women always want massive weddings , or making an actual claim that the man has no say over the wedding . 
  sorry if you ( and anyone else ) got offended by it . 
  i find i always enjoy them more if i 've done a brief amount of research into the piece beforehand . 
  it 's certainly not necessary , but reading of the wikipedia article and understanding some of the context of the piece can improve your enjoyment of it . 
  i respectfully and firmly disagree with you , but come on guys . 
  why the hell are you downvoting him ? 
  his comment is thoroughly constructive to the argument at hand . 
  if you disagree , leave it alone . 
  downvote is for unconstructive comments . 
  that was my guess . 
  14-15 year olds . 
  clearly minors , but not very young children . 
  ones where it would have been more acceptable for him to have sex with if he were one year younger . 
  what about 14-15 ? 
  a much greyer area . 
  my only reason for saying 14-15 is that 16-17 year-olds could appear very much like young-looking adults . 
  14-15 is still a grey area , unlike much younger pre-pubescent kids , so it holds for many of the same arguments as 16-17 . 
  yeah , this makes sense . 
  i 'm glad they did n't ban any phones . 
  a similar case has been taking place in korea , and both companies apparently lost out : iphones as well as a few samsung phones ( including the galaxy sii ) have been banned from being sold , according to the tv report i saw a few hours ago . 
  edit : note , these are my suggestions for a fair system , and do n't represent the actual situation of any location as far as i know . 
  / edit, 
  you do n't draw a line . 
  you let it be taken on a case-by-case basis , and let the judge and/or jury ( who are human beings ) decide , making sure they know that it 's their call . 
  alternatively , an individual is allowed to have naked pictures of anyone that they would be allowed to have sex with , whatever the laws may be regarding that in one 's area . 
  ( e.g. , a minor is allowed pictures of another minor : i do n't know the law , but i 'm assuming this does n't mean a 16 year-old is allowed an 8 year old . ), 
  if the person in question was 16 or 17 when he obtained them , should he be in trouble for this ? 
  yes it 's technically illegal , but it 's one of those moral grey areas . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i do n't really agree with the fines , but given the current law i understand them . 
  but bans , on the other hand are nothing but horrible for consumers ( unless the banned product is actually dangerous ) .
