  i could download it on this computer ( windows xp ) , but how would i connect it to my mac 's hard drive ? 
  would i need to take it out and place it in a usb enclosure ? 
  edit : and if so , would it fit in the same enclosure as one i have already for drives from windows desktops ( not sure of the size , sorry ) . 
  and then plug the usb into the mac , boot up , and it will be able to run ? 
  even though the computer has no operating system/can ' t get to the desktop ? 
  that 's awesome , thanks !, 
  i 'll definitely give it a go . 
  i 've also just found out that it 's made by steve gibson , from security now on the twit network , which for me is an added bonus . 
  yeah , that link has the same instructions as the link i used , and i 've followed them to the point they work . 
  the ones about disk utility or performing an `` archive and install '' do n't work because there 's a stage where you must select a drive , where none are shown on mine . 
  the only comment i can make about this is that if his comment about a country within a country is wrong , then it would be the united kingdom that is a country , not the separate parts . 
  you get a uk passport , not an english or scottish one . 
  there is no wales or northern ireland in the united nations . 
  just my two cents . 
  ( interestingly , cgpgrey has another video that covers this topic , although does n't exactly answer the question at hand . ), 
  is that reason that it 's a book ? 
  are you correcting his grammar , or implying that the bbc does n't stay neutral in these matters ? 
  oh wow , thanks . 
  i never knew that ( and even recently found myself wondering why there was n't ... ), 
  oh wow , thanks . 
  i never knew that ( and even recently found myself wondering why there was n't ... ), 
  oh wow , thanks . 
  i never knew that ( and even recently found myself wondering why there was n't ... ), 
  and then every individual will view it in a biased way based on their own opinions and previous experiences . 
  i have to agree with bladefbb , even when one tries ones hardest to remain neutral , there will always be some bias there , i think . 
  the earth king welcomes you to / r/laogai, 
  so smoking is n't included ? 
  the difference with these is that they actually feel good to someone who 's not already addicted . 
  no one ( that i have ever heard of ) actually feels a nice buzz , high , or any sort of positive effect the first time they smoke . 
  not that i agree with this ban -- i 'd rather they just put massive taxes on it -- but your reasoning did n't seem sound to me . 
  in addition to what peter_thomas has said , though what i have to add is n't especially relevant , wood smoke smells a * lot * nicer than cigarette smoke . 
  australia has already done this to a huge level compared to many other developed countries , and it definitely is already much better in australia than , say , europe , because of it . 
  i detest smoking , but am iffy on ( as in , i do n't feel comfortable with ) the idea of banning it outright . 
  however , just to make sure i fully understand your argument i 'm going to ask . 
  how , without an outright ban , could we protect from smoking around children and even just people who do n't want to smoke , at private places like the home or in one 's car ? 
  right , but what about a young child ? 
  when infants are circumcised , they do n't get to give consent . 
  if a consenting adult consents and wants to pay to be circumcised , then they should be allowed , i agree completely , but it should not be legal for parents or guardians to have their child circumcised when it is not explicitly medically necessary . 
  urgh ... the next federal election will be my first , not only because of age but also that i will be living in australia for the first time in most of my life . 
  i really do n't want him winning that election , but it looks like it 's an inevitability ... 
   to the right and to the top, 
  are you referring to the [ political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) with that , or just saying how they 're growing in power ? 
  why is 438 special ? 
  but i agree , it may be a bit of both , protecting themselves and in some cases also their parents . 
  the first point is not at all a surprise given the general leaning on reddit . 
  american posters tend to be mostly democrats , it 's just a general `` left wing '' site . 
  would love to do it , but i do n't live in australia at the moment . 
  you may want to cross post this to / r/samplesize for more people . 
  ah , in that case i do n't need to ask the significance . 
  very clever . 
  not their * fault * , but it is their * problem * . 
  they then do n't get to watch it , and that 's a problem for them , if they wanted to watch it . 
  yeah , but are n't most people saying windows 8 is fine on a touchscreen device ? 
  i thought debate was only about on desktop and laptop keyboard-and-mouse devices . 
  you absolutely * can not * say `` it simply is not more efficient for a power user '' . 
  you can say you do n't like it , you can say it 's not as efficient for you , but you ca n't speak for the general public . 
  i for one ** love ** the ribbon interface in office . 
  it makes it so much easier for me to find various things i want . 
  for example , where in pre-ribbon word would i find the options i want for referencing sources , such as `` insert citation '' and `` manage sources '' . 
  where were options like watermark located ? 
  in powerpoint , i did n't even know it had video capabilities until i saw it in the ribbon . 
  things like animations and transitions were buried under the second level of menus . 
  excel is the only one where i 'm less sure about the ribbon , and even it is at least as good as the old system once you get used to it , in my opinion . 
  now , [ sibelius ] ( http://www.sibelius.com ) , on the other hand , never should have gone ribbon , in my opinion . 
  i have not yet upgraded to sibelius 7 full time , because my computer could n't handle it ( for reasons unrelated to the ribbon ) , but when i did a trial of it , i found the ribbon a pain to use . 
  however , i strongly believe that it would not take more than a few weeks of use before i was completely content with its interface once more . 
  it 's definitely not better for an already experienced power user , imo ( although it is vastly superior for a beginner , and may remain better for current beginners as they become power users ) , but it is n't a huge step backwards . 
   why is him tracking her phone and knowing where her mother lives and showing up at her door when she tells him not to , why is that romantic instead of completely creepy ? 
  i think this started out as a twilight fanfiction , so that would explain this . 
  also , i 'm not a grown-ass woman , but i am an adult male , and i say `` jeez '' all the time . 
  saying `` jesus '' as a profanity just takes too much effort . 
  edit : yeah , what kinda university student does n't use a phone or computer ? 
  if that 's in there , it 's absolutely bizarre . 
  which , it should be mentioned , therealmsofgold frequents . 
  i assume you know this , but for others , it is n't * actually * elitist , it just pretends to be . 
  it 's basically just for people to share rare or lesser-known `` classical '' ( or western art ) music . 
  i loved this post , but just want to clear up a few things . 
  claude debussy , though not technically in the 20th century for most of his life , is usually considered a 20th century composer , because of his impressionistic style , not a romantic one . 
  at least in my experience . 
  you imply beethoven 's 5th is not romantic , when in fact it usually is classed as such . 
  beethoven 's 3rd symphony , eroica , is often cited as the first piece of the romantic era . 
  then regarding mozart 's requiem , it 's only speculated that he was writing it for himself . 
  it may very well have been purely for the commission . 
  still , i , like many others , like to believe in the very romantic notion that he was writing it for his own death . 
  i do n't like much mozart , but i love many of his later works , such as the 40th and 41st symphonies , the clarinet concerto , and the requiem . 
  i only wish he could have lived longer and developed further . 
  again , the post as a whole was a great answer to his question . 
  the paragraph about le sacre du printemps was brilliant , and the descriptions of romanticism in debussy and chopin were great . 
  why is it that classical and jazz fans are often one and the same ? 
  i find that fascinating . 
  i agree , though , one should n't look down on music . 
  personally i detest rap and hip-hop , but i 'm happy outside of those in any pop , rock , or metal styles . 
  urgh ... the singing !, 
  i think it 's a shame that film music composers are looked down upon . 
  sure , many of williams 's original themes are , shall we say , strongly inspired , by other sources , but what he does with them is incredibly clever . 
  take the example of star wars . 
  in the prequel trilogy , anakin 's theme ( mainly used in phantom menace ) resembles an inverted imperial march ( darth vader 's theme ) from the original trilogy , and has unstable harmonies , representing the character , and who he is going to become . 
  similarly , shore ( from lord of the rings ) takes different themes for different characters , groups , and even objects , and works them into his music in such clever ways , some obvious , but some incredibly subtle . 
  my sister recently went to a concert where an orchestra played the music to the first film , while the film played in the background with only speech and sound effects ( the music was removed ) . 
  while there , she got a book that describes in detail all the different themes and how they are used in the movie .
