  however , in casual browsing or whatever , it could equally be either hand . 
  pencils are handed ? 
  every pencil i 've ever seen is perfectly symmetrical ... 
  annoyingly , chrome on android does n't do this ... 
  the / / operator in python . 
  yeah , i was absolutely flummoxed when i realised it did this . 
  safari on ios can view pdfs in the browser , so moving from my ancient ipod touch to a fancy-smancy android smartphone seemed almost a downgrade in that respect ( though very few others ) . 
  because i want to play in d # major and fuck you for telling me i should n't . 
  the holiday in general ( with mentions of famous events such as the tet offensive to have occurred during tet ) , or a report about the tet offensive ? 
  i remember seeing one that ended with a native american ripping out a sink or something , in the same way it happened in cuckoo , but i do n't remember the rest of the episode being a homage/parody to/of it . 
  i must 've missed this whole thing . 
  when did this rule change ? 
  except that that * is * a significant difference . 
  it dumps the file when you 're done , which is a small bonus , but not one to be ignored . 
  more importantly , however , it leaves you with a much smoother browsing experience . 
  you can open it in a new tab and leave it to load , then quickly switch back to it completely effortlessly . 
  alternatively , you can open it in the current tab and have it open right in front of you , without needing to go anywhere . 
  when you 're done you press the back button . 
  simple . 
  having it download and open in a dedicated app means you have to leave the browser , open the file , and then go back to downloads , delete the file , and open the browser again . 
  it 's not a * huge * pain , but it does make browsing the web and reading pdfs a lot less smooth . 
  yeah , people vastly exaggerate how bad vista was . 
  it had much higher spec requirements than xp , and many computers had trouble running on it as a result . 
  there were a number of issues with drivers not working properly . 
  once those issues were solved , it was a decent os . 
  i do n't remember , sorry, 
  and the points do n't matter . 
  yes . 
  i wish more people would get this . 
  parkour = awesome moves getting from place to place as quick as possible, 
  freerunning = stupid showy tricks like this that make no sense, 
  the other gymnopedies , and also les gnossiennes by satie . 
  [ prelude to the afternoon of a faun ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_7loz-hwum ) , debussy . 
  [ clair de lune ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lxl4y6d-qi ) , debussy . 
  i do n't know his music very well , and i do n't care for choral music . 
  however , i played october in an inter-school windband , and i absolutely loved it . 
  it was an amazing piece of music to play ( dat looooooooooooooong-arse c at the start ... ) , and sounded absolutely awesome . 
  pretty biased title you got there . 
  but cello all the way . 
  this , to me , is the same bad thinking that causes people to hate on windows 8 , or the ribbon interface , or any other change in technology . 
  yes , change made it difficult at first , but in the end it lead to the point we 're at with windows 7 and 8 , so it was a worthwhile change . 
  oh , and . docx has nothing to do with vista , other than the fact that they were both released close together in time . 
  the . docx format was related to microsoft word 2007 , which works just fine on xp . 
  indeed , many more people probably upgraded to office 2007 than upgraded to vista . 
  he 's saying ignore the party * leader * , and vote for the party whose overriding policies most align with yours . 
  do n't not vote for labor because you hate gillard , or not vote for liberals because you think abbott is a dick . 
  if the parties ' policies are most similar to yours , then vote for that party . 
  at least , that 's what i think he is saying , i 'm not going to say whether i agree or disagree with it . 
  hey , could you explain senate voting for me ? 
  i think i more or less understand how it works in the house of representatives , but i do n't understand much about how senate voting works . 
  what do above and below the line mean ? 
  how are the 6 members ( up for re-election ) from each state chosen based on the votes -- do individuals vote for parties or specific members ? 
  in either case , how are the members chosen with respect to the fact that it is preferential voting ? 
  edit : by the way , that thing you were saying about duplicates being used to avoid major parties getting your vote , i 'm a bit confused . 
  your link clearly states that it is true , but [ this abc article ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/elections/federal/2010/guide/howtovote.htm ) seems to imply the opposite . 
  i 'd consider both reliable sources , ( although it would certainly be more logical to trust the aec is matters electoral ) , but they seem conflicting ... 
   if you duplicate a number on the ballot paper , your vote will be informal and will not count . 
  there is a theory that does the rounds saying you can deny the major parties your preferences by voting 1,2,2 , ... 
  this is not correct . 
  if you duplicate any number , your vote will not count and be placed in the informal pile . 
  it may be grossly undemocratic , but if you want to cast a valid vote , you are going to have to provide a valid sequence of numbers for every candidate , numbering from 1 to however many candidates there are on the ballot paper . 
  if you make a numbering error , you can cross it out and put the number next to the box and the vote will still count . 
  if you have a real bout of indecision and start crossing and uncrossing numbers , you might be better off asking for another ballot paper . 
  you will have to hand in your old one to get a new ballot paper . 
  it is too late to ask for another go once you have put your ballot paper in the ballot box . 
  to be fair , they have brought back a heap of the same people . 
  all the main voice actors are the same , and they said that they 're going to attempt to bring the same voice actors as they go along . 
  their character designer is the same as the previous show , too , and they 're trying to get some of the same writers . 
  regarding that the main creators have n't seen it , you could look at it as a positive thing . 
  it means they 're in no way trying to emulate the previous show . 
  try to think of it as a completely unrelated show that happens to have characters with the same names . 
  that may or may not help alleviate the pain of what they do to it , but i 'm putting the idea out there just in case . 
  ah thanks . 
  i 'm not entirely sure i understand how the vote counting part works , but i now understand at least how my part works . 
  out of curiosity , are there stats on how many people vote below the line ? 
  if you really have to number 90 or more people individually , by hand , i feel as though that would be way too much work for most people ... why would n't they just have optional preferential voting ... 
  i 'm fairly sure i remember reading that age of empires enemies always worked under the same rule as players , and that the change in difficulty levels was due to them being smarter . 
  are you doing diploma ? 
  if so , what are you taking for group 3 ( social sciences ) ? 
  you should find out what books/plays you 're doing in english , and make sure to have as many of them as possible already read . 
  for music if you 're doing hl , just keep practising your instrument , and compose whenever you get the chance . 
  try submitting compositions to / r/composer for feedback . 
  if you 're doing sl , just do one of those things , whichever one you want to use for your final assessment . 
  in maths and physics there is n't much you can do to prepare except make sure you fully understand everything you 've learnt so far . 
  if you like you could find out what textbooks they 'll be using and get a copy , read through that . 
  i believe you can start your cas ( if you 're doing diploma ) as early as the july before you actually start , so start keeping a record of any creativity , action , or service related stuff you do ( recording sports , musical events , and any community service stuff ) . 
  for french , it depends on your current level . 
  if you 've got a bit of experience , try picking up some books and reading them . 
  use a dictionary where you need help . 
  le petit prince is a great french children 's book to start out on . 
  unfortunately , missing lessons in ib can be a huge hindrance , so you should make sure you 've got some friends who can help you catch up , and hopefully your teachers will be accommodating in that regard as well , but even then it could be a struggle . 
  right , but they still party by the same rules . 
  in some other rtss , computer players on higher difficulty levels gerry resource bonuses and/or damage bonuses . 
  aoe does n't do that . 
  the ais have to play the same as you would -- just their strategies may get more effective . 
  regarding states , there may be fewer running , but according to wikipedia a bunch of states * do * have optional prefererncing , so it does n't matter anyway . 
  regarding states , there may be fewer running , but according to wikipedia a bunch of states * do * have optional prefererncing , so it does n't matter anyway . 
  just curious , why not ? 
  i ca n't say i 've ever heard the argument against it , so it would be interesting to be exposed to the other side of the argument . 
  i have heard ( but i 'm also not certain how true it is ) that in some areas a reasonable belief that the person was of age is a legal defence against statutory rape charges .
