  retracted . 
  see below . 
  that 's not how it works in australia . 
  if your card is compromised , the bank has total liability for any losses . 
  in the event it 's compromised via paywave/paypass , then visa/mastercard also have liability , but it is * never * up to the consumer . 
  that may or may not be how it ends up happening in the us , but in does n't have to be . 
  in australia , i know that liability is * never * on the consumer . 
  most of the time it 's up to the bank , and if the thief is paying by paywave/paypass it 's up to visa/mastercard , but never the consumer . 
  tap your phone ? 
  how and where do you do that ? 
  what bank/phone/carrier combo you on ? 
  i 've never had any reason to refute anything , so i do n't really know what the process is . 
  i would imagine that if you tried this scam once with a small amount of cash , it probably would work -- but you 're obviously going to need to get a new card . 
  i 'm sure they have some process for checking the validity of the claim , and you 'll get caught if you try it repeatedly . 
  ah yes [ so it is ] ( https://www.grc.com/sn/sn-432.txt ) . 
  i had remembered a previous security now in which he outlined a theory that was the one i described , but forgot the more recent one in which he explains how it really works . 
  retracted . 
  yeah but one would have to be a pretty dumb customer to not just agree with the original price if they try to go higher . 
   but jesus h christ , you 're getting downvoted too, 
  really ? 
  i 'm sitting at 2 on this comment , and the other two times i 've pointed it out in this thread are at 2 and 1 ( res says the one on 1 had 4 upvotes and 3 down ) . 
  he was also a fair bit further away , to be fair . 
  but is n't john stewart the green lantern black ? 
  not to mention that diggle 's brother is dead . 
  what thread are you looking at ? 
  i have n't seen any of that , and yours is the 5th top level comment down . 
  at least two are archery ( both the red circled ones ) . 
  i * think * the third one is , too , but it 's too blurry to tell . 
  if anyone knows what episode this is in i can check it out -- i 've got higher quality version downloaded . 
  damn that 's cool . 
  and it works anywhere that takes paywave/paypass ? 
  before the london olympics i had never even heard of a place * not * showing it live . 
  it just seems so stupid . 
  if you really want to have it in `` prime time '' then show it twice . 
  apparently in the us they just randomly cut bits out , too . 
  and americans wonder why the rest of the world looks down on them ... ( i realise that this is n't the fault of most people on here , and that most redditors would agree it should be shown live . ), 
   it sucks that you 're going through this - youtube needs to fix their permissions system so that this does n't keep happening . 
  they really , really do . 
  it 's just so awful and virtually everyone who uploads any videos to youtube comes across this very quickly . 
  virtually every one of my own recordings of classical music gets some bogus claim from some group or other , and while it 's usually just a notify claim ( rather then monetise or block ) , and they usually release the claim nearly instantaneously after i dispute it , sometimes it can be far more of a nuisance , like in op 's experience , out my experience that i described [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1x2rys/what_is_an_unwritten_rule_of_your_country/ ) . 
  the troubles some gamers have run into has also had a lot of press lately , and i know many online news networks ( such as twit ) get pinged for what clearly falls under us fair use laws regularly . 
  personally i do n't think it should be too hard to fix if they really wanted to . 
  something like this system :, 
   instead of it being automatic take downs , it should automatically send a notification for every suspected violation ( by the automatic detection system ) to the suspected copyright holder . 
  they should then have to manually respond to each and every suspected violation . 
  if they choose to accept the claim , then the user who uploaded the video is notified and gets the chance to counter the claim . 
  if the user turns out to be right , it should be a strike against the copyright claimant . 
  10 strikes and they should be banned from launching any claims for a year . 
  you could fiddle with the numbers and timescales to make it more or less lenient as required , but i think the most important thing would be removing automatic responses assuming guilt on the part of the uploader , and having some very definitive penalty for incorrect claims . 
  because [ that 's how the nato phonetic alphabet goes ... ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_phonetic_alphabet ), 
  what would you call it ? 
  how do they take one but not the other ? 
  they use the same technology , do n't they ? 
  yeah , if you could just go ahead and explain those words for me , that 'd be great ... 
  but seriously , i use a bike lock but i do n't know what type it is by name . 
  pictures or descriptions would be really helpful . 
  then you get swiftkey on an android and have the best of both worlds . 
  i tend to prefer two separate computers , maybe having a second monitor on one if them . 
  it allows you to do fullscreen things like gaming without causing weird effects . 
  ( also really helps if , like me , you enjoy living in two different operating systems . ), 
  the reason you probably thought this is that i is often the plural version of us , particularly in words of a latin root . 
  ( quick side note to say that for words of a greek root , the plural is odes , as in octopodes . ), 
  penis , obviously , does n't end in us , but its pronunciation in many accents is very similar , and in some even identical , to how `` penus '' would be pronounced -- were it a word . 
  it 's like octopus . 
  octopuses makes sense because it 's now an english word so you can use the english pluralisation . 
  octopodes makes sense because it is etymologically correct . 
  octopi just does n't make any sense at all . 
  not european , but thanks for the completely unbased assumption . 
  not that specifically , but the attitude that causes it . 
  the olympic opening ceremony -- and the winter olympic opening ceremony -- is a major international cultural event . 
  every other country recognises its significance and shows it live and unedited . 
  but the us likes to be different and special . 
  no , the war of the century 88 ' , as in 8800 . 
  anyone familiar with the mutetab extension mentioned in the next comment down ? 
  what 's it do ? 
  from the name it would seem to be able to mute individual tabs , and yet he clearly describes a situation in which it ca n't mute tabs , implying it only mutes the whole browser . 
  surely i ca n't be the only one that thinks it absolutely disgusting that they ca n't just show the * whole * ceremony -- live -- like every other damn country in the world . 
  one thing i found quite amusing , in 4th place for 1st preference ( meaning 1st after the big guys : labor , lnp , and the greens ) was the pirate party . 
   its because people who are n't predisposed to * any * genre often hear the worst examples of the genre, 
  ftfy . 
  perhaps the only exception to this is classical , because over time people just stopped playing the lesser quality pieces ( not to say that if , like me , you 're a fan of classical music , they 're not worth listening to , because they absolutely are ) , and the better ones have risen to the top . 
  it 's dumb as far as actual advice , but i just find that really clever and funny as a statement . 
  but you do have to realise ocd is n't a binary thing . 
  you do n't just have it or not have it . 
  some people really do have ocd tendencies without it being totally debilitating . 
  i know for me , for example , certain things that i find out of place cause an involuntary , physical , contraction across my body , and make me feel really uncomfortable . 
  it 's absolutely nothing compared to what you suffer from , and i do n't want to try and belittle your disorder , but it is very real . 
  some people are further along the ocd spectrum than average , without actually `` having '' ocd . 
  that said , i do n't think most of the people who bring up in conversation `` i 'm so ocd '' really are very far along the spectrum at all . 
  it does seem more like an attention-grabbing thing to me . 
  i know the only time i bring it up at all is in this sort of meta-conversation kind of way . 
  hate to be * that guy * , but the sharp sign ( \u266f ) is n't quite the same as the octothorpe ( # , aka number sign , hash , or pound ) . 
  i had a lecturer who would constantly say `` ok '' . 
  i grabbed a counter app on my phone one time , and in the ~ 40 minutes from when i downloaded the app till the end of the class , she said it over 90 times . 
  high five for dual os users !, 
  i do n't think i 'll ever buy a laptop with windows again , but i also ca n't imagine ever getting a desktop that is n't either custom built or specifically ordered , and running windows . 
   sometimes i wan na go under the hood and really mess around with stuff , and it 's tough to do that in os x, 
  what exactly is it that you want to do that you ca n't do ? 
  i 've never come across something that a quick terminal session could n't fix . 
  but oh god yes .
