   you get a population estimation . 
  this is the same as above , but going in the opposite direction . 
   gold limit , which is great for helping dms know how much wealth to be expected from larger or smaller communities, 
  that does sound pretty useful . 
   table for `` power center , '' which reminds the dm of the game 's fantasy theme . 
  and the existence of magical power centers helps reason how an anachronistic metropolis exists given the time period, 
  that sounds interesting . 
   5e dmg does have a table for different forms of government , while the [ 3.5 , i assume ] dmg has a table for alignments of government . 
  i think the former is more useful for world building , but the latter is more practical, 
  i think the latter is an utter useless waste of time . 
   guidelines for population mixtures , professions , and class levels of population by total population, 
  npcs do n't need to have class levels , you can just stat them out with the abilities you as a dm want them to have . 
  nevertheless , i can certainly see how this might be useful as a guideline . 
   a useful section explaining how and why it 's difficult to sell magic/expensive loot . 
  i thought this was more than adequately explained in the 5e version . 
   the 5e dmg spends a lot of time giving half-examples from various published campaign settings or works of fiction in the d&d multiverse that i often find either do n't help illuminate the subject matter or even make it harder to understand . 
  there 's extraneous tables that explain the different ranks of the z-whoeverthefuck 's where a simple paragraph or less could get the same information across , save space , and avoid distracting readers, 
  i find the examples the 5e dmg gives to be extremely useful , and in general examples are a much better way of getting an understanding of something than an abstract block of text . 
   dmg has several hypothetical conversations between the player and dm, 
  sounds useful, 
   ... and includes a sample adventure, 
  this is and should be considered out of scope for the dmg . 
  phandelver exists for a reason , and this is it . 
  `` you need to make a pantheon and cosmology , here 's a bunch of half-examples of gods and systems we are n't actually going to explain , fuck you . '', 
  holy shit yes . 
  jumping right into pantheon building at the start of the dmg is such an incredibly idiotic decision . 
  i just do n't understand what the fuck wizards was thinking with this . 
   `` expected wealth by level '' in addition to `` starting wealth by level '', 
  yes , this would be really great to have . 
   3.5 dmg has `` 100 adventure ideas '' that 's full of interesting ideas, 
  5e has this in droves . 
   it also has a useful section on briefly explaining the game 's meta on page 50 called `` difficulty factors . '', 
  do n't have an aoe caster ? 
  large groups are hard to fight . 
  do n't have a cleric ? 
  fights are going to be harder . 
  planning a lot of locks and traps ? 
  better have a rogue . 
  no shit . 
  any of that is trivially obvious to anyone with even the most basic understanding of any of : game mechanics , fighting , film tropes , or reasoning skills . 
   5e 's section on traps is so small , if you blink you 'll miss it . 
  i love this . 
  traps are lame and unnecessary 9 times out of 10 , and when they 're * not * , there 's certainly no need for insanely bizarre and unusual traps . 
  just use the standard ones and put slight twists on them if you like . 
  what could you possibly want ? 
   there 's things about 5e 's books that are better . 
  cover design is n't one of them, 
  3.5 's book covers look incredibly old and dated . 
  which i guess makes sense , considering the edition itself is incredibly old and dated . 
  tl ; dr , most of what you 're talking is rubbish . 
  but you do have a few very good points here and there . 
   receive answers instead of being ridiculed, 
  ok , sorry it took me a little longer to get to it than i was expecting . 
  most of the problems i see with it are in grammar and wording . 
  * the more bells , the higher risk the characters * are of having * to fight their way back out again . 
  * you should try to use em dashes rather than hyphens . 
  `` come up with different actions not accounted for here -- and that 's great ! '', 
  versus `` come up with different actions not accounted for here - and that 's great '', 
  * watch your use of apostrophe . 
  you wrote `` dungeon master 's should decide ... '' , which should not have one , for example . 
  same with `` you have the opportunity to observe a stronghold , * it 's * layout '' . 
  * `` or draw the attention of the creatures of [ sic ] the point of interest '' . 
  should that have been `` off of '' ? 
  * `` when you take an action that * causes a stronghold gains a bell * '', 
  * the redux section 's last sentence does n't make sense . 
  should it be saying `` when the player characters fail a number of ability checks to be stealthy or take an action while remaining stealth equal to the level of how well guarded the area is , each failed ability check after that ... '' ? 
  but i do have a few questions and comments regarding the actual content :, 
  * why can you not use deception to claim you are supposed to be allowed to enter without using a disguise kit ? 
  it does n't really make sense to me , at least as it has been presented . 
  * why do you not gain a bell if you attempt to enter an area you are not supposed to openly , and are rebutted ? 
  it obviously should n't immediately alert them , but to me it makes sense that that would raise their suspicion . 
  * cause a distraction seems to imply the distraction * has * to be one that involves showing your face . 
  what about things like making a loud noise ( maybe setting a small explosive or something ) ? 
  that should n't immediately expose you . 
  in a case like that , it seems to me that it would make sense if * even on a success * , a bell is gained . 
  it 's a sort of `` yes , but '' type thing . 
  * yes * , you successfully distracted them and helped your team mates get in , * but * you raised their general alertness as a result . 
  perhaps it should be two separate types of actions , one that involves causing a distraction by exposing yourself , and one that involves causing something else to cause a distraction . 
  * i really , really do not like what you 've done for `` breaking and entering '' . 
  it feels like mechanics for mechanics ' sake . 
  if they try to unlock a door and fail , there is no reason at all that they should not be allowed to try again , just because they failed on the die roll by a certain amount . 
  i 'm on the fence regarding gaining a bell if you lose . 
  on the one hand , it helps provide the `` there should be consequence for failure '' aspect that should accompany any die roll ( if there is no consequence for failure , you should let them automatically succeed ) . 
  on the other hand , i have trouble justifying that in terms of flavour . 
  i feel like trying to unlock a door or chest should come with the risk of being discovered if you wait too long , based on where patrols are and how long they are likely to take to arrive . 
  it should be mostly unrelated to the bells system . 
  * i 'm not entirely sure why failing to investigate the place adequately results in the targets noticing . 
  i 'd have thought there would be separate rolls for whether you find useful information or whether you get noticed doing it . 
  possibly a charisma ( stealth ) roll or something like that . 
  on the whole though , i really , really like this system . 
  the whole dungeon master 's side of things is written up perfectly , and the general format of the system is great . 
  i think it would probably be inadvisable for anyone to try and run the system * exactly * as written , but taking it as some general guidelines would make for a fantastic and interesting way to run an infiltration mission . 
  i particularly liked case the joint . 
  the mechanic behind that really feels like it would make the ability worth using . 
   if you link to the dmg you wrote , i 'm sure we 'd all be happy to critique it for you . 
  oh come off of this bullshit . 
  implying that someone should have to do * x * in order to criticise the result of someone else 's * x * is a really common argument i see used to belittle people on the internet , but it 's * incredibly * pernicious . 
  someone does ** not ** have to be a filmmaker to be a film critic , or a game developer to review games . 
  and op here does not have to have made his own dmg to be able to compare other dmgs or to critique an existing dmg on its own . 
  i do n't agree with most of what op said , but i will defend to my last breath his right to have an opinion without being subjugated to ridicule purely on the grounds that he has not himself created an alternative dmg from scratch .
