  i do n't care if something has been posted for the first time or not . 
  i only care if it 's new and interesting to ** me ** . 
  i do n't understand why i should care otherwise . 
  ultimately , reddit is a community-driven site . 
  if enough people have seen something before that it is no longer interesting to the majority of people on reddit , then it will not make the front page , and you 'll have no reason to complain . 
  now , i actually really support the un in general , but :, 
   it has been the result of the un that mad did n't blow up in our face . 
  is a claim you simply can not make . 
  we know for certain that the un did not * cause * mad to blow up in our face , and we can posit that the un probably helped prevent nuclear war , but we can not claim definitively that without the un it would have happened . 
  we did n't live through a world in which the un did n't exist during the cold war , so we ca n't state with certainty how * exactly * the world would be different if it had n't existed . 
  to borrow from someone else 's comment in this thread :, 
   this does not necessarily follow . 
  even if we accept that there have been no world wars since the creation of the un , that does n't prove that the creation of the un caused the cessation of war . 
  any number of other factors may be in play -- for example , in an earlier response to your post , the op suggests ( rightly ) that mutual assured destruction might have contributed . 
   it 's a bit like the classic simpsons bit :, 
   homer : not a bear in sight . 
  the bear patrol must be working like a charm . 
  lisa : that 's specious reasoning , dad . 
  homer : thank you , dear . 
  lisa : by your logic i could claim that this rock keeps tigers away . 
  homer : oh , how does it work ? 
  lisa : it does n't work . 
  lisa : it 's just a stupid rock . 
  lisa : but i do n't see any tigers around , do you ? 
  homer : lisa , i want to buy your rock . 
  people complain about us-tsa style security , but i ca n't remember the last time i heard someone complain about the level of airport security elsewhere . 
  walking through a scanner and being required to have no sharp items or liquids with you are generally accepted ( and perfectly reasonable ) requirements to go on an aeroplane . 
  i would agree with those complaining about tsa security in the form of full body scanners , invasive searches , removing shoes and other items of clothing , etc. , because those are not reasonable requests in the interest of the safety of the plane . 
  but anyway , back to op 's argument , it seems to me he is taking an exact literal interpretation of the quote , which probably is n't a fair way to look at it . 
  he 's claiming that when it says `` he who gives up a little freedom '' , that when most people use that quote , it is used in the sense that * any * small amount of freedom should not be given up for * any * large amount of safety . 
  in that sense , i agree . 
  in society , we agree to give up certain freedoms for the common good . 
  most reasonable people agree to pay taxes ( giving up their freedom to do what they wish with their money ) for the good of society : the security of well-being that comes from a good healthcare or welfare system and the literal security that comes from a good police force . 
  because of this , a strict literal interpretation of the quote is incorrect . 
  but , as you say , i do n't think franklin intended the quote to be taken to that extent . 
  i think the important point is that the quote should not be taken at its word , and we should always weigh up the pros and cons of any proposed law to decide if whatever freedom would be limited is worth it or not . 
  unfortunately , many of the practices going on today are not worth it , in the eyes of most people , but that does not necessarily mean any limitation in freedom is an overall bad thing . 
  that 's funny , because i 've always considered the phillips head to be the `` normal '' type . 
  i called them that when i was really young , before my dad taught me the correct names . 
  i was on there before i became a redditor . 
  it 's absolutely toxic . 
  i just did n't enjoy the type of content that they upvoted , and the comment sections were even worse . 
  endless ( mis ) use of image macro memes , references to stuff i do n't care about ( like soccer -- it 's got a large number of latin american users ) , and jokes that just plain were n't funny . 
  for the comments , the thing that stands out the most is the endless bickering over what `` america '' means . 
  any time the word `` america '' got used in a post , you could absolutely guarantee some under-educated latin american would come in and complain that the word `` america '' refers to the single continent that takes up most of the western hemisphere , and is made up of north , central , and south america , none of which is a separate continent . 
  the reply would always be some equally under-educated westerner insisting that north and south america are two continents . 
  there would be the occasional person trying to bring reason and point out that both models of the continents are acceptable , since the term continent is vaguely defined . 
  on reddit , i can unsubscribe from subreddits like / r/adviceanimals , and those subreddits i stay subscribed to are ones that i generally like the type of content people upvote , and generally enjoy the comment sections . 
  / r/gaming , in particular , is well-known for having reposts of previous content . 
  generally , i find i enjoy the content , and most of the time the comments are interesting , too . 
  so i stay subscribed . 
  the important difference in my opinion is that here it 's easy to unsubscribe from subreddits that do n't have enough quality you like . 
  if reposts are a big problem and there are enough people who do n't like them , it would be easy to create a new subreddit and have strict rules about reposts . 
  but not enough people actually think reposts are a problem . 
  sure , many things do get reposted , but the majority of the time not many people saw them the first time around , or it was in a completely different subreddit and thus was shown to a completely different audience . 
  many of the karma decayers complain even when the so-called `` repost '' has n't been posted to the same subreddit before . 
  i would say that after a sufficient amount of time has passed , if a post did not get enough upvotes to make the front page of that subreddit , then reposting is fine . 
  do n't repost an hour later , or if it was extremely popular . 
  if it 's a different subreddit , anything goes . 
  the biggest difference is that on reddit it 's fairly easy to tell if it was * actually * because nobody heard it , or if it was unpopular . 
  if previous posts were downvoted heavily or received negative feedback in the comments , then it 's obvious nobody wanted them . 
  on the other hand , if the post is sitting at 8 upvotes , 2 downvotes , with no comments , then that 's pretty clearly because only a handful of people ever * saw * it when it was in the new queue . 
  all of this ignoring the possibility that someone finds something outside of reddit that has already been submitted on reddit , and simply does n't know about it . 
  again , it 's up to the voters to decide . 
  i knew what they were , but did n't know that that was what they 're called . 
  i 've always just called them omr sheets , since they 're sheets that get scanned using optical mark recognition . 
  where do you live that does n't use sheets like this ? 
  i used them in australia in primary school , as well as in a few schools in south-east asia , one of which was heavily influenced by the british education system and administered some british tests . 
  that said , i had n't heard them called this , or anything in particular . 
  i always called them omr sheets since they use omr technology . 
  why would n't they be ? 
  i 've had multiple choice papers in uni . 
  had a few of them in highschool , too . 
  they should never be the * only * form of assessment , but they can be a useful tool for testing basic knowledge and understanding . 
  this is the second time i 've seen the term `` blue books '' used in this thread . 
  is it some kind of special book that people use ? 
  and you never had multiple choice questions ? 
  not really . 
  it requires :, 
  * \u2265 12 people, 
  * \u2265 3 people behaving out-of-control, 
  * people nearby to think they might be in danger or people nearby be sufficiently disturbed by their behaviour ( i imagine this is aimed at excessive noise , people stripping , etc. ), 
  i would n't call that `` far broader '' at all . 
  it 's actually narrower than what he said in that it requires 3 or more people to be engaging in such behaviour , although the stuff about interference does broaden it somewhat . 
  you emphasise `` of any kind '' , i do n't see how that 's important . 
  if someone 's property ( including public property ) is in danger as a result of someone misbehaving , then people have a right to be worried and take action on their worries . 
  as for those last two points , i assumed that is what it was for because i can see no other way it * could * be interpreted . 
  if you have any other possibilities , feel free to share . 
  i agree that this legislation is bad . 
  it should n't be up to the organiser to control everyone at the party , and 3 years in gaol is just ridiculous . 
  but that does n't mean that the specific rules are bad . 
  if you kept part ( c ) and just applied fines to the persons committing the acts , then this would be perfectly reasonable legislation ( and probably not so different from what 's already in place ) . 
  you fill in the bubbles in pencil , and it gets scanned through a machine that can work out where things have been marked in ( that 's where the optical mark recognition comes in ) , and thus which answers were filled out . 
  it automatically works out a score . 
   my point is that some dickhead loosely associated with a party can a do a burn out and knock a wheelie bin over , and make someone they do n't even know liable for gaol, 
  oh , well we 're in agreement on that one . 
   i do n't understand what you 're asking . 
  when it says `` to reasonably believe a person would suffer substantial interference with their rights and freedoms or peaceful passage through , or enjoyment of , a public place '' , i assumed that was things like too much noise , because i ca n't think of any other actions to which this would apply . 
  i 'm asking if you can think of any . 
  might i suggest , by the way , that your comments are n't being taken well mainly because you started off by calling another user either a shill or stupid just for presenting an opposing viewpoint .
