  [ this article ] ( http://geography.about.com/od/learnabouttheearth/qt/qzcontinents.htm ) is a little better , but still hardly a scholarly article . 
   in europe and other parts of the world , many students are taught of six continents , where north and south america are combined to form a single continent of america . 
  thus , these six continents are africa , america , antarctica , asia , australia , and europe . 
  i am informed that in france , it is not taught that antarctica is a continent and thus there are five continents for french students . 
   many scientists now refer to six continents , where europe and asia are combined ( since they 're one solid geologic landmass ) as eurasia . 
  thus , these six continents are africa , antarctica , australia , eurasia , north america , and south america . 
   geographers divide the planet into regions , and generally not continents , for ease of study . 
  various geographers have various definitions of these world regions . 
  this official listing of countries by region divides the world into eight regions : asia , the middle east and north africa , europe , north america , central america and the caribbean , south america , africa , and australia and oceania . 
  personally i 'm a fan of the 6 continent eurasia model . 
  it makes sense to me that you would separate the americas because of the isthmus , and similarly with separating africa from eurasia , but it just does n't make any sense that europe and asia would be two separate continents . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/1/ ), 
  make sure to hover your mouse over each one to read the title-text , which is an extra joke on top of the actual comic . 
  yeah same . 
  the pilot was enough to hook me into a binge watch of all four seasons in 10 days , but going back , it 's one of the weaker episodes of the season . 
  was n't the pilot for the american version an almost word-for-word rehash of one of the episodes of the original ? 
  fun fact , it 's actually on the second beat . 
  you see , the first movement of moonlight sonata is in cut time , which means minums take the beat , not crotchets . 
  the are two beats to each bar , and six quaver triplets in each beat . 
  because of this , the tempo most people play the movement at is actually approximately half the tempo it 's supposed to be played at . 
  it 's marked adagio , which means slow , but that `` slow '' is counting in 2 , which means if you 're trying to count in 4 , it 's going to sound relatively quick . 
  imo when you listen to it played at that faster tempo , it takes on a whole new meaning , and becomes so much better and more emotive . 
  [ andras schiff ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arnrfubbnyc ) really is the best at it . 
  i ca n't actually listen to it right now , but from the comments it seems to be the correct version . 
  the comment by jim cullen does a good job of explaining it , and i would also recommend you check out the lecture he mentions [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw_dv_gnqao ) . 
  as an australian : we have the worst of both worlds . 
  shit public transportation ( at least in brisbane , although i 've heard bad things about sydney ) . 
  about au$ 1.60 per litre , which is about us$ 5.31 per gallon . 
  from what i 've heard , in the us $ 4 is generally pretty expensive , so while aus is n't as bad as the uk , it 's still significantly worse than the us . 
  and we have a landmass as large as the us , but with one of the world 's smallest population densities . 
  for what it 's worth , assuming 50 % of the population supports republicans , and 50 % supports democrats , and assuming the above stats are correct , that means 50 % of the * entire * population supports legalisation . 
  that 's ignoring the independents , who i would guess are probably somewhere around 5 % , and probably take more out of republican votes than democrats ( on account of the majority of them being libertarians ) . 
  check the other comments . 
  op actually did n't even know about xkcd , it seems , let alone that this was from it . 
  yes it is , but that was a reference to s01e25 , pascal 's triangle revisited , when troy says that line . 
  that 's true , and honestly our public transportation * could * and * should * be a lot better than it is . 
  it 's honestly embarrassing how bad it is , really . 
  part of it , i think , is that the government is in the pocket of motorists when it comes to roads and transport . 
  it 's the same reason bicycle infrastructure is n't so great . 
  just for a little more info , about 50 % of our population is in the greater areas of the 3 largest cities , brisbane , sydney , and melbourne . 
  one thing that does make it a little trickier , i guess , is that australian cities have massive sprawling suburbs . 
  i really did n't get that impression . 
  the closest thing i can see to that was `` why the hell do you ask for favourite colours ? 
  '' , but to me ( and to most people from australia or the uk ( or nz , i guess ) , which i suspect he is , on account of the use of ou in favourite ) , the word `` hell '' does n't carry a very strong negative connotation . 
  you ... just linked back to this post again . 
  that 's a big problem with the internet in general . 
  text based communication is really poor at conveying tone , and different interpretations of tone can change the way one perceives a message completely . 
  i find it 's best to usually * assume * the tone was meant in a positive/light/non-negative way if that is at all possible . 
  it helps avoid unnecessary confrontations . 
  anyone who knew the original ? 
  who 's freddie chang ? 
  yeah i thought that might be what he meant , but i did n't want to suggest it in case it was wrong . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  the office was an absolutely genius show , but i just could never get into the american version . 
  no , `` stock '' keyboard refers to the keyboard in android itself , without any of the junk manufacturers like samsung put on there . 
  ( it also differentiates from third party add ons that the user explicitly chose to download , but we were already on the same page with that one . ), 
  it 's what you get if you buy a nexus device . 
  i 'm curious , does it work with the swype-like typing that 's now included in the stock keyboard ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  to be fair , unless you put a massive and unnatural pause after `` mount '' or unnaturally emphasise the d in `` and '' , the two are going to sound the same . 
  heck , even when i 've tried the latter of those options , people still mishear it . 
  i do it in the case you described , and when there 's a legitimate potential for confusion due to both the intended and the written phrase making sense . 
  also when the typo causes something amusing . 
   5 percent of americans used their smartphones to show codes for movie admission or to show an airline boarding pass, 
  i ca n't speak for americans , but i do n't do that because i would n't trust that the airlines i 'm going on would accept that . 
  i 'd love to be able to check in in my phone and have them scan it at the gate , but i 'm not going to do stuff like that until it 's completely hassle free and i know it 'll be possible on most airlines , so i do n't spend ages trying to figure out how to do it , only to find out it is n't possible . 
  side note : ces no longer stands for consumer electronics show . 
  i would be fine with normal people calling it that , but a reputable newspaper like the washington post should know better . 
   [ note to editors : the official name of the global technology event is `` international ces . '' subsequent references to the show can be shortened to `` 2013 ces '' or `` ces . '' please do not use `` consumer electronics show '' to refer to the international ces . 
  ] ( http://www.cesweb.org/news/ces-press-releases/ces-press-release.aspx?nodeid=f6a52fe4-1e93-4108-a2de-6dfe11ede40a ), 
  what 's everybody 's favourite recording by him ? 
  edit : i 'm gon na add in [ the third movement of mahler 's 1st symphony ] ( http://youtu.be/vmozblr_9pk?t=24m39s ) ( i absolutely love the smile he gave to the timpanist before he starts ) , and [ the complete mahler 5th ] ( http://youtu.be/vovxhylduko?t=37s ) . 
  i do both . 
  but to be honest , i also do that with movies . 
  having two computers , i 'll often be playing a game or browsing the web on one , and watch a movie or tv show on the other . 
  but , sometimes , whatever the medium , i like to concentrate on the one thing . 
  if that thing is music , i 'll usually put headphones on , but i might also decide to blast it out of my speakers , depending on my mood . 
  sometimes i just sit back and listen ( and watch if it 's a youtube video of the performance ) and sometimes i like to actively follow the score . 
  i know it 's been out for a while now , but you might want to give a spoiler warning on that one , just in case . 
   the show would be better if we saw the human side of sherlock in subtle ways every now and then, 
  have you watched the wedding episode yet ? 
  they did such a great job of that , i thought . 
  [ minor s03e02 spoilers ] ( #s `` he mentioned how he has always loved to dance , and at the end of the episode when he looked over towards the bridesmaid as though he wanted to dance with her , but she was busy with someone else . 
  he just seemed so defeated . '' ), 
  and that just sounds like you 're making fun of chevy chase . 
  seeing it spelled dolfin makes me wan na correct it to dolven ( like elfin -  elven ) . 
  in case you 're serious , honky is a term used to refer to white people . 
  he knows . 
  he was deliberately being sarcastic to point out that , while the uk and the us may have the top universities in the world , not everyone has access to those . 
  one could infer from his post that he was trying to imply ( whether or not it 's true i do n't know ) that the * average * person is more likely to get a better education elsewhere -- such as germany . 
  indeed it has . 
  i 'd call that `` a while '' , would n't you ? 
  huh ? 
  but the education argument is the * only * argument . 
  edit : anyway , it is n't social-darwinist-y , because i 'm not saying we should take any action on it . 
  i 'm not saying we should kill anyone , or even give preferential treatment to anyone . 
  the * only * thing i said was that there is scientific evidence that smarter people have a tendency to not be religious , which is a fact . 
  anything else is you reading into it . 
  can i just interject to say that you should be very particular with capitalisation when it comes to these things .
