  * blackflame * does 3d6 damage within a 10-foot radius as a 1st-level spell . 
  there are no similar spells to draw a direct comparison to , but to me this feels like a spell that one would nearly * automatically * choose over all the existing damaging spells at that level , and that is a good sign that it may be too good . 
  but it seems to me that the vast majority of the spells are fairly well balanced , which is a pretty good thing . 
  #### creatures, 
  of the creatures that are in this handbook , i did not see any glaring balance issues . 
  however , i thought it very interesting to see where the creatures sat on the spectrum . 
  a lot of lower and mid challenge rating creatures , and a surprising amount of godly tier creatures . 
  but this handbook has a severe lack of creatures with a high cr ; between cr 10 and cr 19 , there is only a single creature , the cruorhulk at cr 12 . 
  personally , i would probably say that being large , using the rules you laid out in bullets , would amount to roughly +3 on the homebrew race guide . 
  but as you said below , there 's a little more to it . 
  small creatures have their restrictions regarding weapon use , and it seems logical that a large race should similarly gain more freedom with weapon use . 
  maybe using versatile weapons with the higher damage die even in one hand ? 
  i 'd probably say that takes it up by +1.0 , * maybe * +0.5 if you 're feeling generous . 
  using normal weapons as though they were light ( for dual wielding purposes ) ? 
  i 'd rank that +1.0 as well . 
  with that sort of number , to make a balanced large race with all those large features would essentially mean you 've got no room to add unique race features on . 
  ok , we 've had a few people report this post now , so i 'll clarify . 
  as long as it is pay what you want , and paying 0 is an option , we allow dungeon master 's guild material . 
  yes , it 's a terrible site , and yes , it 's really annoying that you have to make an account to use it , but it is free and from wizards of the coast , so we allow it . 
  we do n't * recommend * it by any stretch , but it 's not banned . 
  seriously . 
  the us government was able to get their hands on kick ass torrents . 
  something like this should be a * much * higher priority for them than that was . 
   logical , simple , and balanced are in serious tension here . 
  yeah , that 's the real problem with it , and i 'm not sure the tension can really be resolved properly , unfortunately . 
  regarding the second point , i agree that cuddle 's first comment came across as victim blaming , but the second one -- the one that your comment is replying to -- quite explicitly did not . 
  fair point , but that 's not what they were doing in the second comment . 
  they made it quite clear that all they were saying is that there is a risk associated with it , and by just not taking the photos in the first place , that risk goes way down . 
  it 's like advising people to watch what they drink and make sure they 're with trusted friends when they do so , in order to decrease the chances of sexual assault . 
  or telling people to lock their doors when they 're not home , to decrease the chances of being robbed . 
  giving such advice is not victim blaming , it 's just that : giving sound advice . 
  that 's certainly an interesting idea . 
   obviously the fault lies on him, 
  this is the part that 's wrong , and * only * this part . 
  saying `` he would have been safer had he used uber '' would be reasonable advice . 
  going from that into assuming it 's his * fault * that he was attacked because he * did n't * user uber is where it becomes victim blaming . 
  kickass is more recent , and a much closer analogue , since this is apparently a similarly publicly available website . 
  hear , hear . 
  basically , they 'll ban you just for trying to have a conversation about the nature of the subreddit . 
  it 's not actually against their rules to write with the letter e ( only to embolden it -- i certainly made sure to check the sidebar first ) , but apparently their mods do n't care about that . 
  any critical conversation is shut down . 
  nobody is doing that . 
  you need to work on your reading comprehension . 
  there was * one * comment that seemed to be victim blaming ( which is n't even the same thing as defending the sickos involved in sharing the photos ) , and it was heavily downvoted , and its author posted a clarification further down the thread . 
  op posted the title of the article , as is required by the subreddit rules . 
  not that the gender actually matters . 
  it would be sick no matter who was doing it , or whom they were doing it to . 
  i would tend to agree . 
  but also , i really , ** really ** despise sacrificing logic . 
  it 's for that reason that , personally , i would just tend to say `` no large races '' . 
   did you change his alignment ? 
  eh , one act is n't enough basis to signify a change of alignment . 
  we do n't know * nearly * enough about the character to make that call . 
  they could be a perfectly lawful good person who got kicked by a horse when they were young , so they really do n't like horses and have no problem with sacrificing one to save the party . 
  or any number of other reasons the character can justify this one act while still , over all , being lawful good . 
  point is , without knowing way , * way * more than we do , any call based on alignment is hasty . 
   and how does his patron deity find this kind of callousness ? 
  definitely agreed . 
  whatever reasons the character had for doing it , their god is going to have its own thoughts on the matter , and it probably is n't going to be very happy . 
   besides , horses are expensive , and wolves are n't that hard to beat . 
  the cleric lost some resources there for no reason . 
  also true . 
  that 's ... not even close to how * anything * works . 
  i 've written many scripts in matlab that have variables with names like `` theta '' and `` gamma '' . 
  i have to say , she really does look convincingly like an older version of the same person . 
  most people tend to prefer using google drive for hosting self-created pdfs . 
  dropbox is used too , but it can be really slow to load . 
  [ the homebrewery ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/ ) is another popular option as a way to both create stuff * and * share stuff created from it . 
  many people also are fine with just sharing self posts here on reddit . 
  that 's not every appearance of supergirl animated , it 's just every appearance in the dcau . 
  she 's also in dc universe animated original movies superman/batman : apocalypse and superman : unbound . 
  it actually probably ca n't view what you search for on google , unless they 've installed their own root certificate specifically for that purpose . 
  google ( and most other major sites ) uses tls/ssl everywhere , so * every * communication is encrypted and unreadable . 
  they can see that you sent a request to the google.com domain , but they ca n't see what that was . 
   i suppose i might be missing the point . 
  perhaps we 're talking about including the dramatic thing that we see in movies , rather than attempting to more closely simulate `` historical fighting '' . 
  that 's exactly how i interpreted it . 
  it 's just meant to be cool and dramatic , not necessarily realistic . 
  but to try and rationalise it , this does n't necessarily have to be the massive dramatic back and forth clashes of cinema . 
  it could be as simple as a quick parry that binds the opponent 's weapon and turns it aside . 
  this really sounds like something that should be a barbarian subclass . 
  homebrew should * always * aim to be as small as is feasible , because it makes balancing easier . 
  the step up from a subclass to a full class is an * enormous * one , and should not be undertaken lightly . 
  plus , it 's quite literally in the name of this particular subclass . 
  what is your reason for insisting on it being a full class ? 
  reddit requires a blank line be placed between paragraphs before it will display them as separate paragraphs . 
  at the moment , it displays as a single massive block of text . 
  also whatever you do * do not * indent text . 
  that will make it into a really long line like this one right here . 
  it just keeps going on and on and on and is generally unreadable . 
  op actually did write in paragraphs ( you can check by clicking the `` source '' button below the post ) , but unfortunately only hit enter once , when reddit 's markup requires you hit it twice to work . 
  yeah , looks clear enough . 
  personally i would prefer the `` x successes of dc y '' method , but this is at least understandable . 
  hey sorry , but i 'm not really sure what it is you 're asking for here . 
  just want the name for a thing ? 
  this is n't really the subreddit for that -- it 's for homebrew material , things like classes , races , monsters , etc. 
  a question like this would probably be better on / r/dndnext . 
  the next is in tokyo , and they have n't announced 2024 yet , let alone 2028 ... 
  samsung does n't care about software bloat . 
  if they did , they would be using vanilla android themselves ...
