  * university student sports * gets priority on a major television network over their locally-produced high-budget scripted content ? 
  what the fuck , america ? 
  i 'm left handed , but wrote it out with my write hand for ... fairly obvious reasons . 
  so it took me a * lot * longer than it would have with my left hand . 
  the two page hand-written backstory probably took about half an hour or so . 
  in addition , there was a page of more meta information about appearance and personality ( including bonds , flaws , etc. 
  ) , and half a page about my warlock patron . 
  those probably took another 15 minutes or so total -- a bit quicker than the backstory since it 's easier with a ballpoint pen than the quill and ink . 
  the sealing kit i mentioned was one like [ this one ] ( http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/new-vintage-custom-initial-alphabet-stamp-seal-sealing-wax-letters-invitation-/130844025042?var=&amp;hash=item1e76e960d2:m:mnfs9lvfg_ktdrqmwly1fdg ) , though with different patterns in the seal stamp . 
  the process of actually applying the seal look maybe 10 minutes , but that included getting the envelope right ( took a few attempts ) , cutting bits of wax off ( i preferred to cut bits off and place them in the spoon , rather than burning directly from the wax stick -- but the stuff is surprisingly hard to cut !, 
  ) , and then actually heating it and applying the seal . 
  i * think * that i followed [ this tutorial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4n4h9ibyqc ) for how to make the envelope , and there are others on [ his channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/edwardmbowen/videos ) for how to make the paper look like that ( there are a few different techniques for slightly different looks and feels of the paper ) . 
  my * suggestion * would be to make the vellum * before * writing on it , for a more authentic look , and to prevent the risk of the text running as the coffee/tea/vinegar is applied . 
  unfortunately , the only pictures i have are [ of the text just on the paper ] ( http://imgur.com/a/uugyx ) , so no images of the seal itself , but hopefully those above videos would be helpful . 
  best of luck !, 
   20 hours does n't seem like much considering extra takes , etc. . 
  when i read the above comment , i had assumed that it meant 20 hours of `` unique '' footage . 
  honestly i 've avoided the invocations that allow you to cast a spell using a spell slot . 
  slots are so limited already it just does n't feel worth it to me . 
  true , but that 's still only from 2 to 3 spell slots for a single short rest , once per day . 
  not a * huge * increase , and slots are still very limited . 
  wow , that was * incredible * . 
  absolutely astonishing story . 
  thank you * so much * for sharing . 
  you should really consider cross-posting it to / r/dndgreentext . 
  despite the name , prose like this is more than welcome over there . 
  though the parentheticals about game mechanics or `` whatever bad guys you like '' might be best removed for the sake of the story . 
  at least according to a comment elsewhere in the thread , it was n't his intention . 
  in fact , he vehemently denied that being his intention when praised for exactly that . 
  but whatever . 
  well , unfortunately the secret came out very early on . 
  i tried to pretend i was a wizard , but only warlocks get eldritch blast , and one of the players realised that very quickly . 
  but still , the backstory went over very well with the group . 
  haha thanks for the compliment , but quite honestly i 've gone to far less work than you seem to have . 
  this post is quite an inspiration !, 
   i 'm beside myself, 
  honestly , i really like that line . 
  3po has always been a rather clumsy comical character . 
  remember when he got blown apart in episode v ? 
  this one was just a tiny bit of comic relief , and completely harmless . 
   the politics really irritated me because it 's almost brilliant and fascinating but it does n't work, 
  oh , please do n't mistake me . 
  i fully agree with you that it did n't land . 
  but nearly * none * of the prequels landed . 
  it 's just a great premise imo that only failed because of poor execution . 
  your last comment left me with the impression that you thought it was a poor premise . 
   if jar jar is too stupid to grasp that very basic fundamental concept of politics ... then is n't that also on padme for not maybe picking someone else ? 
  hmm ... you know what , that 's a pretty good point . 
  that had actually never occurred to me . 
  i 'll have to rethink my opinion on this aspect . 
  but at its most basic , i think the idea was that padme * did * trust jar jar , and that he was manipulated by palpatine into thinking that that 's what padme would have wanted . 
  but , like the rest of the trilogy , this was poorly executed . 
  they first film , and earlier in the first film , should have done a better job of demonstrating why jar jar was a character that padme had enough trust in , while still showing him to be somewhat gullible and very eager to please . 
  and more than just one brief scene for palpatine to convince jar jar , to make the fact that he went directly against what padme really wanted more believable . 
   as an aside this is something else that bugs me about padme and anakin 's romance . 
  oh god yes , so much yes . 
  i mean , she * does * express her disagreement with him , but it just feels difficult to believe that she mostly just gives him a pass on it for no particular reason . 
   how cool is the jedi fighter spaceship with the detachable ring ? 
  haha yeah , those are awesome . 
  it 's actually something that bothers me in the original trilogy : luke 's use of the x-wing as a long-range transport when he goes from hoth to dagobah . 
  such a ship should n't be able to go such enormous distances at warp speed under its own power , and i like that little touch in the prequels . 
  but yeah , there 's a * lot * of great worldbuilding to be found . 
   have you watched it recently ? 
  he goes on quipping like that for nearly ten bloody minutes . 
  it gets painful . 
  i have , actually . 
  twice . 
  once in early-to-mid november , and then again two days or so before going to see episode vii . 
  but i 'll admit , my full attention was not on the film on either occasion , and that makes * any * overly repetitive comedy seem better . 
   so he tries to get by on minimal jar jar and it ends up being nonsensical, 
  haha yeah , that 's a pretty good point . 
  if only he had been better written in episode i , lucas would n't have been in such a painful bind later on . 
  he was obviously meant to be light comic relief , but instead he was just extremely irritating and awful , and it 's just a pain to watch . 
  he 's probably the biggest problem with the film imo , and i 'm not entirely sure he * could * have been saved . 
  he is , in my opinion , the closest bit to being utterly unfixable , just because his character * by necessity * needs to have some irritating components . 
  if he were saved though , and came across as incompetent but well-meaning , and * did n't * alienate audiences so much , it would have served the first film ... well , not much at all , but it would have set things up for the second so much better . 
  same same , but different . 
  personally , i mostly save mine up for big single-burst attacks , or flavourful out-of-combat effects . 
  a fireball when there 's a large number of enemies bunched up , a misty step away from potentially dangerous situations , things like that . 
  but were i going for a more mechanically optimised solution , hex is where i 'd probably spend most of them . 
  though interestingly , with 3rd level spell slots , hex lasts 8 hours -- and it can be transferred from enemy to enemy as long as you maintain concentration . 
  at 5th level slots , it lasts 24 hours , which means you could cast it only once per * day * and keep it up , so long as you do n't take damage . 
  his brother should have been signed in if he did n't want to run the risk of losing them . 
  data does n't exist unless it exists in at least two places . 
  he could have manually backed up and that would have counted too , but just signing in and using the sync as a backup is zero effort . 
  it 's really his own fault . 
   i just need a keyboard with blacked-out keys to completely make it normie-proof . 
  you use dvorak ? 
  the vast majority of lectures are recorded and placed online . 
  very rarely you might have a lecturer who decides they do n't want to record , but after three years i 've only ever had a single course that did that . 
  i got my wave echo cave printed on a2 paper using the same image . 
  just took it to an officeworks and it cost me like $ 12.50 to get it done . 
  it was like 5 mm to 5 ft. in game , which is insanely fiddly , but it was still really easy . 
  going any bigger was more expensive than i was willing to pay . 
  a1 would have been over $ 20 , and op 's looks to be , like , a-1 or something . 
  i 'm sure there 's probably a similar type of store near you that could get it done . 
  charisma save , dc 15 [ [ 1d20 +2 ] ], 
  + / u/rollme, 
  i guess i 'll be the only one to say no . 
  a player 's character is the * only * thing that they control .
