  on windows ? 
  your best bet is a programme like snagit . 
  which is exactly why we think it could be something 9gag would do . 
  `` fragment , consider revising '' is itself a sentence fragment , which should be revised . 
  the link thing still is n't fixed , and i feel that the question is still too broad for someone that 's not particularly skilled at describing their emotions to answer . 
  maybe a set of radio buttons ? 
  i can see how that might oversimplify your study , but it may help more people to take it . 
  major, 
  good luck, 
  hahaha no worries . 
  we all make typos occasionally . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted for it ... ( if that 's what it 's for ), 
  i do n't like browser-based chat . 
  having a separate programme allows you to put it in the system tray when you 're not using it . 
  if it had to stay in the browser , remove the beeping noise when facebook is the front tab and window ( or give the option to do that ) , allow easy access to chat history , preferably with the ability to export it , and a few better contact organisation bits and pieces . 
  edit : by the way , i love the fact that you called me out on that . 
  good job . 
  i 'll have to try that out , then !, 
  you ever been on a plane ? 
  not unlikely at all . 
  what i was talking about is how damn freezing cold they can often be , which means covering yourself in blanket to keep warm is not all * that * unlikely . 
  i do n't normally like serialist music all that much , but this was quite pleasant . 
  title and description say it is schoenberg . 
  in other news , we 've just reached the second page of submissions !, 
  mock him for using minute words . 
  touch\u00e9 good sir . 
  yeah , whoops : /, 
  i 'm not so good with names ... 
  yes , it is , sorry hehe . 
  i thought it would be nice if they could be together in death . 
  oh god , i already feel so bad , i do n't know if i could : /, 
  please tell me you have a source for that !, 
  i wan na read more into it . 
  the dismal science . 
  do n't crtiticise pascal 's wager , it 's flawless . 
  everyone knows his religion is the only one that could be correct if there is a correct one , anyway . 
  i 'm sure you already know this , but for anyone else that comes across this , umdiewelt is actually the founder of elitist classical . 
  ( p.s. , despite the name , / r/elitistclassical is actually really cool , and not so much elitist as just good , but not very well known , classical music . ), 
  peter and the magic flute !, 
  as a clarinetist , i would have to respectfully disagree about it not being true in this case ( sorry , but this just is n't my cup of tea ) . 
  ( edit : actually , the second half of it or so is beautiful , really serene . 
  i agree , not true in this case . 
  i did find it hilarious when eddie izzard said '' [ 5 people can play the clarinet in the world , and they make quite a beautiful wooden noise ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe6zxhq6irg ) '' . 
  his whole show 's great , actually , but particularly this excerpt on musical instruments . 
  i ca n't speak for funnyjunk , but i know this is definitely true for 9gag . 
  i do n't think it 's so true about reddit , though . 
  the fact that you mentioned that , and that so much of the time reddit acknowledges that many of its memes originated on 4chan show that . 
  on 9gag the only other websites you 'll see mentioned are facebook and youtube , with the occasional reference to xkcd , smbc , or whatever other comic website they 've taken the comic from . 
  it really does seem to believe it 's the only `` funny '' sharing site . 
  if you change it a little :, 
  it 's not everything that sucks , it 's everything bad that sucks . 
  exactly , they 're not an exception , 
  hahaha , not quite . 
  it refers to the people doing the listening . 
  only the most `` elite '' classical music fans would listen to the stuff posted there . 
  of course , right in the sidebar it mentions that elitist is really no more than a name . 
  after my frost died fighting alduin at the throat of the world , i got shadowmere , who i eventually lost somewhere , exactly the same as you . 
  wait , really ? 
  where !, 
  this would seem to imply that the imperials are the more humane of the two sides . 
  if they win , stormcloak jarls get to stay in the main hall of windhelm , with massive feasts . 
  the stormcloaks put their former enemies into a tiny basement . 
  bad idea , mate . 
  the queensland curriculum is amazing . 
  ap is , to be honest , fairly mediocre , from what i 've seen and heard . 
  it does have a curriculum . 
  i do n't know all the details , but i know my friends who graduated last year ( from public/state schools ) did a course where they had to take 6 subjects , english , maths , and a science were mandatory , subjects graded on a 7-point scale , and only the 5 best grades actually count ( allowing you to choose one subject to take `` just for fun '' , if you like ) . 
  that set up is , in my opinion , the second best set up for a high school course there is , behind the international baccalaureate . 
  and allow for left-handed play . 
  surely it could n't be that hard to just flip the objects ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkqgtiqhpbw ), 
  yeah , take up running , then you can be a triathlete !, 
  imo the ultimate in sports !, 
  my best sports are individual ones , particularly running , but i also like team sports such as soccer and basketball . 
  in soccer my preferred position is goalie , partly because there is n't too much team coordination involved in that sport . 
  i 've always enjoyed basketball , but not been very good at it because i ca n't be forceful enough . 
  how come ? 
  a quick google tells me xcf is gimp 's native file format , and then another tells me that gimp can open psd files . 
  i ca n't speak for others , but i do n't see any vignette . 
  ( p.s. , i also do n't see why they would downvote you in this case without explaining their reasoning , unless there 's something else i 'm missing ), 
  there 's an explanation for that further up . 
  person who took the screenshots gave them to op to post . 
  said person had already posted some of them to specific subreddits . 
  that certainly is very odd , but i do n't think it 's a normal thing from facebook . 
  i do n't have it on mine , and i 've been going through a few friends and ca n't find any with anything remotely resembling a vignette . 
  are your friends also getting this on theirs ? 
  i just hope this is n't because you 're part of an early group that 's getting a new `` feature '' . 
  that 's the only explanation i can think of , although i doubt that 's it ... 
  i appreciate trying to put it into terms us geeks can understand easily , but does n't that imply that they can multi-task to some extent ? 
  four different answers for different parts of europe , but no option for australia & nz ? 
  also i could n't complete because i do n't know my parents ' weight and height , but i 'll try and find out . 
  this looks like a really fun survey !, 
  oh , ok . how hard would it be for them to design the engine with that in mind , then ? 
  from what i 've seen the new game will have a new engine , so they could design it from scratch with that in mind . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i read it after reading lotr , and even after having seen the movies . 
  to be honest , i do n't think it matters which order you read it in . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed it the way i did it . 
  i think there are probably links and callbacks that will pique your interest whichever way you do it . 
  if you 've already seen the movies , i would probably recommend reading lotr first , so that you have a thorough understanding of it , rather than being biased by your memories of the movies .
