  my group had someone who took lucky on top of being a divination wizard ( with the portents it grants ) . 
  luckily ( pun intended ) he was n't also a halfling . 
  i 'm fairly sure the vote fuzzing only really starts after a while . 
  posts that have been ignored thus far do n't tend to gain or lose votes thanks to vote fuzzing . 
   his famous silent piece was the penultimate expression of that, 
  then , umm ... what 's the * ultimate * expression of that ? 
   that two feat by lvl 4 though , so only variant human would do this, 
  yes , that is the assumption everyone here is working on . 
  got ta be honest , i completely disagree with you . 
  my friends and i play rts games fairly regularly , mostly aom and aoe 2 & 3 , and fairly recently we decided to try out warcraft iii . 
  it was my first time with the game ( though most of the others already had experience ) , and i really enjoyed it . 
  not as much as i enjoy aom , but it was still a fine game . 
  better than aoe 2 , in my opinion . 
  awesome , it 's working again !, 
  thanks !, 
  age of mythology . 
  it 's a spinoff from the age of empires series , and in my opinion by far the pinnacle of rts gaming ( and certainly the pinnacle of the age of empires franchise ) . 
  well , greek and egyptian and norse ( and more recently , chinese ) . 
  a typical warlock contract will involve the forfeit ( the penalty of the warlock does n't live up to their side of the pact -- and * not * the price that has actually been agreed to ) being the warlock 's soul . 
  a deity is going to have a much easier time than a mortal at preventing the pact maker from claiming that soul . 
  sure , you might have broken your pact , but what 's he gon na do about it ? 
  it 's like if you were in a society without police or law enforcement . 
  i go and rob you . 
  sure , it 's against the law and maybe i 'm supposed to get a year 's gaol time , but what are you going to do about it if i 'm stronger than you ? 
  wait , craigslist is a thing in australia ? 
  if the picture 's to be trusted , it comes with a pretty serious lens too , and those do n't age * nearly * as quickly as bodies . 
  i do n't know the specific lens in question ( ca n't see an aperture marking or its maximum length ) , but some quick googling makes me think it * might * be a 70 -- 200 , either f/4 or f/2 .8 . 
  in the former case , a new one would go for about $ 700 at the * lowest * , potentially well over $ 1,000 . 
  in the latter , this could be a good deal * just * for the lens , with a new one going for ( again , from a * very * quick google search ) as much as $ 2,800 , though also potentially as little as $ 1,500 . 
  not that i 'd be buying it anyway . 
  the whole site screams `` scam '' to me , even though i 'm sure there are plenty of legit deals to be had . 
  plus , damn canon lenses zoom the wrong way anyway . 
  well , to continue the analogy , when i say i 'm stronger than you , i mean both physically * and * financially/politically . 
  ( which is , of course , exactly why the anarcho-capitalist / extreme libertarian ideology you 've sort of accidentally brought up here is so laughable . ), 
  aoe 1 and 2 have aged * very * poorly , i 'll grant you . 
  but aom and aoe 3 are every bit as fun today as they were when they came out . 
  i 've always hated starcraft . 
  just not a fun game imo . 
  my experience with c&c is very limited , but i did n't really enjoy it that much . 
  it just never grabbed me . 
  arrow made more than 2 seasons ? 
   i know i promised you my soul at the end of all this, 
  just to be clear , it would be exceedingly rare for a warlock to enter a * pact certain * , a pact where they give up their soul no matter what . 
  in a world where you soul is a very real thing , you 're going to care way more about it than anyone in real life -- you 'd be far more reluctant to give it up , even for great power . 
  instead , you 'd make a deal to do something else for your patron . 
  maybe it 's a blank cheque `` i 'll do a thing for you once per year '' , or maybe you 're a bit more careful and say something like `` i 'll do two tasks for you as long as they do n't involve killing innocents or harming my friends in any way '' . 
  and then the * forfeit * is your soul . 
  so , unless you * do * end up with godly powers , you 'd better live up to your side of the bargain , or else you 've lost your eternal soul . 
  this sounds interesting . 
  it sounds like the exact * opposite * of the behaviour that i 've got , and which has been the default behaviour of chrome for a long time , where a page will scroll * up * above the top of the page content slightly before pulling back down to the natural resting point . 
  it 's an os x feature , as far as i 'm aware , or at least is a good design that many programmes implement to improve the user experience when using a touchpad, 
  could you provide a video of what yours is doing ? 
  because if it 's doing exactly the opposite , that 's very strange . 
  because 1 is 1 . 
  it 's the `` default '' , so to speak : mathematically , it 's the `` identity '' . 
  but the smallest variation above or below that can add up substantially over enough time . 
  hey sorry , but i have removed your submission because it does n't pass post requirements number 1 ( see side bar ) . 
  as a general rule , any content submitted here need to be `` ready-to-play '' . 
  if you 're looking for advice on homebrew stuff , try the latest [ arcana forge megathread ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 4knu88/the _ arcana_forge / ) . 
  alternatively , if what you 're looking for is purely flavour-based suggestions on how to deal with the situation ( which in your case it seems you really should be ) , try asking at / r/dndnext . 
  not a mechanical thing , but from a flavour standpoint , at least in the forgotten realms , dragonborn are * awesome * . 
  i 'd highly suggest the book `` ashes of the tyrant '' by erin m. evans , book 5 of the `` brimstone angels '' series . 
  the series as a whole has some great little details about dragonborn sprinkled through it , but that book in particular heavily focusses on vayemniri ( as the dragonborn of abeir-toril refer to themselves ) culture and society . 
  yeah so did i. 
  i say go ahead with it !, 
  my group and i are currently in the process of building a new world ( we were previously playing in fr , but ... the world got destroyed ) , and we 're doing it collaboratively using a wiki . 
  i 've found a wiki to be a fantastic format to do this sort of thing , even if you 're doing it all by yourself , since the logical structure of information just lends itself so well to worldbuilding , especially if , like me , you go back and forth on the names of things , since you can use `` templates '' like variables to change the name everywhere it gets used . 
  it has the added bonus that if you 're planning on sharing things with others , it 's super , super easy to do . 
  but anyway , yeah , i 'm interested in seeing anything you could come up with , if only to provide inspiration for my own world . 
  hmm ... 
  i 've got my eyes on you ... 
  ( kidding !, 
  mostly . ), 
  what 's the reference here ? 
  edit : hahahaha , gods dammit people . 
  i was being serious . 
  the accidental pun is great , but i really do n't understand what `` strings are terminated with dollar signs '' has to do with anything . 
  not sure what the question is . 
  dammit is an alternate spelling of `` damn it '' , gods is the plural of god . 
  it 's just a slightly different way of saying `` god damn it '' . 
  what else would it be ? 
  i need distracting from university assignments . 
  [ try out the abc 's vote compass ] ( https://votecompass.abc.net.au ) . 
  it 'll ask you a bunch of questions about political policies , and then a few about your general feelings towards the parties and their leaders , and then a few demographics questions . 
  then it will show you a graph placing you and the three major parties on a spectrum , and will also let you look at the policies on a case-by-case basis and see how you compared to each of them ( this is important , because personally it put me half way between labor and the greens , but that was based largely on my answers to a few questions that i do n't care strongly about , or which i gave an answer to based on something very particular to the wording of the question , rather than the overall issue the question was meant to cover ) . 
  in addition to the vote compass i linked in my other comment , i 'll ask your opinion on a few issues . 
  * what do you think regarding the nbn ? 
  is the lnp 's fttn good enough , or should we have stuck with the fttp of labor ? 
  * do you believe in climate change ? 
  do you believe that some sort of pricing scheme should be enacted to work against it ? 
  * do you think the status quo regarding asylum seekers is acceptable ? 
  should we be doing more to prevent people trying to seek asylum in australia , or should we be doing more to help those that do ? 
  * do you think the government running a budget deficit is a bad thing , and should the government do whatever it can to get to surplus and reduce debt ? 
  there are obviously a lot more issues that one could address , but these , i feel , cover the broad spectrum of areas of interest , and your answers to them should help us point you in the right direction . 
  why would you want to ? 
  ctrl-n is open new window . 
  shift modifies it to be an incognito one . 
  simple , logical , easy . 
  i 'm using an actual wiki . 
  it 's particularly easy for me since i already have a domain name and a computer at home that i use as a server , so i just threw some wiki software on that in a subdomain .
