  it is extremely annoying how many times i have had to explain how cubes and spheres are actually completely different things in 5e , because intuitively , players think that the cube also is centred on them/the target , just like the sphere is . 
  yup . 
  unfortunately , only 4 actual dinosaurs in the mm , and a total of 6 creatures under the `` dinosaur '' section . 
  would have been nice at least to have seen a few sauropods , a raptor , and maybe a couple more marine reptiles and pterosaurs . 
  oh , and stegosaurus is an obvious favourite that 's missing . 
  i musta missed that . 
  even so , when answers are likely to come from two discrete sets , it should probably be two questions . 
  yeah , it 's kinda disappointing , really . 
  scimitars and shortswords are alike in all but damage type ( and , i guess , cost and weight ) , tridents are a worse version of spear ( being more expensive , heavier , and martial weapons , but having the same damage type and magnitude , and the same attributes ) and a war pick is a reflavoured morningstar , which in turn is only a damage type different from the flail . 
  but the worst offender is the glaive and halberd . 
  both cost 20 gold , do 1d10 slashing , weigh 6 lb. , and have the heavy , reach , and two-handed properties . 
  they are literally identical in every way . 
  anklyosaurus is actually one of the ones we 've already got !, 
  holy shit , 34 degrees at 6:30 in the morning i * like * the heat , but that hot when the sun has * just * come up ? 
  where on earth * are * you, 
  i do n't think i could get out of bed if it were that cold , let alone go running ... 
  i 've got ta be honest , i stopped playing after revelations . 
  i was super excited for 3 , but i heard commentary about it , and how they had treated the modern storyline , and decided that was where i should bail . 
  it 's such a shame that ubisoft has turned ac into a historical-fantasy version of call of duty with daggers , with the yearly releases of huge games devoid of good plot , because those first few games had * so much * potential . 
  so jealous . 
  sure , by american or canadian standards , the middle of winter here in brissy might be a warm autumn day , but to me it 's unbearable . 
  granted , it never gets * quite * that cold here , but i 've lived and traveled places where it does , and the cold is awful . 
  i 'll take a tropical climate any day of the week . 
  keep your important files in [ copy ] ( https://copy.com?r=upfrdn ) , dropbox , or google drive . 
  you can set windows to sync preferences like wallpapers and the like if you want . 
  chrome has fantastic sync features for browser settings , extensions , etc. 
  you can use [ synergy ] ( http://synergy-project.org/ ) to use both computers at the same time with the same mouse and keyboard . 
  this is also handy because it keeps your clipboard synced between the two when it 's in use . 
  i ca n't think of anything else you would want to keep synced that 's easy to do . 
  but that should be plenty to start off with . 
  as an australian , i find it somewhat amusing that you would need to put in an explanation for what a marsupial is . 
  they 're basically the only type of native mammal we have here , so everyone knows from a very young age what a marsupial is . 
  also monotremes . 
  man , what 's with all the warlock hate on the front page right now ? 
  easy . 
  but god that website is terrible . 
  a hovering banner at the top telling me which page i 'm on , and a * huge * hovering banner at the bottom telling me to sign up or sign in . 
  no thanks , not on a site as annoying as that . 
  i think some parts are saved on the server and others locally , depending on the game . 
  most save games and settings will be local , i think , but perhaps some newer ones will do that over the net . 
  any achievements you unlock should go with you though . 
  hey can i get an invite to one of the servers so i can see him ? 
  thanks !, 
  that certainly plays a part , but does n't explain why iphones has less markup in australia than the nexus phones do compared to the us price . 
  awesome , sounds fun . 
  just one question , how do you get an invite link to invite someone into a specific role ? 
  most of these are n't too bad , really . 
  i would say that there should n't be a trident , in the same way as there is n't a katana . 
  if someone wants a katana , they can use longsword stats and reflavour it . 
  a trident * is * a spear . 
  same with the glaive . 
  canadian ? 
  fuck no . 
  i * hate * the cold . 
  for me , if it drops below like 20 degrees i have to start wrapping up in a jumper . 
  around 25-28 is my ideal temperature . 
  and yes , the interrobang is amazing . 
  ah fair enough . 
  the whole permissions system kinda feels like a bit of a mess to be honest . 
  so , the way i * think * i 've just done it is invited the bot to the server , and then i went to the server settings -  members -  add role . 
  but it makes me wonder , if that had been a person with malicious intent , rather than a benign bot , what would be stopping them from first adding themselves to higher permissions , and then adding me to lower ones . 
  it all feels very clunky . 
  but anyway , i 've got the bot working , so thanks a heap !, 
  oh , i guess that 's not really * too * bad after all . 
  i know grey has talked about buying a clothing store , but i did not realise he was a costumer already !, 
  i dunno , i think his technique is a pretty good one . 
  not sure why he 's only after modern stuff though . 
  good , accessible stuff that is n't well-known from any period would have worked . 
  he 's more than just abrasive , he 's a downright dick of a person . 
  you should see his twitter feed : straight up abusive of fans . 
  and yet , i keep coming back for more , because * so much * of his advice is just so good . 
  i do n't agree with everything he says ( for one thing , i know he hates warlocks and psionics , both of which i love ) , but certainly everything he puts out is at least worth a read , because it 's well thought through , thought provoking , and most of the time it just makes for better game play . 
  yeah i agree , i really like his writing style . 
  but i 've been following his twitter recently , and i 'm not actually sure he does it all for the humour any more . 
  he 's actually quite rude and borderline abusive to many of his fans . 
  it certainly makes for a fun style to read in the articles , but when he 's directly talking at an individual and does n't tone it down -- if anything he ramps it up -- that feels really off putting . 
  it might be a touch hyperbolous , but not much . 
  20 degrees might be what gets referred to as `` room temperature '' , but that 's because the term was coined by western europeans , who are accustomed to a much lower temperature than i am , having grown up in brisbane and saigon , subtropical and tropical cities , respectively . 
  if it drops slightly under 20 at night , that 's not too bad . 
  but if it goes below about 14 at night , or 20 in the day , that 's way too cold for my tastes . 
  even here in brisbane is far too cold for my liking for like 5 months of the year . 
  my preference , and i said this in the last survey , and briefly touched upon it in the `` other comments '' section on the last page of this survey , would be to have hunter 's mark be the definitive * class * feature for rangers , instead of just a spell that they can pick . 
  make it work like the paladin 's smite . 
  they 've got divine smite as the most basic class feature , but then a bunch of `` smite '' spells that they can choose if they want , which have a wider variety of effects , but all thematically related to the core idea of smiting . 
  the ranger should have similar `` mark '' - like spells , in addition to a * class feature * hunter 's mark which also uses spell slots . 
  that tends to be the netflix way . 
  i do n't know if they 've done any shows longer than about 13 episodes , which tends to be their norm . 
  dvorak is more widely supported and does n't make compromises for the sake of keyboard shortcuts . 
  plus , on os x there 's a layout called dvorak - \u2318 qwerty , which automatically switches to qwerty while the \u2318 key is held down , and command substitutes for ctrl in the most common shortcuts like \u2318 - c , \u2318 - z , \u2318 - f , etc. 
  i 've heard of programmes that can do a similar thing on windows , but to be honest i 've never found the keyboard shortcuts in dvorak enough of a pain to bother seeking that out . 
  but then , on my windows computer i have a button on my mouse mapped to copy and paste , so one-handed keyboard shortcuts for things like that do n't bother me as much as they might otherwise . 
  point is , you can get around the less convenient shortcuts in dvorak pretty easily if you want . 
  3 days ? 
  i watched the last season of house of cards in 2 days . 
  i think my record for binge-watching is probably all 5 seasons ( with seasons 1 and 5 being ` half ' seasons , the others being 20 + episodes of ~ 40 minutes ) of chuck in like 10 days, 
  wait , none whatsoever next week ? 
  no arrow , flash , or supergirl ? 
  what about other genres ? 
  is modern family on ? 
  if not , what 's on next week that means * everything * has to be cancelled ?
