  yup . 
  basically any dice that get rolled as a result of a crit will be doubled . 
  have you seen the entirety of the dcau ? 
  you mentioned justice league ( unlimited ) , but what about batman : the animated series and the new batman adventures ? 
  i would say those two shows are the * best * definitive version of batman we 've ever seen . 
  or superman : the animated series . 
  i 'm not normally a huge fan of superman , and only started this series so that i could say i 'd seen the entire dcau , but wow this show wrapped me in . 
  the portrayal of superman is just fantastic , and the supporting cast and guest appearances ( wally west , aquaman , supergirl , and a heap of dcau villains made their first dcau appearances in this show ) are also great . 
  batman of the future is probably going to be the next one i try , but you 'll definitely be at least vaguely familiar with that from the justice league episode `` epilogue '' . 
  i ca n't comment on it myself since the only time i ever watched it was piecemeal when i was a kid -- no full watch through . 
  then of course there are the other more eccentric dcau shows like static shock and the zeta project , and the dcau films . 
  another one that i 've not watched , that * is n't * part of any shared universe , but which i 've seen a lot of people in this subreddit recommend , is green lantern : the animated series . 
  a much more recent show that ran around the same time as young justice , and suffered the same fate . 
  one of my high school ict teachers referred to it as '' \\* cough \\* friendly \\* cough \\* '' . 
  no , it 'd be a saving throw still ... 
  characters with con save proficiency would damn near invisible . 
  the simplest way to answer this question is to look at the actual abilities . 
  necromancer wizards get a bit of hp back when using necromancy spells . 
  that 's basically irrelevant . 
  they also get * animate dead * , the bread and butter of a necromancer , automatically at level 6 ( one level after they have the * option * to choose it ) . 
  they can also raise two at a time , and ( i think -- the rules are vague on this front ) control up to five total with one spell per day , rather than four . 
  their raised dead also get a bonus to hp and to attack rolls . 
  then at 14th level , they gain their only other true necromantic ability , to take control of undead animated by someone other than themselves . 
  really , the level 6 ability is the only substantial advantage over other schools . 
  it 's quite an important one , since without it undead do n't scale at all . 
  at least until you get create undead , which allows you to create a stronger type of undead ( but still , that wo n't scale as you level up , but it will for a necromancer ) . 
  the hp bonus is nice , but the really interesting bit is the bonus to hit . 
  skeletons get +4 to hit normally , which is pretty pitiful . 
  zombies only get +3 . 
  with an extra +3 to that -- increasing as your proficiency increases -- a necromancer 's undead become * very * accurate , and will start hitting a * lot * of the time . 
  the biggest advantage of more undead is really just action economy control . 
  having more things on your side means your side gets to attack more frequently , and the enemy has to spread themselves more thinly to overcome you . 
  any wizard can gain this benefit . 
  necromancers are just a bit better , since their undead go from being kinda nice , to quite hard hitters with a little extra toughness . 
   also , while leveling enemy makes sense , it makes things unrealistic, 
  people criticised eso for this -- claiming it removed the exploration aspect of tes games -- but i thought the simple fact of having some areas have monsters that are just too high for you added to immersion . 
  but yeah , i agree with you on all counts . 
  interesting . 
  why do you plan on placing them first in the lower house ? 
  how does that mesh with not placing them anywhere in the upper house ? 
  was n't * my * comment you misread , but i get your point . 
  that makes much more sense . 
  to make it worthwhile , you ca n't put it out in the middle of the desert . 
  it has to be relatively close to population centres . 
  you lose way too much power if the distance it has to travel is too large . 
  we may not have earthquakes , but we do have fires and flooding . 
  nuclear is certainly very very safe , but it 's not like doing it in australia suddenly makes it perfect . 
  the biggest issue though , is cost . 
  australia currently has exactly ** zero ** nuclear investment . 
  there 's nobody in the country with the expertise needed to design power plants . 
  nobody with experience in building them , or running them , or maintaining them . 
  all of that , plus a much greater need than we currently have for storing the waste products long term , and doubtless there are other things i 'm not thinking of . 
  the end result is that the initial cost * for australia * is extremely high , compared to the cost for other countries to maintain or expand their usage of nuclear energy . 
  according to [ a 2015 report ] ( http://www.co2crc.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/lcoe_executive_summary.pdf ) ( and i vaguely recall hearing something about it even before then ) , nuclear energy 's long term costs for australia would be higher than wind power and most types of solar power . 
  howard lost bennelong in 2007 . 
  that 's not to say that i think turnbull * will * lose his seat ( indeed , i think that 's * super * unlikely to the point of being impossible this election ) , but only to demonstrate that if you go full retard * and * get enough of the media against you , even a safe seat of silver spooners can turn against you . 
  just a tip grey , current evidence is suggesting that there * wo n't * be any substantial new hardware at wwdc . 
  i 've never heard of anything like that in d&d , but you may also be interested in reading up on the templar from the dragon age series . 
  it would be difficult to bring them in to a standard d&d medieval fantasy setting ( like the forgotten realms ) , since in dragon age there is a factual risk inherent in using magic that most d&d settings do n't have . 
  but it 's always worth reading up on more different interpretations of similar ideas to see how it can be handled . 
  honestly , unless i 'm gaming or using photoshop , i 'd take the apple trackpad over any simple three button mouse any day . 
  the convenience of being able to scroll large amounts more easily than a scroll wheel allows , being able to flick back and forward in the browser , or between spaces/applications is worth way more than somewhat better precision , except when doing specialist tasks like those mentioned above . 
  okay , how 's this for a rebuttal ( thanks to / u/dougspade on / r/australianpolitics ) . 
   di natale 's dummy spit over liberal preferences flowing to labor was as unedifying as it was hypocritical . 
  there was n't a dummy spit over liberal preferences flowing to labor . 
  everyone knew that was going to be the case . 
  the libs are doing everything they can think of to get rid of minor parties and independents and the greens are furthest party from the libs on the political spectrum . 
  there were zero surprises in that regards . 
  di natale and the greens are angry at labor , not the liberals . 
  they 're angry because , out of fear of losing more progressive voters to the greens , they 've been running a scare campaign accusing the greens of making a preference deal with the libs . 
  since the very first time the accusation was made , di natale and the greens have outright denied any possibility of preferencing a lib candidate over an alp candidate in any electorate . 
  they said again and again , it was never going to happen . 
  but the alp [ bought billboards ] ( https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2016-05/31/23/asset/buzzfeed-prod-web12/sub-buzz-31209-1464753181-1.jpg?resize=625:469 ) , handed out flyers , mailed leaflets , jumped on tv and tweeted til their fingers fell off `` how dare those dirty greens do a preference deal with the libs !, 
  how dare they ? 
  doing a preference deal with the libs is the worst thing imaginable !, 
  do n't vote for the greens !, 
  vote for us instead !, 
  we 'd never do that ! '', 
  di natale and the greens are having a `` dummy spit '' because labor were running a scare campaign that they knew was completely fictitious ... 
  while actually doing the exact thing the scare campaign was about !, 
  not if they have a more intelligent relative who 's installed chrome for them . 
  unless you install alfred , which is a third-party application that does a better job than spotlight at the same tasks . 
  it 's actually a smallsword , not a rapier . 
  rapiers are much longer , and tend to have more elaborate hilts . 
  smallswords are very similar to the modern fencing \u00e9p\u00e9e . 
  while the rapier is a sword that specialises in thrusting , a smallsword is * almost exclusively * a thrusting weapon -- but it is `` almost '' . 
  it 's not like a candle is a particularly difficult thing to cut through . 
  i 'm truly amazed at how much debate there is over this . 
  it did n't even occur to me that it could be something worth discussing so much . 
  it came so soon after they killed off cleganebowl hype , i just assumed it was about sandor 's whereabouts . 
  wait , the comments in that thread are being ironic , right ? 
  there 's no way people are * authentically * that shitty ... please tell me that 's the case . 
  that 's a * huge * mistake to have made . 
  thanks for pointing it out !, 
  that does n't sound like a chromebook thing , it sounds like one shitty model , or possibly even one particular device was shittily built . 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it appear in the proper greentext format . 
   when buying a laptop , you should look for a machine that offers the maximum portability while being fully able to handle your daily tasks, 
  that 's not a fact ( as you have presented it ) , it 's a matter of taste . 
  i want a computer that 's powerful enough to run photoshop , final cut pro , or a few games , while still being mostly portable . 
  these are not daily tasks for me by any stretch , but i do them frequently enough -- and especially when i 'm on holiday and away from my desktop -- that i want my machine to be able to handle it , and ultimate portability is a secondary concern for me .
