  they 're pretty bad , but they 're also incompetent . 
  when they tried blocking facebook , changing your dns was all that you needed to get around it . 
  present, 
  it reminds me of [ this photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rkc0syx.jpg ) , called `` winter in krakow '' . 
  a reminder to everyone that a good place to start ( to read some of the best stories the subreddit has had ) is the [ hall of fame ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dndgreentext/wiki/hof ) . 
  thank you , mr deputy speaker ,, 
  the parliament has been running for far too long with no committees set up to which bills or proposals can be referred . 
  setting up the standing committee on procedure will be the first step in hopefully getting a parliament that can function far more efficiently than it has . 
  members will know that there is a simultaneous debate happening for a change to the standing orders which would decrease the size of all committees . 
  it is my hope that by setting up a committee on procedure first , we can have that proposal referred to this committee for a greater degree of debate on the potential consequences ( positive or negative ) of such a change than would be possible in the general house . 
  of course , if the amendment does pass , the size of this committee will have to be reduced . 
  but that is an issue for when that happens . 
  those chosen for this committee are those that have shown to be most actively interested in the functioning of the parliament , and those that have exhibited a good understanding of the standing orders as they sit today . 
  it is my hope that this arrangement will be able to get the most done . 
  zagorath , leader of the house, 
  mr deputy speaker , i have received a message from the speaker of the house , 3fun . 
  as he is absent , i have been asked to present his message to the house . 
  by leave , i present it below :, 
  i thank the leader of the house / u/zagorath for the nomination . 
  my interest would be on allowing more debate on the processes of the house and thus allowing for a better functioning house . 
  as it is unusual for the speaker to be nominated for this position , i accept it and willing to do it so that it makes the speakership easier . 
  thank you , 3fun , speaker of the house . 
  yeah , at $ 1,000 i 'd probably consider it . 
  at $ 100,000 is probably around the point where i 'd do it without even thinking . 
  so long as i 'm assured that no one else would know ... 
  hear , hear . 
  i also do not believe it is the place of the australian parliament to condemn any party for exercising their right to free , legal , speech . 
  while i concur with the honourable member for regional queensland and the member for the northern territory that the claims made by marriage alliance are abhorrent , and i condemn them as a private citizen , i do not believe parliament as an entity should follow suit . 
  zagorath , member for brisbane and surrounds, 
  he lives in a universe where saying `` nationalism must grow '' is apparently a logical statement . 
  you need to keep that in mind through the rest of the comment , because frankly it tells you the sort of person he is . 
  well clearly you just need to increase your charisma/persuasion . 
  that 's probably why you 're the worst bard ever . 
  the model parliament heroku seems to be down . 
  i must echo phyllicanderer 's opinion , in that i am very much against this . 
  it looks obscenely expensive , and to what end ? 
  you mention `` kindling nationalism '' . 
  this is a goal that i believe to be * abhorrent * . 
  in our modern , globalised world , we should not be striving to create a culture of flag waving blind nationalism . 
  instead , we should be striving to create an environment where multiculturalism and relations with other nations are seen as totally normal . 
  we should try to create a sense of global community and make it so that any thought of discriminating against people is just totally foreign to us -- whether that discrimination be the more obvious sorts , or something more oblique , such as creating an online product that is georestricted . 
  additionally , what of university ? 
  i can easily see such a scheme turning more and more people away from higher education . 
  already australia has the feel of a place that places far too little value on education , and i fear that a scheme like this , which forces students to cease their education after high school for at least one year , would cause far fewer to go on and get a tertiary education . 
  i can see that this has been done with the very best of intentions , and i am very glad that it was not designed to be a primarily military thing . 
  but i still can not support mandatory national service . 
  zagorath , member for brisbane and surrounds, 
  the third guy was in one of my lectures early last week ( they sent out emails a few days ago to people who shared classes with the person ) . 
  and i had a bad cold over this past weekend . 
  gave me a bit of a scare for a bit . 
  some of the best advice i 've been given as a runner is `` the hardest part is putting on your shoes '' . 
  i love running , and i 'm pretty good when i actually do it . 
  but i have serious commitment issues and if i can get myself to run once a week for more than a month , i 'm doing well . 
  the advice has definitely helped me . 
  light brown . 
  i 'm fairly sure anything that 's genetic can be related to inbreeding . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the only real problem with inbreeding is that it can cause recessive genes that cause negative traits to become more common over time . 
  no , his experience is completely normal . 
  usb b is common for charging medium sized things , like a gopro or external battery pack . 
  external hard drives that i 've seen recently have all used standard usb a at the computer 's end , but an unusual long flat connector with a notch in it at the other end . 
  then there 's phones and tablets which all use micro usb . 
  printers still all seem to use usb b. 
  and that last one is the only one that most people wo n't be lugging around with them . 
  so i can certainly see at least 3 cables being the norm . 
  needing only 1 is definitely not where we 're at today . 
  though hopefully usb c will get us there . 
  pretty sure windows 10 is bringing this feature . 
  one of the gretas was a terminator . 
  so , from the looks of it you 're not doing the diploma programme . 
  i wonder if it might be worth adjusting your subjects just a touch so that you are . 
  drop either music or one of the two sciences , take a second language , and you 've got the right set up on for the full diploma , which is worth a hell of a lot more than a bunch of separate subjects are . 
  to be entirely honest , i do n't really see the * point * of doing ib if you 're not doing the full ib . 
  the rigour associated with the dp is what makes ib such an incredible programme , not the content of the individual subjects . 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  do you know why that is ? 
  yeah definitely . 
  from the looks of that trailer , the physics and some of the mechanics could use some serious work . 
  maybe the graphical models of the players could do with a little touch up , too . 
  but the rest of the graphics were already way more than i was expecting , and definitely good enough for such a game . 
  bungie started out as a mac developer until microsoft bought them . 
  even after they got bought , they still made a few games available on mac . 
  the last one they did was halo : combat evolved . 
  meta : so , how do i move that the motion be put and we vote on this ? 
  umm , you should n't be taking an ab initio language if you 've learnt it before . 
  ab initio is for completely new learners ( or near enough to it ) . 
  if you 've had one year of spanish , that 's probably ok . 
  but if you 're doing a second year first , it 's probably not so much . 
  why not just take ab initio right now ? 
  no , it 's not weird at all . 
  getting meat in grammes is the norm here in australia , too . 
  and throughout most of eastern asia . 
  200g sirloin , or a 220g rib eye , just as a couple of examples . 
  does n't even have to be multiples of 50 . 
  no one would bat an eye at the idea of a 180g or 220g burger in a country that uses si . 
  canada and the uk fucked up their conversion . 
  they honestly are n't very much better than the us . 
  you 've got to look at mainland europe , or australia and new zealand , for places that did it right . 
  they said they 'd switch on this date , and when this date came , all road signs etc. 
  were in km/h . 
  a proper changeover without leaving any holdouts .
