  you can probably steal that from any maccas . 
  alternatively , it might be worth getting a cheap phone plan while you 're here . 
  [ aldi ] ( https://www.aldimobile.com.au/plans ) has some decent pay-as-you-go plans , or you can get 2 gb for $ 15 . 
  [ amaysim ] ( http://www.amaysim.com.au/mobile-plans/amaysim-mobile-broadband.html ) also has very decently priced mobile data . 
  ( e.g. 
  just under $ 10 for 1 gb ), 
  of course , both of those are contingent on you being able to get the sim shipped somewhere , and i do n't know how feasible that 's going to be for you . 
  regarding public transport , if you plan on using it , make sure to get a go card as soon as possible . 
  it 's much more convenient than paper tickets , and cheaper , too . 
  haha that was brilliant . 
  i do n't get the scoring system though . 
  is that how it 's done in the actual show ? 
  seems like you do n't actually get points for the answers you came up with . 
  that makes absolutely no sense as a way to run a competition , but whatever . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  fuck , not here it 's not . 
  at least if we 're talking big title , brand new games , you 're * lucky * to pay just $ 60 for a game . 
  $ 80 -- 120 's more like it . 
  now have you res tagged as `` more than a little bit insecure '' . 
  oh yeah , i never buy games at anything * close * to the original price . 
  but if i did want to buy a game here the day it 's released from a local store , that 's what i 'd be paying . 
  i 'm a [ ` patient gamer ' ] ( / r/patientgamers ) , and i 'm happy to wait for the games to be sub $ 10 to grab them most of the time . 
  ah right , that would explain things . 
  my experience has mostly been in south east asia . 
  how else is he supposed to know will it blend ? \u2122, 
   the reality is , the original case of `` me and x '' was never really wrong . 
  the only small thing that i 'd like to correct here is that `` me and x '' is never correct , just as `` i and x '' is never correct . 
  one should always put oneself last when using a conjunctive subject . 
  the grammar does n't quite work that easily , in part because of the way french uses reflexive pronouns . 
  the wall end of that looks weird . 
  what country is that for ? 
  til , thanks . 
  that is and always will be a complete cop-out argument in any language debate . 
  if you 're going to allow that argument , might as well never debate correct usage at all . 
  i suspect that you 're not going to accept my answer , but it sounds bad and makes the speaker sound uneducated . 
  that 's really all there is to it . 
  very well said , and thanks for the article . 
  it was really interesting . 
  it 's probably largely true that part of the prejudice is to do with perceived class of the speaker , the best example for me would be the [ bogan ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bogan ) , but i 've obviously also been exposed to some of the american and british dialects through media and having met people from the countries . 
  so yeah , a lot of it is to do with perceived class of the speaker . 
  but i 'm not quite sure that 's all of it . 
  one example of perhaps my least favourite dialect of english is that spoken in singapore and malaysia . 
  the speakers that i 've heard using it have been really nice people and not ones that i would look down on socially at all . 
  i just ca n't stand the way they add * lah * to the end of phrases . 
  similarly , putting me or i first in a list of names just sounds bad , as does saying `` me '' when `` my '' is meant , even if both those examples may have cultural or social baggage attached , it does n't change the fact that they sound bad . 
  a comment above mentioned one place where the noise insulation was removed . 
  that would count as a potential example of noise level rising . 
  wait what ? 
  link ? 
  where 's wally ? 
  ellipses certainly are interesting ... 
  ( it 's even worse when you want to put a happy smiley into the brackets , rather than the sad smiley  ), 
  huh ? 
  no , i 'm genuinely enjoying this conversation , actually . 
  weird ... 
  i feel like dc 's got a much better handle on tv though . 
  at least quality wise , if not popularity . 
  young justice was an * incredible * show , and arrow is even better ( imo ) . 
  they 're going to have a flash show launching soon off the back of arrow . 
  that 's ignoring the really popular older shows like justice league and teen titans . 
  marvel used to have good shows , like the animated x-men , and the old spider man shows , but i have n't heard about anything good coming from them on tv in a decade . 
  cheers, 
  as someone who has n't got an xbox or played the game , how does it do this ? 
  is it random ? 
  based on your players ' stats ? 
  does it use kinect to hear * you * swearing ? 
  ( because that last one would be super awesome -- as long as they made it opt-in . ), 
  nothing about 2010 ? 
  oh well in a live stream it makes sense that it would pick up their speaking . 
  i meant that , like , just while playing the game , it could be listening and if it hears you swearing at the refs the game could send you a warning . 
  so , what was your band practice like as a kid ? 
  hey mr dawkins . 
  i 'm a huge fan of your work in relation to atheism and religion , as well as the small amount i know about your biological work . 
  i saw you on the australian tv programme qanda against some religious figure , and i 'm rather disappointed to say that it did n't seem like you performed very well . 
  this seemed to be the opinion of most people i discussed it with afterwards , too . 
  i 'm wondering ,, 
  a ) could you give an explanation for what went wrong, 
  b ) could we get you back on it at some point in the future when you 're at your best ? 
  i have to say , i 've read twenty thousand leagues , and i was n't all that impressed . 
  i keep having to periodically pause this video and do other things or else my blood would literally boil and i would die . 
  yeah it kind of annoys me , too . 
  there 's this * really * narrow idea of a meme being an image with text over it ( more correctly called an image macro ) . 
  then there 's the wider definition of an `` internet meme '' , which might also include things like `` the cake is a lie '' and `` arrow to the knee '' . 
  and then there 's the actual meaning of a meme , which is * any * idea or behaviour that spreads between people in society . 
  fashion trends are a meme . 
  the trend of smartphone screens getting larger is a meme -- heck , the idea of smartphones being cool is a meme . 
  very fair point . 
  do n't forget the full stop for effect . 
  i 'd hardly call cycling a niche sport . 
  it 's a massive sport for people to get involved in personally , and le tour de france is probably one of the biggest annual sporting events in the world ( using `` one of '' somewhat loosely ) . 
  no , he was suggesting that there are some people around today who * would * rather live in a hunter-gather society , which i suspect is true . 
  so yeah , you were a bit presumptuous . 
  that said , he was a lot pedantic . 
  thanks for that , it was a really interesting read . 
  i wonder if you have anything interesting to say about children growing up in multilingual environments . 
  for example , one english-speaking parent and one vietnamese-speaking one , living in vietnam , while going to an international school where english is the most used language . 
  i have n't got any specific questions , i 'm just curious if there 's anything you could tell me about that type of example . 
  also australian and i can confirm the same . 
  ( admittedly it 's 1 rhys vs. 0 reeces , so hardly a significant sample size . ), 
  if it makes you feel a little better , the '' \uc694 '' literally * means `` this is polite '' .
