  with zimmer , i kinda feel like all of his notable scores are the same , and then he 's got a few that are different , but they 're significantly lower quality than the ones that fit his type . 
  i 've generally had no qualms about joining in someone else 's fight , especially when it 's a quest mob ( or drops quest items ) . 
  although reading this thread , i do at least feel a little bad about using the mage spell that knocks an enemy back a few metres . 
  might have to stop doing that . 
  ( plan on rolling a healer when/if i get the game , anyway , so should n't be a problem . ), 
  i actually rather like newton howard for what he is , though i suppose were i to look at it objectively he 's probably not better than zimmer . 
  just gets less attention , so i feel less need to criticise . 
  but the nolan batman films are probably among some of my least favourite of zimmer 's work , slightly better than what he did to poor superman . 
  i could n't really comment , i have n't seen that film . 
  he 's definitely got some very good work , do n't get me wrong . 
  i just find him grossly overrated . 
  honestly , [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voir_dire ) is a better link . 
  gives some background on the term ( for example `` voir '' in this case is ** not ** from the french `` to see '' , but from latin via old french for `` that which is true '' . 
  more importantly , it explains what the term means in different countries . 
  your link a ) has an incorrect etymology listed and b ) is solely focused on the use of the term in the united states . 
  i was n't much of a fan of brave , but i ca n't say exactly why . 
  was definitely very surprised when i looked it up later to find out that it beat wreck it ralph for best animated picture . 
  but i agree with you on monster 's inc 2 . 
  really good movie . 
  that had me really stumped for a minute , because i thought you were talking about [ this ] ( https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1294225970/kingdom-come-deliverance ) , and i was like ... the game has n't even come out yet . 
  then i googled and realised there 's a comic called kingdom come . 
  first class bothered me because i could n't tell exactly what it was . 
  was it meant to be a prequel to the original x-men trilogy ? 
  is it a reboot ? 
  it 's hard to say . 
  they break enough of the lore set up in the original trilogy it 's hard to believe it 's meant to be the same universe , and yet they have enough of an overlap ( e.g. 
  jackman 's cameo ) that it does n't feel like a complete reboot . 
  but then , i feel the same way with the two wolverine movies . 
  ~ ~ one suggests he was around in wwii , and had adamantium claws ~ ~ ^ edit ^ no ^ he ^ did n't , but the other has them put in at some point in the second half of the 20th century . 
  the x-men film franchise just does n't seem consistent . 
  i do n't really know what to believe . 
  wow , that got way longer than i intended ... whoops . 
  oh thanks for the clarification . 
  wait why do we know we wo n't get a magneto origin movie ? 
   do any of your children have red-green colour blindness ? 
  probably worth asking if the person has * any * children first , or giving an `` i do n't have children '' option . 
  probably also should have been quite specific and mentioned that it 's talking about your genetic/birth parents/siblings . 
  people who were adopted , have step-parents/step-siblings or half-siblings probably are n't what op is looking for , but there 's nothing explicit in the survey to clarify that . 
  sibelius voices can be a bit awkward . 
  if you want it to look good , you 'll need to make sure that the semibreve is in voice 1 and the quavers are in voice 2 . 
  if you swap that around , the quavers will default to pointing upwards and it 'll look weird . 
  if you use the `` flip '' option , they 'll be shunted to the side slightly , which also looks weird . 
  i have n't got either of them , but i 've seen reviews and everyone 's commented about how damn heavy the xbone is compared to the ps4 . 
  i do n't know where you 're seeing the light grey on white background , apart from text that is deliberately supposed to be ground ( e.g. 
  inactive tabs , the `` search '' box ) , but i agree with the lack of borders . 
  at least on the forward , back , and refresh buttons , it 'd be nice if there was a subtle outline that becomes more obvious upon mouse hover . 
  overall i really like the main skin , though . 
  i 'd prefer to avoid the weird `` favourites , apps , games '' section . 
  seems much less useful than the current default tab page to me . 
  too cluttered . 
  ah yeah , looks like it 's been edited in . 
  definitely was n't there when i did it . 
  it 's not entirely accurate , but i guess just saying `` i do n't have any children '' would be the best response in that case . 
  most maps -- wherever you are -- put europe in the middle . 
  it 's the most logical choice , because it means you 're splitting the pacific ocean . 
  you could get away with putting australia/eastern asia in the middle by splitting it through the atlantic ocean , but to put america in the middle is just bizarre . 
  you 'd be breaking asia right down the middle , through india . 
  for nearly any purposes , that 's a bad idea . 
  ( perhaps the only exception would be if the american navy were to do this . ), 
   c is the clavin , used to measure the stupidity of a fact , named after the world renowned cliff clavin . 
  the fuck , dude ? 
  i mean , that may or may not be true , i ca n't be bothered looking it up . 
  but that 's certainly not what c would * normally * be representing as a unit . 
  it 's far more likely to be the coulomb , the fundamental unit of charge . 
  is that really true ? 
  i know that the definition of a pint is different in different countries , but i was under the impression that the pound is one of the major terms that 's the same in imperial units and us customary units ( unlike , for example , the gallon ) . 
  but if you 're going to do something like that , the argument falls down anyway . 
  because you could do the same thing with the dollar sign after . 
  i thought you were right , but it turns out saunas really can get near 100 \u02dac in normal operation , and people do go over that for significant amounts of time . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-10912578 ), 
   would n't it make more sense for 0 to be thought of as the beginning, 
  something something kelvin something rankine . 
  -20 is cold ? 
  fuck that shit , +18 \u02dac is cold . 
  ( yay living in and near the tropics ! ), 
  ` tis a fair point , actually . 
  i did n't think of that . 
  really convenient for time zone stuff , too ( which leads back to , if memory serves , the top comment of this comment thread ) . 
  the centre is utc , to the left is utc-n , to the right is utc + n , just like a numberline or graph . 
  fuck man . 
  you do n't start to `` bundle up '' until it 's 6 below freezing ? 
  that 's some tough skin . 
  i need a jumper if it 's under 16 \u02dac for too long . 
  eh , it really should n't imo . 
  it 's often used with the degree symbol , but not always . 
  using the degree symbol is kinda misleading , though . 
  the slight extra increase in time and effort it would take to say is certainly worth it for the increased efficiency in comparing different sockets and deciding which is appropriate , without needing to perform mental calculations . 
  less intuitive for comparing to 15/32 and 17/32 , yes . 
  i 'm only continuing what the guy further up the thread was saying . 
  i have no idea what sorts of sockets get used . 
  the point is , when comparing multiple things , it 's usually best to have them in the same form , whether that be all in decimal , or all in fractions , and if fractions , they should ideally use the same base . 
  i use $ before , purely because that 's the convention in australia . 
  it 's handy that the same convention is used in the us and uk ( with # before ) , and even the euro is sometimes put before . 
  but i have to say , i do wish it were the other way around , especially when i read something like $ 4.5 million . 
  neither is particularly ideal for writing cheques , but to be honest that 's not very relevant today ( though i 've heard it 's somewhat relevant in the us still ) for the vast majority of people/purposes . 
  except it 's not about precision , it 's about simplicity . 
  it 's just so much easier to compare two different things if they 're all using the same system . 
  i ca n't comment on whether or not / u/king _ of_avalon 's comment is correct or not , but your comment certainly does n't state anything that disagrees with theirs . 
  they said that people would * know * their dimensions in metric , but would colloquially give them in imperial units . 
  again , i do n't know whether or not that 's true , it 's just that your claim seemed to be implying it was false without actually giving evidence/anecdotes to state otherwise .
