  night on a bald mountain is by modest mussorgsky , who is very well known for one other composition , [ pictures at an exhibition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsumsdfyiv8 ) . 
  interestingly , neither of these are most famous in the form that mussorgsky composed them . 
  he wrote them both only for piano . 
  rimsky-korsakov ( of [ scheherazade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17lex0yte_0 ) and [ flight of the bumblebee ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayajopweyv8 ) fame ) orchestrated the most well known version of mountain , and ravel ( of [ bol\u00e9ro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlodbwuj8-s ) fame ) is responsible for the most well-known version of pictures . 
  interestingly , both of these composers could arguably be considered one-hit wonders in the pop culture world . 
  [ pretty sure this link is the more relevant one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8z1_a-zlbw ) . 
  after all , i suspect far more people already * have * heard the orchestrated version than have heard the original . 
  the series `` brimstone angels '' deals with this quite a bit . 
  unfortunately not so much an overview of the archdevils , since the main fiend in the series is a cambion , but we do see a fair bit of the archduchess glasya in the first book , as well as one of the highest other devils in malbolge , an erinyes by the name of invadiah . 
  i 'm currently only part way through the second book in the series , and i 'd highly recommend it . 
  the main character is a tiefling warlock , and you 'll find a bit of the exchange from when the tiefling first met her soon-to-be patron as the quote for tieflings in the phb . 
  ( and , incidentally , a bit from a later book in the same series is the quote for dragonborn . ), 
  there 's a lot of stuff to be gleaned about the nature of being a warlock/the relationship between a warlock and their patron , the hierarchy of the hells/relationships between devils , as well as the way tieflings are viewed , though that last aspect is explored far less than the first two . 
  and just on its own merit , the books so far have been rather interesting stories . 
  the other option , if you get the opportunity to plan ahead , would be to use your free item interaction on one turn to put the sword away ( * after * attacking with it ) , and then draw the bow at the start of the next turn . 
  that way , you never have to actually drop a weapon , and you still do n't miss any attacks . 
  edit : fix bracket placement, 
  that 's just a few that i found using the [ creative commons ' search page ] ( https://search.creativecommons.org ) . 
  they 're creative commons cc-by ( or at least , that 's what i asked its search to give me , it would be worth double checking the licence of any given image just to be safe ) , which means you would need to provide credit in the form of an attribution , but anything else is fine . 
  i 've heard the expression , and now that you 've pointed it out , i guess i can understand what not george was trying to say . 
  but holy fuck was that comment written terribly . 
  no fucking punctuation at all , it did n't say `` the only on form comic book show '' it just said `` i feel the form comic book show '' , which makes no sense , and then it goes `` supergirl yep supergirl '' . 
  i do n't think you can blame anyone for not understanding the comment . 
  i believe the general consensus -- even among people who were not fans of it at first -- is that it starts getting much better around episode 6 or 7 or so . 
  but yes , you should absolutely check it out . 
   on mobile you 're probably screwed, 
  actually , many apps implement their own spoiler parsing stuff . 
  i know reddit is fun does . 
  i do n't know if it parses all the popular syntaxes for displaying spoiler warnings or just some of them , but i ca n't remember the last time i came across a misformatted spoiler while on my phone , so i 'd lean towards it being all . 
  darhk is the perfect example of a lawful evil character . 
  imo they tend to make for the most engaging villains . 
  darhk is by far the best thing going in this show at the moment , because he 's just such a brilliant engaging character . 
  well , the main villain this season * is * named darhk . 
  my theory is that it 's andy that killed diggle . 
  it 's the mac of his wi-fi router , maybe ? 
  i see someone has never made it to the weird side of youtube . 
  you should probably cross-post this to / r/cello . 
  i 'm sure they would also be interested to know this . 
   i was excited but highly disappointed with sword coast legends, 
  i do n't know it for certain , but i have heard others in this subreddit say that many universities actually prefer it if you * have n't * already taken psychology in high school , if you 're going to study it at university . 
  just a thought . 
  but as i said , i 've only heard this second and third-hand , so i would n't recommend making any decisions based on it . 
  but yeah , with either law or psych , you 'll definitely want hl english , and not much else matters too much . 
  so your subjects so far look pretty good to me , though hl english would be a good idea . 
  actually i think canada is pretty much the * only * reason the person you replied to said 19 rather than 18 . 
  at least one canadian province has the age of 19 for drinking . 
  the rest of the developed world : the uk , most of europe , australia , new zealand , and asian countries associated with high development ( like korea and japan ) all have at * most * an age of 18 . 
  canada is , in this instance ( like many others , unfortunately ) , close to america in more than just its physical location . 
  also the main character is a time [ insert position of authority here ] . 
  umm ... what you just created is an inferior shield , and nothing more . 
  that completely defeats the basic purpose of a main-gauche . 
  not to mention , it still does n't solve the basic problem . 
  how to make rapier + dagger-like-weapon viable . 
  if you have to get the feat anyway , then you 're stuck back with dual longswords ( or dual rapiers ) again , which is dumb . 
  that takes it from pointless to just utterly terrible ... 
   the question , however , is written in english using natural language, 
  last i checked , : = was not a part of my daily vocabulary . 
  what it 's written in appears to be something very close to what i 've been taught as a sort of `` standard pseudocode '' . 
  ah yeah , good point . 
  that certainly is interesting , thanks , but i 'm not entirely sure it fully explains things . 
  did the writer of that article essentially just coin the idiom himself ? 
  when you attack with it , it wo n't be an improvised attack . 
  it has finesse , so you can sneak attack/use dex with it . 
  it has the light property , so you can two weapon fight with it, 
  except that it 's not really much of a viable option with any of these , because you ca n't use it with the weapon it 's * designed * to be used with on account of that being locked behind the feat . 
   do people think that learning how to fight with a rapier + main gauche off hand does n't take considerable extra effort , considering the dramatically different natures of each weapon ? 
  yes , that is correct . 
  that 's not to say it 's * easy * , per se , but it certainly does n't require the sort of effort that a feat is normally associated with . 
  anyone who is good with a rapier ( or , to use a more modern fencing parallel , an \u00e9p\u00e9e ) can very quickly pick up the main-gauche and gain some benefit from it . 
  the main point of this is that it should enable greater * flexibility * in combat . 
  it provides some amount of extra defence normally , but it 's nowhere near as good as a shield ( and even , nowhere near as good as your proposed change ) at that , on account of only being +1 , and only being melee weapon attacks . 
  perhaps it 's just the way games i 've been in have tended to run , but i would say only around one third of the attacks i take would have that apply at all . 
  and you 've got the option of sacrificing that defence for an extra attack , but it 's only a d4 damage die , and you 're not even going to get to add your modifier to it . 
  it gives you an extra chance at sneak attack as a rogue , or smite as a paladin ( though dex paladins tend to be suboptimal anyway ) , but it 's still not as good at that as a shortsword would be , and nowhere near as good as two d8 weapons ( with the feat ) . 
  yeah , that 's understandable . 
  the problem is that the original concept was there purely as a balancing mechanism . 
  it 's honestly more complicated that i would like from a basic weapon , so to add it in to another option that * already * misses the point seems counter productive . 
  wow , congrats guys !, 
  this is probably a good time to point any newcomers to / r/classicalresources . 
  our very own / u/scrumptiouscakes created it a while back , and it is an awesome place to go find music to fit a certain mood or theme , find music by various composers , find educational resources about classical music , etc. 
  though of course , do n't ever hesitate to ask in this subreddit , too . 
  we usually do n't bite . 
   there is really very little to be gained in talking about music , and very little talk about it is much to the point, 
  aww . 
  that kinda saddens me , to be honest . 
  i get great joy in talking about music , and i 've found that there is * a lot * that can be gained by studying a piece and discussing different aspects of it with others who have also . 
   people think it 's cool to hate mozart, 
  hehehe , yeah . 
  society in general tends to find it cool to hate on the most popular . 
  sometimes it 's warranted , sometimes not . 
  in mozart 's case , i think it 's a bit of both . 
  personally , i find the vast majority , maybe 95 % , of the music that * was n't * from his final years to be rather dull and uninteresting -- embodying all the negative stereotypes that unfortunately hang over classical music . 
  but some of his earlier stuff , and a * lot * of his later stuff -- i particularly like the clarinet concerto ( maybe i 'm biased , though , as a clarinetist ) and the requiem -- is definitely way up there . 
  the man was certainly a genius , but i just do n't find his music all that engaging . 
  i do n't own a playstation more recent than the ps2 , so i just never had the option of playing the game . 
  trust me when i say it is * absolutely * worth it to just watch a video of the game on youtube if you do n't want to continue on with the gameplay . 
  find a nice one where they do n't talk , sit back , and watch it as if it were a film . 
  the one i used did a great job of exploring the world , listening to side dialogue , as well as editing out deaths when they became too frequent , and never once spoke , all of which added up to an awesome experience . 
  i do n't think i 've ever really watched a let 's play for more than a couple of minutes . 
  i just do n't get the point of them , normally .
