  it 's completely unfair to compare the marketshare of individual phones when one company has one per year ( and thus very little diversity ) , to one that makes a whole range of devices for specific needs and desires . 
  or you could [ read it online ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:the_falmer:_a_study ) . 
  actually , it 's apparently a [ known bug ] ( http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&amp;aid=2844635&amp;group_id=268445&amp;atid=1142206 ) . 
  unless this guy was planning it since 2009 , i 'd say the previous post was legit . 
  yes , it is . 
  it 's in group 3 . 
  i feel sad that i 'm such a pedantic fuck that i instantly approved of his correction , and did n't even have that initial negative reaction . 
  hahaha fair enough . 
  when i was 10-13 , my korean piano teachers made me learn classical music , and i hated it . 
  but i moved to another school after that , and the head of music was so enthusiastic , i think that may have been part of what got me to love classical music . 
  so , around 13-14 . 
  an army that , we must remember , probably took them completely by surprise . 
  but it 's not the bigot that 's said these things , it 's the person speaking out against the bigots who 's got their androids confused . 
  protip , australians actually say prawn , not shrimp . 
  yeah , i know that , just that actual australians do n't use it . 
  edit : i had forgotten the actual origin of the phrase , though . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i 'm disappointed at how that ended just reading about it haha . 
  i dunno , i definitely prefer the drag and drop method , but my experience with non-tech literate people is that the way itunes does it is easier for them to understand . 
  good question . 
  i 've always pronounced it rose ( like the flower ) , but i do n't really know if it 's correct . 
  i 've never even looked for that , but my guess is they expect you to use google calendar . 
  add my name to the list . 
  i 'll be unavailable after next tuesday for a number of weeks , so i think i 'll volunteer to go first , or second . 
  really ? 
  i thought google did by teaching computers to learn what cats are . 
  do people actually say `` god bless you '' ? 
  bless you , i 've heard of , but never with the word god in front . 
  what is the game ? 
  cheers . 
  how would you say it compares to pandemic ? 
  you should try pandemic 2 , it was a big cultural phenomenon a few years back . 
  the `` close ** everything ** '' meme ( mr madagascar ) is from there, 
  ah cool . 
  i 'll have to check it out , then . 
  thanks . 
  aye , but there 's only limited land . 
  in the case of the architect , perhaps that land could be put to better use . 
  luckily , this is n't a problem with music , so having a lot of styles that suit anybody is very possible . 
  i think the point the original article was making , though , was that even after all this time , post-schoenberg composers still sound outrageous to most concertgoers . 
  even 50 years after beethoven 's time , his music was very much accepted , and even already on the way to becoming quaint , or old-fashioned . 
  that has n't happened to post-schoenberg atonal composers . 
  out of complete curiosity , what are some other ways of `` going about atonality '' ? 
  wait , your teachers criticised your use of final cadences ? 
  in what way was that ? 
  do they think that having a nice perfect cadence at the end of the piece is something to be avoided ? 
   move to appalachia and play some mandolin on a mountain for a few months, 
  could you explain that metaphor ? 
  it sounds like some famous musician must have actually done this at some point , but i do n't know who . 
  awesome , thanks . 
  no idea who 's the one going around downvoting every one of your comments ... upvoting to compensate , 
  yeah , but no where else in the ( developed ) world would it be acceptable to claim global warming does n't exist like in america . 
  example , many australia politicians from our liberal party ( very much unlike america 's democratic party ) seem as though they do n't believe in global warming , but for them to say so would be a terrible career move , so they have to at least pretend to believe . 
  still , i agree with your main point . 
  solid figures definitely make an argument look more credible , even if the argument is already a sound one . 
  same here , although the style that i learnt was very different to the one i 've seen most americans learn . 
  they coulda cut out the forshadowing , though . 
  besides , they way i see it the scouring of the shire is the * entire point * of the story . 
  it shows how the hobbits have developed throughout the book to be able to lead an uprising by themselves . 
  it 's a lot less elaborate . 
  most of the letters keep their shape how they were ( r in american cursive , imo , just looks horrible ) . 
  i also do n't join up letters like p , g , y , j , etc. , when the letter ends at the bottom ( with the exception of q ) . 
  i would n't mind giving a written example if you can give me a sentence to write :p, 
  sorry about the shoddy quality , i have n't got my printer/scanner plugged in , so i had to take a photo . 
  also , my handwriting is n't that great anyway , so it 's not a great example . 
  i do n't see it . 
  what 're the two meanings ? 
  edit : i just realised you probably meant the caption , not the overlay text . 
  nevermind , i see it . 
  half way down the page and i have n't seen anything like that , thankfully . 
  but do people really recommend not allowing your cat to venture outdoors ? 
  to me that simply seems horrible . 
   new mortal enemy of all redditors , copperhead snakes ... 
  ftfy, 
  oh my god you 're right . 
  what on earth is that ? 
  op , what software did you use to write the music ? 
  i fond the next iphone !!, 
  it has rocket boosters !, 
  praise / b / ? 
  haha i never thought of it this way !, 
  does n't explain why non-transmitting devices need to be turned off , though . 
  which i find kind of sad . 
  both because many of those wealthy enough to travel have no interest in exploring the world , and because of the enormous income inequality that means too many are n't able to afford flights . 
  i point you to the current-top comment in reply to the same comment you replied to . 
   if i want to get to or from the us in any reasonable amount of time i must use a plane . 
  furthermore , i do n't know of any issues with plane terrorism in any developed country in recent years , and none have anywhere near the `` security '' of the tsa in america . 
   we just put up with them because it 's too much effort to change things, 
  i think that 's really the point he was trying to make . 
  but they already kinda do what i 'm saying . 
  non-transmitting devices ( ipods , kindles , laptops , etc. ), 
  are allowed to be turned on after takeoff and before landing . 
  ( not to mention that i 've only ever once been asked to turn off my ipod when it was in my pocket with only audio playing , and even then i did n't do a full switch off , just stopped music playing and took off my headphones . ), 
  simple fact is that there 's no real evidence that the devices are a real problem . 
  honestly , i thought your comment about the popping noise was a clever joke . 
  everything i 've read has said that modern planes could even work fine with devices still on . 
  edit : wrt the faa , i 'm talking about how things are and/or should be worldwide , so talking about specific agencies is n't particularly relevant . 
  edit 2 : by zeus : i like that phrase , i think i 'll use it in the future . 
  hahaha , true , although non-transmitting devices are still allowed to be turned back on once the plane 's in the air , so people already know what devices are allowed . 
  they usually have a list ( phones , walkie-talkies , radios , not ok ; laptops , ipods , kindles ok ) in the booklet in the back of the seat in front of you .
