  i was merely stating that insisting everyone should use it is wrong . 
  hahaha , i 've been using the `` twenty fifteen '' form since 2010 . 
  honestly , i * wish * the abbott government had the balls to make the australian-indonesian relations go sour over that incident . 
  it 's an abhorrent set of laws ( really the death penalty under * any * circumstances is barbaric , but for such a minor crime as drug smuggling it 's orders of magnitude more stupid ) that no country that wants to call itself civilised should still adhere to . 
  but of course , they do n't . 
  abbott made a big deal about it at the time for show , to bump up their polling locally , but they really do n't give a shit about it . 
  there 's been no mention of it since . 
  most of south east asia is pretty similar . 
  vietnam has similarly strict laws , as do malaysia and singapore . 
  for all their economic advancements , these countries are still very firmly behind the west when it comes to cultural progression . 
  it 's not just drugs , homosexuality ( or , at least , the act of homosexual intercourse ) is still * illegal * in malaysia and singapore , and probably indonesia . 
  vietnam 's relatively progressive in that area though , which is nice . 
  indonesia also has the rather interesting law that it is actually illegal to be atheist . 
  you can be muslim , christian , whatever , but you have to believe in * some * ultimate sky man . 
  i 've not been to america , but from what i 've heard airport security there is a nightmare . 
  having to remove your shoes , go through some fancy body scanner ( apart from a metal detector ) or get a physical search . 
  it all sounds so horrible . 
  and that 's aside from the stories of particularly bad employees . 
  travelling mostly around south east asia and australia ( been to europe , africa , and south america a few times , but not many , and never to north america ) i 've never had to go through any of that . 
  you walk through the metal detector , if it beeps , or sometimes ( rarely ) if they randomly select you , they wave a wand over you . 
  once in britain a guy wanted to look at the bottom of my shoes . 
  that 's it . 
  nothing like what i 've heard about airport security in the states . 
  compared to rape or murder ? 
  yes , it 's a minor issue . 
  i do n't care what the quantity is . 
  hell , even compared to theft . 
  an equal value of stolen goods/money to smuggled drugs , i 'd say theft is far worse . 
  it 's true that there 's nothing illegal about it * de jure * , but [ people have been convicted for it before de facto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atheism_in_indonesia#prosecution ) . 
  and that kind of thinking is exactly the problem . 
  they should never have been killed because it was an evil act done largely out of political reasons , not because any if the higher ups * actually * thought it was the right thing to do . 
  it is not `` australian arrogance '' to think that a country murdering reformed people who were only ever guilty of minor crimes is a barbaric practice and those supporting it should face international consequences . 
  it 's the right thing to do . 
  it was a slight exaggeration of the truth . 
  it is not de jure illegal , but people have been convicted de facto of that crime . 
  i linked it in a different comment . 
  i 'd link it again , but i 'm on mobile and it 'd be awkward . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think what the afp did was really shitty , and whichever individuals were involved in any way with that decision or any similar ones should be severely punished . 
  and their policies need a serious overhaul , if the decision to inform the indonesian agencies was following protocol ( which i assume it was ) . 
  but they did n't give the sentence , or hold the gun . 
  they did n't have the power to prevent it from happening even years later when those involved had shown themselves to be reformed . 
  and none of what they did would have been necessary if indonesia 's government did n't support the barbaric practice to begin with . 
  a few photographers have done somewhat serious work with their iphones , but in the cases i know of it was always just to show that they could do it . 
  no , homoeopathy is curing stuff with sugar and water . 
  ( or , as the `` theory '' goes , curing stuff with an infinitesimally small amount of whatever would normally cure it . ), 
  in fact , this phrase is almost like inoculation , so it 's actually a pretty clever idea from that standpoint , albeit one that misapplies the principles that make inoculation work . 
  if they were telling you that using `` and '' in that way is wrong , then yes , your maths teachers were wrong . 
  if , instead , they were simply telling you it 's not wrong to * not * put an `` and '' in there , which i think is more likely , then they 're not wrong . 
  it 's a subtle difference , but an important one . 
  it would be like them telling you spelling `` colour '' is wrong . 
  if they said that , * they * would be wrong . 
  but equally , spelling it `` color '' is also not wrong . 
   i 'm still going to hate people using `` irregardless . '', 
  sounds good to me !, 
  oi mate i 'll glass ya . 
  why would you want it ? 
  why ca n't you just show it ? 
  i ca n't mouse over on mobile ... and it 's not like showing the amount would take up much less space than the text saying mouse over would , is it ? 
   specially because it was announced just after the flash 's premiere, 
  it was announced just after the ratings were released for the second episode . 
  that 's a super important time for a tv show , because it determines how popular the show is . 
  the first episode does n't mean as much because people are going in to watch it not actually knowing what to expect . 
  people who watch the second episode have seen the first , and decided they liked it enough to continue . 
  to be precise :, 
   i 've had some great chats with people at warner bros. . again i thought that the whole timing of the announcement ... the most important day that you can ever have as a television show , is when your ratings come out for your second episode . 
  not your first episode because anybody can be trained to watch a pilot . 
  it 's the people that come back when they have n't been inundated with advertisement and they decide , `` i watched the show a week ago , i 'm going to watch it agin because i enjoyed myself the week before . '', 
  the call that i got from peter roth ( who runs warner bros. television ) the enthusiastic call came after episode one . 
  and then the absolute , awesome `` let 's go 12 years baby , '' call came after episode two . 
  i thought that it was shitty that all of this stuff the morning of the spectacular ratings of the second episodes of the flash came in . 
  ^ [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://io9.com/arrows-stephen-amell-is-pissed-at-dc-for-the-flash-movi-1660724040 ), 
  honestly after it happened i thought there was absolutely no way he was actually dead . 
  the thought that he might be never even occurred to me . 
  then i 've been reading the comments and behind the scenes news and stuff . 
  apparently they 've decided to take his character off the table for now , and apparently he might actually be dead . 
  they spelled it wrong . 
  coldharbour is one word with a u. 
  personally this is what i do . 
  i 've set my computers ' dns settings to use google 's dns . 
  however , another good option for those who want the absolute best performance out of their network , or perhaps anyone who maybe does n't trust google or whatever , is to use [ grc 's dns benchmark ] ( https://www.grc.com/dns/benchmark.htm ) , made by steve gibson of the security now podcast . 
  it 's a windows-only tool , unfortunately , but it is a very good one ( as is most of gibson 's stuff ) . 
  i like this rule . 
  i 'm not a fan of the condescending nature of the announcement . 
  many of the howebrew content submissions were submitted with no way to actually differentiate it from officially released stuff . 
  it 's not just inexperienced users that were getting confused . 
   film music should be listed as its own genre, 
  it should . 
  sorta . 
  `` soundtrack '' is already a genre that itunes has . 
  it covers film , television , and even video game soundtracks . 
  honestly i was really hoping that it actually * would * be good . 
  i assumed it was a sort of `` correction '' over the previous post in this subreddit , meant to imply that the guy who took that screenshot had staged it deliberately to look bad . 
  but nope ... this one 's just as bad . 
  ah well , i mostly listen to music on youtube these days anyway . 
  spotify was the only place i could find a recording of schubert 's `` grande marche fun\u00e8bre '' without paying for it . 
  that 's the only time i 've actually used spotify ( i went there because i really wanted to hear an example of this piece , and it was obscure enough that i could n't find it on youtube ) , so i ca n't really comment on spotify in general , but it was a pretty good one . 
  fwiw , i can find it to * buy * on google play , but not on itunes . 
  edit : it * is * on itunes . 
  it 's just that the title is way more complicated than just `` grande marche fun\u00e8bre '' ( or that plus the d. number ) and it threw me off . 
  they also did n't put schubert in the artist field , which is what i was looking for .
