  nicely done . 
  feel free to ask around for ideas in the arcana forge but outside events and the arcana forge all posts have to have homebrew that is at least complete in terms of material presented even if its not balanced or fleshed out . 
  this post does n't have homebrew that is fleshed out enough to be a post of its own on unearthed arcana , so i am removing it . 
  dude , how potato was your 2011 computer , that it could n't run a game from 1996, 
  based on what their website says , i would think it will , if it 's a model with discrete graphics . 
  you may have problems if it 's not . 
  i doubt it . 
  sibelius is basically on life support at this point . 
  dragonborn lance defenders !, 
  although for that you 'd have to ignore the rest of the class features and probably multiclassing fighter . 
   charisma saves have come up twice . 
  just so you know , this is quite normal . 
  charisma is a `` weak '' save . 
  charisma , intelligence , and strength are all considered `` weak '' saves , because they come up quite rarely , compared to the `` strong '' saves , wisdom , dexterity , and constitution . 
  i think it 's just because these are the types of abilities which come up most often . 
  i vaguely recall wizards making some statements to the effect of them wanting to even out the saves a little , by adding more spells and abilities that target the weaker saves . 
  but for now , the divide is clearly there ; you 'll notice that every class gets two saving throw proficiencies : one strong , one weak . 
  intelligence does n't make much sense except against psionic abilities , which are fairly rare . 
  charisma is mostly banishments and possession : maintaining your force of personality in the world . 
  again , these abilities are relatively rare , so they do n't come up very often . 
  and strength is about avoiding being pushed around physically , which , apart from grappling and shoving ( which uses strength ( athletics ) , rather than strength saving throws ) , also comes up quite rarely ; i think wolves might have an ability that uses it , and spells like * gust * . 
  conversely , constitution is against poisons and disease , of which there are many . 
  dexterity is the general `` avoid damage '' save , making it arguably the * single * most useful of them all . 
  and wisdom is used the most mental stat , being about avoiding being tricked or forced to do something , which is what most of the mental spells do , so it 's the final strong save . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't think it 's an intentional mechanical feature , but instead a natural result of the types of abilities which appear most frequently , which the developers turned to their advantage to * use * in a fairly mechanical way . 
  aside from the fact that both nearly perfectly play out the `` hero 's journey '' , i 'm not sure what about it was borrowed from star wars , but yeah the tolkien parallels were kind of painful at times . 
  the end , especially , felt like paolini read the lord of the rings and said `` yeah , i want my ending to be bittersweet like this , too '' , and then had eragon ride off into the sunset without actually establishing a * good * reason that it needed to happen . 
  their algorithm generates a larger list , and then they hand pick the 5 winners . 
  this allows them to avoid having a trending subreddit that might paint reddit in a bad light to newcomers , but more interestingly it also allows them to create some interesting narratives with the trending subreddits , on occasion . 
  no silly , he 's the descendant of isildur , and rightful heir to the throne of gondor . 
  hahaha wow . 
  when you put it like that ... yeah ... 
  the pixel did n't . 
  i am loath to be an apple apologist , but there is * some * degree of sense . 
  they are n't * only * pushing people to wireless headphones ( though it does seem as though they view wireless as the future -- which i personally hate , i 've used bluetooth headphones and they 're terrible for a bunch of reasons ) ; they also have in the box an adapter for regular wired headphones . 
  carrying an adapter is obviously less than ideal , but it 's normal in times of transition -- how often , these days , do you see people carrying around usb to ethernet adapters , or usb dvd drives , with their laptops ? 
  the move , in the long run , is to using the charging port for headphones as well . 
  which makes it a damn shame that they did n't switch to usb-c at the same time . 
  as it is , we could very well end up with no less than three different ports that wired earphones have to be manufactured with . 
  usb c , lightning bolt ( or whatever apple 's one is called ) , and standard 3.5 mm , which is gon na suck . 
  it 's worth noting that upvotes do n't mean much , either . 
  it could mean `` i like this idea , bit have n't read it yet and want more people to see and critique it '' , or it could mean `` i think this is really well made '' or `` i like this , but i 'm not sure how well balanced it is and i 'd like more reviews of it '' , or probably other things as well . 
  just an fyi , the expression is `` per se '' . 
  latin is weird . 
  i think that 's what they mean , effectively . 
  removing just hides them from public view . 
  people with the permalink can still access it and see the link . 
  considering the author chose to be anonymous , i do n't really think it matters too much . 
  though i must say , i think the title op chose is a terrible one . 
  the brilliance in this story is the twist ending , and calling them out as sith in the title ruins that . 
  [ star wars d6 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_wars:_the_roleplaying_game ) . 
  says it in the first line . 
  feel free to ask around for ideas in the arcana forge but outside events and the arcana forge all posts have to have homebrew that is at least complete in terms of material presented even if its not balanced or fleshed out . 
  this post does n't have homebrew that is fleshed out enough to be a post of its own on unearthed arcana , so i am removing it . 
  honestly , shakespeare came to mind for me when i just read the title , even before i looked at the picture or saw what subreddit it was in . 
  that probably made the connection a lot easier * after * i saw the picture . 
  that 's alright , i thought it was a nor gate at first , on account of the dots they used to symbolise where the wires connect . 
  it 's not a jargon definition , it 's the * only * definition . 
  or at least , it 's the `` proper '' definition . 
  the `` general '' definition , as you put it , is n't something with a precise definition and thus is n't applicable to formal logic . 
  yeah same . 
  back when they first got access to the translink info i used both google and translink 's app , but i 've found google to be nearly perfectly reliable that i basically never look at translink 's app anymore . 
  holy shit that 's a thing that can happen ? 
  so glad i just ate pumpkin soup with a spoon for like a week after mine ... that 's terrifying . 
  they 're making another ? 
  but the first was so awful ... 
  inb4 asking price $ 600 . 
  because legends is far and away the worst of the shows . 
  it 's not even a contest . 
  lot does n't even try to be half decent . 
  going from worst to best :, 
  legends, 
  flash, 
  arrow, 
  supergirl, 
  constantine gets top place , if you count it . 
  i watched the first season of vixen but do n't remember to enough to know where i 'd rank it . 
  have n't watched anything else . 
  honestly , it 's pretty close for me between the top three shows in the list there . 
  the only clear thing is that legends is bloody awful . 
  i 'm in agreement with you so much right now that it physically hurts . 
  a lot of people say they love it because it is n't serious , but the fact that it does n't even * try * to be good is what ruins it for me . 
  i saw the following exchange on my sister 's dc tumblr page a while back , and thought it was really amusing . 
       because unlike him , kate kane is actually good at keeping a secret identity , not like her cousin mr ` i lost my parents to crime and now the exact moment i returned to the city there 's a well funded costumed vigilante waging a one man war on crime ', 
      `` a muscular , extremely fit billionaire whose parents were murdered by criminals and who can afford everything he wants or needs , has dedicated his life to improving gotham 's quality of life and has his own branch of research in to extremely sophisticated technology is the perfect cover for batman 's secret identity !, 
  no one will suspect a thing ! '', 
      http://68.media.tumblr.com/55ab34b7e71232a64359ae271446daee/tumblr_inline_o7iz5iorrr1rgllyr_500.gif, 
     omg that perfect gif use though o.o, 
     one of my favourite things about the nolan movies was how it had lucius fox work out that bruce was batman in about five seconds and spend the next three movies basically going ` i have your new not batman gadgets ready for the not batman things you will be doing this week that definitely do n't involve being batman mr wayne ', 
    he is warned by alfred not to outright say it , so it does n't hurt bruce 's feelings . 
   bruce is so convinced he is the best at secret identities , no one has the heart to tell him, 
  yeah , i 've heard about it from around a few places now ; it 's an extension of the `` sponsored cards '' type of ad . 
  it 's a well-known phenomenon that high levels of stress ( such as having your home invaded by an army of terrorists ) can induce premature labour . 
  that 's not convenient , it 's realistic . 
  meelo was fucking awful . 
  he gets * a little * better in later seasons , but not much . 
  the romance all throughout korra is widely regarded as pretty terrible . 
  but to be honest , when i 've more recently watched the last airbender , i 've thought the romance in that was ... less than stellar , too . 
  i wo n't say whether or not you should keep watching , but i will say this . 
  regardless of whether or not this thread convinces you to keep watching , you should probably at least finish the first season ( since you 're close to being done anyway ) , just to get the feeling for how their storytelling goes .
