   we , as consumers , can see on our receipt exactly how much is being added as taxes, 
  i get this here in australia . 
  it has the original price , and then below it says `` gst included in total '' , and gives the amount in tax . 
   retailers might jack their prices up slightly when a new tax law is enacted, 
  fair point . 
   ultimately , there is no disadvantage to showing sales tax separately from product price, 
  god no . 
  it has very distinct disadvantages . 
  it makes people think things are cheaper than they really are , it causes difficulties when people pay in cash ( ca n't as easily have the right amount ready ) . 
  the most important thing , though , is the psychological effect it has on the buyer , who will not ( even if he is intelligent enough to consciously recognise that it 's `` plus tax '' ) fully factor in the tax that goes on top , unless he 's willing to actually go to the effort of doing what should have already been done by the seller . 
  as i understand it , the reason for it in america is that sales taxes are different in each state . 
  while this is an issue in itself that would ideally be rectified shortly ( but wo n't , because `` states rights '' are so fucking important for some reason ) , i 'm not sure it 's entirely relevant . 
  it would n't be that difficult to have the prices on stickers be different in each state , and only tv ads would need to left vague . 
  at the very least , they should specifically say `` plus tax '' . 
  your rights end where mine begin . 
  if you 're doing something that infringes on my right ( in this case , my right to breath clean air ) , then you are in the wrong . 
  eat as much fatty food as you like , have unprotected sex ( assuming both parties are consenting to it being so ) , give yourself skin cancer . 
  fine . 
  just do n't smoke near me . 
  i did this . 
  my dad was accessing porn on my computer ( the one with the best internet in the house ) . 
  i go to enter my room , discover it 's locked . 
  he calls something to the effect of `` just a minute '' , and in a few seconds he leaves . 
  i go to close my door -- the handle 's sticky . 
  i sit down at my computer -- keyboard and mouse are sticky . 
  checked my history , nothing too crazy , but it still weirded me out . 
  i went and blocked all the porn sites from the first 3 pages googling `` porn '' , in chrome , firefox , and ie . 
  he could have gotten around it just by entering chrome 's incognito mode ( this was before extensions could work in incognito ) , but i 'm pretty sure after he first realised it was n't working , he probably just gave up and would n't have even tried another browser . 
  later heard him talking to someone about this in a derogative way , saying how i had porn blocked on my computer ( like it meant i 'm like , ultra conservative or something , i guess ) . 
  like i would n't know how to get around it if i wanted , on account of the fact that i put it in place . 
  to be fair , i actually * did n't * masturbate or look at porn at the time ( i was 16 ) . 
  my parents were absolutely damn certain i was gay for a while . 
  took a while to convince them they were wrong . 
  ( not sure what changed their mind , but i still have n't had a serious girlfriend . ), 
  i had one during highschool , but we never really did anything and ended up being much better as friends . 
  i 'm sure that did n't help the image . 
  i do n't remember it , which one ? 
  his arse . 
  i 'm ambidextrous but closer to lefty :(, 
  so damn close . 
  oh wow , i never knew that they did that . 
  thanks for the info , yeah , that would seem to be the perfect solution . 
  it was * ok * . 
  hey guys , is it possible to give \u2202 to the op for changing my own view ? 
  but in many cases people talk about just the opposite of that . 
  the general argument is not that doctors should be allowed to end their life at will , but that people should themselves be able to opt in to it , similar to one might opt in to being an organ donor . 
  no , it 's not . 
   [ assisted suicide is where the patient actively takes the last step in their death . 
  the term `` assisted suicide '' is contrasted with `` active euthanasia '' when the difference between providing the means and actively administering lethal medicine is considered important , though in practice , the distinction can appear very hard to draw . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voluntary_euthanasia#assisted_suicide ), 
  to be honest , there 's a very fine line between the two in some cases , but i 'd argue it 's irrelevant to this discussion . 
  i do n't think anyone seriously disagrees with your main point . 
  having only two parties is similar to having a duopoly in a market , and is most definitely a bad thing for consumers ( in the case of politics , `` consumers '' means the entire population ) . 
  however , the main issue is , what is the alternative ? 
  under your current voting system , there is n't an option to vote third party , it would be a wasted vote unless a majority could change in one cycle . 
  any third party would only take away votes from the party that is most similar ( i.e. , another left-wing party would take votes from the democrats , or a right-wing one from the republicans ) . 
  this system is not the fault of these major parties , it 's the fault of the people who initially set up your constitution . 
  the only way to fix it would be by changing the system for voting from a first past the post to something like mixed-member proportional or instant runoff . 
  my main point is , what is the point of your post , and what would you propose in order to change the situation ? 
  population density is based on the population density at each of the corners of the fields . 
   we are experiencing heavy load at the moment . 
  if you have trouble sending , please try again shortly . 
  aww , the ddos of love !, 
   but that would suggest that the size of the field is n't relevant to the number of mus, 
  what ? 
  it also takes into account the area . 
  it 's a function involving the three population densities and area , as well as whatever else ( some constants or whatever ) . 
  no you were n't . 
  it was n't irrational at all :(, 
  just so you know , both the comment i 'm replying to and your `` ah yes thats definitely it '' comment were double posts . 
  but regarding this one , i thought that phrase was more of an allusion to the size of the empire . 
  it went , at one point , from new zealand and australia in the east , across to india , then mother england , and then to canada . 
  it literally was always sunny somewhere in the british empire . 
  look mate , i 'm sorry , but he 's right . 
  they had the rights to be there , just as you did . 
  and it 's not unethical to be recording people in a public place without their permission in a public place . 
  they reacted to you unprofessionally , but then you behaved in a completely dickish way by going up to them like that to begin with . 
  but it 's not up to the subjects of the filming . 
  it 's up to the owners of the location . 
  yeah , i know that . 
  what i was getting at was that the way your constitution is written ( or , rather , the way your voting system was designed , which i assume is a part of the constitution ) forces it to tend towards a two-party system . 
  yes , composers compose based on what sounds good to them . 
  however , over time , composers have discovered certain rules that help determine what music sounds good in a more general sense . 
  human tastes have changed over time , but during the baroque period , parallel fifths were considered uninteresting , and those composers of music from the time would use their reason to not write a parallel fifth in their counterpoint . 
  in pop music , it has been decided that using the i , v , vi , and iv chords sounds nice , and so many pop musicians will write using those four chords . 
  there 's a good chance that they know g , d , am , and c chords , and just play those over and over again : they may not even consider using anything else ( particularly amateur songwriters ) . 
  there may be a number of other things that would sound nice , however those chords are known to sound good , so it is by using logic that those chords have become popular . 
  i hope this addresses your post . 
  it seemed quite vague , so i apologise if i 've interpreted it completely incorrectly . 
  i agree with you , but i 'll try and argue the opposite just to be devil 's advocate . 
  op believes bullying can serve to improve people . 
  in the case of height and hair colour there 's obviously nothing they can do to change their genetics , but the case of someone who 's `` dumb '' or `` fat '' , there is ( or rather * may be * ) something they can do about it . 
  if you 're dumb ( without any learning difficulties ) you can put in more effort to improve yourself . 
  if you 're fat , you can try to eat more healthily and exercise more . 
  if bullying helps make them do this [ by the way , i believe it * wo n't * , but some may think it does , anyway , if it does ] , then surely that 's a good thing ? 
  again , i do n't agree with this , but i feel it 's a reasonable counterargument . 
  i find it rather obnoxious to correct people for accents if they have n't demonstrated the ability to write accents . 
  c'est tr\u00e8s facile si vous avez un mac , but on windows it can be a lot more difficult if you do n't know the alt codes or install an extra keyboard . 
  so i tend to give people the benefit of the doubt . 
  there 's an old man sitting next to me,
