  or do you read it control alt delete ? 
  it 's a phrase that 's commonplace in society today , and serves as evidence that most people know ctrl is short for control . 
  ok , i want to start out by saying i 'm downvoting you not because you 're disagreeing , but because you 're being an absolute dick about it in that last paragraph of yours . 
  i hope that should you choose to continue this conversation , you will make an attempt to be civil ( and also remember to abide by rediquette ) . 
  i 'm going to end up repeating a lot of what was in that video , but i feel it 's necessary because you do n't seem to be understanding it . 
  i 've done a bit of research into the matter following your comment , and it would seem that saying `` hold * down * the fort '' is indeed commonplace and even accepted in america , but that does n't mean the phrase makes any sense . 
  similarly , `` i could care less '' is quite commonly said , and makes no sense either ( that 's the subject of the earlier half of the video i linked ) . 
  the phrase , however you want to say it , means to take charge of something and keep it running . 
  its derivation comes from the idea of defending a castle against attackers , in particular when someone else has left you alone to do it . 
  a fort is n't , as he said , going to float away without your weight in it ; a bouncy castle is neither a fort , nor what the phrase is ostensibly referring to . 
  my brief research would imply that you 're right , it is an american phrase ( by which i mean it found its most popular early usage in america -- it was not originally coined there ) , but that there are very few ( the essay i found this from could not find * any * ) uses -- even in the states -- of `` hold down the fort '' prior to 1927 , while `` hold the fort '' has been used since at least 1736 . 
  floating has nothing to do with it , and frankly does n't make sense . 
  sources :, 
  i share similar views to you , however i do believe that there is no god . 
  i 'm also agnostic , because like yourself i recognise that we can not * know * there is no god . 
  however , i choose to identify as atheist simply because the amount of evidence in science that disproves all existing theories of god ( i.e. , that of the vast majority of modern and historical religions ) is overwhelming . 
  perhaps there is a god , but he does not interact in the world in any way . 
  if a deist god does exist ( i.e. , a god that created the world and then does not interact with it ) , then so what ? 
  he has zero impact on your life , or those of any other thing that exists in the universe today , and you have no way for that to change . 
  this viewpoint causes the debate of whether or not a god actually exists to be meaningless , and so for all intents and purposes , if you subscribe to this viewpoint , you are atheistic . 
  perhaps this deist god has some sort of afterlife , but in that case , again , we have no way of knowing how he decides who gets in or why . 
  perhaps he 's a `` good '' god who lets the righteous get in to his `` heaven '' , but he could equally be malevolent , and so evil people reap the rewards . 
  so again , arguing whether or not he exists is pointless , and his impact is nill . 
  because his impact is nill , believing in him means nothing , and so there 's no reason to believe in him or consider that he may exist , so why not just go around believing he does n't ? 
  tl ; dr , the entire argument is pointless if you already believe in a non-interventionist deity . 
  as ** an alternate way of arguing ** that you could call yourself atheist ( and a completely unrelated argument to the one before ) , the term `` atheist '' comes from the prefix `` a - '' meaning `` not '' or `` without '' , and `` theist '' , which today refers to people who believe in an * interventionist * god . 
  for some reason , atheist tends to be used by people who believe in no god at all , but its etymology suggests it should be used by anyone who does not believe in an interventionist god , and thus people who believe in a non-interventionist deity would be encompassed by this term . 
  you seem to be of this mindset , so perhaps the title still fits you . 
  i misread title as `` habit '' , and was expecting the top comment to be some clever way of saying that their habit is reddit . 
  just so you know , yes , you can use the \u2202 ( but a capital one ) . 
   whenever a comment causes you ( op or not ) to change your view in any way , please announce it by replying with a single delta and an explanation of how your view has been modified , reworded , or otherwise changed, 
  the most important points seem to have been covered already , but i 'll try and cyv on some of the other minor ones . 
   3d helps to stratify the film industry and make it inaccessible to new filmmakers who ca n't shell out millions to pay for 3d cameras or 3d conversion in post-production, 
  3d cameras are already highly accessible to filmmakers . 
  considering even low-level `` professional '' camera gear is already going to run you well over $ 1000 , you can get 3d using 2 gopro cameras plus an $ 80 attachment . 
  it 's not yet at the standard that a filmmaker would want , but it 's showing that the concept is getting there . 
  you can also get far better ( though still not professional quality ) ones for very low prices [ here ] ( http://3d-camera-review.toptenreviews.com/ ) . 
  nothing on that site is over $ 900 . 
  of course , they 're not ready for low-budget films to use at high quality yet , but they will get there . 
  when digital cameras started coming out , the same issue applied . 
  to get good quality ones , they would have been expensive and inaccessible to those on a lower budget . 
  but now anyone can buy a very good digital camera for around the $ 1000 -- $ 1500 mark . 
   3d makes filmmakers increasingly reliant on the funding of major studios , allowing the studios greater control over the film , which in turn dilutes the filmmaker 's vision, 
  the same points as above apply , but additionally the ( unrelated ) growth of alternate funding models such as crowd funding via kickstarter and the like , mean that major studios are becoming less and less relevant for anything other than the absolute biggest-budget films . 
  they 're only going to become less relevant over time . 
   the wonder of 3d is very short-lived , the only people who are really impressed by 3d are children , or manchildren, 
  it 's been around now as a major feature for nearly 4 years ( since cameron 's avatar ) . 
  that 's a long enough time , in my opinion , that we can say it 's probably not going away . 
  virtually every major studio blockbuster is now offered in 3d : it has n't started fading away . 
  additionally , when done well ( i.e. , subtly , adding a sense of visual depth to the film , rather than the in-your-face jumping of earlier 3d films ) , it can be enjoyable to anyone , not just children . 
  this relates to / u/mayoneggz 's point . 
  i 'm guessing that by `` first bit '' he means the section before the first hyphen . 
  i dunno exactly what that is , but it 's mostly likely at least 3 characters ( 46,656 possibilities ) or 4 ( 1,679,616 ) so yes , definitely is a bit silly . 
  yes !, 
  aom vanilla is available for os x. 
  unfortunately , aot expansion was n't made , as far as i 'm aware . 
  i ca n't speak to its playability : i never played it on a mac , but it is at least available . 
  i remember one of my favourite maps . 
  all players would be kronos , and all but two ( the defenders ) would start in one corner , while the other two ( attackers ) would be in the opposite corner . 
  building was set to super fast , but you could only build walls , towers , and those teleporting things . 
  the defenders started closed in between terrain and two gates of troy , and had to quickly build up large defenses to survive as long as they can ( if they made it past a certain time , i think they won , i forget ) . 
  the map itself was made up of relatively thin passages with some larger areas to stand in and defend . 
  the attackers used that `` move a unit onto a statue to spawn that type of unit '' style that was common in custom maps , and then near the end i think they got titans . 
  it was super fun , i musta spent hours on that one map alone . 
  do you still get custom maps like this one ? 
  ( oh , and if anyone can point me to that exact map , i 'd be super grateful ! ), 
  i dunno what it 's like now , but i was mainly playing on the eso servers around 2007 -- 8 , and nearly everyone had the expansion . 
  man , i loved aom !, 
  was my favourite game to play online before my disk broke :(, 
  story ( this happened around 2008 ) :, 
  i had a legitimate copy of aom from its original publisher , microsoft game studios , and i absolutely loved playing it . 
  i could spend hours online playing a variety of custom maps . 
  at some point , my disk broke , and i could n't play anymore . 
  so when i got back to australia ( was living overseas at the time -- legit games were hard to come by ) i went down to a store to buy another copy , and the only copies available were ubisoft published . 
  i buy the copy , and leave the store glad to finally be done with that , and excited to go back and play again . 
  not long after i left the store , i read the back of the box . 
  turns out it specifically says online play is not available . 
  had i known this beforehand , i would n't have bothered buying it , i could easily play without online by pirating . 
  i never bought a game for myself for 5 years after that , and even then only steam . 
  and i 'll never buy anything from ubisoft again . 
  fuck them . 
  but back on track , this is awesome . 
  if there 's seriously a good community still going with plenty of people available to play 24/7 -- and a bunch of good custom maps -- i might just get back into it . 
  have you considered submitting this to / r/classicalmusic ? 
  i 'm sure they 'd love it over there !, 
  ( i know i loved it ! ), 
  edit : looking over your history , i 'm surprised you have n't submitted more to r/classicalmusic . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09mhuw-ve80&amp; ), 
  [ playing with more exotic scales ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3i80ypc6d8 ), 
  [ whitacre ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqpsmkggkkw ), 
  i definitely got ta get my hands on one of them . 
  anybody know of some good cheap ones for the nexus 4 ? 
  video * reviews * are and should remain legal . 
  if nintendo is really putting ads on those ones , then they 're at fault and hopefully appeals from the youtubers will see it fixed . 
  however , the `` let 's play '' type videos , and other videos where they just show large amounts of gameplay with a bit of commentary over the top , are quite clearly not fair use . 
   retailers can make their price appear lower , and thus more marketable, 
  this is a benefit how ? 
  sure , for the business , perhaps , but surely it should n't be them that we cater to ?
