  i 'm curious , is that because he 's already stated it will be his last term , or does the south australia parliament have term limits ? 
  i got it in 1 second once . 
  clicked the first square and it was somehow in the right configuration that this auto-cleared the whole board for me . 
   decent company, 
  [ i would beg to differ ] ( http://youtu.be/sabl2wy1uzo ) . 
  [ another example ] ( http://thenextweb.com/insider/2012/09/02/heres-samsung-flew-bloggers-halfway-around-world-threatened-leave/ ) . 
  i did n't even know there were sequels to aladdin ... 
  oh god please do n't say that . 
  zuckerman actually makes really good music . 
  i know you said visual boy does n't work , but i 'm wondering if it 's because you 've got the wrong version or something . 
  [ this works fine for me ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0bxesad6u4hetvvjtmxb6bjdnvgc/edit?usp=sharing ) . 
  just double-check that you 've got gatekeeper set to allow applications from anywhere . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  my point is that zimmer does n't . 
  yeah , zimmer definitely has some good music . 
  i just find him really overrated . 
  [ i 've shared my thoughts before ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/20oycb/whats_the_worst_movie_you_love/cg5k05v?context=2 ) , so i wo n't go on a long rant again . 
  it 's weird to think that with a tunnel connecting that you could travel from thurso in far northern scotland to rio gallegos at the southern tip of argentina completely by land-based transportation ( driving , walking , trains , etc. 
  i 'm surprised no one 's mentioned the old reader . 
  it was designed to be a replacement to google reader back when reader removed its social features . 
  personally i never used them , and i still do n't use them in the old reader , but the functionality and interface is basically identical to google reader . 
  the only two disadvantages compared to google reader that i 've encountered : they have a limit on how many feeds you can have for free ( 100 , which serves my and my ~ 50 feeds just fine ) , and you can either sort in reverse chronological or chronological order , but not different orders based on which feed ( at least as far as i can tell ) . 
  the title probably threw you off , since it just says `` 2022 olympics '' , rather than actually specifying that it 's the * winter * olympics . 
  2020 and 2024 will be the olympics , but 2022 in winter olympics . 
  the standard is to do it by number of gold medals , using silver as a tie breaker . 
  but yeah , that basically means it 's either going to be the host country or one of about 3 others every time . 
  true , but we have standard east and west hemispheres , separated by the prime meridian ( which runs through london ) . 
  still , unlike the equator , the prime meridian is a completely arbitrary line , so in theory one could construct east and west hemispheres differently . 
  it basically is . 
  the americas , most of the british isles ( but not all ) , about a quarter of france , most of the iberian peninsula , and the western tip of africa ( from about morocco and c\u00f4te d'ivoire over ) . 
  oh , and iceland . 
  to be honest i think that at least basketball , and quite possibly a few of the others you mentioned ( i do n't actually know enough about the sports to say ) , should be removed from the olympics altogether . 
  the olympics should be the pinnacle of sport . 
  for any sport in the olympics , this should be the biggest achievement in that sport . 
  sports like basketball and soccer have their own events which are much more important ( the nba and fifa , in those cases ) . 
  [ such a waste of talent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lynnm3l12fa ) . 
  hence `` it * basically * is '' . 
   adelaide now, 
  to clarify it for everyone , this took place in the state of south australia . 
  the age of consent in sa is 17 . 
  if the victim is 16 or older and the accused is either under 17 or had reason to believe the victim was 17 , then this can be used as a defense . 
  there is no other provision ( that i can find ) for children of similar ages . 
  none of those conditions are met in this case . 
  i ca n't see any legal reason that the girl should be charged , or that the boy should n't be charged , at least as far as the law goes . 
  i 'd be glad for someone more versed in sa 's consent laws to explain it to me , if there is a reason , though . 
   do you have a mobile plan ? 
  while your given answers to this question certainly were n't * wrong * or even * bad * at all , you could be missing out on some information here . 
  there 's a difference between a mobile plan on a contract , for example , and one that is off contract . 
   too much of a hasslehoff, 
  is that meant to be a joke , or did you just mean to type `` hassle '' ? 
  for countries , next time try to use a drop down menu , it looks much nicer . 
  anyway , i hope you share the results with us when you 're done . 
  yeah having to jump that far out and up would be absolutely awful ( i mean ... worse than doing it normally ) . 
  i can see why you 'd say that . 
  the perspective makes it look really short . 
  i 'm sure op knows how tall it needs to be to be useful , though . 
  it almost certainly is n't as short as it looks . 
  that 's true , but you seemed to be correcting my previous statement that it basically is true . 
  as a generalisation , it does n't seem too bad to say that the western hemisphere is the americas , and the eastern hemisphere is everywhere else . 
  sure , it 's not * quite * true , but it 's so damn close to true that you can get away with saying that . 
  basketball and handball i 'll agree with you , but i certainly would n't ever think of badminton , volleyball , or ping pong as being winter sports . 
  i 'd probably think of soccer as more of a winter sport than those . 
  that 's not to say i disagree with your idea , just that the specific sports you mentioned do n't seem the best fit to me . 
  read the post i linked below for part of my explanation regarding this . 
  my problems with zimmer 's music are actually somewhat more objective than musical taste . 
  to do with how he uses musical devices and things like leitmotifs for musical symbolism . 
  or , rather , how he does n't do this in nearly as effective a manner as someone like john williams or howard shore ( or , for that matter , zuckerman ) . 
  it 's true that his music does n't fit my personal taste , either , but you can find the same opinion based in the objective qualities from virtually anyone with musical training and composing experience . 
  i feel so lucky that i naturally did pretty well , and also never felt the need to do excellently . 
  watching my sister go through high school now , though . 
  wow . 
  she 's just as naturally talented as me , but she pushes herself so damn hard trying to get extremely good grades . 
  it 's really quite saddening . 
  the classes are extremely flexible . 
  i do n't know who was saying they 're closed . 
  lag is a complete non-issue . 
  i can play from australia ( and during the beta i even played from vietnam ) without experiencing noticeable lag . 
  there were significant bugs early on , but as far as i can tell they 've been fixed . 
  not sure what you mean by empty spaces . 
  you mean areas where nothing happens ? 
  definitely not true . 
  the entire world is in fact * extremely * tight-packed with quests . 
  as for being untes-like . 
  nonsense . 
  this game feels like a tes game in virtually every sense , apart from the simple fact that it 's online . 
   tes games ' strengths lie in the questing , the dialogue , the story telling , the exploring, 
  all of these eso has in spades . 
  there 's certainly an argument to be made that it 's not as sandboxy as the single-player games are , but its story is absolutely solid . 
  every bit as good as skyrim 's or oblivion 's . 
   how does that fly when you 're sharing space with thousands of other figures of prophecy ? 
  it 's surprisingly easy to forget , actually . 
  you play through it , and the main questline has you being the chosen one in the same way other tes games do . 
  of course , there are other people doing the same quests at the same time , but for the most part it 's incredibly easy to treat the other players in the same way you 'd treat npcs . 
  as other people who just happen to be there -- possibly helping you , possibly just incidental . 
  if you stop and try to think about it for a moment , sure , it becomes really weird that there 's dozens of `` chosen ones '' running around , but it 's super easy to ignore . 
   eso is n't even canon with the other tes games, 
  got a source on that ? 
  it takes place in the same universe , albeit at a much earlier time than the other games , and it is largely consistent . 
  i 've not heard any official claim that it 's not canon , and to be frank i 'd be upset if they decided to go that route . 
  in the act and vic two people within two years of each other are permitted .
