  i 've really never understood why it is n't a much more common law worldwide , seeing as you are n't only endangering yourself , but all others in your car . 
  i feel like `` modern * corruption * of the original saying '' would be a more appropriate way of terming it . 
  yep , that 's it . 
  i think it was in an article on cracked recently . 
  and do n't worry , hardly any people know it 's meant to be used in this way , so when you see them using it , they probably mean it in the corrupted way ( i.e. , in the opposite way to its original meaning ) . 
  holst hated his suite the planets for how much attention it got compared to his other pieces , which he considered better . 
  so much so , that when pluto was discovered ( which was during his lifetime ) , he refused to write a movement for it . 
  indeed . 
  if moore 's law stays in effect ( though i believe many think it wo n't last that long ) , 10 years should see about 6 doublings in power , so taking today 's standard as 4 gb , in 10 years it would be 256 gb of ram as a kind of standard amount ( maybe you 'll have 128 for a slightly older one , and possibly as low as 64 gb for a really cheapo computer ) . 
  again , that is if and only if moore 's law is still applicable in 10 years . 
  actually , diaeresis and umlaut refer to two different things , which just happen to use the same diacritic mark . 
  diaeresis is used to denote a hiatus , which is when two vowels are placed next to each other , but are a part of two different syllables ( as in the words hiatus and diaeresis , between the first and second syllables ) . 
  umlaut is used to notate the sound shift used in , among other languages , german . 
  a general term that encompasses both of these diacritic marks is a * trema * . 
  eh , in english it 's incredibly common to leave out accents over words that should have accents . 
  you 're just being a pedantic arse by trying to correct it . 
  that said , i always try to use the correct accents where appropriate , but i do n't ( except in special circumstances ) correct people for getting it wrong , * especially * when done on a computer , where if you do n't know what you 're doing , it can be difficult to do . 
  but i agree , there 's absolutely nothing wrong with loving one particular composer from * any * genre or time period of music , and not loving others from the same time period . 
  where it gets odd is , as you said , if you claim to love a particular composer whilst only knowing a handful of their works , or when claiming to love a genre/time period whilst only knowing one or two composers who fit that genre/time period . 
  just a correction ( because the formatting messed you up , i assume you know this anyway ), 
  eh , i never really * tried * to memorise it , it just kinda happened . 
  that 's as far as i 've ever gotten , and i 've never tried to go any further . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , i 'm also a pedantic arse a lot of the time . 
  just not about this one thing . 
  i do also prefer to use the accents myself , and it does irk me if people do n't use the accents ( at least in some circumstances , it does n't bother me too much with pok\u00e9mon or caf\u00e9 , for example , but does for french when using the perfect tense ) , i just understand why they do n't , because it 's awkward and difficult ( on windows , anyway ) . 
  this thread is really refreshing . 
  i was beginning to think i was the only one that hated that half life 3 shit . 
  is there any nudity in it ? 
  it 's probably partly the teeth , but i think there 's something about their faces , too , that look incredibly american . 
  i ca n't really put my finger on it , though ... 
  uhh ... graduation in the southern hemisphere is usually november-december ... 
  yup , that 's what i was referencing . 
  i heard a year or two ago that it was originally expected to end around 2015 , but they had then changed that prediction such that it would actually last until around 2020 or so . 
  i may be misremembering slightly , though . 
  yeah , thanks !, 
  context is always helpful , especially on reddit where a lot of people tend to assume everyone else gets the same pop culture references they will . 
  i see five elevenths lame jokes , five elevenths complaints about lame jokes , and one small thread ( thankfully , it 's at the top ) actually discussing the politics of the east sea / sea of japan . 
  i probably should be shaving about 3 times a week , but i make do on 1 . 
  donkey 's explanation is a great one , but to provide some extra context , the reason no one explained it in the comments is that * literally * every australian kid watches play school . 
  it 's been around for a long time , so even older people watched it when they were growing up . 
  ok , by literally i do actually mean figuratively , but the amount is probably well over 90 % . 
  so every australian knows it , and thus it does n't need to be explained for other aussies . 
  edit : [ according to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/play_school_ ( australian_tv_series ) ) , it 's estimated that 80 % of pre-school kids watch it at least once a week . 
  if you were to expand that to be the amount of australians who watch it a few times a year , it would obviously rise a bit , but probably not too much more . 
  still , 80 % is an incredibly high amount , so that does explain its ubiquity and the lack of need for explanations . 
  editedit : reddit does n't like links that end with a bracket . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/play_school_ ( australian_tv_series ), 
  haha thanks for this . 
  i was looking for it the other day . 
  found it eventually , but by god it took longer than it should have . 
  i wish labor would be less conservative ... 
   the thing about steam is that i have all the games on my computer, 
  and , more importantly , it 's super easy to reinstall them if you get a new computer . 
  on the other hand ,, 
   then i can play them in offline mode indefinitely, 
  sometimes . 
  offline mode seams to work intermittently , with no real rhyme or reason to when it wants to work . 
  for someone who is frequently in the situation where offline mode is necessary , this is a huge disadvantage . 
  you can !? 
  wow , awesome !, 
  til, 
  yeah , the peace treaty was never signed , so they are at a state of cease fire ( or , rather , they were until north korea recently rescinded that ) . 
  however , another similarly interesting fact is that the korean war * also * never really * started * . 
  war was never officially declared , either . 
  this seems like a really interesting topic for discussion . 
  however , i do n't think south korea would be very pleased * at all * with china taking over some of the korean peninsula . 
  the overwhelming feeling in korea is that the north is their family ( in both a literal and figurative sense -- many families were split by the war ) , and that a full reunification would be the most desirable outcome . 
  koreans are also inanely nationalistic , and i think the idea if china taking what was historically their land would be incredibly insulting to them . 
  this seems like a really interesting topic for discussion . 
  however , i do n't think south korea would be very pleased * at all * with china taking over some of the korean peninsula . 
  the overwhelming feeling in korea is that the north is their family ( in both a literal and figurative sense -- many families were split by the war ) , and that a full reunification would be the most desirable outcome . 
  koreans are also inanely nationalistic , and i think the idea if china taking what was historically their land would be incredibly insulting to them . 
  i really should get around to reading 1984 , should n't i ? 
  please somebody find a source for this . 
  yeah , but you ca n't telemann that , it only leads to treble . 
  i can easily reach the opposite corner of my nexus 4 , but not without accidentally palming the bottom corner of the screen , which can be very problematic . 
  pretty cool , but a hexadecimal comment translator would be cooler . 
  4d 61 6e 79 20 74 68 61 6e 6b 73, 
  i do n't know where you are , but i would not consider 15 \u02da to be a `` normal '' day . 
  sure , it 's far from being extreme cold ( like 15 \u02daf would be ) , but unless you 're in canada or scandinavia or something , that 's not shorts weather . 
  i 'd say a `` normal '' day is something more along the lines of 22 -- 24 , with 28 -- 30 being pretty hot , but still fairly normal , and anything over about 32 -- 34 is really hot . 
   only one answer really makes sense here, 
  it depends on what point you 're trying to make . 
  you could be saying 15 \u02daf does n't make sense because it 's just so damn cold you 'd have to be stupid to go running , or 15 \u02dac does n't make sense because that 's not cold enough to make a deal out of . 
  depending on where you 're from , either one of those could be wrong . 
  if you 've only ever lived in the tropics , 15 \u02dac might feel bloody freezing and there 's no way you 'd want to go out . 
  if you 've only ever lived in far north canada , 15 \u02daf might be bearable for a run . 
  also australia ( brisbane ) and there 's no way i 'll wear shorts on a cold winter day , except when exercising . 
  edit ( i could 've sworn i wrote this in before ... ) : i guess it 's just a matter of preference , really , and what you personally can stand . 
  does n't sound classical to me . 
  sounds like it could be from some sort of video game ( quite possibly japanese ) , or tv show . 
  if not that , i 'd say it 's pop or something . 
  i feel the only time lefties are disadvantages is when trying to do precise work ( image editing/graphics in particular ) with a mouse ( if they 're used to using their right hand , as most of us are ) . 
  admittedly , most serious artists have a graphics tablet anyway , but for those of us that regularly use photoshop , aperture , or similar tools , in a purely casual way , it can be a disadvantage . 
  i use a cheapo microsoft mouse . 
  i like it for the thumb and pinky buttons , as well as a tilting scroll wheel . 
  i 'm not a * serious * gamer , so i 'm not too worried about high performance anyway . 
  when using a mouse , it 's always in my right hand , with the left hand able to do other things such as press keyboard shortcuts or , while gaming , wasd . 
  on my laptop ( mbp ) i use the built-in trackpad , and depending on how i 'm sitting or what i 'm doing , i may use either right or left hand . 
  for example , when playing games ( yes , i game with a trackpad and on a mac ) , it 's nearly always my right hand to allow the left hand to rest on the keyboard .
