  kinda . 
  sorry for the crap image , ca n't upload it straight to imgur since my desktop does n't have internet at the moment . 
  but anyway , that 's from the credits of one of the first handful of episodes . 
  not only are the `` he 's not doctor who , he 's just the doctor '' people wrong , so are the `` you ca n't write it dr '' ones . 
  i also do n't follow it , but i remember reading on the wiki or somewhere that he could regenerate 12 times , i think . 
  that would make the current doctor ( the 12th one , i think ) the second last doctor ( since the first doctor was around and had regenerated 0 times ) . 
  but i remember also reading that they had already come up with some excuse that means he 'll be able to regenerate more times . 
  you may very well think that . 
  i could n't possibly comment . 
  my group has a gnome . 
  the player is a fairly inexperienced roleplayer , and we 've only had one session of the campaign so far , but it looks like her character is going to be really interesting . 
  she 's very happy-go-lucky , but also insanely na\u00efve . 
  i definitely remember thinking as i read about the tinker gnomes `` this seems like it would be an awesome fit in eberron . 
  in the forgotten realms , though , they seem ... odd ... '', 
  op did reply . 
  1 hour 6 minutes before you commented . 
  haha no worries . 
  i 've done that before , too . 
  oh god yes this is infuriating . 
  i 'm * really * interested in their service , but without knowing what content they have , i ca n't know if it 's worth it or not . 
  and this lack of assurance is costing them any chance of my patronage . 
  i mean , i guess they do have the 30 day free trial , but it 'd be so much better if i could just see a list of what they 've got and search through it . 
  same goes for netflix . 
  they have n't announced what content they 're going to have when they launch here later this month . 
  hopeuflly there 'll be a list available once they actually have gone public , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  there 's really no learning needed . 
  it 's exactly the same , only instead of being required to number all the way from one to n ( n being the number of candidates running ) , you can just stop at any point . 
  if by the time your vote reaches the last number you numbered , no candidate has reached 50 % , your vote is exhausted -- wasted , essentially . 
  in practice , this means all you need to do is make sure your last vote is labor or liberal . 
  there 's not much more to it . 
   android app does n't work on rooted devices, 
  i ca n't comprehend why they would do this . 
  assuming it 's deliberate , it 's probably because they 're worried about people using the root permissions in order to pirate their stuff or whatever . 
  but that 's * already * completely possible ( and impossible for them to stop ) on desktop operating systems . 
  so why alienate some potential users for something that they 're perfectly capable of doing anyway . 
  i started my igcses in 2008 ( did exam for extended mathematics in may 2009 ) , and i must say i do n't * remember * doing any differentiation . 
  could be that they 've changed the curriculum since then , or just that i do n't remember . 
  but i did igcse advanced mathematics ( exam may 2010 ) , and that absolutely * does * include differentiation . 
  heck , it 's pretty much equivalent to standard level mathematics from ib . 
   players need a handbook, 
  as a bare minimum , not needed . 
  grab the [ free rules off the website ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/basicrules ) if you do n't want to pay . 
   everyone needs dice . 
  again , bare minimum , you could use electronic dice rollers on your phone , or get one set of dice between the group and share them . 
  i would n't * recommend * these : having your own dice is a fun part of the experience , but it 's certainly doable . 
   miniatures are totally optional but do make arbitrating rules easier for neophytes, 
  agreed , though you can get flat tokens for cheaper than proper miniatures , or even use things like lego characters , coins , or anything on hand without needing to pay anything . 
   everyone should read the phb ( player 's handbook ) section on combat before playing as it is the biggest source of confusion , aggravation , and wasted time in my experience, 
  totally agreed , though again they could equally read the relevant section of the free book . 
  other than those minor points , i agree completely . 
  yeah i know , hence the comment . 
  haha no worries mate . 
   where would any drama be without a villain, 
  you 've obviously never played with my group ... 
  nah but seriously , this is a fantastic post , thanks for it . 
  i 'll probably have to refer back to it from time to time . 
  i 've read in the past that this is actually best for overall traffic flow . 
  dunno if that 's true or not , though . 
  nor mine . 
  definitely not a part of standard android , because my nexus does n't do it . 
  i ca n't say i recall hearing it used in australia , or among the british ( mostly english , but a few welsh and scottish ) at the school i went to . 
  i had a campaign start with all the characters in some mysterious unknown plane . 
  none of us knew anyone else . 
  there was an npc who guided us through this dungeon with weird spacey traps like a room that looped back to the entrance , an endless pit , etc. 
  we got to the end and met a mysterious big evil power . 
  the guide explained some mysterious power or something to us , and then the evil guy escaped through a portal and left us . 
  we attempted to fight off his minions , but when we discovered they were to powerful , we followed through the portal . 
  and then we woke up . 
  each of us was back in our homes/where we were before . 
  we had a metallic business card type thing in our pockets , telling us to meet the guide not , where to meet him , and how to arrange travel there . 
  it turned out that first session was a dream . 
  we were called by the npc to help stop the evil guy . 
  at the end of the campaign , we ended up back on that plane , only when we got to that portal it took us to fight the evil guy . 
  it 's an interesting way of starting a campaign , and this specific thing could only work in a high-powered save the world type campaign , but for us it worked really well . 
  i personally feel that any method where you can do a cold opening and have an explanation later is a great way to go about things . 
  yeah i 'm the same . 
  i love my family 's pet cat to bits , but seeing a dog die in a movie or game is very rarely anywhere near as heartbreaking as some people make it out to be . 
  these same people usually have no problem when people die , but an animal dies and suddenly it 's the saddest thing ever . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  or double space at the end of the line . 
  works better for laying out verse . 
  maths , physics , and chemistry hl are widely regarded as the hardest subjects ib offers . 
  regarding ee , it depends on a number of factors , only one of which i 'll touch upon right now . 
  the subject you do it in . 
  english ( or rather , language a1 ) history , geographic , and economics ( if you do it on a microeconomic topic ) are some of the easiest options . 
  maths , sciences , and macroeconomics are a few ones that i would generally strongly recommend staying away from . 
  personally , i would rank the subjects i did as follows : maths hl , physics hl , french sl , economics sl , english sl , music hl . 
  but i was always really bad at second languages , and very good at music . 
  on a more objective scale french would be quite a bit easier than that , and music quite a bit harder ( i was apparently the only person in all the schools in fobissea/fobisia that got a 7 in hl music my year ) . 
  til i 'm asian . 
  i ca n't view source on mobile . 
  could someone please explain why it looks like that ? 
  a couple of years back i watched the two towers with a live orchestra playing the soundtrack . 
  the whole audience laughed when that line in the film came up . 
  yeah i agree . 
  i do ** not ** * accept * any decision that ends in the murder of another human , whether that be state sponsored murder or otherwise . 
  anyone who supports the death penalty in any circumstances is sick . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just how it is . 
  much less in a relatively minor crime like drug smuggling . 
  do n't get me wrong , drug smuggling is a very serious crime , it 's just not nearly on the same level as murder or rape .
