  not to say your argument is n't correct , but that if it is they do it in spite of * this part * of their education . 
  i also can not bring my head around how they teach maths ( sorry , * math * ) . 
  mathematics is a single large interwoven field , it is simply impossible to teach it accurately if you pick and choose certain areas to learn . 
  wow , is that really your experience ? 
  i guess people are stupider than i give them credit for . 
  my experience , especially on reddit , is that people assume the chinese know nothing about what happened , which as i understand it is * slightly * overestimating the power of the chinese government 's censorship . 
  hahaha , yeah , i had that experience with my mum when i was younger . 
  as i got older i learned to successfully be quiet enough not to be noticed , at least during the middle of the night ( as opposed to the early morning ) . 
  oh well , i guess that means your point went through ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand that . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  12 years ago ? 
  in 2000 he had n't done avatar or american dragon ... 
  who were you recognising him as 12 years ago ? 
  i recommend you look up on it . 
  and anyway , i agree that deciding the future of a person 's life at such a young age is wrong ( it 's 18 , by the way , not 14 , but still too young imo ) , but it 's no different to any other system . 
  as i mentioned , america has sats , which are an absolutely horrendous system . 
  the uk has a-levels , and while individual subjects have good curricula , the overall structure of the a-levels is terrible . 
  that 's all the systems i know enough about to mention , but you will see the same thing anywhere you go . 
  anyway , ib is n't designed for everybody . 
  nor should it be considered by everybody . 
  it should only be taken by those that are capable of withstanding its rigour . 
  please , if you have legitimate criticisms of ib , do let me know what they are , but do n't just make up some nonsense about `` class warfare '' . 
  you sound like that `` truth about ib '' website . 
  cheers, 
   site : facebook.com [ your number here ], 
  tried that ? 
  inches are not a correct unit for measuring anything . 
  try centimetres . 
  rs is where i learnt jk . 
  i was in the deep wilderness , and someone offered to protect me while mining or something . 
  then they put on full armour and weapons and said something to the effect of diiiieeeeee !!!!!!, 
  i ran all the way back to this room that was non pvp , before they explained what jk meant . 
  it was worse because my username could be initialised as jc . 
  itunes came out in 2001 , i think . 
  to be in year 4 then they would 've been born somewhere in the range of ' 92 - ' 94 . 
  that makes them between 18 and 20 today . 
  i take it you 're not a particular fan of tolien ? 
  that 's lord the drake to you . 
  haha , he did n't make the joke till we were out there . 
  he was actually really nice and helpful , but i get what you mean . 
  i think ambiwlans is saying you should edit your original post to reflect this new knowledge . 
  more people will see it than will see the reply to it . 
  do you have a particular reason you do n't like bittorrents ? 
  the speed of them is simply amazing , not to mention that they 're resumable ( great for those of us here in asia with unreliable connections ) . 
  personally i prefer demonoid . 
  do n't forget asia !, 
  why not send that reply to the person who is ` more the `` direct '' type of downloader ' , rather than me , who loves torrents . 
  as i mentioned , i love them particularly because of the fact that they 're resumable , unlike downloads from within your browser , in addition to their amazing speed . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  oh , and sorry if that sounded rude ... it was n't meant to be abrasive , just a nice suggestion . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  oh , i did n't know this . 
  ca n't you get around that by setting a maximum number of connections ? 
  many of rose 's studies make pretty decent pieces , but beyond that i do n't know any . 
  main reason i wanted to comment is to make sure you check imslp before buying whatever music you do go for . 
  if it 's old enough to be public domain , you can get it free ( and legally ) from there . 
  edit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brhmhdwnhwq this is the same song , but from the original writer ( of both the real boy named sue , and this parody version ) . 
  ah yes , that does make sense . 
  also , [ there are actual mines used in the episode . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i agree , though i answered no anyway , on the basis that my dad , in his 50s , has learnt to text quite a lot . 
  here in vietnam getting caught really is n't a worry . 
  we just go with whatever the best solution is , and do n't worry about other considerations ( like what 's most likely to get caught ) . 
  since files of many ( 3 + ) gigabytes can take more than a day to download , the resumability of downloads is crucial . 
  i hate leaving my computer on at night . 
  what do you mean keeping every track separate ? 
  like making a new `` instrument '' each time a new person starts ? 
  also i think a pdf and midi , there 's no point in an audio file . 
  midi to transfer most of the stuff , but then a pdf to fix up things not transferred in midi , like trills , triplets ( which sometimes work but often do n't ) , and text , especially dynamics . 
  i 'm interested . 
  what ensemble should it be ? 
  i think string quartet 's a good way to go . 
  it 's small enough to be manageable , but large enough to provide some interesting range . 
  also a sibelius user here :d, 
  but i think they still need a written copy , because many composers would want to see what 's come before to work off of it in some way . 
  still , there 's no real * harm * in adding an audio copy there , so why not throw it in too ? 
  wave and flac files ca n't be opened by * any * composition software . 
  sibelius on windows exports wave , but not flac , but on the mac it exports aac ( iirc ) . 
  a common format needs to be midi or musicxml . 
  i 'm in , but i have a suggestion that would help smooth out the workflow . 
  rather than using mediafire ( which is a pain by itself ) , which works in a very awkward one-way style , if we had a shared dropbox , so everyone would be notified at once when the file is updated . 
  if anyone does n't already have a dropbox , [ then you can click here to get it for free ] ( http://db.tt/iduvspu ) . 
  it would remove the necessity of compressing the folder , uploading to mediafire , making a post ( although we could do this anyway ) , pming each other , etc. 
  plus , this way people whose turn it is n't can see what going on as it goes on . 
  that 'll help entice new people to join , and help keep people entertained while they wait for their turn . 
  i suppose this is the best place to discuss the ensemble of the piece . 
  i think a string quartet works best , because of its small , manageable size , but also being large enough for some complicated textures and variety . 
  i agree, 
  * audio, 
  * midi, 
  * musicxml, 
  but i 'd also like to add in one more :, 
  * pdf, 
  because musicxml does n't work very effectively in my experience , so most people importing the file into their programme will be using the midi . 
  but midi does n't transfer text , such as dynamics . 
  it also messes up ornaments like trills , and sometimes gets confused by triplets . 
  except that , of course , the show is named after her , so they really never could have actually killed her , unless the second season we 've heard about is really season 1 of the legend of shu . 
  benderverse sounds good to me . 
  i agree , korra 's character is way less interesting than a lot of the other characters in this show .
