  these are your ability modifiers , and that 's what gets used most of the time . 
  totally agree with psionics . 
  i absolutely love the thematics around the psion class and that kind of mental mastery . 
  along with it , i 'd really like to see the shardmind race from 4e come back . 
  the lore surrounding them was absolutely fantastic , with the whole living gate thing and the different opposing religions for how to strengthen it . 
  not to mention , there 's great opportunity for roleplay with regards to how they do n't feel emotions in the same way mortals do . 
  there 's a reason we 're using median , rather than mean . 
  that reason is that it makes the impact of billionaires basically nill . 
  all of the richest 1 % , despite making an absolutely enormous amount of money ( and , it 's worth noting , that the bottom of the top 1 % is n't making billions , they 're actually `` only '' one or two million dollars ) still only cancel out the bottom 1 % of income earners . 
   cinema , international release , 1 seat $ 18, 
  shit mate , only if you 're going to the expensive cinemas . 
  cineplex in seq sell adult tickets for $ 8.50 -- $ 11 for 3d movies . 
  i 'd be surprised if there are n't similar high quality & low cost options in at least sydney and melbourne . 
  but holy ** fuck ** . 
  i 've seen americans complaining about the price of gasoline * so * frequently , and they are n't even paying one dollar per litre ? 
  yeah , if you 're going to somewhere like event cinemas . 
  unless there are n't any cheap options available ( and as i said , in seq there certainly * is * a very good quality cheap option ; i could be wrong , but i would be surprised if there is n't a similar option in melbourne and sydney if you were to look around ) , it 's really your own fault if you go to the expensive place . 
  i said it in the comment . 
  cineplex . 
  excellent quality place with cinemas scattered around seq , including right in the centre of brisbane ( at southbank ) . 
  i have n't looked , but if there is n't a similar cheap but high quality option in melbourne and sydney , i 'd be pretty damn surprised . 
  assuming there is such an option available , it 's your own fault if you choose to go to event and get ripped off . 
  yeah sorry , south east queensland . 
  it 's a pretty common initialism , at least among locals . 
  cineplex has a few around the area , including one in the middle of brisbane , at southbank . 
  for the other major cities , a quick search turns up [ melbourne ] ( http://www.weekendnotes.com/melbournes-cheapest-cinema/ ) and [ sydney ] ( http://www.weekendnotes.com/sydneys-cheapest-cinema/ ) both having a few cheap options . 
  do n't know about location though , or quality of cinema . 
  i must say i 'm surprised they do n't have a cheap chain option the way we do up here ... 
   because it 's a direct latin borrowing , most style guides say to italicize it, 
  * oooohhh !, 
  * and there i was thinking it was so frequently italicised because people were putting emphasis on it -- like an inflection in a quotation . 
  ashley normally does n't , but if you spell it ashole and make the `` o '' a reduced vowel , then it begins to sound like an only slightly incorrect pronunciation of ashley . 
  sure , if you want to access stuff that 's * already * free while depriving the creators of the content of their income . 
  not if the endpoint is in a country other than the five . 
  that 's mb/s i assume you 're talking in ? 
  rather than mb/s ? 
  i 'm in . 
  the difference is exactly 8 times , so it 's a rather important difference to take note of . 
  for future reference , a capital m indicates mega , while a lower-case m is technically milli -- though in the case of data stuff , people will nearly always know what you mean either way . 
  after all , there 's next to no situation in which millibytes or millibits per second are relevant . 
  a capital b is byte , and a lower case b is bit . 
  there are 8 bits in a byte . 
  this one 's important to get right , because both do get used when talking about data rates . 
  2 mb/s is a really good speed . 
  2 mb/s is ... not so much . 
  it 's 0.25 mb/s ; admittedly not a terrible speed , but not great , either . 
  fulfilling ? 
  do n't worry , just have the dragons ask him `` what is better - to be born good , or to overcome your evil nature through great effort ? '', 
  ( along with the rest of the speech ) , and there 's no way he could kill them . 
  worth noting that she 's in the senate , which actually * does n't * devolve into a 2 party race , since it 's using a proportional system known as stv . 
  lambie got voted in -- for better or worse -- because people actually supported her and the party she was ( at the time ) a part of . 
  that 's not a fault of the voting system , that 's a fault of the voters , which will always be a problem in any democratic system . 
  i have to say , as an australian , i was * really * surprised when i found out that you guys do n't have compulsory voting . 
  and then i was even more surprised when i found out you use first past the post . 
  i 'd hardly call them `` still average at it '' . 
  they made it to the semi-finals in the recent world cup , and their test team is still a force to be reckoned with -- especially in home games . 
  no definitely , australia is currently the better team . 
  it 's just that india is also very good , and calling them `` average '' was a bit unfair . 
  yes it is . 
  if they 've got the technology to have their 4k display draw less power than old 1080p displays , they could use that same technology in newer 1080p displays ( which , at least imo , are * far more * than enough in a phone ) and get considerably better battery life . 
  * parliamentary * votes absolutely need to be public . 
  i do n't think anyone would debate that . 
  the question of import is * election * votes . 
  in a real election , it is absolutely essential that they be anonymous . 
  however , to prevent cheating in a for-fun online election , it might be better to make them public , or go with the option that is clearly better -- if it could be done cheat-proof -- of private voting , at the risk of it * not * being cheat proof , and results potentially being not as accurate . 
  maybe we need our own `` easycount '' software ? 
   else dozens of policy empty parties will be created with no reason for anyone to join, 
  like the last real federal election ? 
  i can do you one better . 
  i 've got a player in my d&d 5e campaign who does n't believe in * magic * . 
  when the party wizard casts firebolt , he rationalises it as `` oh , that big orb must contain a whole heap of fireworks '' . 
  even better , he 's got sorcerous energy within him , so whenever he rages ( he 's a barbarian ) , there 's a chance he could have to roll on the [ wild magic surge ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tauxo5t.png ) table to have wild magic effects occur . 
  he 's literally causing random weird magical effects to take place , and does n't believe in magic . 
  it 's heaps of fun . 
  yeah , seems to me like the smarter thing to do would be to pretend you confused a more expensive version of a similar product for the cheaper one . 
  that way if they do catch you , you at least have plausible deniability . 
  like , say , putting through onions as red onions ( since , at least at my local supermarket , red onions are cheaper than regular ones ) . 
  weather . 
  i dunno about cello , but there 's a good viola joke along these lines . 
  why do people get scared if someone walks into a bank with a violin case ? 
  they 're afraid he might have a gun , and he 's not afraid to use it . 
  why do people get scared if someone walks into a bank with a viola case ? 
  they 're afraid he might have a viola , and he 's not afraid to use it . 
   and i am treated poorly for being an introvert and disliking going outside, 
  that bit 's unrelated to the weather stuff . 
  i 'm totally with you on that one . 
  personally , i live in queensland , and i think we have the best weather in the world . 
  summer is nice and hot , but it 's nearly always a nice crisp hotness , not the oppressive feeling heat that you typically get in the tropics . 
  highs typically range from 28 -- 36 or so . 
  winter is honestly a little too cold for my liking , but i * really * ca n't stand the cold . 
  usually get lows around 6 -- 12 degrees . 
  a really cold day can get down to 2 -- 3 degrees . 
  but yeah , that 's a hell of a lot warmer than finland ... 
  i dunno , that seems to me like it 's more your social circle than the weather . 
  like i said , where i am the weather is absolutely perfect , but i rarely do social activities outside . 
  in fact , the only times i 'm ever really outside is when i 'm exercising or walking between two indoor places . 
  hey brady , i 'm curious as a fellow cricket fan , what are your thoughts on the different forms of the game ? 
  that is , test vs. odi vs twenty20 . 
  hey , grey , just thought you might be interested to know about the etymology of `` bowling '' as it relates to cricket . 
  the reason it 's called that is that historically the ball * was * bowled under arm along the ground .
