  plus , it provided an absolutely fantastic piece to play on its own on the piano , far more so than any other piece from game of thrones , which is great . 
  anyone know why eso is trending ? 
  and i 'm guessing cs50 just started a new semester ? 
  if not , how come it 's trending ? 
  it 's a great game if you 're a fan of the elder scrolls lore and you do n't hate basic mmo conceits . 
  if you do n't care for the world , or if the basic idea of an mmo bothers you too much , then nothing the game does will interest you . 
  but for the right audience it 's a blast , with a story on more or less the same level as tes games ( though that is , admittedly , not a super engaging level ) , and some really cool ways of adapting familiar tes mechanics with the needs of the mmo format . 
  pocketcasts is my preferred podcatcher . 
  made by some aussies , it 's got a really nice clean interface . 
  it 's not free , but if you think about how much time you spend listening to podcasts every week the cost is totally worth it . 
  i listen to, 
  * this week in tech, 
  * this week in google, 
  * macbreak weekly, 
  * windows weekly, 
  * all about android, 
  * security now !, 
  all of which are about exactly what they sound like they 're about . 
  twig is about google and the cloud in general . 
  i also listen to, 
  * hello internet, 
  * cortex, 
  both by cgp grey , the popular educational youtuber . 
  hi co-stars australian youtuber brady haran , who runs many great channels including numberphile , computerphile , and 60 symbols . 
  the two of them talk about whatever , from the state of youtube , to recent technology , to flag referendums . 
  cortex is with another podcaster , and it 's about productivity . 
  a couple i used to listen to , if you 're looking for more australian podcasts , are, 
  * two blokes talking tech, 
  * your tech life, 
  the former is exactly what it sounds like . 
  the latter is a sort of call in radio show , but instead of being radio , it 's a podcast . 
  if you 're interested in d&d or roleplaying , my favourite podcasts about that are, 
  * critical success -- my absolute favourite . 
  top notch quality content , but * extremely * rarely updates . 
  worth going through the archives . 
  * game master 's journey -- pretty good , but personally i often find myself disagreeing with his taste . 
  * fear the boot -- i put off listening to it for a long time because of the absurd name , but it truly is fantastic . 
  only a touch less good than critical success , but it releases regularly , so its total value is way more . 
  all of these are talking * about * the game/genre . 
  personally i just do n't understand why people would listen to or watch other people playing their games , and none of these are of that style . 
  has it been submitted here before ? 
  it 's not eligible unless it has been . 
  you 'd also need to ask in the hof stickied thread , since that 's where we 'll look next time we come to considering new entries . 
  whether the result itself was good or bad is irrelevant . 
  just look at how many people have come out saying they voted leave only as a protest vote , not because they thought it would actually happen . 
  the na\u00efvit\u00e9 ( or worse , * ignorance * ) of such voters is a clear mark against direct democracy . 
  true , but, 
  it 's just hands down a * better * game than aoe2 is , in my opinion . 
  better ai , better unit pathfinding , you can actually * see * where units are and command them to do what you want ( trying to get villagers to mine gold that 's right behind trees in aoe2 is damn impossible thanks to the lack of an ability to rotate the screen ) . 
  the lack of busy-work like needing to replant farms, 
  from a taste perspective , i find its pacing far better , and i prefer the linear placement of buildings , the far clearer rock paper scissors mechanics ( the double of melee-archers-cavalry with human-hero-myth is far clearer to me than aoe2 which accounted for various types of gunpowder units , spears , swords , archers , and cav ) , and i found the myth units and god powers add a really interesting extra element to the game . 
  the game also had , in its day ( not quite so much today , unfortunately ) a far more interesting set of custom multiplayer scenarios and a playerbase interested in them . 
  escape maps , lotr battle maps , and the like , work far better when you 've got access to god powers and myth units ( not to mention atlanteans -- which are pretty much a * must * have for engaging escape scenarios ) . 
  i almost never played random maps back in the day , because the custom scenarios were just so fun . 
  play it transposed , so that the written part is in clarinet 's c ( 1st and 3rd mvts ) and f ( 2nd mvt ) . 
  unless you 're playing for a paying audience , it 's totally fine . 
  i played the second movement as part of my ib music performance , and i had a transposed part rather than trying to play in the same key as it is originally written . 
  nobody is going to care too much , and it sounds just fine . 
  trying to play it untransposed is just going to be a pain . 
  you 'd be playing in a written key of b instead of c , and that 's a hell of a lot of sharps to deal with . 
  it 'll make the piece a lot harder to play , it 'll mean that if you ever do get an a , you 'll have to completely re-learn it , which would be a pain . 
  so my suggestion is just grab the sheet music for an a clarinet and play it on your bb as is . 
  it 'll sound transposed , but who cares . 
  i think i 've got a sibelius file of the first two movements laying around somewhere . 
  if you want something to play along to ( since , playing it transposed , you wo n't be able to play along to most recordings you 'll find ) , i could send you that , if you like . 
  i doubt it . 
  crafting is n't better ? 
  this is the first game where i 've actually felt crafting was an interesting and fun process , rather than just a tedious bore that you have to go through to exploit the system and get stronger as in skyrim . 
  i 'm just amazed that 5 hours later , and presumably dozens of reports , the admins still have n't removed it ... 
  the way you described is exactly how i 've tended to play mmos in the past , and eso totally supports it . 
  the pve stuff can mostly be done single player and it 's really fun . 
  the pvp stuff in cyrodiil is largely unorganised : people spontaneously work together , rather than being like highly structured and planned ahead of time like the stereotype of a wow raid . 
  only 116 ? 
  what state is that ? 
  i 'd have assumed nsw and vic would both have more than qld , and we 've got 122 . 
  just curious . 
  that 's correct . 
  parties decide the order of their members when they register candidates , and the below the line order shown is the same as the way they will be distributed if you vote above the line . 
  rtfm is good advice for everything in life . 
  last election , my vote was a few small parties , greens , a few more small parties , labor , and then a few more parties , lnp , and then the utter insane parties . 
  this time around , i 'll probably stop part way between labor and lnp . 
  once we get to that point it does n't matter much to me where the vote goes , and it 'll be worth so little after having gone through so many rounds that it wo n't make much difference to the result anyway . 
  to count as cas , you need to have someone who can count as a supervisor . 
  this ca n't be a member of your family , so babysitting a younger sibling wo n't count , but if you were babysitting someone else 's kids , and not getting paid , then that * could * count . 
  you 'd get their parents to sign off as your supervisor . 
  if you 're learning a language as part of school , then that ca n't count , because cas ca n't be a part of your regular studies . 
  if you 're studying for something in particular , or if you were studying something that is n't a part of your regular studies , that can count . 
  for example , doing maths competitions could definitely count . 
  learning how to solve a rubik 's cube could potentially count , but only if you 've got a supervisor for it . 
  it ca n't just be `` hey , i want to try and figure out how to solve rubik 's cubes '' . 
  there needs to be a * little * more structure to it , and there * definitely * needs to be someone that can sign off for you . 
  this is all based on general guidelines of how cas * should * be run . 
  many schools , however , interpret how cas works themselves and some deviate substantially from what it should be , since there is little to no ibo oversight . 
  so the correct answer to any question about cas is `` whatever your cas coordinator says '' . 
  stew tends to be a much thicker brew than soup , which is often largely water-based . 
  so for the analogy , you can imagine hellsoup being like a slightly watered down hellstew . 
  personally , i think [ this is the best arrangement there 's been so far ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pq0xf9pbp0 ) . 
  it 's not a direct arrangement of the original , but it keeps the same spirit for the most part , and it 's incredibly exciting to play . 
  it adds a quote from rains of castamere , from the reprise of the piece at the end of the episode , rather than the imitation of the main theme , and personally i find that that works much more effectively in a solo piano piece without the other instruments or the accompanying video . 
  it also has the benefit of being very , very easy to play .
