  \u2325 option ( alt ), 
  \u2318 command, 
  \u21e7 shift, 
  command and shift are easy , since command has the symbol on the key , and shift is kinda thematically related to what it does ( and many keyboards , though not the apple ones , have that symbol or something similar on the shift key ) . 
  but that still narrows it down to just 2 rather than 4 , so that helps . 
  i 've just learned by rote that ^ is control and the funny one is option . 
  probably helps that when you 're in the terminal and press a control key shortcut ( like \\ ^ c to interrupt a programme ) it sometimes displays the ^ symbol . 
  edit the funny one is option . 
  not * any * key except command . 
  none of the four modifiers do it on their own ( or five if you count fn ) . 
  also the function keys , if set to their apple-specific functions ( adjust backlight , play/pause , etc. ), 
  do n't cause the cursor to hide . 
  any character that would , * on its own * cause a character to be displayed in a text entry , will hide the cursor . 
  just a tip , / u/bsolidgold is slightly off . 
  it 's not * any * key . 
  none of the modifiers do it , and neither do the function keys if they are set to their apple-specific functions ( like adjusting backlights or play/pause ) . 
  any alphanumeric character , symbol , or the spacebar should work , though . 
  there 's probably * some * way to do it , but unfortunately op 's tip is a result of a basic built-in feature in os x , where pressing most keys will cause the cursor to disappear . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's designed to give a nicer experience while typing , since the cursor just gets out of your way . 
  so if it is possible to do on windows , it 's not something that 'll be as easy to come across as this tip . 
   apple pays microsoft for the ability to use exfat, 
  oh fair enough . 
  but then that raises the question as to why apple would fail to support ( writing to ) ntfs , which would be worth so much more to the average user than exfat is . 
  if they were only budgeting for one proprietary file system , it would clearly be the better choice . 
  just an interesting question . 
   ubuntu comes with nano by default . 
  it 's more basic, 
  hence the frustration . 
  there 's no good reason not to include both . 
   there 's so many desktop environments out there that every possible preference could be met . 
  you just have to pick one you like, 
  yeah , i know . 
  at some point i 'll probably look in to another one . 
  part of my reason for adding this bit to that comment was that i was hoping for some recommendations . 
  i do n't suppose you have any ? 
  but i was also trying to demonstrate that out of the box , linux ( or more specifically , ubuntu , which is by far the most well-known linux distro , and the one most likely to catch the eye of someone who is n't tech savvy enough to install their own window manager ) is n't especially usable compared to windows or os x. 
   lightdm is a login greeter , not a window manager, 
  so gnome * is * the window manager , then ? 
   time to be `` that guy . '', 
  oh not at all . 
  i appreciate the feedback . 
  yeah , i know about that regarding what linux is . 
  it 's just that it most often gets used as an all-encompassing term , so that 's how i was using it . 
  my thinking was that anyone who knows the difference will be able to work out what i meant , and for anyone that does n't , this keeps it simpler . 
  i also was n't aware that ubuntu is considered shitty . 
  i went with it because i figured it 's so popular it 's probably going to be the most user-friendly . 
  if that 's not the case , i 'm definitely open to the idea of trying something else out . 
  especially since by far my biggest gripe was the process of installing applications , i ca n't help but feel a less popular distro would be * less * user friendly . 
  if i go to the chrome website , or the dropbox one , on debian , arch , or fedora , and ask to download their application , would it be as easy to do as it is on windows or os x , rather than needing the same set up that ubuntu has , where it forces everything through the software centre '' and thereby fucks everything up ? 
  if so , i 'd definitely like to try one of them . 
  i do n't suppose you could give a really brief rundown over the differences between them ? 
  and , while we 're on it , the recent fat thing was about privacy too , in a way . 
  it was because of the sharing of details ( albeit ones that were somewhat publicly available ) with the intention of harassing the individuals involved . 
  and the privacy implications of the borderline child porn subs that got banned a while back should be obvious . 
  hmm ... that does n't roll off the tongue quite as nicely as the valyrian does . 
  i 've tried mint before and did n't particularly like it . 
  it was actually the first time i used linux for more than an hour . 
  though in fairness , i was using it on a really underpowered machine at the time , so the problems may have been more with the computer than the linux distro . 
  i 'm using it for web development because it 's also hosting , and i want to be able to easily work with it while i 'm away from the computer , something that is much easier to do in a unix-like environment than windows . 
  and quite honestly , i 'm very perplexed that they would be comfortable using it . 
  at least if they had to use it from scratch . 
  do they not use things like dropbox or chrome , or generally install applications much ? 
  or did you set that part up for them ( since after things have been installed , it 's pretty okay , and i personally only have a couple of tiny gripes with it that i 'm sure i 'll get used to ) ? 
  i have a feeling once it 's all actually set up it 'll be fine , it 's just the actual process of getting programmes to work that is so fucking terrible . 
  lol what ? 
  tech savvy people are * more * likely to own macs , in my experience . 
  following tech press and stuff , everyone whose business is n't specifically about following microsoft seems to use a mac , and i know google actually required either os x or linux be used by their staff a few years ago . 
  the catch is it was taken from 100 m away , and this is a cropped version . 
  that 's why it looks like it was taken by a potato . 
  hmm fair enough . 
  i guess i 'll try and do more of it through the terminal next time , then . 
  i have a feeling it may have been the way it wanted to work through the gui that was causing some of the problems i had . 
  but haha yeah . 
  i definitely do n't plan on switching fully , mainly because i 've no interest in fiddling with wine . 
  i 've already tried something similar ( wineskin ) on os x with a game ( witcher 1 ) that was * supposed * to already be ported but was in fact just its own wrapper around the same version as windows , and that was a miserable experience . 
  no , i 'll be booting in to windows for gaming . 
  and luckily , it 's a desktop with no wireless , so there 's zero issues with wifi drivers or power management for me . 
  thanks for the lightweight recommendations . 
  it 's not much of a concern to me right now , but very well could be in the fairly near future, 
  that 's a weirdly specific thing for there to already be a post about . 
  how curious . 
   you are correct it was . 
  i did n't intend for it to be . 
  nah fuck that , man . 
  the comment was fine as is , no need to apologise for it . 
   i do n't think i show much attitude on reddit, 
  i think you probably can come on strong from time to time , which perhaps may take some people ( if i may be so bold , i might suggest that `` some '' people have rather a weak constitution ) the wrong way . 
  but hey , that 's life . 
  i think most of the time you bring interesting conversation to the table . 
  while i 'm talking to you , do you think you could fix up / r/arrowverse ? 
  it 's been pretty much empty lately ( which is odd considering all the talk around so many new shows ) , except for the weekly episode discussions . 
  seems like automoderator never got the memo that the season ended . 
  3 was the one at the vatican . 
  imo it 's the best of the series . 
  how interesting . 
  i use this on os x since it 's one of the default options , but i just use standard qwerty on my windows and linux machines . 
  i did n't realise it was possible . 
  do n't suppose you 've got a link ? 
  i ca n't believe i had to go this far down to find this . 
  chuck is n't the best show i 've ever seen , nor is it my favourite .
