  by the content of the film . 
   trapped forever in a two dimensional form for the amusement of school children, 
  if it * is * the actual consciousness of the person , it 's for more than just the amusement of school children . 
  these paintings exist elsewhere in the potter universe than just hogwarts . 
  i would think it 's so that they can be an extension of themselves . 
  a sort of immortality . 
  that said , i doubt that 's what it is . 
  seems more likely to me that it 's a magical artificial intelligence of sorts . 
  i base this mainly on the fact that there are multiple images of some people , and that some people have living pictures of themselves while they are still alive ( sirius black in the newspaper , dumbledoor on the frog card , for example ) . 
  according to that wiki page , there are 5 other schools . 
  one of these is in brazil , and one is presumed to be the salem witches ' institute . 
  that leaves 3 more . 
  my guess would be one for oceania & south east asia , one for the indian subcontinent , one for the middle east ( perhaps also serving northern africa -- that would take a significant load away from uagadou ) . 
  the last one i 'm not sure about , since most of the world is served here . 
  possibly china & korea , though they could be served by the japanese one , the russian one ( in the case of inner mongolia and possibly the xinjiang province ) , and ( in the case of tibet ) the indian one . 
  to be fair , the result of this is that in europe schools are serving a pretty damn small population , while the others are left to cover enormous amounts . 
  the salem witch institute would be covering all of america and canada at the least , and the indian subcontinent one has not only india ( the second most populous country in the world ) but also pakistan ( 6th most populous ) and bangladesh ( the 9th most populous ) . 
  there 's really no way to dole out the rest of the world 's population with anything close to reasonable numbers given the information in that wiki -- unless we assume that outside of europe , wizards and witches simply occur significantly less frequently . 
  yes , you are the only one that knows how to spell lynda cardellini . 
  so are beaubatons and mahoutokoro . 
  all three of these proper nouns are simply constructed from existing words in their respective languages . 
  i assumed that 's what you were complaining about with the japanese one , so i was just pointing out that it 's the same in the other languages , too . 
  i mentioned oceania and south east asia as one of the schools . 
  my mind had this school somewhere on the cape york peninsula in queensland . 
  it would also serve kiwis , indonesians , and people from places like malaysia , the phillipines , and at least the southern part of the indochinese peninsula ( vietnam , thailand , etc. ) . 
  plus , i assume it 's like hogwarts -- a boarding school . 
  so they 'd have to travel a really long distance ( from , for example , ho chi minh city , perth , and wellington ) , but it would only really be at most four trips a year ( start of school year , start of chrissy holiday , end of chrissy holiday , end of school year ) . 
  regarding the wiki page , that 's a good point . 
  i can see it going either way really . 
  i have n't read the actual pottermore entry that is presumably the source for the info , so i do n't know the answer . 
  but as it 's written on the wiki , it seems very ambiguous . 
  [ the page about that tournament ] ( http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/wizarding_schools_potions_championship ) is similarly ambiguous , though it seems to me that it 's pointing towards the idea that the tournament was only the 4 schools explicitly mentioned as being in the tournament in the other wiki page . 
  sure , but really hogwarts and durmstrang ( likely a spoonerism for the late classical musical movement `` sturm und drang '' ) are the only ones with a decent name -- at least as far as i can tell . 
  * the french one is `` beautiful wands '' . 
  * the russian one is '' ( the ) creator of magic '' . 
  * the african one is * probably * just a variant spelling of a real place name . 
  * the presumed american one is a reference to real-life historical events involving people being accused of witchcraft and killed . 
  what did you think it meant ? 
  have you never heard of people queuing before ? 
   at least with half the population, 
  and even with the other half who might be okay with it , it 's still * technically * wrong . 
  britain is , strictly speaking , the island on which most of england , scotland , and wales are situated . 
  northern ireland is n't a part of britain . 
  ( and hence the uk is short for `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' . ), 
  all the britishers who visit australia complain about our prices , so i think it 's fair game for an american or someone from asia to complain about british ones . 
  i 've always pronounced it as just `` sh '' with a bit of vowelish sound added on at the end . 
  though i 'm not british , so what do i know ? 
  yeah i had great experiences with the immigration officers when i went to visit england . 
  though exiting the place the security was the worst ( as in most onerous ) i 've ever encountered . 
  thankfully , i 've never had to encounter american air security . 
  what the fuck , america ? 
  have to say , i thought on the whole this was another fantastic episode . 
  i am absolutely loving this season so far !, 
  the whole thing with chang being mr miyagi was really well handled , being some cheap but good jokes to start , but then really touching towards the end . 
  the dean 's storyline was also great . 
  felt really believable for him . 
  i was n't a fan of the premise with the birds . 
  surely nobody actually believes that myth regarding moving the birds ? 
  it made it difficult to get engaged with that storyline . 
  that said , if i take the terrible premise as a given , it was handled well . 
  oh man , that 's horrible luck . 
  i had a single character die in the first cave in lmop thanks to wild magic . 
  the characters climbed up the chute to klarg 's room and we had a wild surge . 
  everybody invisible . 
  one of the goblins shot wildly at the direction where our tiefling monk had been standing moments earlier , and got a lucky hit . 
  the monk fell down unconscious . 
  since he was invisible , nobody could come to help stabilise him . 
  on the 5th save roll ( he got 2 successes and 2 fails previous to that ) , he failed the saving throw and the character died . 
  the wild magic surges are just so damn awesome , but god they can have annoying consequences sometimes . 
  that chick that 's been touched by people will have its parents ignore it ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's one of those myths that 's commonly quoted in `` what thing do many people believe is true that actually is n't '' askreddit threads . 
  until right now i had assumed it was something that people * think * other people believe , but nobody actually does ... 
  remember they actually are able to move into other paintings and interact with the other figures , as well as being able to see and interact with the real people in the real world . 
  that does n't really seem too bad at all , to me . 
  here 's my theory : it 's all fake . 
  an april fool 's joke . 
  the hatred toward cyclists -- at least in australia and , from what i 've heard , the us -- is just incredible . 
  i made some pro-cycling comments in a subreddit that i would normally think would be fairly in favour of cycling on account of there being a significant overlap in interests , / r/running . 
  heaps of downvotes and criticism across the board . 
  what the fuck people ? 
  what is all the hate for ? 
  i guess i assumed they would , since i 'm both , and i 've always assumed most runners have at least some interest in general fitness and/or triathlons ( since most of the runners i know in real life do ) . 
  haha . 
  actually , my comment was about exactly the opposite . 
  how in many places ( thankfully not my state , but most of the other states in my country ) it 's illegal for a cyclist to be on the footpath . 
  and that 's a dumb law . 
  i 'd love to , all the dutch people i 've met have been absolutely lovely people , and obviously it 's perfect for cyclists , but oh god the weather . 
  where i live now has imo the best weather in the world ( if maybe a little too cold for my liking in winter -- at as low as * maybe * 5 or 6 degrees c on a cold night , more commonly around 10 ) in terms of temperature for 9 months a year , as well as sunshine and rain rates . 
   there 's also a tendency to walk in the middle of the sidewalk or path , leaving little room for anyone else, 
  oh god this annoys me so much even when i 'm not cycling . 
  when i 'm just walking along i tend to walk fairly quickly , and it 's annoying having to pass people like this , and when i 'm out running it 's even worse , since i 'd much rather be able to completely tune out and just run , but i 'm constantly having to move around these people some times . 
  i * suspect * that person is jesting , but the horrible thing is that so many people make that argument entirely sincerely . 
  they do n't seem to realise that ( a ) the vast majority of cyclists also own at least one car , and ( b ) bikes do essentially ** zero ** damage to roads , and thus for every person that takes to the bike rather than driving , the cost of maintaining roads goes down . 
  my state just recently started requiring cars give cyclists at least 1 m distance on roads under 60 km/h and 1.5 m for roads with speed limits over 60 . 
  they 've also allowed cars to cross a solid white line ( if safe to do so ) in order to give the cyclists that space . 
  it 's actually been a really successful rule , i 've noticed that cycling feels a lot safer now than it used to . 
  it 's not annoying for cyclists . 
  they have the option to be either on the road or the footpath . 
  generally most choose to be on the road unless the road is particularly busy and does n't have a bike path , but having the option to go on the footpath is great,
