  my mum , on the other hand is nearly universally right handed , but she deals cards , and does one or two other things in a left handed way . 
  as a general rule , people who are `` lefties '' have a higher tendency to be more ambidextrous than people who are `` righties '' ( probably by simple virtue of the fact that we live in a right-hand dominated world ) . 
  tl ; dr : treat it as a spectrum . 
  you can divide people into two or three groups if you want , but it is n't necessarily the most accurate way of doing things . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was deliberately poking fun at that . 
  av also has single member constituencies and is simple to use ( for the voter -- the behind the scenes stuff is a touch more difficult ) . 
  ifttt gets the notifications through much faster than my podcatcher . 
  stv * does n't * remove local representation . 
  that 's what 's so great about it . 
  it 's just that instead of having one local member , you have 4 -- 6 . 
  as cleese says in the video , this is a really great thing , because it increases the chance that you have a local member that you can identify with . 
  i 'm not especially familiar with ams , but a very brief look at the wp article suggests it is similar to mmp in that it creates party lists . 
  i * really * do n't like this , because it means that parties become a built-in part of the voting system . 
  it allows the party to decide exactly which members get voted in or not . 
  even if the public decides they really do n't like a particular candidate , the party can push them through anyway . 
  yeah definitely . 
  av is nice , but it 's basically a `` well we wanted to do something better than the trash that is fptp , but did n't want to actually make significant changes '' kind of solution . 
   they are based on much larger regions, 
  true . 
  the easiest way to do it -- especially in the uk -- would be to take existing electorates and combine them into groups of 4 -- 6 ( they do n't all need to be the same size , necessarily ) . 
  each one of these new groups becomes the new electorate , and using stv it elects a number of mps equal to how many old electorates were merged . 
  so they 'd definitely be larger , but when you have as many mps as britain already does , their size would n't be unreasonable . 
  australia , on the otherhand , would absolutely need to create more total seats at the same time as switching to stv . 
  our parliament has n't increased in size at all since 1998 , and has n't hand a substantial increase since 1983 , so it has n't kept pace with the population nearly as well as yours has . 
   3rd level sorcerers do n't need somatic components at all, 
  hmm ? 
  where exactly does it say this ? 
  as far as i was aware , the only way they can get away without somatic or verbal components is using the metamagic option subtle spell . 
  otherwise they have to do any verbal or somatic components . 
   doors are treated differently for no other reason than what is behind them, 
  this is true only in a meta-game sense , in how the * player * interacts with it . 
  the in-game treatment of doors does n't change at all , that is , the characters do n't see the doors as treated differently . 
   but after that ? 
  all shoves are equal, 
  no , you 're missing the point again . 
  you only ever auto-succeed if a roll of 20 would be a success . 
  if the dc is 22 , a player with no proficiency and 0 ability modifier can never succeed , and thus does not see it auto-resolved to success . 
  a character who * has * got a strength modifier great enough * can * succeed . 
  one character is simply not strong enough that it would ever be possible for him to succeed , while the other is . 
  83 % of people will believe anything you tell them , if you put a statistic to it . 
  yeah i 've actually already gone and done this . 
  the operating system as a whole runs beautifully now . 
  problem is that the internet is still playing up . 
  it 's unusable over wifi ( it 'll occasionally work , especially right after booting , but it 's still excruciatingly slow , and before long it 'll stop working altogether ) , and just very slow on a wired ethernet connection . 
  `` very slow '' meaning it takes  10 seconds to load a basic page like the reddit homepage or google.com . 
  and it 's not my connection , because all the other devices on the same wifi connection work absolutely fine . 
  there 's something going on with this computer specifically . 
  i 've already done all of the updates through the update manager , and the drivers menu is n't auto-detecting anything . 
  any thoughts ? 
  yeah i really thought that was weird . 
  it seems that at the moment you get a dragonmark once you take the feat . 
  like you did n't have one before , but suddenly it appears , because you decided you wanted one . 
  feels odd ... 
  ah , right . 
  the fact that you said `` 3rd level sorcerers do n't need somatic components ** at all ** '' , especially in response to what / u/jakey _ cakes _ said , made it seem as though you were implying they did n't need somatic components even without expending a sorcery point . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  doing that does seem to take it from the state of not working at all to working slowly again , but that does n't help with the speed being really slow . 
  haha i know that bonus fact far too well . 
  i often participate in studies for the psychology faculty at my university . 
  usually they pay $ 10 for a one hour experiment . 
  but the ones involving scans are usually worth $ 60 -- 70 . 
  but they always say right handers only , so i can never do them . 
  yup . 
  as far as i can tell they 're bigger than ever . 
  the podcast advertising pool seems to be pretty small . 
  most companies that sponsor any podcasts seem to sponsor a lot of podcast . 
  for example , harry 's razors , that healthy snack company , audible , and , indeed , lynda . 
  it definitely could be the incomparable , if he listens to that , but it equally could be a lot of podcasts . 
  i 'm not so sure you can write off yahoo so easily . 
  they certainly seem really small , but then you realise that they do still own tumblr and flickr , and they 've recently bought the rights to air community . 
  if they leveraged their existing communities in a smart way , i think they would stand a chance . 
  microsoft also could definitely do it , as could facebook , in theory . 
  but i really doubt facebook will . 
  their ecosystem is too closed for it to make sense for anything other than cute puppies and viral type videos . 
  i ca n't ever imagine channels like numberplate , cgpgrey , or crash course ever taking off on facebook . 
  facebook * could * , it has the size to do it , but they 'd have to really change things up . 
  wait , famous hippo is in australia ? 
  wicked !, 
  what city ? 
  there are actually quite a few minor spelling errors throughout the core books , as well . 
  nothing major -- heck , it 's miles better than the copy of a storm of swords that i have -- but it is still pretty interesting to note . 
  his policies may or may not be better , as other comments have debated . 
  but here 's an interesting twist on it , if you 're a progressive . 
  he 's also * really * charismatic . 
  if they made him the leader , a second term of liberal government would be guaranteed . 
  with abbott at the helm , and potentially with someone too much like abbott , there 's a serious chance of australia 's first ever single term government . 
  the term `` shipping '' comes from the fact that it 's called a `` ship '' , which in turn is simply short for `` relationship '' . 
  the term `` shipping '' comes from the fact that the pairing is called a `` ship '' , which in turn is simply short for `` relationship '' . 
  but then you have to pay for it ... 
  i * really * want to avoid edition warring in this sub . 
  you only need to look at / r/dnd and see the vote counts for 3.5 posts vs. 4 posts to see that putting the edition number is a bad idea when the narrative is the only important part . 
  ( it 's fine in that subreddit because mechanics matter . ), 
  that said , i might be interested in putting in [ dnd/pathfinder ] , [ feng shui ] , [ star wars rpg ] , etc. 
  the issue then becomes that there are simply so many different systems that creating relevant flair for them all is difficult , and even once it 's done , it 'll make the menu for selecting flair ridiculously long . 
  keep your edition warring out of here . 
  wow this incredible . 
  you should x-post it to / r/dndgreentext . 
  in which case requiring a coin to unlock the shroud is n't going to be effective anyway . 
  fun fact , but windows 8.1 is actually 6.3 anyway . 
  i 've heard rumours that they 're fixing this with win10 , so it 'll actually be 10 ( skipping 7 , 8 , and 9 ) .
