   what did disappoint me is that for someone who does extensive research on his videos and contacts various experts he took that book at face value when making americapox and lauded it as `` history book to rule all history books '' . 
  he did that to deliberately troll people just like you . 
  sounds like it worked . 
  urgh , people who complain about the use of `` they '' as a gender-neutral pronoun are the worst . 
   because in the past similar train of thought was used for exploitation, 
  claiming that because in the past , a similar theory was used for bad purposes , therefore we should discount a theory today , is an extremely blatant fallacy . 
   randomness within certain bounds is just perceived randomness, 
  this is just factually wrong . 
  by definition * all * randomness is `` within certain bounds '' . 
  but anyway , my point is that i * want * to reduce the `` randomness '' . 
  i just do n't want to do away with it entirely . 
  it 's all about finding a happy medium between the overly gamey point buy and the unfair pure roll . 
  i know this is going to sound like an attack , but i honestly do n't mean it that way . 
  i 'm just curious as a software engineering student myself . 
  how did this get past testing without being noticed ? 
  it 's not like it 's some edge case that comes up only in certain specific situations . 
  was it introduced somehow by some minor change very close to release ? 
  i mean , before yesterday , that just meant they were in exactly half of the aoe games . 
  they 're claiming it 's a glitch , and considering * just how far * above the power curve it is , i 'm inclined to believe them . 
  it 's not like it 's subtle in any way ; the damn thing is 2 or 3 times stronger than it should be . 
  and fuck anyone who would burn their own daughter at the stake . 
  could you find the archive version and link that ? 
  i 'm sure we 'd all rather not give them the traffic . 
  i find your analogy rather bizarre , because to me it seems backwards . 
  chroniclers of history sounds like * exactly * what historians do , whereas creating unified theories of human behaviour seems more in line with a philosopher . 
  presumably you 're someone who went through high school . 
  it 's * very * common in education for a simplified view to be presented as fact , just because needing to learn everything accurately makes it harder to take away the important lessons . 
  and so what you get is a `` lie to children '' , where a simplified model is presented which is wrong in some ways , back the fundamental idea of it is fairly accurate . 
  and later on , if the student studies the area further , they get the more detailed , more correct , version of it . 
  for example , in early high school physics classes , you were probably taught about newtonian mechanics . 
  it works , more or less , for most things we encounter on a day-to-day basis ( in particular , macroscopic items moving at non-relativistic speeds ) . 
  but it is n't * correct * . 
  because these large objects are actually made up of many small objects ( molecules , atoms , and eventually subatomic particles ) , and even though the effects of moving are negligible at speeds substantially lower than * c * , they technically are still there . 
  and so in one 's last two years at highschool , and even more if one studies physics at a university level , one is introduced to ideas of quantum and relativistic physics , which are more accurate . 
  the same is true with all of the topics used in cgp grey videos and those of other educational youtube channels . 
  personally , in his animal kingdom politics videos , there are a number of simplifications i have noticed , especially in his video on stv . 
  but i did n't get my panties in a twist over them , like you seem to in your areas of expertise , simply because i am able to recognise that it is nevertheless good enough for the layperson ; a close enough approximation to the truth that if anyone wanted to do more research into the topic of the video , they have a good place to start from , and their research will doubtless point out the subtle inaccuracies of grey 's simplification . 
  that 's not to say that he is n't just flat-out * wrong * sometimes , and when he is , * that * is a problem . 
  for example his misconceptions video mentioned that daddy long legs are not spiders . 
  they are . 
  there just * also * happens to be an entirely * separate * animal that some people call daddy long legs , and that * other * one is not a spider . 
  but the misconception about daddy long legs being highly venomous obvious only applies to the actual spider , so in that case , it was not a justifiable lie to children . 
  super excited for this . 
  i loved the previous draft , and psionics is just awesome . 
  i mainly hope they do n't change mind thrust to target ac . 
  i thought the idea of an attack roll that targets an ability was a really interesting and novel one . 
  the other thing that i 'm really interested in is the fact that they 're releasing it on monday the 1st feb. . after june 's ua was released on monday the 8th , i had assumed the release was `` monday after the first sunday of the month '' , much like us federal elections are `` tuesday after the first monday of the month '' . 
  basically , if the monday is the 1st , they release it the following week . 
  i suppose drawing that conclusion after a sample size of 1 was a bit hasty , but still , i 'm glad we 're getting it so soon . 
  edit : monday after the first * sunday * of the month , not after the first tuesday . 
  no it was n't , because in 4e there was n't `` advantage '' , instead there were static modifiers , and those * did * stack . 
  because they stacked , it meant that doing a bunch of things to increase your chances was worth it , compared to in 5e where flanking gives you exactly the same amount of advantage as if you flank from the high ground while invisible over an enemy that 's been knocked prone . 
   movement was more difficult because opportunity attacks were easier to trigger, 
  honestly , i think * this * is the biggest problem with 5e in regards to flanking . 
  the idea of being able to just run circles around an enemy without provoking an oa is ridiculous . 
  meanwhile , you ca n't take one lousy step backwards safely . 
  the problem is n't with flanking providing advantage , it 's with being able to flank so easily compared to 4e because of unrealistic oa rules . 
  you misread the question . 
  how does it give the rogue an upper hand ? 
  also the regent seems to think he can store one unit inside of him . 
  it does n't work when you try to actually do it , but the icon probably should n't be there . 
  i 've had a mostly fantastic experience with the game . 
  lag and de-sync errors happen more than i would like , but they 're rare enough that it does n't detract from the experience in a major way . 
  i 'd say we probably have a desync issue once ever 8 to 10 games . 
  and even then , the game is pretty good at allowing you to restart the game from where you left off . 
  i 've played it on windows 8.1 and 10 , and the experience has not been substantially different on either of them . 
  to be entirely honest , i 've been playing d&d with mates for quite a while now , and i think you 've dodged a bullet on that one . 
  i just ca n't possibly see the gaming experience at a gaming store ever being anywhere near as good as playing with friends ( or at least , acquaintances that you get to know somewhat ) somewhere more private . 
  mike mearls ' latest tweets on the matter imply that it 'll be released monday 1st feb. . of course , we do n't know just how much we 'll get with that . 
  maybe it 'll be the whole psion 20 levels with 3 or 4 archetypes , but maybe it 'll only be another 5 over what we 've already got , with further refinement to the first 5 levels . 
  yeah fair enough , i thought you might have been overlooking this bit :, 
   flanking means an ally is near anyways so they still would have gotten it . 
  hey , this subreddit is for posting d&d or tabletop rpg stories , not for asking questions about the game . 
  you should try / r/dndnext or / r/dnd . 
  you spelt `` and '' wrong . 
  to the mods , please check out / r/fightspam for some techniques to help fight spam and remove it more quickly . 
  except that one ca n't control their toes independently like with fingers . 
  ysk that this only applies to one specific type of sign language . 
  it 's utterly useless for people in regions where the language your post is about is not used . 
  much like real languages are extremely different from one another -- you probably ca n't communicate very well with someone who is speaking mandarin , for example -- sign languages are completely independent languages that are , for the most part , not mutually intelligible . 
  they even have regional and socio-economic dialects within the same language , just as real languages do . 
  someone who knows auslan would be just as capable of communicating with an american sign language `` speaker '' as an english speaker would be with a spanish . 
   the human eye does n't detect brightness linearly, 
  this is correct . 
  incidentally , this is pretty much the reason that it 's impossible to take good photographs that contain both bright and dark areas , even if your eye can see them both . 
  the human eye 's logarithmic perception allows it to have a much greater dynamic range than a camera 's linear one . 
  i definitely agree . 
  i actually * hated * the first episode . 
  like , * really * *** hated *** it . 
  i used the phrase `` worst thing to have ever happened to television '' when describing it to friends , and i was only half joking . 
  but this one has me cautiously optimistic . 
  the action was really enjoyable to watch , i loved some of the interactions between characters ( particularly cold and ray ) , and they helped at least partially alleviate my annoyances with time travel . 
  and the score was absolutely * beautiful * to listen to . 
  to the mods , please check out / r/fightspam for some techniques to help fight spam and remove it more quickly . 
  whoa . 
  when did chillingeffects.org get a new name ? 
  incidentally , the sounds very similar to [ how auslan does it ] ( http://www.auslan.org.au/numbersigns.html ) . 
  i feel like if we had a subway , it should probably make it out to chermside . 
  and i do n't think we would really need quite that amount of coverage on the area from fortitude valley to auchenflower . 
  they do n't just `` not technically use magic '' , they operate in a completely and fundamentally different way .
