  it 's not going to be hard . 
  you represent it as a base 5 number with 5 digits and go in order from 00000 to 44444 . 
  and so on . 
  the only thing you need to remember is what state you tried last , and then just add one to it . 
   and got magic is pretty mysterious even now, 
  yeah that 's the point of sanderson 's first law . 
  you can have mysterious magic that 's used sparingly , like in lotr and asoiaf , or you can have really strict magic that 's used frequently : my favourite example of this is in avatar , where their powers are basically to manipulate their element . 
  pretty standard , and very clear to the audience . 
  game of thrones rarely uses magic for anything important to the narrative , and when it does , it 's fairly simple . 
  we 've seen dany survive fire , we 've seen the shadow baby , and we 've seen some minor tricks from the warlocks of qarth . 
  that 's pretty much it as far as things that are definitively magic . 
  because the magic system has been used sparingly , it 's a well thought-out system . 
  it 's like if a barbarian is trying to smash down a door . 
  imagine you set the dc to 22 , and the barbarian ( with strength 18 and proficiency +3 ) gets a total of only 20 . 
  they 've failed . 
  but there is no good reason that they ca n't try again , and again , and again , until they eventually reach that 22 . 
  if there 's no actual consequence for failing the first time , you should n't bother letting them roll . 
  just tell them that after a few hits , they succeed . 
  but if there is a consequence for failing , * then * you have them roll for it . 
  maybe there 's a guard nearby who would hear him breaking it down and would come running , or there 's someone behind the door that would get ready to ambush them if they do n't break it down the first time ( as opposed to the other way round if they break it down and charge through in one turn ) . 
  in that case , make them roll once , if they fail , but want to try again , let them auto-succeed after that , unless there is a realistic consequence for each subsequent failure . 
  with the lock it 's pretty much the same thing . 
  they 've come up with a solution that is guaranteed to succeed if they carry it out * fully . 
  unless there 's a particular reason that succeeding earlier should give some specific advantage , you know their technique will succeed eventually , so just say that they succeed after some time . 
  \\* note : i 'm ignoring the potential complications that could come up , for example things people have mentioned about the assumptions regarding placement of each of the teeth , and the number of teeth/possible heights . 
  if the player made the wrong assumption on * those * they have a zero chance of succeeding . 
  you * could * potentially do a knowledge check of some sort to figure out what that would be . ), 
  that 's a total cop out . 
  * if * their assumption about 5 teeth with 5 possible positions is correct ( the dm * could * tell them it 's not , but then they would just have no chance at all of succeeding ) , then it 's trivially easy to keep track of combinations . 
  just represent it as a 5 digit base-5 number , start at 00000 , and keep going until you reach 44444 . 
   despite strong explicit views about rape , when high-profile cases of rape occur , sometimes individuals are quick to excuse the rapists for other reasons ( e.g. , celebrity status ; sporting achievements ; academic tenure ; notions of the victim `` deserving it '' because of clothing choices , intoxication , or past sexual promiscuity ), 
  i see people say this all the time , but i have literally never actually seen it occur , to my knowledge . 
  but that may just be a by-product of who i choose to have as a my friends , and what media outlets i choose to patronise . 
   strong cultural norms regarding relationships and sex teach women to play `` hard to get '' ( i.e. , say `` no '' when they mean `` yes '' ) , and teach men to ignore initial negative responses to persuade women to say `` yes '' . 
  as a source , watch virtually any romance movie ever . 
  totally agree . 
  that 's a problem in our society . 
   despite the fact that most sexual assaults are committed by someone the victim knows , rape is often portrayed in a `` stranger-in-the-bushes '' kind of way . 
  this allows individuals who violate consent to consider themselves `` not rapists '' , because they are not specifically targeting strangers . 
  i do n't think that 's a problem with rape , so much as how society views crime in general . 
  kidnappings are viewed the same way , and even to some extent murders . 
  people are far more afraid of their child being kidnapped by some random stranger off the street than they are of a family member or close family friend doing the same , when statistics say it should be the other way around . 
  she has a general resistance to heat ( they showed this a few times in the first season , notably when she stepped in to the hot water in the first episode , and when she picked an egg up out of the fire ) , but she was only immune to actual burning that one time . 
  except this is n't a puzzle . 
  you 're brute forcing a very simple task . 
  yes you 'll get bored doing it , but it 's really easy to do it without making any mistakes . 
  i did the [ cs50 ] ( https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-computer-science-harvardx-cs50x ) online programming course last year for a bit of fun . 
  the first assignment with it is in scratch . 
  oh god i hate that thing with a passion . 
  python is * so * much better as a starter language . 
  including the dm , 2 players is too many . 
  any players will undoubtably ruin the dm 's perfect vision for the world . 
   whether that 's true or not is another debate, 
  under the assumption that it 's dc10 , that is true . 
  same thing . 
  honestly i think i 'm going to start using it for real . 
  compared to what ? 
  this is definitely the most convincing counter-argument i 've heard . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with it . 
  that said , i would n't claim that it is fact . 
  there 's no official ruling on the matter , and there 's no actual * evidence * that it 's true . 
  i 'd agree with you because it seems like a pretty logical conclusion , but this is a fictional * magic * system we 're talking about : it certainly does n't have to work that way . 
  freeware version of pocket casts ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , there is n't one . 
  they had a `` pocket casts lite '' version on ios for a while that was free with a few restrictions ( a maximum of 5 podcasts is the only one i remember ) , but as far as i can tell it does n't exist any more . 
  there 's never been a free version on android . 
  [ he does shitty ads , too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-n2wnyp64m ) . 
  i think it works with a lot of story heavy shows , too . 
  having a large number of episodes allows you to have some episodes which advance the main plot in a significant way , but some which are more about developing the characters and their relationships with each other and the world . 
  they could be called `` filler '' episodes , but when a show does them right , they 're really beneficial . 
  i mean , i would n't want 22 episodes of game of thrones ( though i would n't mind an eleventh ) or house of cards , but i think the format works really well in the arrowverse shows , and it worked well in chuck . 
  git is fine . 
  git does n't have any potential threats against it . 
  github , on the other hand , could go down this route just as easily as sourceforge did . 
  i hope it will never happen , and i would go so far as to say i do n't * think * it would ever happen , but then i would have said that about sourceforge just a couple of years ago , too . 
  sourceforge 's versions of certain programmes has attached malware to it . 
  if you got vlc from anywhere else you 're totally fine . 
  this was n't anything to do with the vlc devs . 
  man that sucks . 
  topping up a gocard here in brissy is really easy . 
  most major transport hubs have atm-like machines for it ( though if you 're not a tourist , setting it up online is vastly the better option , since you can have it automatically top up for you ) . 
  i 'm really surprised that brisbane is actually significantly better than melbourne and sydney in this respect -- at least from what i 've heard . 
  cash is still accepted if you really need to , though a gocard is cheaper . 
  most major hubs have atm-like machines for topping up , but there 's also the online option , where you can -- if you want to -- have it automatically top up when it gets low . 
  and you can go slightly into the negatives if you really get stuck in an emergency . 
  your comment was the only thing that reminded me of this fact . 
  i was stuck marvelling at the idea of 25 cent coins . 
  america should just get rid of their god damn 1 cent coins . 
  new zealand did it * aaages * ago , and australia followed not long after . 
  hell , even canada finally got around to it earlier this decade . 
  i 'm sure if you looked , you could find someone who 's written a c compiler specifically for the calculator . 
  aww that 's a shame . 
  thanks for the info . 
  got a link to where i can read that ? 
  could n't give a shit . 
  could * n't * . 
  he also did n't write for this season -- the first time he did n't write . 
  i have n't followed his interviews or anything , but someone else told me that he 's stated that he 's now seriously cutting back on other distractions so he can work on writing . 
  mate this is fantasy . 
  the dropped ring is her lothlorian brooch , realism be damned .
