  i 'll edit the comment . 
  cool thanks . 
  done . 
  yeah , i know you can do that from the subreddit page , but unfortunately that does n't work within a specific comments page . 
  1 free normal sized audiobook , in case anyone was thinking if getting the spleen version of a storm of swords or some other really large book . 
  those usually cost 2 credits . 
  incidentally , sign up for the platinum plan with offer code twit2 ( it 's from a podcast that i listen to , but unfortunately it only works in america , so i ca n't use it ) and get your first month free with two credits . 
  failing to deliver is better than delivering failure . 
  now , if you 'll forgive me for the cheesy slogan , basically , doing nothing about something is the default position . 
  any judgement should be about how they deviate from this default . 
  if they promise to do something good , and do n't do it , that 's not really so bad . 
  not ideal by any measure , but not too bad . 
  on the other hand , if they promise * not * to do something bad , and do it anyway , that 's much worse . 
   i think the latter are usually cheapest, 
  oh god no , just no . 
  is optus the cheapest of those three ? 
  eh , probably . 
  but none of them are remotely good pricing . 
  go for amaysim , vaya , or yatango if you do n't want to get raped by the prices . 
  they all use optus 's network , and the latter two have 4g . 
  [ vaya ] ( http://www.vaya.net.au/?option=mobile&amp;4gsimonly ) is brilliant , they 're who i 'm with . 
  definitely worth looking at . 
  i currently pay $ 29 for something that would be about $ 80 on other carriers ( though my plan is no longer available even at vaya -- i 'm grandfathered into it ) . 
  but you should also take a look at [ amaysim ] ( http://www.amaysim.com.au/ ) and [ yatango ] ( https://yatango.com.au/mobile/ ) . 
  all three of these use the optus network , which will have coverage anywhere within the city , though if you go out into the country it can be a little more spotty . 
  vaya and yatango have 4g on their current plans , but amaysim is 3g only . 
  worth noting that our 3g here is a lot better than that of the states . 
  personally , i only have 3g and i find it perfectly sufficient , so unless you plan to do a lot of video-watching on your phone , that 's probably not a huge deal . 
   24 hrs - 7 days, 
  [ source ] ( http://www.pancakemanor.com.au/ ), 
  in australia i 've seen both for tvs . 
  but phone and laptop screens are always inches . 
  wait , so surveillance turns america into south africa ? 
  or is it south australia ? 
  i 'm not sure i see the message of this post . 
  fwiw , i think the community 's consensus at the time was that the representative misunderstood the question , and thought he was asking about * existing * episodes of community appearing on netflix . 
  is n't part of the point of shadowbanning that they are n't supposed to * know * they 're shadowbanned ? 
  oh my god . 
  i do n't know if that was deliberate or not , but either way , it 's brilliant . 
  ah right . 
  i missed that . 
  man what sort of school did you go to ? 
  all of mine in school had maximum word counts , and most people frequently had trouble staying under them . 
  you would n't even need the fancy lenses . 
  some cellophane from a craft store would do just fine . 
  edit : now that i think of it , cellophane would probably be even better . 
  you could get a large enough bit to cover the entire page at once and flip back and forth , rather than having a small lens that you have to move around to see a whole line of notes . 
  oh man , this comment just seems so damn resigned . 
  hey man , you ca n't give points to yourself !, 
  that 's cheating . 
  i went trawling through all the thesauri i could find , because i was sure there had to be a word that would suffice that 's less formal . 
  but damn it if i could n't find one . 
  you really did pick the only good word for the job . 
  what signature ? 
  also episode one , when we first see routh , felicity is working in a store very similar to the buy more . 
  do you hate quinn because you think he 's a poorly thought out character , or because you hate the character 's actions ? 
  but a lack of transparency is exactly how things were done under bush , and clinton , and everyone going back through history . 
  doing nothing about it is n't any worse than what everyone else has done . 
  of course , there is the fact of the promise to do it , and the reneging on that promise . 
  but this is a very complicated issue . 
  it could be that he lied from the beginning , and never had any intention . 
  it could be that he intended to , but just got lazy , or thought it would be too hard to get through congress . 
  or it could be that he found some particular reason that it actually was n't as simple as he thought it would be . 
  all in all , this is a very complex issue and without knowing more , i do n't think it should weigh in on whether a particular president did a good or bad job , unless there were lots and lots of examples of failing to deliver on a promise . 
  this is the same as the third one ; it just omits the '' ` it is ` '' . 
  okay . 
  we 're gon na need you and her to have a few hundred kids so we can determine whether sock-sleeping is a recessive or dominant trait . 
  we 're also gon na need a few more such couples , as well as couples who both sleep with , and who both sleep without . 
  that 's stupid reasoning . 
  if he does n't like what someone 's doing , he has every right to say so . 
  and then we have every right to say that he 's dumb for doing so , because he has no good justification for why his way is better . 
   shitty arse work ute, 
  aussie detected . 
   and if you are eating , knee 's on the wheel , left hand on the drink and right hand holding your burger, 
  yup , confirmed . 
   also , controlling a vehicle is a learned/trained skill , so it matters more which hand you 've had the most practice with rather than which is `` dominant . '', 
  as someone who prefers writing with my left hand , this logic sounds exactly the same as what someone who thought all lefties should be made to write with their right hand might say , and i really do not approve . 
  the vast majority of people ( ~ 90 % ) are right handed , and thus it makes sense that cars would be designed so that any hand bias would be in favour of right handers . 
  obviously wherever possible it should be made easy to use by both , but that ca n't always be done . 
  edit left hand . 
  with my left hand . 
  yes , before it was corrected by the same person that named it aluminum originally , in order to sound better and fit with other elements . 
   and better, 
  as someone from a constitutional monarchy , bullshit . 
  they may have some potential advantages , but there 's very little reason to suggest that a president ( or whatever you want to call them ) that has only limited powers , and is elected in some non-direct manner ( i quite like the idea of 2/3 of parliament needing to agree ) would n't have the same advantages , whilst being more democratic . 
   the monarchy brings in more money in tourism that the cost to `` maintain '' them, 
  a very dubious claim , at best . 
  i love cgp grey , but he really fucked up when he put this out there . 
  it assumes that all tourism to crown lands would suddenly dry up if the monarchy disappeared . 
  i disagree vehemently . 
  there 's no evidence to suggest that ( how much tourism does versailles get every year , or the louvre ? 
  ) , and indeed one could very strongly argue that they could make * more * money from it if buckingham palace were open for tourists to enter and explore , or used as a museum of some sort . 
  not sure where you got `` less than 10 '' from , it 's [ quite a bit more than that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right-_and_left-hand_traffic#specific_jurisdictions ) . 
  though you 're definitely correct that driving on the right is more common . 
  that was a complete brain fart . 
  i meant to say `` who prefers writing with my left hand '' . 
  i have no idea how it came out how it did . 
  sure , but the same would be true of someone who started out a lefty and was made to learn to write with their right hand . 
  wait really ? 
  where ?
