  in fact , i would argue it 's fat better to say `` 180 cm '' than `` 6 feet '' , because 180 cm gives you a greater sense of accuracy . 
  for example , 6 feet could be anything from 184 cm to 181 cm , a very poor accuracy , imo . 
  powers of two ? 
  sure , some may fit this , but from the outside it seems mostly arbitrary . 
  3 feet in a yard ? 
  12 inches in a foot ? 
  neither of those has any real value , and just makes it more difficult to learn how to convert . 
  you 're absolutely right on that point , but with regards to measuring things at human scale , i think it 's absurd to argue that one is inherently better than the other . 
  both metres/centimetres and feet/inches leave things at human scales at very reasonable and manageable numbers . 
  it 's all down to what you 're used to . 
   if you can pull out hard numbers that show the costs of maintaining the current system vs the costs of switching, 
  the problem is that there are n't * any * costs associated with maintaining the current system . 
  none that are anything close to easily quantifiable , anyway . 
  it 's not an issue about money , and i do n't believe we should make it into one . 
  i still disagree about your claim that imperial is better for everyday measurements , but i also agree that it 's not a particularly important point in the debate . 
  honestly , as far as i can tell it 's a personal preference thing , and any claim otherwise i would strongly disagree with . 
  there 's just nothing inherently better in measuring multiples of 30 cm or 2.5 cm rather than 100 cm or 1 cm . 
   powers of 2 are just as arbitrary as powers of 10, 
  no , not quite . 
  in theory , yes they are , but because we count in base 10 , working in base 10 for numbers is an incredibly simple and efficient way to do things . 
  you can argue ( and there are a number of good arguments for it ) that base 10 counting is n't the best way to do things , but it 's how we do it today , and counting in powers of 10 makes sense because of it . 
  regardless , any consistent system would be good , but the us measurements * are n't * consistent . 
  distance : 12 inches -  foot , 3 feet -  yard , 1760 yards -  mile, 
  area : 144 square inches -  sq ft , 43560 sq ft -  acre, 
  mass : 16 ounces -  pound , 2000 pounds -  ton, 
  exactly one of those conversions is a power of 2 , so it 's hardly consistant use of powers of 2 , even if that was as efficient . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  google never mentioned microsoft blue , they were just using the word blue . 
  ms blue was n't even anything more than a rumour ( albeit a very strong one ) at that point . 
  this is very clearly and unambiguously about google , using there chrome logo etc. 
  that 's where i draw the line in terms of negative advertising ( and is also the reason i ca n't stand apple 's `` i 'm a mac '' ads , which seems to go against the popular opinion shared by most techies ) . 
  did you even click on the article ? 
  op just copied the title of the post he ( or she ) linked to . 
  that 's not circlejerking , it 's just being a good op . 
   they only see it in commercials or in a very stereotyped form . 
  this would seem to be incredibly true . 
  i 've just been watching the google i/o keynote , and it included [ the most painful rendition of beethoven 's 5th ] ( http://youtu.be/9pmpa_kxsam?t=1h1m30s ) . 
  if this is the common way of experiencing classical music , it 's no wonder more people do n't get into it . 
  i love google , but please tell me i 'm not the only one that thought that chrome video ( the original one , not the ms parody ) was absolutely awful . 
  that abomination of a backing track must have sent beethoven rolling in his grave , and the video was embarrassingly cheesy . 
  edit : to be fair , that second point could have applied to a lot of the videos at i/o ... 
  wait , you 've confused me ... 
  wait , do most flat-key instrumentallists prefer flat key signatures ? 
  i know as a clarinetist i tend to be much more comfortable playing in sharp keys than flat ones . 
  e major ( concert d major ) is much easier than a-flat major ( concert g-flat major , ouch ) . 
  everyone that i 've talked about this with has agreed with me , including saxophonists , trumpeters , and other clarinets ( as well as a number of concert-pitched instruments ) . 
  none of that is in any way related to my point . 
  yes , if people are harassing others , that 's not ok and should be stopped . 
  however , if you 're in a public place ( and the university is most certainly a public place ) , then you should expect that people can see you and take photos of you if they want . 
  as long as those pictures do n't amount to harassment , they should be allowed to take them . 
  they key issue here is you do n't have a reasonable expectation of privacy , and photographers need to have their rights to freedom of speech/expression maintained . 
  i 'm looking over the page now , and while i find it distasteful , i do n't see anything there that should be considered illegal or be forced to be taken down ( though again , the page has clearly stated that they will take things down if requested , even though they may not * need * to ) . 
  i 'm guessing the transgender one has already been taken down . 
  there 's a fine line to walk , but at the moment the page is clearly on the right side of that line , and so long as it stays there i say let them have your fun . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't visit that page . 
  i know i wo n't be . 
  slightly related , aussies are the only ones to get the true experience of got . 
  we get to see it when winter really * is * coming . 
  would n't it be, 
     for emotion in emotions :, 
  print emotion, 
  hungry, 
  erection, 
  ( or print ( emotion ) if you wan na go with python 3 , but still the prompts in those locations . ), 
  two questions :, 
  1 ) i ca n't figure out where your code is any different than his , other than the \\ to split the if conditions onto two lines for readability . 
  2 ) what 's the purpose of self.friendslist [  , rather than just self.friendslist . 
  surely [  just means go through all the items in the list , and therefore does the same thing ? 
  not a percussionist , but i do enjoy playing percussion instruments when i get the chance . 
  and yeah , triangle 's a bitch . 
  much easier to get a nice cymbal crash . 
  ah right , thanks !, 
   it 's the same reason some people do n't realize ctrl stands for control, 
  oh come on . 
  do people really not realise that ? 
  when you read it out , you fucking say '' ** control ** '' . 
  now , if people do n't know that alt is for alternate , that makes far more sense ( indeed , i had assumed that alt was alternate , but never knew for certain until i looked it up just now ) , because it 's not necessarily inherently obvious that alt is alternate , but ctrl is said control ( in fact , on macs they write out control in full ) . 
  that rant went on for way longer than intended , sorry ... 
  edit : i should say , though . 
  i agree completely about the tab button . 
  people know what it does just because of how ofter they 've used it , and do n't stop to think about what the symbols mean . 
  first year engineering student here . 
  can confirm . 
  matlab is fucking painful . 
  honestly , recent versions of ie are n't quite so bad . 
  it 's like norton , it 's improved vastly since `` back in the day '' but maintains the terrible reputation of when it was terrible . 
  that said , even though ie is n't terrible , chrome or firefox are still better in nearly every way . 
  faster , better interface ( tabs and address bar on the same level , urgh , wrong for so many reasons ) , more extensibility ( allowing more cool features not implemented by the browser itself ) , and better security ( which / u/glassarrows has described to you , though he 's exaggerating the problem ) . 
  haha yeah . 
  i 'm actually a clarinetist , but i just really enjoy messing around on percussion . 
  nothing more fun then grabbing a beethoven timpani part , putting on some speakers/headphones , and playing along !, 
  but i totally get what you 're saying . 
  no instrument is * easy * to play well . 
  i 'd just argue that cymbals are probably a bit easier than triangle , and a lot easier than timps or glocks , or violin . 
  see the replies to this comment . 
  and yet somehow people -- even a fairly large number of redditors -- can still defend the death penalty . 
  it 's [ hold the fort ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=om7o0mfkmpw#t=126s ) . 
  i assumed that because i do , and everyone that i 've ever spoken to does . 
  it seems obvious . 
  when referring to the keyboard shortcut to open the control panel , do you say ctrl alt delete ?
