  no , i was just interested to know . 
  ninjaedit : wrote this comment before your edit . 
   however , both are accepted pronunciations , so really neither is wrong , per se . 
  actually , quite a few people do use term `` a reddit '' as synonymous with `` a subreddit '' . 
  dawnguard adds in what is quite possibly the deepest and most well-created character bethesda has ever made . 
  she 's just leagues above everyone else in skyrim . 
  the story is also really interesting , with some cool extra insight into the falmer . 
  absolutely worth picking up . 
  i have n't yet played through anything related to dragonborn , so i ca n't comment . 
  in australia we use pants and trousers interchangeably . 
  / shrug, 
  yeah pretty much . 
  i noticed watching the soccer world cup the australian commentators have started calling it football . 
  oh you, 
  i can respect this . 
  personally i 've never found an anime that i enjoyed ( apart from a couple that i liked as a child , e.g. 
  pok\u00e9mon , and even those i have n't really liked as much when i 've tried to watch them more recently ) , but there are a heap of western animations/cartoons that i 've loved . 
  it does seem really unfortunate to me that the whole medium is generally regarded as lesser than live action film and television . 
  reports are that / u/uberbrisbane was not a legit account , although i 'd like more info from the mods on that count if they can . 
  as a vocalise , i guess ... 
  one could sing it as a vocalise , i.e. 
  with meaningless sounds ( oohs and ahs ) in the right pitch . 
  still seem really weird , though . 
  yeah i just looked it up . 
  apparently there 's a north american version that has a certain list of lte bands , and a world version that has lte bands for the rest of the world . 
  i had previously assumed that there was only one model that had support for bands worldwide . 
  i use [ sharex ] ( https://code.google.com/p/sharex/ ) , which does the same thing and is open source . 
  [ this more recent screenshot seems to imply that no , he did n't . 
  happy winter solstice !, 
  see , that was my first thought , too . 
  but then i thought , you know what ? 
  actually , given how quiet this sub is at the moment , general `` fanarty '' type stuff seems to be getting voted up a heap anyway . 
  sure , having an attractive woman in the photo does n't hurt , but i think it would 've made it pretty high up anyway . 
  here in australia ( we got rid of 1 cent ages ago ) a lot of things now use the 95c trick . 
  what might be in the us $ 9.99 would probably be $ 9.95 here . 
  so you actually get slightly cheaper stuff because of it . 
  that seems like really weird advice . 
  do you just let the coin pocket of the wallet stay unused ? 
  or would you use it for receipts and whatever ? 
  i hate you guys 's one dollar coin . 
  damn thing 's less than a millimetre smaller than ours . 
  the same colour , one side even has the same emboss of the queen 's head . 
  you got ta be looking really closely to notice it 's not an australian coin . 
  but any damn machine that takes coins will reject it . 
  ( just to be clear , i do n't actually hate the coin , i just find it frustrating how similar it is to the australian one . 
  there 's probably quite a few being circulated as if they were australian coins , and vice versa . ), 
   make card transactions easier, 
  paywave/paypass is the shit . 
  i love just being able to tap my card on the receiver and have it automatically make the transaction without any hassle . 
  any purchase under $ 100 at most major retailers . 
  i get frustrated when i have to put in my pin , now , because i 'm at a place that does n't support paywave . 
  if they 're gon na do that , why not just have the machine take your debit card and automatically add it to your account ? 
  no mate , they really do n't . 
  source : live in australia, 
  final cut pro x is by far the best amateur/prosumer video editing application available . 
  i also happen to be quite partial to aperture , although with the lack of updates to it i 'm probably going to have to move to lightroom sooner or later . 
  the software from companies like smile is also awesome to have access to . 
  and you may want to dismiss this as aesthetics ( which you seem to believe is unimportant ) , but the build quality on a macbook pro is leagues ahead of most windows laptops . 
  you get some great power in a package that 's really pleasant to use . 
  arguing pc vs mac is like arguing fruit vs apple , so to speak . 
  you sound like much the same situation as me . 
  i personally ca n't ever imagine having a mac desktop . 
  the prices are much higher than what you could build yourself for a desktop computer of similar hardware , and for me the build quality ( which is undoubtedly better on a mac ) does n't really matter very much . 
  that said , for a laptop , build quality does matter very much , and thus i have a macbook pro and i ca n't really imagine getting a non-mac laptop at any point in the near future . 
  plus , having a computer with each operating system is great , because you can run absolutely any application . 
  ( synergy is awesome , too , when i 'm at home . 
  control both computers with one mouse and one keyboard . ), 
  software version numbers do n't work like that . 
  it 's common practice to go to version x. 10 , x. 11 . 
  for another example , see the [ version of ubuntu codenamed `` saucy salamander '' ] ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/releases ) . 
  decimal numbers also do n't have two decimal points . 
  based on the comment i replied to , i think puush also auto-uploads to imgur . 
  seems that for standard usage , they 're pretty much equal feature-wise ( though i suspect sharex probably gives a lot more control if you want to do more advanced things ) . 
  [ so does google now . 
  wait , they do n't even have a 50 cent coin in america ? 
  holy hell it 's no wonder everyone 's complaining about coins . 
  looks like that puush app is available on os x. 
  you could give it a go . 
  oh , right . 
  that 's rather disappointing . 
  and if it 's a combo lock ? 
  they could also have been using 16 bit unsigned . 
  and just for completeness , i 'll point out that unsigned usually does n't have am equal amount of positive and negative numbers . 
  many signed number representations , particularly two 's compliment , the one that is most likely being used , can go one further into negative than they can positive . 
  you probably knew this , i just thought i 'd point it out for anyone else . 
  please tell me this is copypasta , and you did n't just write al of that . 
  actually , if you did write it all , that 's pretty amazing . 
  that 's a shitty rule . 
  what post is that ? 
  actually the white rhino is named thus because of a mistranslation . 
  they should be called `` wide '' rhinos , referencing the broad mouth . 
  ah right . 
  i do n't subscribe to that subreddit . 
  that would be absolutely hilarious if it was n't really sad . 
  you may want to check . 
  i think there may be plasma being generated on your arm . 
  it would n't be a stack overflow , would it ? 
  the value would n't be in the stack . 
  surely it would just be an integer overflow . 
  [ reference for anyone confused ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/210as1/google_ultron/ ),
