  no , i do n't know that , because it 's not true . 
  most of the time , the patient is n't showing enough symptoms for them to reach an answer at first , and they either get worse naturally over time , or the treatment house 's team gives them for what they * think * it is ends up causing * more * symptoms which helps them get to the right diagnosis . 
  source : recently binge-watched house to trying and finish all of it before it left netflix yesterday . 
  alt codes do n't have alphabetic characters in them . 
  they are n't just a unicode code point with the alt key pressed first . 
   i have n't found a system that randomizes stats in a fair way without dm mercy . 
  the system i use is 4d6 drop 1 . 
  then , find out the * total * modifier , before racials . 
  if it 's between +2 and +5 , they play it . 
  if it 's below +2 , they can play it if they * want * , but you let them reroll . 
  if it 's above +5 , they have to reroll . 
  now , i 'm rather lenient and depending on the exact distribution i might allow something that 's +6 , or allow a reroll with +3 , but as a general guideline , i find the above works really well . 
  in terms of mechanics , the biggest thing you need to remember is just ** never assume anything works the same way ** . 
  there will be a lot of small cases where you might naturally just assume something is possible or something works in a particular way . 
  but it 's a completely different game , and more often than not this sort of thinking will lead to incorrect calls . 
  mistakes i 've seen pop up a lot from people coming from 3 . x are how a rogue 's sneak attack works , and how spellcasters prepare spells . 
  in terms of lore , there are a few options . 
  one is to * embrace * the fact that your players know more than you about the sword coast . 
  encourage them to help you get the flavour right , and if one player asks a question probing into a bit of lore that you do n't know , give another player permission to answer it as if they were the temporary dm . 
  another option is to say `` this is my version of the realms , and it 's not going to be identical to the official realms '' . 
  and simply declare that any incongruities just have to be dealt with and players should not rely to much on their pre-existing knowledge . 
  in practice , i find a balance of these two options to be most useful . 
  i lean on other players on areas that i am lacking knowledge and * know * i 'm lacking knowledge , while saying that sometimes i 've made a decision to put something somewhere , and even if it 's not there in canon , it is in our version . 
   by total modifier , do you mean all ability score modifiers added together ? 
  correct, 
  hmm . 
  i did n't notice that . 
  singers usually have dynamics at the top , because their lyrics are at the bottom . 
  just so you know , boogie is actually a pretty cool dude . 
  francis is just a character he plays . 
   advantages is on average better than a +5, 
  nope . 
  advantage is , in the * best case * , equivalent to +5 . 
  that 's if a success requires you to roll a 10 or 11 . 
  it becomes less valuable if the target is lower or higher than that . 
  that said , it 's still crazy strong as an ability that goes against * all magic * . 
   fly 50 ft is just ... so incredibly strong, 
  that 's what the aarakocra have . 
  reskinning official content can not , by definition , be considered broken in the homebrew community . 
  comparing it to the race 's in volo 's guide is n't great , because they 're not really considered standard races available for play in the way the phb and ee are . 
  they 're more like special weird races if you really want a particularly monstrous out-there character . 
  take a look , for example , at the orc . 
  it 's just * crazy * underpowered . 
  if you really wanted to be an orc you 'd be better off just playing a half-orc and reskinning it . 
   dwarven toughness and tenacious willpower seem kind of stong [ sic ], 
  dwarven toughness is what hill dwarves get already . 
  assuming wp is just reskinned hp , tenacious willpower * does * seem pretty damn strong at low levels , but at higher levels it tends down towards being equivalent to the half-orc 's relentless endurance . 
   especially since the 5e designers intentionally removed racial ability penalties, 
  ** this , this , this , this , this . 
  ** unless you have a really , * really * strong need for it , you should * always * avoid racial penalties in races designed to be standard playable ones . 
  without knowing much about this race , it 's hard to know how strong the need is , but consider that half-orcs have no penalty to either intelligence or charisma , and neither gnomes nor halflings have strength penalties . 
  your need better be much stronger than those to justify it . 
   charm animal has potential to be busted , but only because the wording is so sparse, 
  i 'm assuming they mean `` beast '' . 
  and i would recommend to op that the wording be changed to explicitly reflect this . 
   what do you mean by `` proficiency in an arcane school of your choice ? '', 
  it answers your question right after that statement :, 
   add 1d4 to any damaging spell of that arcane school twice per long rest . 
  which admittedly has a few problems . 
  first , calling that `` proficiency '' leads to confusion like you experienced . 
  second , 1d4 to damaging spells makes evocation significantly more valuable than other schools . 
  i would suggest it should be changed in some way to be somehow valuable over a broader range of spells . 
  there are apparently some magic items as well as some beasts that could be used for druids or * polymorph * . 
  absolutely no idea . 
  i logged in to the bot 's account , marked that page message unread , and that fixed it . 
  so i guess if it happens again , wait a few minutes and try paging again ? 
  edit : wait , op edited the comment containing the page message . 
  might be that it was invalid before the edit . 
  the bot reads messages as soon as it gets them , so edits wo n't help . 
  wait , your comment has been edited . 
  what was it before the edit . 
  would n't happen to have been a space between the + and the / u / , would there ? 
  any list that says brisbane and melbourne are * less * `` livable cities '' than sydney is one worth ignoring , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i do n't think the public is aware of tanya image . 
  which in itself might be why tanya does n't care about public image . 
   almost all ~ ~ japanese ~ ~ anti-piracy measure are dumb . 
  they just do n't understand it at all . 
  best case scenario , they delay the uptake of piracy by a month or two , they never succeed long term . 
  but they frequently cause more problems for genuine consumers , and the more clever the the method is , the more time and effort it 's going to take away from devs . 
  maybe the japanese are particularly bad with it . 
  i really do n't know , i do n't play very many japanese games . 
  but the problem also exists with western games . 
  ignorance of the law is not an excuse . 
  bad stitch job ? 
  i mean , it 's certainly not perfect , but apart from like two points on the sandbar , i can barely notice it . 
  it 's a really nice photo . 
  aww , wish the politics had won over the prepping video . 
  ah well . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  it is n't visible . 
  you 've tried to put a two-column width monster starting on the second column , and that 's resulted in it getting shunted down off the bottom of the page . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  out of interest , what browser are you using ? 
  it annoyed me greatly that artemis and bumblebee 's boyfriend had the original on the * left * , and the proposed actor on the right . 
  all the others are the other way around , why are those two flipped ? 
  anyway , i liked the choices for roy , bumblebee , bumblebee 's boyfriend , and zatanna . 
  the rest were between `` meh '' and `` no effing way '' .
