  point buy is a little * too * fixed for me . 
  my general method is 4d6 drop lowest , 6 times . 
  if the total modifier is not between roughly +2 and +5 , on the lower end you * can * reroll if you want , and on the higher end you * must * reroll . 
  exceptions are given for some other cases though . 
  for example all 12s , despite having a mod of +6 , would be an optional reroll . 
  four 12s and two 10s , despite being in the legal range , also allows a reroll . 
  the idea behind this is that you end up with a balanced party , so no one will feel too weak or too strong , but the distribution can be varied . 
  some players might get a 16 -- 18 and the rest around 8 -- 11 , some might get a few 10s and a few 14s , etc. 
  with point buy , it feels way more difficult to justify anything other than a 15 in your main stat ( and it annoys me to no end that 15 is the max , when 4d6 drop lowest has a roughly 15 % chance on each roll of getting that , which means a nearly 2/3 chance of at least one score reaching 16 or higher when you roll 6 stats ) , 13 -- 15 in your secondary stat , and 10s and 8s in the rest . 
  it 's rather stale , and makes for a more natural tendency towards min/maxing rather than roleplaying . 
  that 's a pretty bullshit argument to make . 
  man of steel had some pretty serious problems , mostly with regards to how the character of * superman * was portrayed ( and you * can not * just disregard previous incarnations of the character when discussing a new version ) , but also a few narrative ones . 
  the non-linear narrative style which nolan seems to love so much just did n't work for mos . 
  it was great in his batman movies , but the way it was used in mos just felt janky and disjointed . 
  i do n't know if that 's because snyder tried to emulate nolan 's style and failed , or if it was a decision that came down from nolan more directly , but it did n't work . 
  but with the character , it just so horribly portrayed what superman is meant to be . 
  the biggest problem is with young clark . 
  and to be honest , the biggest one of these in my mind is both terrible for clark as a character , and * awful * writing in a more general sense . 
  the scene with the tornado , where pa kent died . 
  it 's obviously a terrible decision because of how it affects the character , but even from a narrative perspective it never made sense . 
  pa kent decides to go out into a tornado to save a fucking * dog * , and clark then decides he * should n't * save the person who has raised him his whole life , despite very easily having the capability to do so . 
  zero sense . 
  terrible forced conflict within clark . 
  if you look at the nolan batman films , they did an * amazing * job of hitting all the important themes for his character . 
  the importance of fear , the way he has to operate from the shadows and outside of the law in order to do what is ultimately for the greater good , and the personal pain and loss he has had to suffer in order to do it . 
  all hallmarks of any great batman story . 
  superman is meant to contrast this . 
  they are fantastic foils for one another . 
  he 's the ultimate icon of good and justice . 
  a god-like figure who nevertheless does n't see himself as above his adopted world , but a part of it . 
  man of steel said `` fuck it '' to all that , let 's make another brooding dark angsty ( almost anti- ) hero . 
  if man of steel had been about an original character who just happens to have the same powers as superman , it would have been good . 
  not great ( owing to the technical flaws mentioned above ) , but good . 
  but it was n't . 
  it was an adaptation of * the most * famous superhero of all time . 
  and as such an adaptation , it failed miserably . 
  yes , randomness is the point . 
  but too much randomness is a bad thing , because you can end up with one player who has n't got a score above 14 * after racials * , and another with all scores between 14 and 18 . 
  it 's no fun being stuck in the shadows of another player , even at the thing you 're supposed to be good at . 
  randomness within certain bounds gets the best of both worlds . 
  you get the randomness of not knowing exactly how your distribution will lie , but you get a balanced team where no one is substantially stronger or weaker than anyone else . 
  i want them to display the price in the local currency , like they do for every other fucking country they support . 
  and then charge a reasonable amount . 
  for this game , $ 14 would make sense . 
  that 's roughly what it is currently anyway . 
  i just do n't want them hiding behind the obfuscation of a lower price . 
  they 've already localised their prices in aus . 
  some games have different prices in australia than america ( sometimes over 50 % higher ) . 
  but despite this , they display it in usd . 
  it would be like if the price listed on the uk version was currently $ 14.40 usd . 
  the same value as what it already is ( # 10 ) , but they 're displaying it in a foreign currency for some reason . 
   a natural one on a skill check is . 
  not . 
  automatic . 
  failure, 
  except it is , because if the dc is so low that a 1 would have been a success on a check , the dm should not have asked for a roll at all , because there was no chance for failure . 
  i still wish that they had gone that route . 
  it would have been so cool . 
   which w3schools used to be full of, 
  i think this is the most important point . 
  a lot of people do n't seem to realise that w3schools is actually pretty damn good these days , whatever it may have been in the past . 
  the technical term for it is `` chroma key '' . 
  blue is the second most popular colour these days , but in the past i believe it was the * most * popular one . 
  that 's even worse , because then everyone has an identical distribution . 
  at least with * point buy * there 's going to be * some * variation . 
  it general , no , it 's if you 're at +6 or more . 
  but as i said , they 're rough guidelines , and certain specific cases can be exceptions . 
  okay , to all those that are doubtless going to come and criticise grey , including some who probably wo n't have listened to it , here is the crux of grey 's argument . 
  try to keep on topic rather than arguing about the book more generally . 
   the thing that i find interesting and valuable in guns , germs , and steel , that i almost never see the critics argue against , is the theory that the book presents . 
  guns , germs , and steel gives to me gives a very simple but very basic theory of history . 
  it 's a theory that only operates on very long time scales , and over continent-sized human divisions , but it is still nonetheless a theory . 
  because i think it makes if not a testable prediction , a question that you can ask about the world where you can say look , if we were to rewind the clock and play history again , what would you expect would happen ? 
  and the guns , germs , and steel answer is that , because eurasia , the whole of eurasia , is more susceptible to human technological flourishing , let 's say you should expect 80 % of the time that the first to colonial technology , that happens in eurasia . 
  and maybe 10 % of the time it happens in africa , and like 5 % of the time it happens in north america , and like 1 % of the time it happens in australia . 
  not that it could never happen , but it is just extraordinarily unlikely . 
  and so that to me is the interesting thing ; it is this theory of history . 
   and so in many ways , like , i agree with tonnes of the criticism about the particulars in the book , and tonnes of the details that jared diamond gets wrong , because jared diamond is not a professional historian , he 's an ecologist . 
  that to me is the value of this book , and i think that is very interesting . 
  but then this then trips in historians into an idea that you can not say geography is destiny . 
  historians are * very * , * very * , strongly against this idea , for reasons that i find difficult to understand . 
  and every time that i get into an argument , or i see arguments that take place over the book , what usually happens is , just as so many of these things , * different sides are arguing different things * . 
  like , i want to have a conversation about what is the current state of the theory of history ? 
  like , has much progress been made about the theory of history ? 
  but then a historian wants to argue with me about why was it spain who was the first to meso-america , and why did spain lose their lead to the united kingdom . 
  and my view is always okay , but that 's too small . 
  we want to talk about * continent * levels here , not particular countries . 
  this is not meant to tell you why a particular country came about . 
  it 's only here to give you an estimation that people on a particular continent will be the ones to colonise the world . 
  that 's my view of this book . 
  fwiw , i say this as someone who has neither read the book nor its criticism . 
  i do n't have a personal opinion on the matter . 
  i 'm just presenting this to make a clear frame of reference to make sure people are arguing the right thing and not going on about irrelevant details . 
  that bit about `` different sides are arguing different things '' is the main thing i 'm trying to help us avoid this time around . 
  just wait . 
  they 'll be along soon enough . 
  no , it 's the subreddit for discussing the beta version of reddit 's official android app . 
  the beta process is private ( beta testers had to agree to a non-disclosure agreement ) , and they got a heap of people in just recently to sign up for it . 
  aww , i was hoping / r/ageofmythology would trend today . 
  maybe tomorrow ?
