  shame about all the jokes ( even if they do exist for a somewhat logical reason ) . 
  ah ok . reading yours it was as though it was spelt with an l , but the l is silent or something . 
  i was just a little confused is all . 
  my , what a bizarre conversation to be having in / r/thelastairbender haha, 
  i have n't experienced this . 
  however , yes , you 're absolutely right that closing should move it to the systray only , not the taskbar . 
  ( that 's what i understood from what you 've said , is that what you meant ? ), 
  i suppose there are * some * advantages to * still * not having upgraded to windows 7 ... 
  green , although with a vietnamese isp i would n't be surprised if my `` isp is redirecting dns traffic '' , if that 's relevant . 
  i 've set my dns manually to 8.8.8.8 with 8.8.4.4 as secondary . 
  i never said it was n't . 
  only reason i have n't upgraded is that i do n't have the money for it . 
  however , it is n't a problem that occurs in xp , so `` it 's a skype issue , not a 7 issue '' is only partly true . 
  yes , as far as i know my isp does have dynamic ips , so that 's a very likely explanation . 
  within my house , my windows computer frequently gets a message saying other devices are sharing the ip address , or something like that . 
  i think this is because my isp only allocates one , maybe two , ip addresses to us , and with upwards of 4 devices on the net , they have to share an ip address . 
  should i get my family to scan theirs too ( or , rather , should i run scans on their computers ) ? 
  haha , very good point . 
  although i 've never seen korean in avatar , only chinese calligraphy . 
  an upvote for the mind-blowing logic , and for confusing the fuck out of me . 
  ibm as a business has survived , even thrived . 
  but in consumers ' minds it really no longer exists . 
  much like microsoft 's sharepoint , azure , sequel server and other business services/programmes , it is n't relevant to consumers and wo n't contribute to the company staying in people 's minds in the next 50 years . 
  i would tend to agree with you that even if microsoft 's consumer front-liners , windows , hotmail , and the xbox no longer exist in 50 years time , they have been far too important to be completely forgotten . 
  most of today 's tech-savvy 20-year-olds and under have grown up with these things , and will still be around in 50 years , after all . 
  is the woolworth you mention related to woolworth 's , the supermarket chain ( in australia ) ? 
  if so , it has n't really died , just moved countries , or something . 
  edit : nevermind , woolworth 's was actually named after the f.w. 
  woolworth company 's brand , but has no actual relation to it . 
  that 's * sir * jonathan ive . 
  oh come on . 
  i was going to up vote for a very good reasonable defense of gates and windows , until you started on with the bloody needless apple hate in the last two paragraphs . 
  shame on you . 
  just wanted to say thanks for the help . 
  it seems to have solved itself . 
  i think it must have been some problem on their end . 
  whoa , whoa , whoa . 
  you can stop by the chest to pick up extra arrows ?? 
  how !?!? 
  also , can you do the same thing when you see the trebuchet in some sieges , in order to make it launch ? 
  but vanilla has it ? 
  i did n't even know there were more than the first three !, 
  i do love troisi\u00e8me gnossienne , though . 
  i was tempted to do the same . 
  instead i put him for classical only , but followed it with a note explaining that i 'm more interested in his post-3rd symphony works , which are romantic era . 
  for romantic i chose my next favourite . 
  i 've only studied to a high school level , and i did n't see any such bias . 
  for the university question put n/a . 
  haha remind me not to get in your way then !, 
  i think it 's left over from classical guitar , where you really do need dexterity in your `` strumming '' hand . 
  yeah , but right handers can use left hand rules the same way . 
  in my experience flemming 's left hand rule was needed much more than the right hand rule i learnt . 
  many sports , in fact . 
  others in this thread have mentioned boxing and cricket . 
  it 's been my experience that it 's a big advantage in fencing , too . 
  beethoven 's 3rd symphony is often regarded as the first example of romantic style music . 
  his instrumentation is still very much classical ( relatively small orchestra ) , but the style is , as of that piece , more romantic than classical . 
  i dunno , i think it 's interesting . 
  i had never heard of any of these when i first came to this subreddit , but it 's something i 'm interested in knowing . 
  by the way , if the test in this subreddit is not a good one , could you link me to one that you would recommend ? 
  i 'm interested in taking one . 
  the spoilers work fine for me with night mode on , as does the konami code . 
  if you have steam , add m&b as a non-steam game , and you can take screenshots just by pressing f12 . 
  this is one of the only reasons i actually use steam . 
  spherical , or exists as a point mass with small , positive charge . 
  hey !, 
  what subject is your ee under ? 
  itgs ? 
  nah , i finished on may 22nd . 
  now nervously awaiting results !, 
  good luck with your ee , good to see that you 're not leaving it to the last minute !, 
  [ here ] ( https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2559026/typingspeed.png ) is a graph that i made while i was first learning to type . 
  each day i would type a phrase of some length in both qwerty and dvorak , timing myself . 
  could you elaborate a bit more about the zuko field trip arcs ? 
  what exactly was wrong with them ? 
  the giant ice walls in the northern tribe, 
  aang could n't overcome it until he went into the avatar state . 
  what alittler was suggesting by this , i 'm not exactly sure . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not sure how this could have been achieved without a lot more episodes than they had , but i guess that you 're right about a lot of that anyway . 
  i agree that this bot is very useful , but i do n't really understand your specific reason . 
  mobile devices ? 
  if they 're able to browse reddit , why would n't their mobile device be able to see memes too ? 
  yes i understand that . 
  but the person i was replying to was stating that people ca n't see it because they 're on a mobile device . 
  to my understanding any device that has internet access can , barring any of the other mentioned reasons , also load pictures . 
  i remember reading about a pluggin for sibelius that aims to give pronounced words to the choir parts . 
  if i remember correctly , it was great as an example of the technology , but not yet really useable functionally . 
  i 'd say it 'll be less than a decade before they * can * replicate words . 
  of course , it 's just pure conjecture really . 
  i absolutely love every example that you 've given for williams , although i did n't quite like how he used darth vader 's theme in the prequels . 
  if it really was just how you described : showing anakin 's gradual transition to the dark side , it would have been brilliant . 
  but he in fact used it in cases completely unrelated to anakin , which kind of ruined the effect for me . 
  i would have preferred if it was just fragments of the theme throughout , and then comes in in full force either when sidius names him `` vader '' , or even at the very end of the third film when he gets the suit . 
  i also love how anakin 's theme contains harmonic instabilities and motivic similarities to vader 's theme . 
  it could be that agreeswithidiots ( relevant username ? ), 
  was referring to how he often uses very similar music to much older works . 
  for example vader 's theme is similar to chopin 's funeral march , jaws theme is like the opening to the fourth movement of the symphony from the new world . 
  even so , in each case he really takes the quote and makes it his own , so i do n't think that detracts from his standing as a film composer in the slightest .
