  completely unrelated fun fact , some people are stupid . 
  is there really an electorate called batman ? 
  where is it , i want to move there . 
  jesus i never knew those things were so cheap . 
  definitely got ta get one . 
  i would say it 's more of an argumentum ad populum than an appeal to authority . 
  but otherwise , you made a good point . 
  as / u/benicek said , it 's a civilisation reference . 
  the ai in that will call you out on this ( massing armies at their borders ) too , and your options are to declare war or claim you are just passing through . 
  what / u/endswithasmiley was implying was that while technically your vote does not count if you do n't number all boxes , in practice they are lenient and will count them anyway . 
  i do n't know if this is true or not ( and i make no claim either way ) , but citing the aec website does n't disprove him . 
  but for those people who do n't care , there 's above the line voting anyway , so i fail to see how that would make a difference . 
  all mandatory full preferencing does is make people who otherwise might want to vote below the line for specific candidates , but are still not entirely devoted to it , vote above the line instead . 
  their voices do n't get heard properly . 
  10 plank lengths . 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  i am ** not ** ok with all the people taking vertical video on their smartphones and tablets . 
  for the love of god , turn the damn thing the right way . 
  the entire series of lectures is absolutely brilliant , and i would highly recommend anyone interested in the history and theory of classical music watch them . 
  for reference , wp 's source stated, 
   `` at the end of the interview , they asked what was i looking forward to doing while i was in singapore , '' mckellen said . 
  `` and i looked at the man , who was clearly straight , and said , ` can you recommend any decent gay bars ? 
  ' , which would be illegal in every possible way . 
   `` i looked at the playback of the program afterwards and i 've never seen the credits come up ( on the screen ) so quickly , '', 
  urgh do n't get me fucking started on this ... 
  my suggestion , if they do try to id you say you did n't bring any id since they checked you when you preordered it . 
  to be honest , if you 're going to try that , it 's probably best to leave yourself at home . 
  because i really ca n't actually see it working . 
  could someone fill me in on the original story ? 
  i completely missed it . 
  that story !, 
  i did hear that one ( or at least , i read the headline ... ) . 
  did n't realise it was the same story , though . 
  thanks . 
  holy shit i vaguely remember reading that !, 
  i knew it sounded like far too familiar a story . 
  as a 19 year old with a family history of balding . 
   let 's be serious , that 's every country . 
  to be honest , at first i thought i had misread the title and that it must actually be saying that you can be so * under * privileged that you do n't go to gaol . 
  because the way it 's * actually * stated is ... non-controversial , to put it politely . 
  maybe you could do the same . 
  one less inconsiderate arsehole would most certainly make the world -- or at least the internet -- a better place . 
  i `` command-f `` ed `` lawy '' and was really surprised to find that you are the * only * person to have mentioned contacting a lawyer . 
  op , if you really think this is discrimination or harassment ( to me it would seem more likely the latter ) then a lawyer needs to be your first port of call . 
  well to be fair you never mentioned her age . 
  he 's probably assuming she 's old enough to not need to take a seat over there . 
  i thought it was two party preferred ... 
  maybe we should just avoid using ambiguous initialisms ... 
  ok musk sticks i get , but why is turkish delight in that list ? 
  * ` supply ' teacher as the name for a substitute, 
  * the word ` year ' ( also used in most english speaking places outside of na ), 
  * exam leave in year 11 ( for gcses ), 
  * `` come in dressed in own clothes '' , must be a place where uniforms are the norm ( again , this part could be most places outside na ), 
  yup , very british . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've played aoe ii , but is n't that more from the original aoe ? 
  as others have said , the detachment adds weight , size , and cost . 
  it means that battery life on a single charge is going to be less ( because the battery will have to be smaller to accommodate that clip ) . 
  if you 're going to be carrying around an extra battery anyway , might as well carry an external one . 
  either way it 'll take up space in your pocket . 
  that 's what i do with my n4 . 
  i 've never thought of your first two points , and i can imagine them being reasonable downsides to non-removeable batteries . 
  that said , i 've never had any issues with either of them , so i 'm not really sure how big a deal they are . 
  but your last point , about extended battery , is completely pointless . 
  having a removable battery requires adding a mechanism to allow removing the battery , which means the battery itself will be smaller , meaning you get more on a single charge . 
  since in order to get that extended charge from a second battery , you will have to carry something in your pocket anyway , you might as well carry an external battery and keep the longer charge on a single battery that comes from not having it be removable . 
  aye , the eu may be bigger than the us in terms of its economy , but both of them are too large for google to lose . 
  china may be a big economy , but google 's penetration there is tiny ( relatively speaking ) , so leaving china is n't such a large hit to them . 
  it is legal . 
  it is n't * right * , but it 's legal . 
  what is and is n't legal is determined by government ; that 's the definition of legality . 
  true , fair point . 
  yeah to be honest , when i saw the title i was expecting him to congratulate m&b for * not * falling into the same things most games do ... 
  the only thing i can think to ask is : how many copies of your books have you sold since this ama started ? 
  you probably should 've linked to your book on the kindle store , probably coulda sold a few copies . 
  damn you are a good person . 
  still , i 'm not sure a single link to it would be a problem . 
  there 's a big difference between that and annoyingly trying to shove the promotion down or throats . 
  voice over as in you read them in your head , or voice over as in text-to-speech software ? 
  the good thing is , this comment is now the top one ( even if it got less upvotes ) . 
  that said , i think the palahniuk quote is a good one . 
  it is n't describing a way of writing well , but a way of * learning * to write well . 
  you force yourself not to do those things * while learning * so that you have the skills to write in a more detailed and interesting way . 
  once you can write proficiently in that way , you no longer need to force yourself to follow those restrictive rules all the time , and you are a better writer for it . 
  possible got spoiler alert, 
  are you talking about the character played in the show by the guy from misfits ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  is that a reference that i 'm not getting ? 
  what is the cootie-catcher ? 
  ah right . 
  i got the impression after reading it that you were criticising m&b . 
  right !, 
  cootie-catcher is another name for chatterbox ? 
  i 'm late to the party , but i agree completely . 
  the second christmas special was for me the worst episode of the entire show . 
  if you 're interested ( and do n't already know ) some of the people involved in total annihilation have gone on to make a new rts called [ planetary annihilation ] ( http://www.uberent.com/pa/ ) , and it looks like it 'll be awesome . 
  i think they should do a dual ama together . 
   an unfiltered/pre-approved list of questions coming at him could be far more telling than anything rudd would offer up in an ama, 
  except even if he did an ama , he 'd still only answer the questions that appeal to him , and only in a very `` stock answer '' kind of way . 
  i do n't think his point was that representative democracy is undemocratic ( he did n't make the same claims about the uk or australia being undemocratic , for example ) , but that -- and let me be clear here i 'm not agreeing with him , just trying to point out what i believe he was saying -- in america your representatives do n't do their job of representing you and holding up your rights . 
  exactly so .
