  that 's a bronze-gold colour and a lightish greyish blue . 
  anyone who sees it as the dark blue and black that the dress actually is , is n't seeing the * image * as the image actually is . 
  similarly , anyone who sees gold/white is also not seeing it correctly . 
   vampire diaries is ... bleeding, 
  sit, 
  over, 
  what are you folding ? 
  at level five sneak dice are 3d6 , that 's a maximum of 18 . 
  if we assume a dagger , that 's 1d4 , though it could also be up to 1d8 depending on which finesse weapon they 're using . 
  so far we 're at up to 22 damage even if it 's not a critical . 
  their ability modifier could quite reasonably be up to 5 by 5th level if they started with a good roll , got a racial bonus to it , and increased it at level 4 . 
  that would get them up to the full 27 as an absolute maximum without critting . 
  31 if he had a rapier . 
  of course , being an assassin , they might have even got the auto-crit from the `` assassinate '' feature , which would bring the maximum up to 49 ( 22 * 2 + 5 ) . 
  it 's a little bit of a stretch , but it certainly does n't require anything particularly out of the ordinary like unusual feats or magical items . 
  wait people fold it ? 
  what even is the point ? 
  you 're going to the wrong cinemas then . 
  do n't go to event cinemas , they 're ridiculously expensive . 
  find someone cheaper if at all possible . 
  in brisbane we 've got cineplex in southbank , and you can get a ticket there for $ 8.50 ( $ 11 if it 's 3d ) during what would be considered moviegoing `` primetime '' . 
  two of those makes $ 17 . 
  assuming that the time to get to the cinema , watch the movie , and get back , is at least two hours , the babysitter at $ 10 is more expensive . 
  as far as i can tell , cineplex only has cinemas in seq , but i 'd be astonished if there were n't * some * cheap cinemas in sydney and melbourne , too , and i 'd be fairly surprised if the other capitals and major cities did n't have cheaper options . 
  my internet is being really slow at the moment , so i do n't think i can listen right now . 
  but i absolutely adore the duduk , and the cellos are among my favourite instruments . 
  so i definitely intend to give it a listen when i can . 
  do you have a score to go with it ? 
  it makes it easier to provide feedback . 
  edit : i see the score now . 
  took me from before the score was posted until 15 minutes after it was posted to actually submit the comment . 
  watch on the left wrist implies the person 's right handed . 
  it 's a common misconception . 
  on a crit , * all * dice rolls are doubled , but not any constant modifiers . 
  edit : copy-pasted from the `` critical hits '' section on a pdf of the phb :, 
   if the attack involves other damage dice , such as from the rogue 's sneak attack feature , you roll those dice twice as well . 
  the only thing i disagree with you on is pvp . 
  i absolutely love the pvp in eso . 
  otherwise , that 's a brilliant concise description of the game . 
  one of the national broadcasters ( channel 9 , iirc ) in australia did a poll of its audience ( a few dozen thousand people responded ) and got something like 72 % seeing it as white-gold . 
  and one of the other threads that was talking about this linked an article from a well-known online newspaper that had a couple hundred * thousand * respondants saying about 75 % seeing white-gold . 
  fwiw , doing a pixel analysis of the actual photo reveals a gold-bronze sort of colour and a lightish , greyish , bluey colour . 
  edit : the online one had a couple hunderd * thousand * respondants , not just a couple hundred . 
  not only american unfortunately , mate . 
  good advice . 
  they might change their mind let minute . 
  they might be doing a u-turn when you expected a normal turn . 
  might be changing lanes rather than turning , or could have just put it on ridiculously early for the next corner . 
  you just ca n't trust the blinkers to be a reliable indicator that the person is turning left/right at the next intersection . 
  yes it is a terrible picture , that 's why this whole debate can exist . 
  the actual dress is a deep blue with black . 
  but the photo clearly does n't show that . 
  the photo shows bronze-gold and lightish-greyish blue . 
  it has been exposed really badly , as well as awful white balance to adjust for the shitty lighting conditions . 
  also missing aboriginal/torres strait islander , and something that maoris could pick . 
  fwiw monochromaticism is a real thing , albeit an extremely rare thing compared to more common colour blindnesses like red-green . 
  only if you 're talking about the mean . 
  when discussing qualities about populations like humans , it 's generally more useful to use median . 
   and can afford the montly payments, 
  they 're getting rid of the monthly payments , that 's the point . 
   as a father of daughters, 
  as someone who 's seen the original house of cards , i find your choice of words somewhat ... disturbing . 
  but i agree with your point 100 % . 
  oh cool , i do n't run in to too many people who have seen it . 
  [ this clip should remind you ] ( http://youtu.be/xh7klsz0eq4?t=5m0s ) . 
   take a concept that is already fleshed out in a cool and interesting way and deciding to make it less interesting, 
  [ like oblivion did to cyrodiil ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zuynhkal1i ), 
  nikon  canon  sony  all else . 
  come at me . 
  what would the formula for their equivalent of respiration ( and perhaps also photosynthesis ) be , given that there 's no water . 
  would they have to use something different as their energy source , rather than glucose ? 
  just a side note , while raw milk is illegal in all states in australia , there are actually a small number of legal producers of unpasteurised cheese . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/radionational/programs/rnfirstbite/raw-milk/5257270 ) . 
  ( and it seems to be a radio show that 's for download that may provide interesting discussion about the matter . 
  i do n't know if it supports your view or not though , i have n't listened to it . ), 
  if anyone knows how to make them form fillable , please let me know . 
  i 'd really like to give these to my players , but it 'd be better if they were able to fill them in before printing . 
   told you 're not allowed on the foot paths, 
  as a queenslander ( visiting this thread because i just heard about this story -- absolute tragedy ... ) it astonishes me at the stupidity of the victorian and nsw governments ( and possibly others ) that they do n't allow cyclists on footpaths . 
  90 % of the time for a commuting cyclist the footpaths are the safest and best option , and the risk to pedestrians is absolutely miniscule compared to the risk to the cyclist on the road . 
  a cyclist is far more able to see the pedestrians , and far quicker to swerve and/or stop to avoid collisions with them than a car could ever be with a cyclist . 
  oh shit man ... i did n't hear about that . 
  but wow , just went to check the post about it in / r/australia . 
  predictably , there 's people in there talking about how the cyclist should n't have been riding there , or downvoting people who take the stand that motorists need to be more careful and considerate . 
  and oh god , the / r/melbourne threads are even worse . 
  honestly with the specific example of the d&d episode , i think one was enough . 
  i loved the first one , it 's probably in my top 5 community episodes . 
  but i thought the second one was pretty damn awful . 
  i mean , not bottom 5 awful , but definitely somewhere in the lower order . 
  i think what he means is that it ( i was fine with it ending after two ... ) is just his opinion , and you do n't have to share his opinion . 
  got ta say , fwiw , i 'm totally on board with you . 
  season 3 was probably my favourite , and definitely had quite a few of my favourite episodes . 
  aww damn , that 's unfortunate . 
  potentially a good idea . 
  but it does have downsides . 
  there 's still the risk of getting doored by passengers , since anyone sitting in the back seat is likely to get out that side if there 's traffic , and the front passenger seat opens that side . 
  of course , the dooring wo n't be nearly as dangerous , since it wo n't run the risk of pushing the cyclist into moving traffic . 
  there 's also the problem that it makes it more awkward for the cyclist if all or part of the bike path is unusable . 
  if there 's debris on the bike path , a cyclist is allowed to ( and * should * ) move out onto the road .
