  but also , you should drive assuming everyone else is a fuckwit , and keep far enough back that if the guy in front of you does something stupid , you 're still safe . 
  you 're not annoying at all . 
  this is awesome !, 
  you paid for a pirated copy of a pdf ? 
  that seems ... counterintuitive . 
  that would depend on whether anyone else is already getting recognised in nsw at the state level . 
  assuming not , it does bother me a little , but not much . 
  i 'm not from nsw , so i care very little for anything they do , and i also care very little for state politics in general ( and would rather they ceded much more power to the federal level ) . 
  yeah i do n't buy this theory . 
  i 'd be interested to read a more detailed explanation for it . 
  maybe that covers the obvious flaws you pointed out . 
  but it sounds really unlikely . 
  should * have * written , or should * 've * written for short . 
  not should of . 
  better than scotland 's irl national animal . 
  at least squirrels ( presumably ) exist in your setting . 
  better than scotland 's irl national animal . 
  at least squirrels ( presumably ) exist in your setting . 
  it 's necessary for a few other mods ( which use it to adjust their mod-related settings ) , but if you 're going mod-lite , and you prefer the default ui , then no , skyui is n't necessary . 
  i 'd caution you regarding aesthetic mods , to stay away from ones that change the landscape too much . 
  from what i 've seen , a lot of them change the nature of the landscape . 
  turning what is supposed to be frigid tundra into lush forest , for example . 
  it 's quite bizarre to me how many modders ( and the users of these mods ) decided they wanted trees * everywhere * . 
  i always thought eragon was a corruption of aragorn . 
  i liked the premise of the magic system , but not the execution . 
  once they started adding in dozens upon dozens of gems where you could store your power , it ruined the most interesting restriction . 
  at that point , the types of things they were doing with magic just got way out of control in my opinion . 
  i could be misremembering , but there * may * have been a sneaky look at his crotch before the look at the camera . 
  if that helps . 
  at 7th level , fighters usually get skill-based abilities . 
  one of the most common and basic errors in homebrew is to be overly focussed on combat , and i think this succumbs to that problem . 
  you really should submit it over at / r/unearthedarcana for much more , better , feedback . 
  i 'm curious about what you like about it thematically . 
  my problems with it are that first of all it 's just a weapon that 's supposedly giving you these powers . 
  it does n't make a lot of sense , in my mind , for an intelligent weapon to be able to grant a player character the powers of a warlock . 
  * maybe * at lower levels there could be some justification for it ( though even then , i think it is a poor fit ) , but the weapon granting a player the ability to cast * finger of death * , or make your shadow split away from you . 
  but that 's a little subjective . 
  what 's a lot more just plain problematic about it is the fact that a player who gets their power from a magical weapon is probably going to want to * wield * that weapon . 
  thematically that 's what makes sense . 
  to quote / u/flametitan in the / r/dndnext thread :, 
   my biggest problem with the hexblade is that in some ways what you expect from its patron is not actually what you get . 
  if you draw power from a magic sword , it 's reasonable to assume you 'll either possess the sword or at least find it at some point in the adventure . 
  the actual patron is designed under the assumption that no , you do n't actually get to use the weapon you draw power from , but it 'll give you different weapons to take advantage of . 
  and related to this and to my first point , even if you * do n't * get to wield the weapon , the idea that it 's * possible * for a magic weapon to grant you specific powers even over great distances , seems to me like utter nonsense . 
  i generally prefer my patrons to be extraplanar , because those are the sorts of beings for whom it makes sense to be able to `` grant '' someone else some power . 
  i completely agree regarding the flavour . 
  to me it 's just complete nonsense . 
  in terms of mechanics , i 'm curious about what you mean by `` already incredibly high dps eb/ab build '' . 
  it 's not a * bad * build by any means , but it still does less than a rogue with a shortsword , or a fighter ( or even barbarian ) with a greataxe . 
  and the fighter and barbarian even come with much greater defence in addition to their greater damage , having heavy armour and unarmoured defense , respectively . 
   blame the problem on automod, 
  new theory : modern family is flashpoint . 
  in terms of reliability , these are a step * below * the ua articles . 
  they are quite literally homebrew that just happens to be made by people who work at the same company that makes d&d . it 's on exactly the same level as stuff from / r/unearthedarcana or shared on this subreddit . 
  a lot of other people have pointed out that warlocks do n't have to sell their soul . 
  i would go a step further . 
  a warlock * should n't * sell their soul , in 90 % of cases . 
  in d&d , souls are a very real tangible thing . 
  you * know * that the state of your soul determines the quality of your eternal afterlife . 
  why would you just sell it ? 
  no , you 're going to make a smaller deal . 
  probably agree to perform some favours for your patron . 
  maybe specific ones , maybe you give the patron an iou . 
  maybe somewhere in between ( iou , but no ordering me to kill innocent people , for example ) . 
  the * forfeit * for this contract might be your soul , however . 
  basically , you agree to do something for them in exchange for powers . 
  if you do n't live up to your side of the bargain , * then * they get your soul . 
  and you might not want to live up to your side of the bargain , because they might be asking you ( a pretty good guy , over all , even if a little flawed ) to do horrible , evil things . 
  that 's what makes warlocks so interesting , in my opinion . 
  this tear between good and evil . 
  it 's like the force in star wars . 
  many a `` good '' guy has wanted to use the dark side to help them do more good things ( anakin , you 'll probably remember , turned to the dark side partly because he was being unfairly scorned by the jedi , but also partly out of a desire to save padme 's life ) , but that power can corrupt you . 
  but the point is , at the time of first becoming a warlock , you make a very specific contract as to what you are willing to do for them in exchange for the power . 
  it might involve some bargaining , and laying out specific terms . 
  your patron will probably , especially if they 're a devil , take the terms of that bargain * very * literally , and try to find a way to get you to do something you do n't want to do , but did n't * specifically * say you would n't do in the terms of the agreement . 
  alternatively , a patron might have any number of other reasons for giving away power , and might not directly ask for anything in return . 
  maybe a fey senses this person is naturally inclined to use power to defend nature , and gives the power away for that reason . 
  maybe a devil forms a pact with a warlock hoping that the power corrupts them , and they start killing people , potentially delivering more souls to the hells . 
  or he might be a collector devil . 
  someone who is trying to ` collect ' warlocks , and have one warlock of each of a certain type . 
  maybe it 's one descendant from each of a group of ancient powerful kings . 
  maybe it 's one member of each intelligent race . 
  maybe , if you 're playing in the forgotten realms , he wants to collect the [ toril thirteen ] ( http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/toril_thirteen ) , descendants of each of the thirteen tieflings responsible for the apotheosis of asmodeus and the creation of the tiefling race as it is known today . 
  and then there are the great old ones . 
  personally , i do n't like them very much as warlock patrons , because they defeat what i see as the coolest thing about being a warlock , which is dealing with your patron . 
  but they add something cool of their own . 
  goos are entities so powerful that they might not even care that they 're giving power away to a mortal . 
  some sort eldritch of ritual might be used to gain the power , and while it 's an enormous amount for you , it 's like the touch of a fly to the goo . 
  i like to think that this source of power , being so impossible to comprehend for a mortal , will inevitably slowly drive anyone who uses it mad . 
  if you 're interested in what can make warlocks so interesting , i would highly recommend checking out the brimstone angels series of novels , by erin m. evans . 
  the protagonist is a warlock , and the books do a really good job of portraying the conflicting nature of the pact and showcasing what can make warlocks , in my opinion , hands down the most interesting class to play . 
  if you 've read through all the races in the player 's handbook for 5e , you 've already read a little bit from two of the books . 
  the quote at the beginning of the tiefling entry comes from the prologue to the first book in the series -- the absolutely chilling scene in which the protagonist first forms her pact -- and the entry for the dragonborn is from one of the later books . 
  paladins are also a pretty great class for roleplay , because their oath is kinda similar to the warlock . 
  but because the oath is a more abstract concept , and one which they take because they specifically * believe * in its terms , there 's just a little less room with the paladin than there is with the warlock . 
  your first one sounds a lot like my old warlock . 
  except mine was a former archdevil trapped in the book , and my ending was n't quite so nice . 
  mine got killed by an angel while still trapped in the book , and when i subsequently wished with a genie to bring him back to life , the damn thing did it , but then sent him in the book round to the opposite side of the globe . 
  so is it not , therefore , directly related to the suffix - ology meaning the study of ? 
  i would disagree with that .
