  they were mutated by the experiments/accidents . 
  what more do you need ? 
  and a quick search turned up [ this question and answer ] ( http://s8.org/gargoyles/askgreg/search.php?qid=14204 ) , through [ this reddit thread ] ( / r/youngjustice/comments / 5c3qm1/has _ greg_weisman_changed_his_position_on_speed / ) which also has a lot of good reasons that it would not be a good idea for them to introduce the speed force in order to bring wally back , particularly the comments by the op , 8flight , christmassteve , and daveyddial . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  as this is your second warning , in the future your posts may be removed if they are not flaired . 
  you never need an excuse to post a cat pic !, 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` adventure '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  looking only at your changelog , not at the details of the actual document :, 
  i assume you mean it 's now a half caster instead of a third caster ? 
  i 'm personally not a fan of this change on principle , as the artificer should be mostly about creating stuff , not casting spells . 
  the other comment has good arguments against extra attack . 
  i personally feel that versatility should be the primary design focus of any artificer , and * especially * the alchemist . 
  reducing versatility in exchange for strength feels like a bad move . 
  this is much needed . 
  mechanical servant as a base class feature was always a bad idea . 
  having it as its own subclass is a massive improvement . 
  what keyboard layout do you use ? 
  i 'm quite amazed that someone who `` unironically loves typing '' uses both a stock keyboard and qwerty . 
  where 's the love for a superior layout like dvorak ? 
  if you love typing , it 'd make your experience doing it so much better . 
   the first step toward awarding the state 's electoral votes proportionally, 
   giving one to the winner of each congressional district and two to the statewide winner, 
  why do people call this proportional ? 
  this is not proportional in the least . 
  it 's winner-takes-all conducted on a smaller scale than statewide , plus statewide . 
  if a state were to move to a fully proportional system , that 'd be pretty cool . 
  but this is not proportional . 
  i 've never had problems with people talking in southbank , myer centre , or chermside in brissy . 
  i 'd argue the biggest problem is not the association with illegal activity , but the fact that it makes people think they 're a joke party , with no intention to take things seriously . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  i do n't think 1 mb/s is really a necessity for web browsing and streaming . 
  for more complicated tasks like gaming , file sharing , etc. 
  it 's definitely important to have a good upload speed , but i get about 0.8 up on tpg and apart from when i 'm doing tasks which require a lot of upstream bandwidth i never have any sort of problem with my connection . 
   planes hitting turbulance or ferries and wake are _ limited _ and _ rare _ in comparison to the 100 % failure of qr 's tracks . 
  i have had a near 100 % rate of experiencing some turbulence in flight . 
  on the other hand , the number of times i 've had a train trip replaced by bus or cancelled entirely could be counted on one hand . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had to stand up on a qr train , either . 
  that 's pretty astonishing , considering it 's an absolutely awful park . 
  there 's literally nothing worthwhile there if you 're over the age of about 12 . 
  it 's a much more densely populated area , to be sure , but i know i would never go there again even if i was let in for free . 
  it 's just not worth the time or effort . 
  to be fair , i exclusively travel by train outside of peak hours , so that probably makes a huge difference . 
  i 'm extremely surprised about the turbulence thing though . 
  where/how often do you fly ? 
  most of my flying is overseas . 
  i do n't know much about the science behind turbulence , but maybe it 's more common over oceans ? 
  or maybe just the larger distances make it more likely . 
  how does that work ? 
  in this system , does n't winning all but one electorate mean the most you can get is three ecvs ? 
  one for that electorate , and two for winning the popular vote in the state ? 
  i hope you do send and invoice to each of the shows stealing your stuff . 
  it 's one thing when someone pirates for personal use , but it 's on a completely different level if they 're doing it to promote a commercial event . 
  they should n't be allowed to just get away with it . 
  i hope you keep us posted on whatever you end up doing/their response . 
  unfortunately things get posted here that do n't belong all the time . 
  the mods just do n't care . 
  there was one a few days ago of a tiled path that happened to be worn through use . 
  like no , that 's literally what the tiled path was meant to be like . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  * fireball * is a pretty standard spell gained relatively early on , and it does 8d6 damage . 
  once they reach 9th level , rogues can do 7d6 ( in two separate attacks ) , if they choose . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  the previous comment said, 
   one candidate could win all but one district in the state and still lose the ecv 's, 
  the scenario you just provided had the candidate who won 4 electorates , and one who got 1 electorate plus the state . 
  in other words , your scenario proves the previous comment i replied to wrong . 
  if you 're using a superscript number plus footnotes , my recommendation would be to just use the same superscript number in the text . 
  point to '' ^ ( 1 ) '' multiple times . 
  though in general , it 's probably better to use a bibliography section at the end of the whole paper , rather than footnotes on each page , and refer to * those * using your superscript numbers . 
  look up ieee style referencing , since that 's what your current system seems closest to of the styles i 'm familiar with . 
  also look at how wikipedia does references on its articles , because that 's ieee-like . 
  it 's some cool cinematography to be sure , but how did it make sense in context ? 
  surely the * character * could see himself running towards an image of himself , which would give away the fact that it 's a mirror ? 
  yes , but candidate a ends up with the most ecvs , which is what your first comment said they would * not * do . 
  this subreddit is for 5e . 
  the link you 've supplied is to the feed of the tumblr account , not to a particular post . 
  could you please edit it to point directly to the right post , so it will still be valid indefinitely ? 
  even more cantrips if he dropped some of those two level dips down to one level , and instead grabbed a few threes , to get arcane trickster , eldritch knight , and pact of the tome . 
  add being a human for the magic initiate feat . 
  the little `` flair '' button underneath your post . 
  it 's a tagging system to make searching and sorting content easier . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  with photos , your best bet is to share them by uploading to imgur , instead of uploading to reddit 's own image hosting service , which does n't support albums . 
  even better would be to share the pdf directly via google drive . 
  yeah , i kept expecting the guy trapped under there to leap out like it was a prank or something . 
  nope , just a straight up video of a guy helping another guy who was trapped get out . 
  literally nothing that even approaches unexpected . 
  the non-partisan thing works there because the house of commons has over four times the number of members our house of representatives has . 
  removing the speaker from their party would make a much bigger difference to numbers here than it does there . 
  as for the other stuff , that 's already how it works here . 
  we have adopted speaker dennison 's rule as part of our own convention , since the very beginning of the parliament of australia . 
  you might discount it for being not technically a nation , but have you ever looked at / r/european ? 
   but because i 've studied economics, 
  huh , i would have pegged you as an international relations guy , considering what threads you most often comment on . 
  anyway , i 'm curious as to what your thoughts are on the long term prospects of the current economic system , with automation likely to far outpace the rate at which new jobs can be created . 
   the problem is that the world is not ideal , people are not equal , some are better at certain things than others, 
  no one is arguing that people should all be equal .
