  on the other hand , i recently * did * follow it in spite of local knowledge suggesting otherwise , and it ended up taking about half as long again ( i.e 1.5 times as long ) as it should have . 
  good bot, 
  i did the route down and back twice this month . 
  i only went as far an newcastle the second time , but that 's close enough . 
  nonsense . 
  longer terms allow governments to think long-term . 
  the way it currently is , they 're constantly in campaign mode . 
  it 's much harder to do things that are harsh upfront but pay off over time . 
  the prime example is the nbn . 
  if labor could have implemented it and had 4 or 5 years to get it underway before the lnp was able to fuck it up , maybe it would n't be such a fucking mess right now . 
  i 'd be strongly in favour of moving towards the system the uk uses in this respect . 
  5 year fixed terms , unless a two-third majority of parliament votes in favour of early election , or confidence is lost . 
  yes , that 's 10 years for senators in normal conditions . 
  jesus christ no !, 
  we should extend it out to 5 years . 
  the shorter terms are , the less a government can actually fucking get done . 
  they spend too much time having to campaign , rather than actually working on legislation and demonstrating that what they 've done works . 
  the us has two year terms , and look what a mess their congress is . 
  the prime example is the nbn . 
  if labor could have implemented it and had 4 or 5 years to get it underway before the lnp was able to fuck it up , maybe it would n't be such a fucking mess right now . 
  5 year fixed terms , with the option for an early election given a 2/3 majority of parliament agrees to it , or if confidence is lost , seems just about perfect to me . 
   nothing stopping national leaders from being replaced after an election, 
  well , of course there is n't ? 
  why the hell would there be ? 
  we do n't vote for national leaders , we vote for local members . 
  without going full on retard and changing to a politicised presidential system , you do n't change that system . 
  the us votes every 2 years for their lower house . 
  i do this , but for some reason even after i 've realised i 'm not going to publish , i still keep writing and finish it , and then press cancel anyway . 
  see , what you 've done here is emboldened the words for emphasis . 
  it would make sense if comics did this . 
  but they do n't . 
  the words in comics that are bold make no sense . 
  it 's just ... random . 
  ninja edit : but it seems the above comic is not a particularly bad example of this . 
  there 's a certain amount of sense to its bold words . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with victoria . 
  [ it was us between 2003 and 2012 ] ( http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/queensland/queensland-no-longer-the-smart-state-20120722-22hpw.html ) , in addition to being the sunshine state . 
  there was some talk at the end of last year about reintroducing it . 
  dunno if anything happened with that , though . 
  yup . 
  it 's the [ tomorrow series ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomorrow_series ) by john marsden . 
  tomorrow , when the war began is the first book . 
  i loved the series when i read them . 
  they were published in ' 93 - ' 99 . 
  they 're young adult novels , but i would say they 're probably aimed at the older end of that spectrum . 
  i 'm not sure how well they 'll hold up for an older reader , since i was in the sweet spot when i read them . 
  i * think * they 'd probably be okay though . 
  there 's also a sequel series called the ellie chronicles , published 2003-2006 . 
  i did n't like those very much to be honest , but if you end up reading the main series and like it , and want to know what happened afterwards , they 're at least worth reading . 
  if you finish the main series and feel content or uninterested , i 'd recommend avoiding the sequels . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  any news on this ? 
  i feel uneasy about unarmored defense that * does n't * use 10 + dex + something . 
  i wo n't say it 's * bad * , but i 'm a little uneasy about it . 
  also , i find charisma a strange choice . 
  wis and con , which the two examples of ud already in the game use , make a lot more sense to me . 
  but how does your charisma decrease the amount of times you get effectively hit ? 
  the distinction between war songs and battle cries very interesting . 
  instantaneous things which can be used a few times per long rest ( later short rest ) , versus long-lasting songs that can be used a limited number of times per long rest . 
  one question that is not clear is , how many chants can you have going at once ? 
  can you be singing two war songs at the same time ? 
  if not ( and i would recommend not , to make balance easier ) , you need to specify this . 
  can you use a battle cry while a war song is being sung ? 
  the way it 's worded right now is definitely * yes * , but i thought i would point it out just in case this was unintended . 
  the wording on how many times you can use a war song is awkward . 
  it makes it sound like you * only * get uses of songs back once you have spent * all * of them , and * then * take a rest . 
  so you do n't gain the benefit of a rest refreshing your songs if you only sang one of them , and you have 2 available . 
  the second level stuff seems good . 
  you need to put a little note after the second level stuff about what happens at third level . 
  look at the phb fighter or rogue , for examples . 
  they describe the basics of subclasses at this place , so you can read the class entry in order and know what 's going on . 
  same thing for asis . 
  you need text explaining that these are going on . 
  7th level is good . 
  nice seeing that this class has a healthy mix of combat and social features . 
  chieftain 's yell references chant range . 
  but chants do not have a universal range , they each have their own specifically given range in their chant descriptions . 
  you should change each of the chant descriptions to say `` within range '' instead of `` within 30 feet of you '' , and update the base chant description at level 1 to say `` your chants have an effect on creatures within 30 feet of you '' , or something similar to that . 
  i really like chieftain 's strike . 
  it 's a very nice way of getting an extra attack-like damage increase , with much more appropriate flavour for this class . 
  war song improvement 's `` once per rest '' restriction seems unnecessary . 
  the ability already costs the expense of an action . 
  i see nothing wrong with allowing unlimited use of it , since it does n't extend the time period of chants anyway . 
  for charismatic leader , `` skill checks '' are not really a thing in 5e . 
  we have `` ability checks '' . 
  i personally do n't like the name `` position '' for this class 's subclass . 
  it 's not very evocative or interesting to me . 
  and i do n't feel like it really even makes a whole lot of sense . 
  apostrophes are for possession ( `` bob 's apple '' means the apple of bob ) or contraction ( `` bob 's apple '' means `` bob is apple '' ) . 
  `` chieftain 's serve '' ? 
  chieftain is serve ? 
  the serve of chieftain ? 
  when you 're pluralising something , you just put an s on the end of the word . 
  right now , i 'm only going to look at the warlord position . 
  the introductory text of the warlord needs a lot of improvement . 
  grammatical errors , unclear meaning , and use of fullcaps for emphasis ( bold or italic would be better , if you really need to visually emphasise it , though i 'd recommend just letting the reader infer that ) . 
  alive in combat is pretty good .
