  since most conc checks require a dc 10 , you only need to roll 7 currently , advantage is slightly better than +4 . 
  with war caster , you 'll pass a dc 10 conc check 91 % of the time . 
  with resilient , you 'll pass it 90 % of the time once you reach level 5 . 
  85 % of the time before that . 
  which feat you go with is really up to you , there are obvious plusses and minuses to both . 
  i 'd probably go with war caster because of its extra features , and because i rarely see con checks that * are n't * concentration . 
  but if you value con saves , or the extra hp , it 's the better choice . 
  either way , i 'd definitely go the feat over the asi . 
  asis are boring , and when your three most important stats are * all * already +3 or more , they 're not necessary . 
  specifically the right hand . 
  i 've been mostly playing 323 jump 323 , with possibly some 212323434 thrown in occasionally . 
  but it does n't feel particularly elegant to me . 
   there are a lot of amateur photographers that feel entitled to people 's wedding days and get all uppity with people like me pointing out that this is not a time to practice . 
  there are no do overs . 
  any second shooter at a wedding should be in direct communication and control of the first . 
  this is the case even when two experienced wedding photographers shoot together . 
  holt shit dude . 
  in the past on this subreddit you 've always seemed like a pretty cool guy . 
  i quite liked you . 
  but this just makes you sound like an entitled prick . 
  would you really go up to me and tell me to stop taking photos ? 
  if so , you can fuck right off . 
  i 'm going to do my best to stay out of your way , of course , and if i am in your way , definitely ask me not to be . 
  but you can fuck right off if you think i 'm going to put my camera down for the whole night . 
  i 've taken photos at every reception i 've been to since i had a camera , and the couple has always been very appreciative of the second angle , faster turnaround , and photos taken long after the official photographer has gone home . 
  oh , well in that case i apologise and take back everything i said . 
  my bad . 
  hi , just so you know , you appear to be shadowbanned . 
  this means no one will see your comments unless they are manually approved by a moderator of the subreddit . 
  it 's something that is only supposed to be applied to bots and spammers , no legitimate users should ever be shadowbanned , but in your case , that seems to be what 's happened . 
  you should go to / r/shadowban to learn more and to find out how to try and remedy the situation . 
  it clearly is meant to be beethoven . 
  mozart wrote 41 symphonies , and yet this one starts with the ninth . 
  it 's also noteworthy that beethoven is * known * as a symphonist , whereas mozart has only a small handful of noteworthy symphonies , compared to his concertos and operas . 
   programmer dvorak is n't compatible with a standard keyboard 's ascii keys, 
  the fuck it is n't . 
  yeah , the symbols are different from classic dvorak , dsk , or qwerty , but you can still use it . 
  i myself use a variant of it that fixes some of the problems with it ( specifically , the numbers being retarded , as well as placing brackets , square brackets , and braces to be used by the same finger making the same motion , on the opposite hand ) . 
  the bot is right , btw . 
  you should be saying `` should have '' or `` should 've '' , `` would have '' or `` would 've '' , not `` should of '' and `` would of '' . 
  good points , otherwise . 
   9/10 they know much less about than the doctor, 
  damn dude , that 's being really generous . 
  some certainly do , and some are . 
  but it 's probably closer to 99/100 or more . 
  that 's not even trying to be a dick and say `` her durr peepol are stoopid '' . 
  there 's that , but there 's also the fact that the vast majority of people do n't have the training necessary to know enough about this specific field to make a judgement better than their doctor -- who does have the training -- could . 
  people keep saying this , but g + * improved * youtube . 
  the comments now are vastly better than they were before the initial g + integration , but worse than before they semi-separated the two again . 
  not perfect \u2260 not better than before . 
  plus , as i said , it got worse again once they loosened the g + integration . 
  there was a brief period where it was tightly integrated with g + and the real names policy ( even if that was pretty easy to bypass ) where the comments were at their best . 
  still not perfect , but better than now , which is better than before . 
  bad bot, 
  i do n't , because i 'm an android user ( in this sub for the mac stuff ) . 
  that said , i also do n't use android pay . 
  my reason for that is simple : my bank does n't support it . 
  my country was nearly a decade ahead of america in adopting tap to pay through visa paywave/mastercard paypass , so banks have very little incentive to support apple or android pay . 
  only one major bank in the country supports both of them , plus a bunch ( but still not a significant percentage ) of smaller credit unions and locally focussed banks . 
  the reason for this is that we 've been using tap to pay for nearly a decade . 
  it was pretty much ubiquitous even back in 2012 . 
  that meant that supporting apple and android pay required zero effort for the storefronts in most cases . 
  unfortunately because of this ubiquity , very few of our * banks * support it , since the demand is much lower here than in the us . 
  the convenience of pay compared to paywave is way less than the convenience of pay compared to swipe and sign or chip and pin . 
  it 's a bad idea because without donations being allowed , those who are independently wealthy will have an enormous advantage . 
  you ca n't pool some of the wealth of a lot of people to help get someone elected , you can only spend your own money . 
  you 've reached the right conclusion in this case , but for the wrong reasons . 
  freedom is a very good thing in general , but we restrict a number of specific freedoms in our society for very good reasons . 
  you could argue that the burden of proving that restricting a freedom is worthwhile is on the one proposing the restriction . 
  and to that i would agree . 
  but there 's far more to be gained in this case by giving a reason that the proposition is bad on its own merits , than waiting for someone to propose why it is a good idea and then shooting down those arguments one by one . 
  hey , this post was automatically filtered by reddit 's site-wide spam filter . 
  i 'm guessing the image host you use must be banned . 
  there 's nothing we as subreddit moderators can do about this , except to approve posts on a case-by-case basis . 
  that said , your post seems to be asking for help with adjudicating rules in d&d . that content would be more appropriate at / r/dndnext . 
  this subreddit is for sharing and evaluating homebrew . 
  so i will not be approving this post . 
  my password is actually '' ******** '' . 
  that way i always know my password is being entered correctly when i type it in . 
  it sounds like it was a windows desktop app . 
  it 's sad that this comment was downvoted . 
  in australia , the word football refers to afl , or in some rare circumstances , rugby league . 
  it does n't refer to soccer . 
  i do n't understand what it is about soccer fans in this country trying to make calling it football a thing . 
  it 's unaustralian . 
  the sport is never going to be mainstream in this country , but alienating the majority of people who prefer other sports by trying to usurp the word used to describe their sport is never going to help . 
  league is the most popular ( edit : * winter * ) sport up here , but it 's more often referred to as league or `` footy '' than the full `` football '' . 
  that term is generally reserved for the southern sport . 
  what would a film by shamalan have to do with / r/tla ? 
  for what it 's worth , fossil fuels are essentially all made from ancient plants and plankton , not creatures that one thinks of as `` animals '' ( although some percentage of plankton * are * animals , many are also other types of life forms , like bacteria and algae ) . 
  was the queen actually involved ? 
  i thought kerr acted first , and consulted the crown later . 
  i fly regularly and would say that the security as it was previously is not too bad . 
  it has always been perhaps a * tad * on the heavy side , but not by too much . 
  looking at the news though , and how it 's changed recently . 
  fuck that shit . 
  security theatre is fucking bullshit and i do n't want to have to turn up three fucking hours before the flight to be able to make it on time . 
  i do n't want our airports turning in to the same fucking shithole to travel through that , for example , malaysian airports are . 
  or worse , america ( though that 's only from hearsay -- i 've not been to the us myself ) . 
   dedicated screening for frequent flyers is a godsend,
