  after resetting , ti-84 family calculators get put in radians by default . 
  haha , but we do now . 
  op is studies . 
  what level are you , by the way ? 
  looks like we 've got the full gambit here , 
  just fyi , you 're not strictly supposed to talk about it ( they even , apparently , specifically mention just saying if it was good or bad ) for 24 hours after the exam : except with those from your own local area . 
  i want to downvote you for ruining such a good quote , but i ca n't ... 
  thanks for the information . 
  there are endless `` gradually an x '' clones ? 
  i 've actually only ever seen one post by `` gradually_porn '' ( or some such name ) , and never any clones . 
  i actually really liked it ( but then , as someone above said , novelty accounts are brilliant when there are n't many of them ) . 
  it was the first novelty account i came across on reddit , so that could have helped . 
  also : your account name looks a bit like a novelty one , 
  that 's a really sweet idea ( getting the poem translated into chinese , not the `` fuck your mother '' ) , but would it really work ? 
  words in poems are specifically chosen not just for surface meanings , but for connotations , rhythm , sound , and rhyme . 
  surely the translation would n't hold as much significance as the original poem ? 
  do n't feed the trolls, 
  score ? 
  what 's the test called , and where can i find it online ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  i guess i should consider myself lucky that i have n't come across them too much , then . 
  haha , nah i do n't really mind the novelties , they 're often pretty cool . 
  then again , i 'm pretty new here , so it 's possible that the more experienced redditors just get bored of them after a while . 
  when i first saw your name , i had to double check it was n't the_onion , which would have been cool , but oh well , 
  yeah , that 's why i left rhyme till last . 
  i feel it 's the least important of the lot . 
  the connotations of the word , beyond it 's strict meaning , are still important , i feel . 
  `` was n't you , i tripped '', 
  yeah , definitely , although if it was just a fun thing as a present for someone ( which was the impression i got ) , it could be ok . 
  even with a skilled translator , i would be skeptical that it would convey everything the original was meant to . 
  that does n't seem * too * misogynistic . 
  what reasonable person would really say that the father * should * have no say in whether the child lives or not ? 
  sure , he goes about it in a misogynistic way , especially the last two paragraphs , but his point stands . 
  not if by `` how far did he travel '' they 're talking about displacement , in which case it 's a simple triangle : basic maths . 
  depending on the context , the question `` how far did he travel '' could legitimately be interpreted as either total distance , or displacement . 
  if you take his first three paragraphs , and just slightly reword the second paragraph ( do n't mention hyperbolous things like a stranglehold ) , then end it there , it makes a good point . 
  ah , that 's true . 
  good point . 
  i just feel that the man should have some level of legal power . 
  definitely not a 100 % veto , and probably not even 50 % of the power , but at least a good 1/3 . 
  of course , it 's not that easy to slap numbers onto this matter , unfortunately ... 
  very well said . 
  sad , but true . 
  ah , many thanks !, 
  also , congratulations on reaching the ripe old age of a million and 18 ( or so ) !, 
  that 's true , but you also likely would n't measure the distance he actually travelled . 
  you 'd only say the distance between his starting point and the point he reached in america . 
  at least , that 's what i would be most inclined to give . 
  have n't looked at the link yet , but that does n't even make sense !, 
  how would america 's low-quality paper money possibly last longer than the polymer stuff used by countries like australia ? 
  every wallet i 've ever used has a pocket for coins . 
  often zipped to prevent things falling out ... 
  if the world population finds out about those it might ruin australia 's tourist industry !, 
  damn ... if i ever go to a country that does n't include tax in prices i 'm gon na get scammed so much ... 
  do you know why they do n't do it ? 
  it seems like nothing more than a deliberate attempt to piss people off ... 
  i had a friend in studies who did the same thing . 
  well , i think it 's just common sense that the man should have some legal say in the matter of whether his child is aborted or not . 
  after all , even if it 's an accident , if the woman were to choose to keep it the man would ( legally ) have to help pay for child support . 
  it 's also common sense that he should n't have a complete veto over it . 
  i also think that , sense it is the woman who would have to carry it , a 50/50 split would n't really be fair , even though the man would also have his life negatively affected by the child being brought to term . 
  so i propose somewhere between a 50/50 split , and the man having absolutely no legal say whatsoever . 
  if there is a legal battle , the strength of their arguments would be weighed , and if the arguments are of equal strength the woman gets her way , but if the man can create a convincing argument then his side would win . 
  wow , i did n't even know there was such a thing as a literary translator . 
  ( stupid me , i know ... ) but still , thanks for that info !, 
  i saw c ) as a way of getting to know what people really think about you , or about a certain matter that 's of importance to you . 
  about l ) , if you have n't already you should really see the things written by iglidante about it , as well as the short story outline by hijklmn0 . 
  iq test is a really poor measurement of `` intelligence '' as a whole . 
  it really only measures logical-mathematical intelligence , and there are so many [ other important types of intelligence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theory_of_multiple_intelligences ) . 
  true that it 's not the same sort of paper that comes out of a printer , or that we write on , but it is a sort of paper . 
  '' [ today , usd notes are made from cotton fiber paper , unlike most common paper , which is made of wood fiber ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_dollar#overview ) '', 
  wow ... thanks for that . 
  i do n't have a need to always be correct , i actually had that quote in mind when i wrote my first post , but was on a mobile device : it would have been too difficult to explain myself fully . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  i was `` calling him out '' because i was hoping someone could explain it to me . 
  the fact is that american money feels less sturdy in the hand than australian , so it does n't make sense to me that the american dollar would last longer than others . 
  also , i was n't criticising his explanation , i was pointing out the inaccuracy in it , in the hope that he would learn . 
  i know that when i 'm wrong about something , i like to be corrected : i do n't want to go through life making the same mistakes repeatedly . 
  so , i provided him with a nice bit of information that i know ( had it been shown to me under the same circumstances ) i would have been pleased and intrigued to see . 
  so now i 'm left here , being called an asshole by some random troll , still wondering why the us dollar supposedly lasts longer than notes in other countries . 
  oh , and i did n't check his source because it was n't a text one , it was an audio one , which would be awkward on my mobile device . 
  i have since listened to it , and it did n't help to explain what was causing my confusion . 
  have you got a link ? 
  or some other way i could find it for myself ? 
  yeah , i have listened to it now , but it does n't explain to my why american money is more durable than other notes . 
  i do n't know if the us$ 1 is more durable than other american notes , but i can very easily tear a us$ 20 ( i put a tiny tear in one corner to see if i could ) , the same could not be said for a 500,000 vnd note , which is made from australian polymer . 
  neither does homeopath -- oh * i get it * !, 
  i really enjoyed the survey , and i definitely hope that we will get to see the results of it here on samplesize !, 
  wow , thanks for that . 
  i guess it does make sense . 
  a stupid system , but i guess the businesses are n't the ones to blame . 
  good explanation !, 
  merci monsieur !, 
  edit : i did n't do that because i thought the language of the link was french , it was just completely random on my part . 
  however , seeing as the link was italian reddit , grazie !, 
  haha fair enough . 
  again , thanks for the link !, 
  i quite enjoyed doing this survey . 
  i hope we get to see the results when you 're done with them , 
  hahaha did they really do this ?
