  metallio, 
  consider also the milgram experiment . 
  people will dohorrible things if someone in command tells them to . 
  i 'd rather have racists than fundie religious racists , just because it 's one less thing to hate about them . 
  still , i see your point . 
  how someone like sarkozy could ever have gotten in is simply amazing . 
  even the french are n't that racist ... 
  patriot act ? 
  the point is , if a right is given based on certain circumstances , but is no longer relevant in today 's society , then it can and should be removed . 
  the debate should n't be about whether or not it is a right in the united states , but whether or not it * should * remain a right . 
  there are very good arguments as to why gun rights should stay in america , as mickey has pointed out . 
  making the circular argument that we should keep gun rights because we have gun rights ins ' t one of them . 
  yes , but my point is simply that this is n't what we should be debating . 
  the debate is the reasoning . 
  saying we ca n't remove gun rights because we have gun rights is a completely fallacious argument . 
  saying we ca n't remove gun rights because we need protection , or because it would simply not be effective , is good debate . 
  we should stick with that . 
  i guess it 's true that i have n't seen too many hugely anti-immigration or other racist things from american politicians recently . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i was trying to get at with my last post , only you 've put more detail into it !, 
  if `` in here '' the argument i make is controversial , then the atheists of / r/atheism are as ignorant as the christians they seem to hate so much ( before you downvote me to hell , that was * hyperbole * ) . 
  as for the exact percentage , it 's not given , but it is implied to be a very high one , i 'd say over 80 % is being conservative . 
   classical historians , as well as biblical scholars now regard it as effectively refuted . 
  [ 22 ] walter p. weaver , among others , states that the denial of jesus ' existence has never convinced any large number of people , in or out of technical circles, 
   dawkins does not deny the existence of jesus , although he dismisses the reliability of the gospel accounts . 
  [ 376 ] this position is also held by leading critic g. a. 
  wells , who used to argue that jesus never existed , but has since changed his views and no longer rejects it . 
  this next one is the best we 've got :, 
   although a very small number of modern scholars argue that jesus never existed , that view is a distinct minority and most scholars consider theories that jesus ' existence was a christian invention as implausible . 
  distinct minority . 
  that definitely feels like giving them 20 % is generous . 
  and no , i should not be the one requiring proof . 
  you need proof to try and prove something that goes against the grain . 
  the * burden of proof * is on you and all these other ignorant anti-theists who seem to be taking that jesus never existed as fact . 
  haha yeah . 
  i live overseas , and most people i know here are n't aussie , and only about 2 or 3 people can stand the stuff :d, 
  you ever seen koreans ? 
  they may have brilliant technology , but they 're some of the weirdest people . 
  oddly , you never see this part of koreans overseas . 
  only in korea . 
  that seems much more plausible . 
  awesome , this still leaves room for my theory that barney is really the one telling the kids the story ( well , it 's ted , but he 's switched his and barney 's names in the story ) . 
   slippery slope fallacy, 
  ftfy, 
  yeah , the name normally refers only your individual father , so father 's , but if you had two gay dads it would be fathers ' . 
  that 's the joke, 
  i 'd say you 're very close to the mark , but you lean a little to far in favour of free speech . 
  yes when there is doubt the decision should be made in favour of free speech , but i do n't think the the should have to be against a specific person . 
  it * should * have to be specifically promote some harm , physical or otherwise , but not necessarily against an individual . 
  hate crimes against groups are just as severe . 
  not that anyone in this particular situation has done anything to really warrant being censored . 
  we 're fairly confident that the flashbacks involved [ bloodbending of some sort ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  that it was yakone is only a natural conclusion to draw from this . 
  apparently the name is innuit , which is where the waterbending culture gets its inspiration from . 
  as philile has said , most relatively free places do n't allow this kind of speech . 
  that said , i respectfully disagree with your stance on hate speech . 
  if someone is making hate speech , my opinion would be that even if they do n't intend on following up on it , they could easily be ( accidentally or not ) encouraging others to do so . 
  of course , you 're absolutely right in saying that these * are * private companies , and they * can * take whatever action they deem necessary or appropriate for their own interests . 
  i would have to respectfully disagree with that . 
  as philile said in a reply to another reply to my comment , many other relatively free places do n't allow this kind of speech . 
  i believe that you can justify censorship of that kind of directed hate speech if it promotes violence ( not general hate , but something that promotes violence . 
  in other words i would defend someone 's right to say `` i hate gay people '' , or `` gays are scum '' , even if i do n't believe either of these statements myself , but i would not defend any speech that promotes violence against these groups . ) . 
  the reason being that even if the person saying it has no intention of carrying out such an act , it could encourage others to do so . 
  that said , i do respect the view that no speech should be censored , even if it is not one that i can justify agreeing with . 
  yeah , it is . 
  unless you use the option that lets you reply the same field , but that is n't available on xp . 
  ( not sure about vista . ), 
  this only holds for the official microsoft version of the game , though . 
  there could be other versions without this rule . 
  all the blood bending we 've seen has been met with surprise and resistance on the part of the bloodbendee , none of the council members look like they were being forced . 
  all the blood bending we 've seen has been met with surprise and resistance on the part of the bloodbendee , none of the council members look like they were being forced . 
  i felt the same way before the latest episode . 
  he was really cool in it . 
  i liked to imagine it as a kind of counter bloodbending . 
  like bloodbending her own blood . 
  since her bending is more powerful , she can overcome the bloodbending on her by hama . 
  i dunno , i thought you were correct up until he posted that link . 
  the word `` minority '' as people normally use it is the same context as that sociological term . 
  i 've always thought it was only appropriate for numerical minorities , but he 's definitely convinced me that it 's about social context instead . 
  wow , thanks for that . 
  i was going to chime in and point out how wrong you are , until you came up wit that link . 
  really interesting . 
  i 've always used minority to mean a group with a significantly smaller population ( such that oppression of women could never lead women to be called a minority , since even if there was a 49-51 split due to childbirth or something there was no significant difference ) . 
  thank you for informing me otherwise , 
  exactly . 
  the common view from people that do n't know what they 're talking about is that a good system would be that teachers who 's students get higher scores on standardised tests should be paid more . 
  the problem is that not all students start out the same , and not all students are capable of learning at the same rate . 
  from an economic point of view , the most important jobs are in education , healthcare , infrastructure , and banking , because of how these can help to create a more efficient economy . 
   i would of course complement their education in maths and science since that is taught awfully almost globally, 
  not sure what you mean here . 
  by globally are you referring to everywhere in the us , or do you actually mean the entire world ? 
  if the latter , i must * very * strongly disagree with you . 
  if the former , i can not comment . 
  but that 's not even what the comic is about . 
  you are entrusting teachers with the education of your children , which is one of the most important parts of their development as a human . 
  at least , that 's how i interpreted it . 
  i do n't think you have enough evidence to simply say that my interpretation is incorrect . 
  i think that by entrusting someone with your child 's education , you are entrusting them with quite a large amount of their life , so it is not a particularly large leap to just say you 're entrusting them with your child . 
  it 's not fallacious , it 's just being efficient with words . 
  i do n't know where you got the idea i 'm a teacher from . 
  i neither said nor implied that it was the case .
