  edit : ah , i 've just seen the rest of that conversation ( it was hidden under a load more comments button ) . 
  you 're right that it 's not plagiarism . 
  a small quote , especially if it 's not identical , is in no way plagiarism . 
  especially if what you 're taking it from is public domain anyway , as any beethoven or dvorak quote will be . 
  you 're thinking the 4th movement of symphony from the new world . 
  but there 's nothing wrong with what he did . 
  older composers did the same thing . 
  beethoven quoted an older mozart piece as his a theme in the 3rd movement of his 5th symphony , for example . 
  it 's not plagiarism . 
  if anything it comes under fair use . 
  it 's only a small quote . 
  this has been common amongst composers for ages . 
  schoenberg used quoted wagner 's tristan und isolde in his string sextet `` verkl\u00e4rte nacht '' . 
  beethoven quoted mozart 's 40th in the third movement of his symphony no. 5 . 
  it is very common to take just a small theme and use it in a completely different ( or even not so different ) way . 
  edit : not to mention , tchaikovsky is public domain now . 
  stravinsky is n't in many places , but as i understand he * is * in the us , which is likely where most of these composers are based . 
  yeah , actually coming up with the melody 's a relatively easy process , compared to harmonising it , developing it ( the main portion of the work ) , and instrumenting it . 
  [ and now you do ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b8/john_williams_tux.jpg ), 
  is elmer bernstein related to leonard bernstein , by any chance ? 
  i agree that a lot of more recent films have a kind of orchestral pop feel about them . 
  i 'm curious as to what you ( or the people in the industry ) think of howard shore and james newton howard . 
  i absolutely love shore 's score in lord of the rings , and ca n't wait for the hobbit to see some more of his great work !, 
  newton howard is a bit less amazing to me , but i do feel he is underrated compared to these grand names like zimmer . 
  cheers for the really good , detailed explanation !, 
  really good , but the text bits are far too short . 
  cardiac arrest and myocardial infarction ( heart attack ) are two different things . 
  oh come on . 
  have you ever seen trey ratcliff 's work ? 
  it does n't hide its hdrness , but a lot of it is simply stunning . 
  yes a lot of hdr is terrible , but it does n't necessarily have to be imperceptible to be good . 
  two words : trey ratcliff . 
  you still use ie6 , do n't you ? 
  admittedly not , but if your original post was meant as a correction , then it was a very clever way to be condescending with being noticed . 
  a non-sarcastic well done to your for being so clever with it . 
  this ^, 
  so much this . 
  reddit is likely to be very skewed to the more `` piracy-friendly '' side of the spectrum , i would think . 
  ( btw , race_hearse , you may want to delete the double post ), 
  / r/watchingcongress ? 
  / r/voluntarism ? 
  yeah , what tenninetythree said was when * you * are abroad . 
  if your number is chinese , and you 're in china , then you 're not abroad . 
  [ google ] ( https://www.google.com/search?sugexp=chrome,mod=1&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;q=1+tonne+in+tons ) : 1 tonne is 1.10231131 tons . 
  the ib system also sums up your entire high school education with one number , out of 45 points . 
  it 's a handy way of getting a general idea of the student 's level . 
  of course , to get into university they 'll ask for a certain score in certain subjects ( in most places , anyway ) , but having an overall score is handy . 
  faux news , damn that 's clever . 
  i 'm never spelling it the other way again . 
  yeah , murdoch may be australian-born , but he naturalised to the states , and i do n't think i 'm alone in saying good riddance . 
  but this entire debate is about the hardware . 
  thanks for posting the result , it 's pretty cool !, 
  yeah that 's definitely true . 
  the real question is would he buy apple hardware if no one was giving him a free computer ? 
  looks very interesting . 
  how would you say it compares to the hosted version of wordpress in terms of features ? 
  its layout abilities , customisation , spam-filters , etc. 
  just so you know , they 've actually already `` fixed '' this . 
  i do n't know what it 's technically called , but the ram displayed in the bto menu is n't traditional ram strips . 
  before the french formally changed it to the latin alphabet , some portuguese monks started the job with some less formal latinistion of vietnamese . 
  to like is a verb in french too , and i suspect other romantic languages , and probably germanic languages too . 
  `` i subscribe to , or often read , subreddits that are about viewpoints opposite to mine . '', 
  i had to say disagree , but i think that if i were to take this survey in a few weeks that would change . 
  you 're given me the idea to do that !, 
  aww damn man ... that sucks ... and you had the rest of the field done so fast , too !, 
  which one 'd you click ? 
  i like that you at least do n't blame op for being a deliberate shill or something . 
  only problem with your comment is that at least in this case somebody real actually got great service . 
  nobody 's burgers , not even a small number , actually look as good as the photos . 
  otherwise it was a fine example . 
  no , i also have n't . 
  what i can gather from this thread is it 's a subsidiary of hilton . 
  still better than being a snare player in ravel 's bol\u00e9ro . 
  if she 's only talking about `` a show '' , then she 's somewhat correct . 
  certainly some interpretations are more valid than others , but any interpretation can be seen as somewhat valid if you can back it up with evidence . 
  this is true of any literary work . 
  some are more valid than others because they have more , and/or better quality , evidence , particularly with regards to the context of the rest of the work . 
  op did that by asking reddit . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you 're saying here ... 
  6/8 is two lots or three , not three pairs . 
  i agree with mingi , i 'm not sure which is which . 
  i was exactly the same , but then i heard rohan , and the lord of the rings fan in me came out !, 
  i heard rohan , and went back to hear it again , with the volume turned up . 
  it was n't really clear , but i still heard rohan the second time . 
  then again , as a lotr fan , it may have been cognitive bias ( or some other psychological term for why i heard it ) . 
  i also love it when writers do n't make everything happy , but in this case i think they need to . 
  it seems fairly clear amon is n't doing true energy-bending , so there 's still room for us to find out how he really does it , and how to reverse the process , all fitting comfortably with what we already know . 
  side note , i bet boromir ( forget his real name , ned stark , i think ) comes back in season 3 ... 
  not really . 
  honestly , i just put it down to poor voice acting . 
  he was n't clear . 
  i suspect that the next few times we hear it will be more clear , and should make it obvious what it 's supposed to be . 
  not the lion-turtle itself , but energybending , per makemusicguitar 's comment . 
  also that spike that activated the avatar state for aang in the final battle . 
  actually , as yngvius11 said , it was just over half a year . 
  roku 's temple ( book 1 ) was on the winter solstice , and the summer solstice was in book 3 . 
  he reminded me of the guy that took katara 's mum ... 
  speaking of which , should n't lin 's metal suit act as a faraday cage , too ? 
  multimedia message service , as others have said , it 's like sms ( short message service , aka texting ) , but for photos , videos , etc. 
   i can say i not have the most functional phone on the market,
