  just as easy as carrying around a second battery , only i do n't have to restart my phone to start using it . 
  and i 'm less likely to need it , since my internal battery is now larger . 
  we have always punched * well * above our weight in terms of all things tech . 
  it 's easy to see why you 'd push here earlier than our population would imply . 
  for just one really basic datapoint ( solely because it 's the easiest to find hard numbers on ) , one report i 'm looking at suggests our smartphone penetration as of 2015 was 79 % . 
  for the uk the figures i 'm seeing are 72 % , the us is less than 60 % , and canada is less than 56 % . 
  we do not speak of that other place . 
   and r/squaredcircle, 
  oh god . 
  that place is truly terrible . 
  i swear the influx of people from there is what first turned me on to how terrible / r/arrow was becoming . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  i have n't looked at it myself ( i just do n't care about guns enough to want to read up on an archetype for them ) , but i recall a comment on here or / r/unearthedarcana stating that it 's basically just a worse version of something that already exists ( i think it was the battle master ) . 
  as in , if you got proficiency with firearms from somewhere else , you 'd make a better gunslinger as a battle master with the right manoeuvres than you would as a gunslinger . 
  hey , so it 's working fine for / r/dndgreentext , but neither / r/unearthedarcana nor / r/boh5e seem to be getting notifications . 
  looking through the inbox i ca n't find any message where they 've been unsubscribed , and the bot confirmed that they were subscribed correctly at the time . 
  and yet [ this thread ] ( / r/dndnext/comments / 583jnc/my _ friends_want_to_introduce_guns_into_our / ) , where they are both mentioned multiple times , resulted in exactly zero messages . 
  plus , neither subreddit has gotten * any * notifications from * anywhere * in the past three weeks or so . 
  ( after subscribing both of them a month ago , only one notification has happened . ), 
  i just want to say thank you for making this little feature region exclusive . 
  those of us outside na , of course , are far * far * less likely to have an interest in it than people on that continent . 
  no , she did ** nothing ** wrong in this case . 
  not legally of course , but also not reasonably . 
  she looked up , saw that the uploader 's car had stopped . 
  maybe she saw the blue car , maybe it was obscured by uploader 's car , does n't really matter ; either way it was far enough away that any pedestrian who 's been in this country more than a month would expect that if there is a car there , they 're going to stop . 
  she should n't need to be constantly staring down the road . 
  a few comments from the video that were particularly apt ( these are more for general interest rather than directed specifically at you ) :, 
  nick overside, 
   look at the angle , she probably was n't aware of the blue vehicle because the red vehicle was obstructing her vision . 
  and on top of that , when someone stops to let you access a crossing it 's in the back of your mind that you 're holding that person up , so the general etiquette is to be quick about it . 
  it 's all too easy to take situations like this for granted . 
  madison wright, 
   she was not in the wrong at all . 
  the driver of the blue car , if they had two brain cells to rub together , should have noticed that the car in the right lane had stopped and realised that there was a pedestrian on the crossing . 
   no , she ca n't even see cars coming from that way if there 's another car in front of it . 
  the driver who went way too fast on the crossing here deserves to get his license taken for reckless driving . 
  at the very least a 4 figure fine . 
   looking does n't help on a crossing , the only options she has are to stop in the middle of a crossing every time a car drives up to it waiting to see if it stops or carries on or read the drivers mind . 
   ever heard of a zebra crossing ? 
  even if she saw the car approaching , she would have expected it to stop because it has to by law . 
  how is she an idiot because the driver broke the law and did n't slow down when approaching and give her right of way ? 
  if you 've got a ceiling , it 'll hit that eventually . 
  formatting does , for a start . 
  you should be using level 2 and 3 headings , not 1 and 2 . 
  level 1 headings are for chapter titles , like `` classes '' or `` equipment '' . 
  not sure why you 'd bring up job interviews . 
  i do n't really see how the interviewing process is relevant here . 
  more useful would be to look at [ google 's style guide ] ( https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s5-naming ) which is imo the best available style guide for java out there . 
  constants are loosely defined as static final fields which can never have a change in its state . 
  the other constants are not constants according to the definition in [ google 's java style guide ] ( https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s5-naming ) . 
   if any of that instance 's observable state can change , it is almost certainly not a constant, 
  an array 's observable state can definitely change ( indeed , you can see it being changed in this code snippet ) , ergo not a constant . 
  similarly , the drawable object can be altered through its setlevel and setstate methods , so it 's not a constant . 
  do n't need to be a senior developer to know what 's going on here . 
  just read google 's style guide . 
  basically , capitalise_constants , dontcapitaliseothervariables . 
  despite all the others also being marked ` final ` , only n is actually a constant ( at least by the definition in google 's style guide ) , since the array and the drawable object are not immutable . 
  not really relevant . 
  what 's relevant is how interesting it is to watch . 
  and i know men 's soccer is fucking * awful * to watch . 
  they play so slowly just kicking the ball around . 
  they dive . 
  they massively overreact to minor injuries . 
  even their goal celebrations are terrible . 
  i do n't know if women 's soccer is better , because i have n't watched it . 
  but i 've heard that they suffer from these problems a lot less . 
  for a similar analogy , professional rugby union is also terrible . 
  the damn refs blow the whistle for some minor infarction every other minute . 
  it ends up being a really stop-start game , compared to league which really tends to * flow * ( despite how the rules would make the two games look in comparison to each other ) . 
  but i 've watched university level union and it really * does * flow . 
  it 's like a completely different sport , and a really good one . 
  watching that was the first time i realised why union fans love the sport so much . 
  the character in that the version of spiderman that people wanted troy barnes 's actor to play ? 
  join / r/cwarrow . 
  it 's mainly meant to be a not-shit version of / r/arrow , but it 's kind of morphed into a not-shit place to discuss the whole arrowverse , including flash . 
  unless you 're basing it on future material ( like previews/trailers etc. 
  ) , or out-of-universe material ( like comic book storylines similar to the plot of the show ) , * theories * about what 's going to happen next are not spoilers . 
  ah yeah , that 's it . 
  i 'm sure i knew it back when community was on the air . 
  thanks . 
   if you use facing rules , as they work more naturally with hexes, 
  how so ? 
  personally , part of the reason i prefer grids is because i feel as though it 's easier to remember how to apply various aoe patterns on it . 
  at least with spheres , cubes , and , to a lesser extent , lines . 
  the dcau handled it perfectly fine . 
  most of the time when kryptonite is used , it 's unexpected . 
  superman could hardly have flown all the way back to the lab to get geared up in the middle of a big fight . 
  feel free to ask around for ideas in the arcana forge but outside events and the arcana forge all posts have to have homebrew that is at least complete in terms of material presented even if its not balanced or fleshed out . 
  this post does n't have homebrew that is fleshed out enough to be a post of its own on unearthed arcana . 
   aoe on hexes is easier on hex, 
  i 'm not aware that they 've said anything official , but to the outside observer it 's been obvious that they have n't considered sibelius a high priority for a long time . 
  there has n't been anything really major to speak of since sibelius 7 was released in 2011 . 
  they fired the main development team in 2012 and replaced them with cheaper less intimately involved developers . 
  i believe many of the original devs have since found jobs with steinberg on dorico . 
  sibelius has been on life support at best since then . 
  my experience with musescore has been * very * negative . 
  it 's just not very good . 
  i 've not hard of reaper before , but purely because of that fact i 'd be surprised if there 's much that can be said for it . 
  briefly scanning their website it seems as though notation is a tacked-on feature in what is mostly a daw . 
  i think logic can do the same , but it 's not a good idea to use that as your primary score writing software .
