  seems a little petty . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  yeah i know , that 's what my second paragraph was alluding to . 
  10 ks is a slow jog . 
  on the flat , 20 km/h is about where you 'd say cyclists sit at a minimum . 
  i agree , what is the point of kfc , when red rooster makes chicken that 's way better , plus has the best chips possible from any fast food place . 
  just a little suggestion , you 'll usually get higher quality feedback for homebrew on / r/unearthedarcana . 
  it 's a community dedicated to reviewing 5e homebrew content . 
  that 's what they do with the green bridge at uq , and it works perfectly !, 
  actually this is all a really bizarre myth based on some sketchy research which has weirdly managed to gain broader traction . 
  it 's not nearly as extreme as anti-vaccers , but it 's along the same general lines . 
  the abc 's media watch did a really good episode on the matter a little while back . 
   they 're ... too unaware of their surroundings to ride safely . 
  fuck me that could not be further from the truth . 
  as a cyclist it 's absolutely essential to be 100 % aware of your surroundings at all times . 
  so many drivers are reckless or distracted by phones , children , etc. , and it 's not them that 's in danger , it 's the cyclist . 
  it 's also easier to be aware on a bike than a car , since you have full peripheral vision , and you physically ca n't be distracted by your children , or normally your phone . 
  if driving near cyclists stresses you , think about this . 
  you being just a little distracted or incautious can literally * kill * them . 
  them being incautious usually endangers no one but themselves . 
  so yeah . 
  be careful , give them their legally required 1/1 .5 metres when passing . 
  but remember that they 're likely far more acutely aware of what 's going on than you or most drivers , and if they 're riding out in the middle of the lane or something , there 's probably a good reason for it . 
  eh , maybe we have different definitions of slow jog . 
  10 km/h is 6 min/k , which i would consider slow . 
  in oota , are you absolutely sure you are permakilling demon lords ? 
  i 'm not intimately familiar with it , but i 'd guess you 're either killing them in the material realm , killing their avatar , or at * best * helping someone more powerful get the leg up to permakill them . 
  would killing them in the hells be feasible ? 
  probably not in strict canon , but it 's your world and you can do what you want . 
  if you do want to allow it , it could be a really cool epic moment . 
  but also consider : why , if it 's possible , have half a dozen people not killed half a dozen high ranking devils and demons already ? 
  i think it would be a good idea if you can come up with a reason that their particular attempt is able to succeed where others have n't . 
  if you really want to embrace the setting of the hells , i would encourage you to make it so that they kill the archdevil by colluding with one of his lieutenants , who 's vying for the role of archdevil , or something like that . 
  these sorts of power struggles are what make the hells so fascinating , and getting the players involved in it could be great fodder for story . 
  speeding , not blinking , blinking way too late , tailgating , treating the yellow light as `` go if you can '' instead of `` stop if you can '' . 
  these are all things i see on a daily basis from drivers . 
  and they 're things that endanger me even if i 'm not guilty , as well as others on the road . 
  a cyclist who breaks the rules , 99 % of the time , only endangers themselves . 
  they absolutely should n't be doing it , of course , but i find it absurd that people accuse cyclists of ignoring road rules so much . 
   if they stopped giving licenses out to every halfwit who asked for one, 
  i * so * wish police would put more effort into getting fuckwits off the road . 
  i do n't dislike speed traps as much as most people , but if they had to tone those down in order to crack down on tailgaters , people swerving in and out of traffic , and people failing to indicate sufficiently in advance , that would be absolutely fantastic . 
  anyway , the idea is to try and make it safer to cycle to work . 
  more roads with separated bike paths , like what these cyclists are campaigning for . 
  currently there is a bike lane and a car lane on the bridge . 
  under the new proposed change , there will be a bus lane only . 
  no cars ; no bikes , except for sharing with the pedestrian area . 
  loggerheader proposes changing one of the pedestrian paths to a bike path . 
  so you 've got a pedestrian path on one side , buses in the main part of the bridge , and cyclists off on the other side . 
  hope i 've explained that simply enough . 
  does n't that scene happen shortly after they leave the emyn muil on the western side of the anduin ? 
  so the height thing may not be an issue even if you do need to take into account the curvature . 
  anyway , here is my estimate for the size of legolas 's pupils . 
  * disclaimer , this is using high school level physics , and various biological or higher level physics factors might mean it 's inaccurate . 
  the formula for angular resolution is, 
  which we can rearrange to, 
  where theta is the angle , lambda is the wavelength of the light , and b is the diameter of the lens . 
  we know the distance is 5 & nbsp ; leagues , which is 15 & nbsp ; miles , which is ~ 24,000 & nbsp ; m. with them riding in a formation , i 'm going to assume 2 & nbsp ; m between heads . 
  that 's probably too much , but i want to give legolas the benefit of the doubt . 
  if we assume a right angled triangle with adjacent length 2400 & nbsp ; m and opposite length 2 & nbsp ; m , then the angle is 8.33 \u00d7 10 ^ ( -5 ) & nbsp ; radians . 
  the wavelength of visible light varies from 380 to 750 & nbsp ; nm . 
  again to give legolas the benefit of the doubt , i 'll use a lower end of that and say 400 & nbsp ; nm , or 4 \u00d7 10 ^ ( -7 ) & nbsp ; m. 
  so now the size of the pupil needs to be 1.22 \u00d7 4 \u00d7 10 ^ ( -7 ) / 8.33 \u00d7 10 ^ ( -5 ) , which is 0.00586 & nbsp ; m , or 0.6 & nbsp ; cm . 
  in other words , by my calculation , this is entirely plausible . 
  to go the other way , we could halve the distance between them ( thus halving the angle ) , and use a wavelength at the redder end of the spectrum . 
  1.22 \u00d7 7 \u00d7 10 ^ ( -7 ) / 4.17 \u00d7 10 ^ ( -5 ) = 0.0205 & nbsp ; m. that 's a 2 & nbsp ; cm pupil . 
  so definitely very large pupils under those assumptions . 
  i still do n't know how they got to 3.5 & nbsp ; cm , but i can believe that if the assumptions were substantially different from mine , it might be plausible . 
  ** tl ; dr ** in these sorts of questions , assumptions make a huge difference . 
  i calculate pupils between 0.5 and 2 & nbsp ; cm . 
  ninja edit : and girls . 
  we 're inclusive around here . 
  i 'm still hoping that they 'll also have a big backlog of other dc stuff . 
  justice league ( & unlimited ) recently left netflix in many regions . 
  why would dc have pulled those from there , except to include those in their new service ? 
  and if jl ( u ) is on it , maybe batman : the animated series , superman : tas , and the other dcau shows will be there as well . 
  dude , spoilers !, 
  is there video of it somewhere ? 
   elves have dark vision, 
  is there evidence that this is true in tolkien 's universe ? 
  they have very good vision in general , but i 'm not aware of them as a race having exceptional night vision . 
  anyway , darkvision could come from a number of places . 
  it could be broader spectrum ( most likely into the infrared , which would increase the wavelength , and would therefore increase the upper limit on the size of his pupils ) , but it could also just be greater numbers of or more sensitive rod cells in the retina , or other techniques relating to manipulating light in the visible spectrum . 
  indeed , [ this latter technique is used by many nocturnal animals , including cats ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xqqixuidpy ) . 
   their lenses could have a very different focal range, 
  the beauty of the formula i used is that it does n't really matter . 
  it 's not a biological calculation , it 's a very general physics calculation relating to resolving points . 
  it works more accurately in more abstract applications like using telescopes to resolve separate planets in distance solar systems . 
  you 'd need something much more complicated to accurately determine how well an animal can resolve points . 
  just found that little typo in the broadcast amusing . 
  how really ? 
  and there i was assuming the `` mat '' came from `` maths '' . 
  as they said in primary school , `` takes one to know one '' . 
  intel is the most well-informed company on the planet to make this accusation !, 
  i prefer, 
   the difference between a cult and a religion is that in a culture , the person at the top knows it 's all bullshit . 
  in a religion , that person died a long time ago . 
  oh right . 
  you were talking about landlines , not mobiles ? 
  * why is it so hard to dispose of pipette tips ?
