  [ here ] ( http://www.movemystuff.com.au/images/images/4t_truck_white_bg.gif ) is an image google turned up of a perfect prototypical small truck . 
  oh huh ... that looks rather like what we here would call a ute ( short for utility vehicle ) . 
  the word truck here would be reserved for more or less what i linked to . 
  oh huh ... that looks rather like what we here would call a ute ( short for utility vehicle ) . 
  the word truck here would be reserved for more or less what i linked to . 
  i 'm from aus , so that would explain it . 
  i have to be honest , showing up in a ute/pickup truck seems pretty bogan * to me , but then i guess that 's just how some people are . 
  it certainly is a lot less surprising than people showing up in what i would call a truck ( which would be either the picture i linked or the massive 18 wheelers ) . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  \\* bogan 's an australian word for ... i guess the best word to use in this context would be redneck , though it 's not really the same thing . 
  p.s. , now i really wan na see someone turn up to a date in [ something like this ] ( http://files.myopera.com/mail-man/albums/3226301/road%20train%20-%20australia_.jpg ) . 
  more if he was 16 on a leap year . 
  sure , but not only do you have to read this , but you also have to notice the subtle message hidden in it . 
  that 's the bit that 's unusual . 
  gerrymandering is possible in any representative democracy in which a single local representative is selected from a number of electorates . 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's possible that this could happen in your country , even if for any number of reasons it does n't . 
  [ this video helps explain it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mky11ujb9ay ) . 
  ( he also has good videos explaining various forms of democracy , such as fptp , av , and mmp . ), 
  based on a quick wikipedia check , brazil 's chamber of deputies is elected using a party list proportional system , and your senate uses first past the post , but based on state lines . 
  so yeah , neither of those ( nor the direct election of the president ) are subject to gerrymandering . 
  ( not that it does n't have other problems , of course . ), 
  who is this , and what are they famous for ? 
  ( and , if the above does n't explain it , why would people say bad things about the family ? ), 
  i 've never once played multiplayer , and i honestly do n't even know why you would . 
  single player is just so incredible in this game , and you miss out on the best bit in multiplayer . 
  your ending to that sentence was inappropriate . 
  if you enjoy acting but still want to have safe job prospects , teaching is a great option . 
  also applies to musicians and artists . 
  you can have pretty good job prospects and still get to do the thing you love . 
  i heard dog , but rationalised it as being job , since in the avatar universe a ` real ' dog would be an unusual thing . 
  can anyone explain to me what the point of parties is ? 
  if you read below you 'll discover that the confusion stems from the fact that what you call a truck does n't align with what i call a truck . 
  a pickup here would be called a ute ( or , at least , utes are very similar to your pickups ) , and the term truck is exclusively used for larger vehicles -- the sort that most people * would n't * be picking people up for dates in . 
  i understand that they do this , but i do n't understand * why * . 
  surely if they 've booked their ticket and do n't show up , then they 've spent their money already ? 
  they ca n't get it back just because they could n't be bothered to show up . 
  if there 's an empty seat that 's been paid for , is n't that really good for the airline ? 
  i 've heard surprising stats about how much a small difference in weight can make to the cost of running the aeroplane , so would n't no-shows be a good thing ? 
  consider an average 60 kg person + 25 kg luggage ( 20 kg cabin and 5 kg overhead ) , that 's an enormous weight difference per person . 
  it 's still fairly common that the flight attendants will go around handing out something edible pre-flight . 
  i 've been given hard lollies frequently . 
  why do -- no . 
  this stops here . 
  ok , first of all , your premise is not quite correct . 
  the vast majority of ` libertarians ' believe in a government for certain things , like police and courts . 
  less extreme ones will even extend this to things like roads and basic infrastructure . 
  you 're thinking of anarcho-capitalists , which is basically libertarianism taken to the extreme ( as though the view was n't already fairly extreme in some cases ) . 
  but i actually agree in general , so i ca n't debate the rest of it . 
  i 'd like to propose an alternative for the hor . 
  single transferable vote . 
  where you currently have 3 -- 5 separate electorates , merge them into one larger electorate , and have as many members elected from that electorate as there were previously separate electorates . 
  the method for doing this would be single transferable vote , which works very similarly to the alternative vote that you propose for president . 
  in fact , av is the special case of stv where n = 1 . 
  in stv , voters rank candidates in their preferential order , the same as av . 
  in order for a candidate to win , they must receive :, 
  { [ number of voters ] / ( [ number of positions available ] + 1 ) } + 1, 
  first preferences are counted , and any candidates who get over this amount are awarded a spot , with the * excess * votes ( i.e. , each vote over the amount required in order to win ) being distributed to second preferences . 
  if no candidate has reached the required amount , then the candidate with the least votes has his votes redistributed to second preference . 
  this continues iterating until all winners have been chosen . 
  the result of stv is a proportional house , but does n't have the disadvantage of removing local representation completely , which others have done a good job of explaining the problems of . 
   i do n't believe people that live in low population density areas should get extra representation just because of that fact, 
  in this system , they would n't . 
  the amount of representatives would be proportional to the number of people in the area , so no area would receive undue representation . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with, 
   it does n't give a good representation of how `` out of tune '' one is from the other, 
  i would assume most people participating in this debate understand how octaves work ( i.e. , one octave is a doubling in frequency ) , and therefore people understand that increasing the frequency in one octave will result in twice the frequency increase in the next octave . 
  assuming we 're all talking within one octave , everyone understands how much the difference is . 
  not everyone has learnt what cents are in this context , but most people understand hertz , so i think it 's more appropriate to use that . 
  sure , the difference here is that you 're comparing artistic direction to technical differences . 
  in music there are artistic choices too : what tempo ( speed ) , what sort of balance between different instruments to use , etc. 
  but the pitch used is more of a technical thing that is n't quite so much chosen based on an artistic decision as it is the standard for your area . 
  he as in @totalbiscuit ? 
  is he famous ? 
  as an australian , we have kinder surprises , but we used to have something even better . 
  [ yowies ] ( http://deegolden.smugmug.com/photos/25027405-m.jpg ) . 
  they were awesome , and had these awesome little toys inside them that you had to put together and they made animals . 
  they were so fun , and we used to have a massive collection of them . 
  i was really sad when i discovered that they 'd discontinued them . 
  does anyone know why they discontinued them ? 
  so , op , what was the point you wanted to prove , and did the data do it successfully ? 
  could n't you call 0000ff ` perfect blue ' ? 
  since everyone in this thread seems so smart with regards to acoustic theory . 
  i play the clarinet . 
  when i press one of the keys to go from d to d # , it is exactly the same action as if i wanted to go to eb . 
  what am i actually doing ? 
  is my note exactly on one of those two , or is it some compromise between them ? 
  or something else ? 
  i get so confused about all this stuff that i usually just choose to ignore it and say eb and d # are exactly the same note and pretend this stuff about different styles of tuning does n't exist . 
  after all , for my instruments ( clarinet , piano , sax ) it does n't matter at all . 
  i really do n't think half life 1 is worth it . 
  i 'm struggling to get through it at the moment from when it went on sale a little while back , but i 'm on the verge of giving up . 
  the game honestly is n't very good at all . 
  story so far is near non-existant , gameplay is significantly below-par , and graphics are awful ( though if the other two were better it would be easy to look past this ) . 
  aye , but m\u00e9ringue is another word for the dance , merengue . 
  when you consider that a lot of people leave accents out of words , it makes sense that some people would be confused . 
  i 'm not especially familiar , but i think police here are less armed than the us , but more than the uk . 
  i 'm currently working through the original hl1 , and i in fact just recently hit the surface for the first time , so i guess i 'll try and stick it out a bit longer . 
  i never saw this in my 5 and a half years living in vietnam , although it was extremely obvious when i was living in korea before that . 
  i lived in korea for a while and yeah , they do this a lot .
