  visiting family/friends ( though i 'd say probably not this one on account of asking reddit for cool places rather than them ) ? 
  welcome to brisbane !, 
  hope you like it here , whatever the reason is !, 
  i believe the current iteration of glass has such a blinking light , probably for that exact purpose . 
  my main thought was that it 's seattle because it 's google and not microsoft . 
  and the source quoted on that page is :, 
  for the lazy . 
  well yeah , but when we think microsoft , we think redmond , and google is mountain view . 
  its where their headquarters are , i think . 
  on the topic of clarinets , rhapsody in blue . 
  not only is it completely solo , but ( for me , at least ) making the transition from the quick scale to the glissando at the very beginning smoothly is difficult . 
  then the rest of the solo is pretty ok . 
  i hope you share with us as much as you can about this lecture !, 
  ( a video recording would be awesome , but anything , even just notes or something would be great too . ), 
  huh . 
  today i learned . 
  cheers , it 's interesting to know . 
  seriously !? 
  have you got a source for that , i 've never heard it before . 
  i do n't have any specific regrets . 
  at the start , i really wished i could have done psychology rather than economics , and while i still wish i could have learnt psychology , i 'm also kinda glad i now know some basic economics . 
  i wish i had n't had to do a language at all , though given that i did , i 'm happy with french , as the other option would have meant spanish ab -- no thanks . 
  you can also take the guitar as it is normally strung and literally just turn it around . 
  it 'll mean mostly strumming upwards , but it has been done . 
  i 'm at uq at the moment , i do n't think i 've * ever * seen a left handed desk . 
  ( admittedly , only been here two weeks , but still ... ), 
  i 'd say i 'm an intermediate fencer , and yeah , going up against a ( fellow ) lefty feels fricken weird !, 
  i do n't understand what it 's like for right handed people going up against each other , your blades do n't naturally meet , you have to cross them over ... 
  all of those , yes , but i 'd say more than any other sport , fencing . 
  mma and boxing would follow , and it can play some role in tennis and baseball . 
  it 's probably a more valuable asset in cricket than baseball , but not as much as the combat sports . 
  i have a similar mix , but i 've always just self-identified as ambidextrous anyway . 
  do you , by any chance , know how well you compare in each ( or any ) of these activities when using your non-dominant hand compared to most people using their non-dominant hand ? 
  i find that i tend to be much better than most fully-righties . 
  yeah , that sounds a pretty decent plan . 
  since you 're having to reinstall it monthly anyway , might as well keep installing the latest version . 
  it might not be a lot to you , but $ 80 per year puts it at roughly equal to the cost of buying a brand new aaa title ( which seem to range from about $ 70 -- $ 90 ) , meaning for some people it may mean playing one less game a year , just for online functionality that most people think should be free . 
  ( i should note , i 'm actually a pc gamer so none of this affects me , but i can understand how it would affect others . ), 
  awesome explanation , but i got the impression victor was making a joke about how market competition rarely exists in america . 
  by the way , what 's the difference between a ba in economics , and a becon ? 
  do you know , by any chance ? 
  wait , this is n't a new thing ? 
  i 've always gotten the impression that this kind of paranoid ( although perhaps justifiably so ) behaviour only started * maybe * in the late '90s , but certainly not any earlier . 
  the fact that they were talking about le sacre is even more appropriate now we know this . 
  haha this is awesome !, 
  does n't work for me , though . 
  :( where i am , we 're in autumn now . 
  to be honest . 
  could you explain how jeffwuh was wrong ? 
  as far as i can tell , your comment seems to repeat pretty much exactly what his does . 
   a cop can not require you to show id if you are not driving or breaking some law, 
   the law requires `` legal contact '' ( ie driving or breaking some law ), 
  they seem the same , to me . 
  where you are still allows smoking in bars ? 
   and the matching shirt is kind of cool/relevant, 
  i thought that was the most important thing here . 
  yeah the helmet 's cool , and i can definitely see why people would want a close-up of it , but the shirt is clearly relevant as well , so why the hell not show it ? 
  i set alfred to use command space and disabled spotlight 's keyboard shortcut . 
  it does n't , actually . 
  the spacebar click is done after the others , so you press command + shift + 4 , let go , and then press spacebar , and then press the mouse button . 
  adding the control modifier to copy it to the clipboard instead makes it really awkward , but i honestly do n't understand why you would want that anyway . 
  if you 're uploading to a website , having the file sitting there on your desktop is much more convenient , and most places wo n't do the paste thing that imgur apparently does ( which i suspect most people do n't know about anyway ... i know i did n't until just now ) . 
  well , not quite . 
  the spacebar is done * after * the others . 
  you press control ( if you really want it on the clipboard and not the far more convenient desktop placement ) + command + shift + 4 . 
  then you let go of all those , and then you can press spacebar to have it automatically select whole windows , and then you click on the window . 
  it 's also usually far easier to just drag the selection around the area you want , so ignore spacebar completely . 
  the most convenient way of getting a screenshot on macs is command + shift + 4 , and drag a selection . 
  there are a heap of modifiers you can tell people to make it seem more complicated than it really is , but they work in a really simple way once you know how the rules work . 
  he 's deliberately told it in a far more complicated way than needs to be done . 
  a simple screenshot on mac is command + shift + 3 , this takes an image of the entire screen , and places it on the desktop , with the filename being a timestamp . 
  use 4 instead of 3 , and you can drag out a window to copy . 
  hold control as well , and it will copy whatever screenshot you take to the clipboard , rather than placing it on the desktop . 
  while this * sounds * like a better idea , it 's actually * far * more convenient having it on the desktop , since most of the time you 're going to want the file to share anyway . 
  if you press spacebar after having pressed command + shift + 4 , it will give you a window selection thing , so instead of dragging out a selection area , you just press and it takes a screeny of the whole window . 
  he 's deliberately told it in a far more complicated way than needs to be done . 
  a simple screenshot on mac is command + shift + 3 , this takes an image of the entire screen , and places it on the desktop , with the filename being a timestamp . 
  use 4 instead of 3 , and you can drag out a window to copy . 
  hold control as well , and it will copy whatever screenshot you take to the clipboard , rather than placing it on the desktop . 
  while this * sounds * like a better idea , it 's actually * far * more convenient having it on the desktop , since most of the time you 're going to want the file to share anyway . 
  if you press spacebar after having pressed command + shift + 4 , it will give you a window selection thing , so instead of dragging out a selection area , you just press and it takes a screeny of the whole window . 
  what you get as a result is a series of ever more complicated keyboard shortcuts that are based around a set of very simple rules . 
  by telling you only one of the more complicated possibilities without explaining the rules , it gives the impression that the shortcuts are far more complicated than they really are . 
  right , but you 're deliberately telling it in the most complicated way . 
  explaining the rules of how screenshots work , starting out with the basic command-shift-3 / 4 , and then the ( usually useless , anyway ) modifiers of control and spacebar ( the latter of which is applied after pressing the other keys , anyway , so it 's not some super-complicated 5-finger keyboard shortcut ) , is a far better way of teaching this , and does n't give the false impression that it 's an extremely complicated and confusing way of doing things . 
  he 's actually a really cool guy . 
  i usually skip the character videos and watch the ones where he just talks about life and stuff . 
  really honest , really great stuff . 
  [ i fucking love living at my college ] ( http://i.imgur.com/okyfsi1.png ) . 
  there 's currently about 30 tb of stuff on our intranet peer to peer service `` dc '' . 
  regularly get speeds of 40 + mb/s . 
  no , [ this ] ( http://reddit.com ) is reddit for girls . 
  haha yeah . 
  turned out to be in japanese , though - . -, 
  also downloaded : walking dead , pok\u00e9mon ( which was , thankfully , in english ) , the it crowd , a few movies , and a few uni-related resources . 
   after all the stuff you did ?!, 
  no way, 
  sounds like you already knew it about him . 
  one and a half more seasons . 
  the point it 's got to so far is half way through what they 're calling the first season .
