  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  a couple of problems with this . 
  in most fields , and programming is no exception , blind recruitment results in more women being employed than in face to face interviews . 
  clearly there * is * some bias favouring men , even if subconscious . 
  [ studies suggest ] ( http://news.mit.edu/2014/workplace-diversity-can-help-bottom-line-1007 ) that more diverse workplaces are more productive . 
  so clearly having a more diverse workforce is a good thing . 
  but , as you mention , there 's a problem . 
  fewer women want to be engineers , and fewer men want to be nurses . 
  these * are problems * however , and they should not be just dismissed as if there is nothing we can do about it . 
  there is a society which subtly -- and sometimes less subtly -- discourages women from becoming engineers , or men from becoming nurses , and something needs to be done about that culture . 
  what , precisely , needs to be done , is ... difficult ... at best , to answer . 
  i am * definitely * not qualified to answer it , and i suspect most people in this subreddit are not either . 
  but it 's certainly * possible * that positive discrimination could help , since children who see a lot of people similar to them doing a particular job might be more likely to think that 's a job they could do . 
   do n't push sexism and gender based prejudice with gendered languages and gender segregation in education, 
  i 'm not actually sure what you mean here , but i * think * i agree ? 
  i 've never particularly liked gendered language terms , even before i was exposed to external notions suggesting that is what 's `` politically correct '' . 
  and the idea of gender segregation in education just seems abhorrent to me . 
  as you say , it 's positively medieval . 
  and kind of a bit creepy , really . 
  ( like , at my university , there are 10 residential colleges , and 5 of those are single-gendered . 
  why are so many parents sending their adult children to a single-gendered college ), 
  my e/d ( depending on keyboard layout ) key does n't work properly . 
  have to really fucking force it down for it to register . 
  i 've had a problem just like that happen before in things that involve the letter e. i can * totally * believe someone else might have the same problem with spacebar . 
   20 % of software developers are women [ ... ] only 12 % of engineers are women, 
  huh , that 's interesting to me . 
  at my university , there are * far * more women in civil , electrical , and chemical engineering than there are in software engineering . 
  i have n't seen data , but i suspect the percentage is more than double . 
  hey would you mind if i kept this quote to reuse elsewhere ? 
  i 've frequently found myself saying similar things , but it 'd be nice to be able to use words directly out of a woman 's mouth , and it 's very well written . 
   players who are really trying to squeeze every ounce of optimization out of the game, 
  i do n't even think it 's that . 
  i play characters that are unoptimised as shit . 
  but i still engage in theory crafting online sometimes , because it 's just interesting to see what you * can * do if you really push it . 
  i build characters around backstory and theme , and find mechanics that follow it . 
  but online it 's fun to see `` what 's the maximum distance i can possibly move per turn ? '', 
  or `` what 's the best survivability i can get at lowish levels for a wizard with 8 dex that is n't a dwarf ? '', 
  that latter one actually happened a couple of days ago . 
  not online , but just in a casual conversation with a friend in person . 
  despite neither of us actually wanting to play such a character . 
   but it 's not really ok to say that no real dm is, 
  if i had one criticism of matt , it would be this . 
  i find he tends to have a strongly anti-intellectual streak when it comes to the game . 
  he does n't even like the idea of theorycrafting or figuring out how stuff would work . 
  i enjoy his videos , but when he says stuff like the main conceit in this video ( and i stress , the * conceit * was the problem , the actual content he used that conceit to deliver was absolutely fine ) , or he says that people pointing out problems with mearls ' initiative are being irrational because they have n't played it themselves for hours , i find it so painful to watch because , like ... he 's just * wrong * . 
   i wonder how much the average french speaker cares about what they have to say, 
  the answer is fuck all . 
  i 'm not a french speaker , but i took french in highschool , and obviously that comes with learning a bit about the culture . 
  the official french word for email is `` le courriel '' , but most french people say `` l'email '' . 
  i saw an article recently that says apparently l'acad\u00e9mie banned the word `` cool '' in 2015 , which when i was in highschool we were taught is literally just a standard french word . 
  was n't even told it 's thought of as a loanword . 
  i 'm not saying positive discrimination is definitely good . 
  i 'm saying it might be . 
  what is your thought on this ? 
   children who see a lot of people similar to them doing a particular job might be more likely to think that 's a job they could do, 
  i do n't know if it 's true or not . 
  like i said , i 'm not qualified to make that decision -- and if there 's one thing my engineering degree has banged in to me , it 's that we should avoid making decisions that are outside our area of expertise -- but i 'm open to the possibility that it might work . 
  and if it * does * work as a long-term thing , then i 'm okay with something that i find unpalatable in the short term ( in principle , i agree with you , i do n't like positive discrimination ) in order to get a better outcome in three decades from now . 
  i 'd love to know if there are any longitudinal studies published about this sort of thing , or possibly some that are underway . 
  i would say `` yeah , interrupt me at the table '' . 
  i 'm assuming most of the time , changes from the rules that you make are you being forgetful , and not a deliberate decision to change how something works . 
  in that case , having a friendly reminder from someone who does know how it works is helpful . 
  tell him to bring up the mistake immediately , but that if you decide to do it differently * anyway * , then leave it until after the session to discuss why each of you feel that way . 
  by doing this , you can still feel free to make changes you think are appropriate and explain why you 're doing them , but when you just genuinely forget something , he can help course correct for you . 
  it 's win-win . 
   we are way beyond talking to new dm 's here . 
  this is for people who are ready to start experimenting with flavor, 
  when does he mention that ? 
  the way the video is presented makes it sound to me more like he 's talking to people ranging from those who have just gained a basic overall understanding of the rules , all the way up to the long-time veterans . 
  not * only * the veterans . 
  out of interest , why 1140 ? 
   20d6 limit on fall damage, 
  shit what . 
  i ended my last campaign by a player jumping off a tower with the bbeg in what he expected was a self-sacrifice . 
  but we thought it was only 10d6 max , and he survived . 
  probably would n't have if it was 20d6 . 
  not sure which would have been more dramatic tbh . 
   i 'm not saying that `` positive discrimination wo n't work '' , what i say is that its effect would be mostly superficial, 
  well , on this front , then , you are demonstrably wrong . 
  the fact is that , as i pointed out in my first comment in this chain , more diverse workplaces are more productive . 
  even outside of any other less objective benefits they may bring , more diversity is good for the bottom line . 
  whether particular methods to improve diversity work or not is greatly debatable . 
  whether particular methods have other negative side effects which are worse than the benefits they would bring is certainly debatable . 
  but if a given method is assumed to work , the effect of it is very real . 
   to hide one 's prejudices is not equal at all than just not having them at all, 
  a very respectable opinion . 
  personally , i suspect that the cause and effect may be able to go in the other way . 
  if you have a more diverse workplace and people are * brought up * observing diverse workplaces and thinking that they are the norm ( regardless of the method by which a diverse workplace is achieved ) , it will instil in them the idea that gender is irrelevant to one 's ability to perform in the workplace . 
   threatened to send them to my parents, 
  why threatened , rather than just do it ? 
  was he asking for something else from you to stop it ? 
  because if so it sounds to me like blackmail , which i 'm pretty sure is illegal . 
  `` misleading title - see sticky comment '' . 
  then use a sticky comment to explain why . 
  that 's okay . 
  i do n't think we 're real down here in aussie land either . 
  is this a chrome problem ? 
  honestly i 've always put this down as `` just another way in which linux is n't as nice to use as mac or windows . '', 
  contact telco ombudsman . 
  do n't give them another chance to not contact you .
