  they did n't chose it * because * of that . 
  back when these measurements were first getting used , nobody sat down and thought out what seemed logical . 
  they just went with whatever . 
  it 's just a ( mildly ) happy coincidence that a foot converted to inches is divisible by a few numbers . 
  because we * know * white canary is coming back . 
  at least as far as i know , we have n't heard anything about grundy . 
  yeah i pretty much agree with that . 
  i see people who have just started a show who come to the show 's subreddit and it really confuses me . 
  but spoilers for recent episodes or future events still definitely need to be marked , and to the people in this thread arguing otherwise : fuck off . 
  do n't be so fucking entitled that you think a slight inconvenience to you is worth ruining the show for those of us who generally prefer not to be spoiled and who ca n't watch the show at the exact moment it 's first put out . 
  you fucking pricks . 
  nah man , i 'm with you . 
  all these people are just being entitled pricks . 
  it takes * so little * effort to mark a spoiler , there 's frankly no good reason not to do it . 
  i do agree that marking spoilers in the subreddit for things that are months old is a bit extreme , but one week after the show aired , or for future events to come ? 
  it 's unreasonable * not * to do it . 
  to the mods : thank you so much for not kowtowing to these self-important arses and keeping the sub a good place for everyone . 
  ah that 's interesting . 
  i had assumed that canada made the same mistake as the uk ( they typically do road stuff in miles ) . 
  but my best guess would be that the only reason the outdated units are still used in canada is their proximity to the us , which still uses them pretty much fully . 
  anyone got an image version of this ? 
  4chan is terrible , makes it really hard to find which posts are actualy part of the story and which are random people saying `` yay '' . 
  meta : i have no idea what a right-of-reply speech is . 
  this is an attempt . 
  mr deputy speaker , i believe this should be an uncontroversial matter . 
  members have been given sufficient time to make their case , and we have seen no voices opposing the motion . 
  therefore , i believe we should put this to a vote immediately . 
  zagorath , leader of the house, 
  / u/jnd-au is that it ? 
  [ this is n't the most trustworthy looking source , but it does fit with what i already understood to be the historical reasonings for the imperial measurements ] ( http://www.factmonster.com/ipka/a0769529.html ) . 
  it 's also the first result on google searching for `` why 12 inches in a foot '' . 
  [ here 's another article from a more reliable source ] ( http://mentalfloss.com/article/25108/why-are-there-5280-feet-mile-making-sense-measurements ) that says more or less the same thing . 
  [ and a wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foot_ ( unit \\ ) #historical _ origin ) that does n't explicitly answer the question , but does explain that originally feet were diveded into 16 , but they later decided to subdivide it into 12 . 
  if the reason were that they specifically wanted an easily divisible number , the romans would have records of that . 
  and yet there 's no evidence this is the case . 
  the best answer is that while nuclear would have been great if we had started it ages ago , these days , the amount it would cost to start investing in nuclear would not be cheap enough to be worth it , compared to further investment into renewable energy . 
  at least , that 's how it 's been explained to me when i 've seen the same question raised in more formal forums . 
  wait , i missed that . 
  what happened yesterday ? 
  i 'm guessing they decided to keep their `` must vote no '' policy ? 
   especially tones, 
  mate , he wo n't even go on the fairly controlled format of q&a . 
  there 's literally zero chance of him ever ~ ~ y ~ ~ doing an ama . 
  but it would be deliciously amazing if he * did * do it . 
  the reaction would be absolutely incredible . 
  edit : goddammit . 
  for some reason every time i try to write `` ever '' , i end up putting a y after it . 
  usually i catch this before submitting . 
  did n't on this occasion ... 
  meta : you 'll need to page members , or they wo n't see this . 
  that 's actually a really interesting way of looking about a * lot * of physics . 
  i imagine the gravitational constant is the same ? 
  just a factor of proportionality that gets used so that we can say things like f \u221d mm/r ^ 2 . 
  or coulomb 's constant being the same ? 
  and it would make the conversation in those threads seem like a polite tea party with the queen . 
  yeah , i love using bash . 
  it 's the default shell in all ubuntu distros i 've used , and in os x. i 've never used anything different , so i do n't know why i should consider something else . 
  it certainly feels really damn fast and nimble to me . 
  at least compared to a gui . 
  yeah , basically ab initio is meant for people who have literally never spoken a word of the language before in their life . 
  now , if you 've only had one year or so of it , that 's probably okay . 
  but the more you 've done of it , the less able you should be to take it . 
  your school may or may not allow taking ab initio language with a significant amount of experience , but realistically they probably should n't , and if you were to take advantage of that , it might not look too good . 
  what 's poor usability about it ? 
   \\  as quickly as i can, 
   \\  2894 characters, 
  nah but seriously , this is really great detailed advice for running bugbears . 
  saving this for future reference ... 
  it 's been since at least snow leopard , which is when i started using os x. 
  that 's 10.6 . 
  what sort of features do you get out of zsh that bash does n't offer ? 
  i 'd definitely be interested in something with a few more usability features if it 's available ( and does n't cost anything in terms of ease of use ) . 
  edit : my googling says bash became the default in 10.3 , which was panther . 
  for reference , lion was 10.7 , and tiger was 10.4 . 
  [ it 's actually not very long at all ] ( http://expect.sourceforge.net/example/cryptdir.man.html ) . 
  the point of the joke is that the code must be ridiculously short , because even the fairly short man page is still longer . 
  i still use prosumer quite frequently . 
  to me though , it 's not about the level of equipment specs so much as competence . 
  someone who buys an expensive dslr and puts it on auto is not a prosumer . 
  someone who buys that expensive dslr ( or even a cheap one -- i would consider myself a prosumer despite having an slr that was entry level when i got it 5 + years ago ) but understands how to use its manual modes effectively , and who has some degree of competence when it comes to composition and lighting . 
  that person is a prosumer . 
  it 's an effective term , and neither your smugness nor your downvotes change that fact . 
  i have uv filters on my lenses . 
  it 's not about actually increasing the quality of the image . 
  in fact , i chose uv filters specifically because they should have next to no effect . 
  it 's basically about protecting the lens from impact damage if i bump it against something or whatever . 
  much cheaper to replace a filter than a broken lens . 
  meta : that has been fixed . 
  it is now clear that the motion has been put and we are voting on it . 
  how * does * sojourner work ? 
   everything not directly related to search is being split off . 
  eh , that 's not really true . 
  a more accurate statement would be that anything not related to web services is being split off . 
  youtube , search , mail , advertising , etc. 
  are all still google . 
  hell , even android is still google . 
  ads are okay . 
  ads allow free awesome stuff to exist without needing outside funding . 
  hey , middle ground here . 
  at least in my region , we 're quite common .
