  the hornburg , minas tirith , minas morgul , orthanc ? 
  out of interest , have you seen [ this analysis ] ( https://youtu.be/doqngruck4c ) ? 
  ( there 's also a part 2 , as well as a two part lotr analysis and a the hobbit one . ), 
  i 'm not christian and definitely do n't agree with everything he says , but he 's clearly put a lot of good thought into these lectures and they do make some pretty interesting points . 
  all the videos also have a * weirdly * civil , respectful , and intelligent comments section , considering it 's youtube * and * about religion . 
  paging / u/filmmaking _ bacon and / u/scalazen as well , since they seem interested in this . 
   the whole network locked phones really made it a challenge . 
  what does this mean ? 
  buy any dumb phone , get a sim for your preferred telco , put it in the phone . 
  it could n't be any more simple . 
  i do n't know for sure if this is the right one , but [ it 's on youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osynjyq2rro ) . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` adventure '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  i suspect that will be rather difficult , since the vast majority of uses of `` hp '' in reddit probably mean hit points or similar . 
  i played it a few years after its release and knew nothing of the hype . 
  age of mythology , aoe3, 
  i do n't think cortex has chapters , although to be honest i 've never really looked . 
  wait what the fuck ? 
  they kicked him out of the race for that ? 
  man that 's such bullshit . 
  like the sbs commentators said at the time , cavendish was already falling by the time he stuck his elbow out , and he obviously needed to do it to keep balance . 
   `` time to step up #uci . 
  this was not a race accident . 
  violence . 
  hard to dq a world champion from #letour , but needs to be done , '' tweeted cavendish 's team manager , rolf aldag . 
  if they refuse to provide you with reasonable legal options to consume it , i do n't think you should feel too bad about less legitimate methods . 
  i think korra is a very much inferior show for a variety of reasons , but it 's still very good . 
  the absolute highlights are the episodes `` beginnings '' parts 1 and 2 ( i think it 's episodes 7 and 8 ) in season 2 , and the last three or four episodes of season 3 , which are absolutely crazy intense . 
  beginnings , i think , is easily on par with the best of tla . 
  season 3 's ending is just a little behind that . 
  season 4 has some very good aspects , but suffered from noticeable budget issues ( there 's a fucking terrible clip show episode which the creators were forced to make because nick screwed them over ) , as well as an annoying amount of pandering to certain parts of the audience . 
  the main villain also kinda felt like she came out of nowhere and did n't deserve to be a villain following up on the last two seasons ' villains . 
  but for the most part it 's still a very good season . 
  seasons 1 and 2 are generally quite weak , with a few good aspects here and there . 
  but even they are better than most other tv out there , especially animated tv . 
  / r/peloton does that . 
  no sense splitting the conversation . 
  that 's not how languages work mate . 
  there are a lot of similar examples . 
  sombrero is spanish for hat , but in english it refers to a type of mexican wide-brimmed hat . 
  salsa is sauce in spanish , but a specific latin american sauce with tomatoes in english . 
  anime 's more broad definition in japanese does not make its use in english to refer to non-japanese media more acceptable . 
  there are a heap of gifs and other formats on the front page of / r/tdf right now , so that 's probably more useful than any text description i could provide . 
  canada 's most important super hero . 
  that 's exactly why everyone thinks this was a terrible decision . 
  once you 've started the sprint you 're technically supposed to go only in a straight line , and he obviously was n't doing that . 
  the problem is that he had good reasons not to be going straight ( explained in blogs and comments thoroughly elsewhere ) , and also it 's a rule that is rarely enforced , which makes its enforcement here feel overly punitive . 
  there 's also the obvious fact that the gap he tried to go through was probably not enough and was closing even more . 
  trying to go through it was a risk he made , and he had to know it at the time . 
  am i missing something ? 
  the comment you replied to said middle and ring fingers on the left hand should be put down . 
  are these not the ones that should be wiggled ? 
  i have a question for you . 
  would you say the same things that you are currently saying about people with mental health issues about someone with cancer , or alzheimer 's , or heart problems ? 
   i 'd take ... daylight savings every day of the year, 
  personally i 'd rather never have it , but having it permanently is vastly better than the fucking moronic idea of switching times twice a year . 
  what did it say ? 
  yeah same with the sea version of milo . 
  it 's not even close to the same . 
  so you do n't think that perhaps the increase in diagnoses of mental illnesses could be due to a greater medical understanding of the symptoms and causes of said diseases ? 
  for example , prior to the great war , there was a term called `` battle fatigue '' , which in wwi became known as `` shell shock '' , and soldiers suffering from it were not taken very seriously , and were often harshly ostracised as a result of their suffering . 
  today , we understand this as posttraumatic stress disorder , which is considered a serious problem that people who have experienced highly traumatic situations , not only limited to combat , can suffer from . 
  i 'm sure i 'm not telling you anything you do n't already know . 
  i just think it 's worth considering how significant the impact of greater understanding can be . 
   lack of cultural sensitivity on qantas ' part, 
  honestly i would n't read too much into this from a cultural perspective . 
  it 's obviously bad optics to have done it to an aboriginal australian during naidoc week , but i have little doubt that they 'd try to do it to anyone at any time of year . 
  artists of all media and all demographics are * constantly * complaining ( and rightfully so ) about companies trying to get them to do work for free , or for `` exposure '' , or for way less than it 's worth . 
  this is n't a race issue , it 's a lack of respect for artists issue . 
  it 's not a race thing because they probably would have done the same thing to anyone . 
  if it were gay pride week i have no doubt that they would ask a gay person to do it for free , or if it were for australia day , they 'd ask a bogan to do it for free , or whatever . 
  there is certainly a racial element to it , in the sense that they did ask her at this time because of her race . 
  but their attempt to get the work for free has nothing to do with race , and that 's the part of this that is wrong . 
  i do n't think anyone would disagree with that . 
  but they 're a * fun * silly gimmick . 
  there 's [ one version of the 1812 from soviet times ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s2kvzm50yy ) where the `` god save the tsar '' quotations were removed from it and replaced with some other theme , because the former was thought to be anti-communist . 
  it 's beautifully terrible . 
  i just do n't understand why * anyone * likes gould . 
  even ignoring anything about his actual playing style , the fucking singing he does in his recordings is obnoxious . 
  if you ca n't stop yourself from singing while playing , you should n't be a recording artist . 
  full stop . 
  he should have stuck to the fucking concert stage , because he was literally incapable of making a good recording . 
  i 've heard some of his recordings , and i do n't think he 's a very good beethoven pianist , but his interpretations of some works by earlier composers are not too shabby . 
  but no amount of technical or artistic quality makes up for the singing . 
  to quote from one of the comments on the video , regarding the bol\u00e9ro disaster :, 
   http://tromboneforum.org/index.php?topic=37508.20;imode, 
   it 's the vienna phil . 
  the oboe and horn players also performed poorly . 
  hearsay has it that they deliberately messed up because the orchestra was unhappy with the conductor . 
  edit : [ here 's another source corroborating the claim ] ( http://www.apnewsarchive.com/1998/madrid-audience-boos-orchestra/id-79296d7dda10a30ee70af66eac043d9e ) . 
  indeed , this particular case was definitely a live concert that got recorded , not a recording session . 
  there are heaps of reports of audience reactions to it . 
  all public transport on the south east queensland region is run as part of the same network . 
  you can and should buy a gocard as soon as you get to the area , and you can use those on any trains , trams , buses , or ferries during your time here . 
  it makes it a lot cheaper and more convenient being able to just tap on and off , like opal cards in nsw , octopus in hk , and london 's oyster , if you 're familiar with any of those . 
  ( i do n't think you said where you 're from . ), 
  for the specifics , google maps is really good here . 
  just plug in your starting and ending locations , and it should tell you a few different options . 
  you can see which one has the least walking , least number of changes , or is overall fastest , and decide which trip seems the most convenient to you .
