  that 's not really a solution to the actual problem i have , which is how it 's all laid out in the dmg , and how hard it is to find out how they work . 
  i actually think the rule itself is n't too bad , it 's just that it 's so damn hard to figure out what the rule actually * is * . 
  eh , the titles are frequently based on a single small gaff in the episode , except when there 's some big news that 's deserving of the title . 
  but anyway , regarding the so-called `` misogynist tendencies '' , i ca n't say i 've ever really seen any of that myself , but [ this comment ] ( / r/technology/comments / 334vn3/leo _ laporte_is_relaunching_techtvs_the_screen / cqi5i78?context = 3 ) does a fairly good job of refuting one particular piece of evidence presented . 
  regarding the badmouthing of people who left , well , i have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about there . 
  quite frankly that sounds like rubbish to me , an excuse made because you want to justify it to yourself that you stopped enjoying the podcasts ( which by itself is * fine * : tastes change , and not everyone can enjoy the same thing , just do n't try justifying it with this post-facto reasoning ) . 
  if anything , the opposite is true . 
  he 's always been so incredibly positive about people who 've left , and i 've sometimes wondered whether they actually left as amicably as he makes out or if there 's something more dramatic going on behind the scenes ( and the only reason i 've wondered that is because of my own cynicism really ) . 
  the only badmouthing i 've ever heard was towards adam curry ( who frankly deserves it , the guy is a fucking retard -- anyone who denies the fucking moon landing at all , and especially does it vocally the same week neil armstrong died , deserves zero respect from anyone ) and a few minor hints regarding jason calacanis ( who all but stole laporte 's ip in naming his podcast network , `` this week in '' ) . 
  and even that has never really been so obviously sledging him to anyone who did n't already know the history behind it . 
  could you give me an exact timecode in that video where it happens ? 
  because oh god it is just unwatchably bad , i ca n't stick it out to find the right part . 
  but fwiw , chad said elsewhere in this thread that he chose to take his minecraft show off the network . 
  and being streamed 8 -- 10 hours a day is exactly why i do n't place much weight on the claims of sexism . 
  if there was any substance to them , there 'd be better evidence of it . 
  edit : so , i managed to find the point by scrubbing the youtube playhead thing . 
  anyway , watching it right now . 
  have to say , brushwood and that other guy are * really * fucking unprofessional . 
  like , what the fuck is wrong with them ? 
  brushwood in particular just comes across like such an incredible dick . 
  but chad himself was the absolute epitome of professionalism . 
  but anyway , so twit let him go . 
  sounds like that went over in a good way and there 's not much more to be said about it . 
  yeah , i found the part of it and added my thoughts in an edit . 
  from what i can gather , it seems that chad decided to take his minecraft show off of twit , and after that ( maybe in response to that , mabye due to other circumstances , we do n't have enough information to know ) , chad got fired from his role producing . 
  i dunno all the circumstances , but from the fact that he 's on that video , it would seem chad was close with brushwood ( something i did n't know at all before ) . 
  and considering what an angry manchild brushwood seems to be , i 'm not surprised laporte would want to put distance between them , though that 's unfortunate for chad himself , who is absolutely great . 
  though that 's pure speculation on my part . 
   what desktop operating system do you prefer to work on ? 
  you left out the `` no preference '' option on this one ( but not the leisure time question ) . 
  it could also be worth asking what * type * of work people do . 
  as a dvorak user , hjkl are basically unusable for me , so i 've always used arrow keys . 
  but to be honest , i really do n't understand why hjkl would be better to use even for people stuck using the qwerty keyboard layout . 
  the arrows are laid out in an intuitive way versus hjkl which is all in a single row . 
  h is left , fine , and l is right . 
  but there 's no intuition for whether j or k should be up . 
  sure , vim does n't care about intuition , it favours speed of use for the user who already knows how to use it . 
  but i fail to see the advantage of hjkl over the arrows . 
  it 's just as fast to use , but far less intuitive . 
  hey , for the first few episodes , some people shared links of an alternate yahoo player . 
  this one does n't work for me , and i 'm having trouble finding the other player . 
  has anyone got a link to it ? 
  they can . 
  but that 's not what i was saying . 
  i said that the * current * pirated versions are obviously subpar to would we would get if wizards released a proper rendered pdf version . 
  you 've found several ? 
  all the ones i 've found are basically the same scan . 
  black and white , all full picture pages removed . 
  some versions have the full picture pages replaced with blank white pages to keep the page numbering the same , but it 's still based on the same scan . 
  alternatively , they could have at least made the class spell lists be like a mini table of contents , pointing you to the exact page that each spell is on . 
  would have been somewhat better than what we 've got . 
   add a spell list by school , and include short mini-descriptions ( and page numbers ) in both that list and the class lists by level, 
  oh man this would be absolutely amazing !, 
  mini-descriptions would be * so * useful for getting a rough idea which spells you want to select , before you use the page number to actually go and read up on the details of the spell . 
  would save * so * much page flipping . 
  even just the page numbers would be an improvement , though . 
  my first year courses had mandatory paf ( peer assessment factors , each group member rates the other group members , and your final score is multiplied by your result on that ) , and later courses have the option of using a paf if the group specifically requests it . 
  really helps when one person 's doing all the work or a couple of people are lazy . 
  so long as people can be more or less honest with their ratings . 
  i 'm convinced that programmers do n't actually * ask * questions or * answer * them . 
  stack overflow just * is * . 
  yeah definitely no guilt from me , either . 
  waiting for the hard copy to arrive after i bought it online . 
  but hey , is there any chance you could pm me a link to the one you 've got ? 
  honestly i think they just made a mistake . 
  some commenters in the main thread are saying it seemed like he said kettle drums . 
  they must have realised that 's the wrong instrument ( kettle drums are another name for timpani ) and dubbed in the correction -- rather poorly -- later . 
   i 'll just do this one last job , then we 'll be free . 
  and the staring forlornly at each other . 
  then him getting arrested at the end . 
  it all seems like a reference to something , but i ca n't think of what it is . 
  anyone know ? 
  edit : even the honda guy standing over britta 's shoulder and offering her a job feels like part of the reference . 
  much faster to flip to it by looking at the page numbers and know exactly how many more pages to go than it is to open the page fully up to see what letters are on the page , roughly guess how many more you need to go , realise you went way past it ( because wow , j and k have so few spells , and you did n't account for that on your way through to `` light '' ) , and then work your way back . 
  no , the idea is that each class 's `` spell list '' would act as a toc . 
  where they already list the spell names , just add the page that the spell appears on right next to it . 
  your comment actually made me remember the one that was probably what made the scene feel so familiar to me . 
  the last season of chuck . 
  does n't end with an arrest , and there 's no equivalent of the honda guy over britta 's shoulder , but it 's still a really meaningful scene where the main characters talk about one last job . 
  oh man , is that the poppycock judge ? 
  also holy hell !, 
  i completely forgot claire dunphy 's actor was in this show . 
  i need to go back and rewatch it ... 
   acrobat will read all pdf files , whereas others may not, 
  yeah , this is true . 
  when i was applying to renew my passport a couple of years ago , the damn application sheet was literally * designed * to be impossible to open in any pdf reader other than adobe reader . 
  it was fucking infuriating to have to download and install that piece of shit just because the damn government decided to artificially restrict it like that . 
  was a pretty fun quiz , i thought . 
  i only managed to get 12/20 . 
  eh , yahoo screen has just refused to work at all for me , so i 've been downloading episodes . 
  perhaps the game is too young for me , or maybe it 's just something that only has popularity in america , but i 've never heard of candyland before . 
  yeah i managed to find it a little while after i made that comment . 
  last time i looked a few months ago i could n't find anything other than that black and white version . 
  they get people on their own network to seed , and they record the ip addresses of the other people they see on the torrent . 
  so much so that they actually consider some of the diacritics to make completely new letters . 
  for example , \u01b0 is not considered a u with a diacritic on it , but us a separate entry in the alphabet of about 29 letters ( in addition to counting some diacritics , they also lack some of the letters we use in english , like f and z , so the total number of letters is n't all that much higher than english ) . 
  yeah i agree . 
  not even close to a gaolling offence . 
  heck , i do n't even think expulsion was necessary . 
  probably just a suspension .
