  and , of course , the topic of this video . 
  it 's a big part of what makes star trek science-fiction , but star wars space-fantasy . 
   also , i 'm not sure i 'm fine with the artist being mentioned nowhere in the video, 
  presumably that was part of their deal . 
  if the artist is fine with it , why should you not be ? 
  be thankful you 're not in australia or new zealand , where we 're watching this right before going to sleep ... 
  how does one decide that an android is deserving of the rights of humans ? 
  i 'm sure we 'd all agree that the most advanced ai existing today does n't qualify , and that data does , but at what point does that switch occur ? 
  and somehow , star trek repeatedly makes episodes dealing with the prime directive in interesting ways . 
  what if they desperately need a resource available only on a planet inhabited by such a primitive culture ? 
  what if they somehow * accidentally * get themselves tangled up in a primitive culture , how should they react to that ? 
  is there some room for scientific observation and study of these cultures ? 
  it is no where * near * as simple as you make out . 
  that 's a completely separate issue , though . 
  that 's pretty much the model i 've been using for a long time , though you 've stated it far more succinctly than i ever could . 
  fully agreed . 
  that would have also been disappointing , but far less so than this arrangement . 
  messaging and presentation make a big difference . 
  you subscribe to the view that rights are a natural trait inherent in any living creature . 
  i do not . 
  in fact , it is one that i just fundamentally can not even begin to truly comprehend . 
  it 's a completely separate and very important moral and philosophical question , but you can clearly see that this means that the question is no where near as simple as you implied . 
  and again , with the other questions , those are your opinion , but you state them as if they are fact . 
  as if that is the absolute right way to be . 
  i would argue that this is a naive -- childish , even -- view point to put forward . 
  it might be the best answer , but to put it forward as though it dismisses the usefulness of even asking the question : to imply that this is a trivially solved problem , is just wrong . 
  in particular , your answer `` get out of there '' is a painfully simplistic one . 
  i would point you to the episode who watches the watchers . 
  you might argue that the given scenario should never have occurred ( on account of your claim that even observation should not be done , `` because they have rights '' ) , but given the set up , your proposed solution could do more harm than good . 
  modern music . 
  yeah , their sidebar about ribbons and the entire modifying classes ua are two of the best things that we 've ever gotten from ua , in my opinion . 
  i dunno ... did you read the variant rules one ? 
  so , with how underwhelming this has been , how do we communicate the disappointment to wizards in a respectful manner ? 
  as much as it might make me feel better , it 'd be rude to just tweet at mearls `` hey dude , this sucks , please give us something better in the future '' . 
  i mean , there 's a good chance that this month 's ( or next ) survey might ask the question , but otherwise , any ideas ? 
  i do n't consider google chrome , dropbox , or skype `` specialty applications '' . 
  it can mean both . 
  it 's an extremely ambiguous word , which makes it ... not really a great one to use most of the time . 
  from context , though , it 's fairly clear that in this case , they meant once every two months . 
  yeah exactly . 
  i read that , and it was a mild improvement over if they did n't do that , but it 's still far less interesting than seeing what it is that wizards is interested in for the future of the game , seeing their design notes , and just the general fact that what they put out is from * them * , and * free * . 
  electrical engineering , because * i * is instantaneous current ( in an ac system ) . 
  and + sqrt ( -1 ) is necessary for describing phase of an ac system . 
  what language and compiler/interpreter was this ? 
   edit : pound disappeared ... 
  lol , yeah . 
  in markdown ( the markup language reddit uses ) , hashes represent < hn  , where n is the number of hashes . 
  check the source of this comment . 
  that 's the joke . 
  perhaps in theory that 's how it should be , but [ that was absolutely not my experience ] ( / r/apple/comments / 48yxxj/vintage _ os_x_ad_emphasizes_unix_power / d0oap3j?context = 3 ) last time i was setting up an ubuntu system , just 9 months ago . 
  [ this should help explain it ] ( http://www.play-hookey.com/ac_theory/fundamentals/ac_what_is.html ) . 
  i really do n't know much more than that . 
  i 'm a software engineering student , and my experience with this is from having to take a single first-year electrical engineering course . 
  the section at the very bottom is the relevant one . 
  just in case you are n't already aware of it , / r/unearthedarcana ( unaffiliated with the official ua articles ) is in general a much better place to go for homebrew material than dm 's guild , because there 's a strong culture of review and improvement , and an attempt to maintain content that is high quality and balanced . 
  plus it 's all free and you do n't need to register for an account just to view it . 
   i just realized meechum from house of cards is mr. 
  freeze . 
  wait whaaaaat ? 
  lol , no , you absolutely are not the only one . 
  in fact , it 's become a bit of a circlejerk on this subreddit to say how much you dislike her . 
  many people would even disagree with your statement that `` she was a good character '' . 
  personally , i did n't like her , but i recognised her as crucial for the development of penguin , so she was good for the show as a whole . 
  but that role has been fulfilled , and now she is no longer necessary imo . 
   i mean if he 's not the joker then what 's the point anymore . 
  that was the point of the last few minutes of the last episode we saw him in . 
  that while he himself was dead ( and therefore could not be the joker ) , he had planted the seeds of madness that would ultimately lead to the real joker coming about . 
  at least , that 's how i saw it , and that 's what i really wanted them to do , because far more than any other villain , the joker is * tied * to batman , and the idea of him coming around for real before batman does just is n't * right * . 
  the necessary groundwork had been laid by his character , so as fantastic as he was , why bring him back ? 
  well , resurrection has been known to change people . 
  i definitely know what you mean . 
  it 's that same problem that kept me from watching until earlier this year . 
  i eventually made peace with it , but i still really , * really * do not want to see the joker proper on screen because to me he is for more critically tied to batman than the other villains are . 
  like you , i 'll be disappointed if mr freeze is running around in his real suit ( and who knows , maybe he 'll only be doing things on the down low for now ... ) , but i 'll put up with it . 
  but if we get the joker on screen , i 'll be seriously considering stopping watching the show . 
  ib * is a two year course * . 
  that 's what it is , that 's what it 's designed to be . 
  i know plenty of students who took studies over two years ; it works * fine * over that duration . 
  i 'm sure you could do it in one year ( many people take an exam or two in their first year ) , but for the majority of people , it works fine . 
  if you 're someone who did it in your first year , chances are you probably should have done sl maths anyway , since you 're clearly capable of it . 
  beefing up studies is a viable option if you really are correct about it being too little ( i may ask the maths teachers i know what they think about it , because it 's certainly an interesting idea at least ) , but turning the current curriculum into a one-year * only * course just does n't make sense with how ib is designed . 
  not sure what methods is . 
  is that one of the option topics or something ? 
  it 's not an area of maths that i 'm familiar with . 
  if you 're taking hl maths in your final year , what the hell were you doing with studies in your first year ? 
  that 's just bizarre . 
  ess i ca n't comment on : my school did n't offer it , so i 've never seen anything about it, 
  regarding cas , my suggestion would be to read [ the ibo 's guidelines ] ( http://www.ibo.org/globalassets/publications/recognition/core_cas.pdf ) . 
  they give a recommended guideline of about 150 hours , but any schools that just take that to mean `` students must do 50 hours of each and write some bullshit about it '' are doing it wrong . 
  that said , ultimately , it is something marked entirely internally , so if they choose to do it purely by measuring 50 hours , there 's probably not much you can do about it . 
  your examples of bad cas practises are strange to me , because that 's exactly what i see as the point of it . 
  tutoring ( so long as you 're not getting paid ) or helping out at food drives is a totally fine way to get some service up . 
  creativity is about encouraging students to do creative things . 
  to be involved in the school orchestra , or take part in school plays , or do similar activities outside of class time . 
  and action is , as you say , about doing regular exercise and keeping a healthy active person . 
  there 's nothing wrong with adapting things you already do to fit cas : the whole idea is that you should be doing them , not that you should necessarily have to be doing * new * things if you 're already doing stuff that 's worthwhile . 
  for me , i had to change a bit to get the service requirements met , but i did so much creative stuff voluntarily that , * had * it been a simple matter of counting 50 hours , i would have been done within the first * term * , and similarly i did n't change my schedule at all to meet the action requirement . 
   when you have really artsy or nerdy kids having to go out of their way to fill up 50 hours of action hours , then it just turns into an annoying requirement, 
  plenty of good things are `` annoying '' at the time . 
  it does n't matter that it 's annoying , the whole point of it is that it 's about becoming a better overall person , and being forced to do some basic physical activity is a good thing for those that would otherwise live relatively sedentary lives .
