  the cursive `` dvorak '' feels like a total clash in terms of style . 
  on unix systems ( linux or os x ) it saves to ` ~ / pictures ` . 
  in windows these days ( at least windows 7 and 8 ) it 's ` c : \\ users \\ [ user ] \\ pictures ` ( or essentially ~ / pictures , if windows used ~ to represent `` home '' as unix systems do ) . 
  i dunno , seems like youtube 's video sentiment analysis algorithm is working perfectly there . 
  and computers are getting much much better at it . 
  i use `` ok google '' a lot , and frequently see it write the wrong word down , only to change it to the right one later in the sentence . 
  presumably because it figured out the right one from context . 
  hey , i 've heard of this before , but never thought to download it . 
  what 's the name of the app that does this ? 
  side note , i wrote this all out using voice dictation . 
  thought that was interesting . 
  i think they 're hilariously good . 
  they add a whole new level to the video . 
  does the frog one say $ 199.00 ? 
  because that 's what it looks like to me . 
  compared to the 1.8 cents smurfs , it 's an easy choice . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  there are definitely procedural matters that need to be attended to . 
  ( in particular , i am concerned with the procedures for the formation of standing committees . ), 
  i 'm curious , why use that site rather than going directly to archive.org ? 
  entrapment is really simple . 
  if a leo coerces someone into doing something they would n't have done on their own , that is entrapment . 
  if a police officer were to advertise himself as a drug dealer , and someone came up to him and bought some ice , the police officer could then arrest him . 
  on the other hand , if he went around to people saying how great ice is and how everyone should really try it . 
  `` here , have some on the house ! '', 
  that would be entrapment . 
  oh that 's pretty cool . 
  the wayback machine ( on archive.org ) is a pretty well known way of seeing what websites were like ages ago . 
  but it 's interesting to know there are other options out there . 
  cheers mate . 
  yeah , word lens does n't actually seem to exist as a standalone product anymore . 
  searching for it just pointed me to the google translate app . 
  that is definitely a factor . 
  heck , it 's probably by far the largest factor . 
  but that does n't change the fact that , all things being equal , os x ( and linux , for that matter ) * is * more secure of a platform than windows , because of its unix underpinnings and the permissions policies that entails . 
  wow , i 'm surprised at how low the eccentricity of our orbit is . 
  i had always thought it was way more elliptical . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but if the difference in difference is 3 % , should n't the difference in temperature be 0.09 % ? 
  does n't the energy decrease with the square of the distance ? 
  there are a few myths that always pop up in threads like this that i refuse to believe . 
  i refuse to believe anyone actually thinks deoxygenated blood is blue , for example . 
  and i refuse to believe anyone has actually been taught that the reason for seasons is the distance of the earth from the sun at any point in the last century ( prior to that , while scientists certainly knew the real reason , i feel i can excuse random people from not knowing it due to the lack of general availability of education compared to today ) . 
  your half of the earth is tilted towards the sun ( while in winter you 're tilted away ) . 
  this means that the same amount of `` rays '' of sunlight are hitting a smaller area , which makes the heat more concentrated . 
  that makes it hotter . 
  awesome thanks . 
  out of interest , does the `` save offline '' feature work properly in this ? 
  i 've never been able to get google maps to save maps offline properly , so i 'm skeptical . 
  mate i dunno about you , but i regularly use more than one key on my keyboard at a time . 
  hell , sometimes i even use 3 or 4 at once . 
  ( control-option-command-8 is a fun one for pranking people on os x. ), 
  cool , thanks for the info !, 
  i 'm in the process of ( slowly ) building a website that will ultimately probably be used only by me and a few friends , but i 've specifically decided to treat it as a learning exercise . 
  so i 've been going through all the security best practices i can find out about . 
  got myself a free ssl certificate from a trusted party , made sure to hash and salt passwords , used prepared statements to avoid sql injection , etc. 
  figure if i 'm going to do something , i should do it right , because it 'll mean i have a better understanding of it if i ever come to do something similar for real . 
  but on average the people who use macs tend to be more wealthy than those that use pcs ( for obvious reasons ) . 
  also , a huge portion of important business servers etc. 
  are running other unix-like systems , so creating something that targets that platform is probably more worthwhile . 
  i think the biggest reason that most malware targets windows is simply that the people * creating * this malware use windows themselves , so they are more familiar with it . 
  eh , it 's a mixture of a number of different factors . 
  i would posit that the `` small target '' theory is a fairly significant factor . 
  but the greater inherent security of a unix-like platform is also important , as is the fact that most of the people * creating * the malware are probably using windows , so they make stuff for what they know . 
   they always refer to the embassies on tv shows and movies as `` american soil '' , `` british soil '' , ect . 
  that 's * why * people think this . 
  [ here 's the scene being spoofed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efbyp9oait8 ) , if anyone has n't seen it before , or if they just want to watch it again . 
  i , zagorath , do solemnly and sincerely affirm and declare that i will well and truly serve the people of australia in the office of assistant minister for education and culture , and that i will be faithful and bear true allegiance to our sovereign . 
  i did n't get a notification for this for some reason . 
  omniscient is the word you 're looking for . 
  it means `` all knowing '' . 
  omnipotent ( which the abrahamic god is as well ) means `` all powerful '' . 
  the abrahamic god is supposed to be omnipotent and omniscient . 
  our concept of time would be completely meaningless to him . 
  he would know that it happened the moment it happened , and be able to react instantaneously . 
  i use exfat on my drives because of the format 's ability to work cross-platform on windows and os x out of the box ( and very simple add-ons to get it to work on linux ) . 
  ntfs can be read by os x but not written to , and windows does n't recognise hfs + at all . 
  are there any good journalled formats that are recognised out of the box on all three platforms ( or at least on windows and os x ) that one could switch to ? 
  when you say sirens , i assume you mean ones designed to sound like emergency services ' sirens ? 
  i remember hearing a cyclone warning interrupt regular programming once , and it started with sirens , but not ones that could easily be confused with the sirens of a police car or ambulance . 
  that type of thing seems okay to me . 
  i honestly do n't care at all for the purist beliefs some linux users have . 
  honestly i think it 's a pretty awful viewpoint . 
  i also went to * a lot * of effort to get google chrome working because i prefer it over chromium . 
  in many cases , proprietary software is just * better * than open source stuff , and i think the idea that one should use an inferior product purely for ideological reasons is a pretty cancerous one . 
  but as for the legality , i 'm fairly sure it 's legal . 
  i just grabbed ` exfat-utils ` and ` exfat-fuse ` using ` apt-get ` ( this was on ubuntu ) . 
  they 're packages in the official repos , so i would assume it 's legal . 
  nevertheless , if you 're going to tell me not to use something when i 've already demonstrated that all the alternative options i know of do not suit the purpose , you need to offer an alternative . 
  what is an alternative that works out of the box on windows and os x , and is at least easy to install on linux ? 
  i 've only got 1 or 2 channels that i 'm subscribed to that i * do n't * watch every video , and i have over 100 subscriptions . 
  ( though admittedly a fair few of those basically never post , and even more post only rarely . ), 
  but i still use the watch later playlist a fair bit , especially when i 'm falling behind in my subscriptions . 
  i 'll add them there so that when they get knocked down below the fold , i can still easily watch them all . 
  the fact that it 'll autoplay the next one is an added bonus . 
  what exactly is it meant to be ? 
  all i 'm seeing is a blank web page ... 
  oh wow , thanks . 
  no assumption needed , it 's right in the question :, 
   and is of the gender you are attracted to, 
  oh man , this is one of my absolute favourites !,
