  you get the best of both worlds . 
  you get the nice even balance that point buy creates , but you also get far , * far * more interesting and varied characters . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it display as greentext . 
  see [ our manual of style ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) for more advanced style and formatting options on this subreddit . 
  i do n't know for certain what hoverzoom is or does , but from the name i 'm assuming it 's one of those things that makes images larger when you hover over them . 
  the answer to your question , if my assumption is correct , or if it does something similar , is really simple it asks for permission to read and change data on websites you visit because it needs to read the page you visit to find any images , and change it to inject the javascript responsible for adding the zooming on hover . 
  its a powerful permission that gives them the * ability * to do a lot of potentially malicious stuff . 
  but it 's also exactly the permission required to do what they are * supposed * to be doing . 
  it 's up to you whether you trust them not to be doing more with that . 
  to expand on what / u/synaps4 said, 
  the one in that video looks like it 's got a handle on it . 
  presumably that 's attached to a latch . 
  that 's * really * weird to see on a fridge these days , and probably was even when that video came out ( hence their assertion that the fridges to avoid are * abandoned * ones ) . 
  without a latch , it would n't even make much * sense * for a fridge to * not * be openable from the inside . 
  sorry but no , i 'm removing this . 
  if you do n't intend for it to be pay what you want permanently , this has no place on this subreddit , * especially * seeing as it was shared here for feedback in the design of this class , and even [ the earlier draft versions ] ( https://sterlingvermin.com/2016/11/25/the-penultimate-magus/ ) seem to have been taken down . 
  yes , the mods have discussed it and the ruling stands . 
  it 's * deeply * against the philosophy of this subreddit to promote paid-only material . 
  frankly , many of us feel that if something has been developed with the aid of the community , it should be available to that community and not locked behind a paywall . 
  there 's something deeply malicious about both taking down existing freely released content ( it being a rule of the site is not a defence against this -- it 's a reason not to use the site ) and having leeched off of the community for financial gain . 
  frankly i find it * very * disappointing that this was developed with the generous voluntary help of the community ( mainly at / r/unearthedarcana ) , and that it is now being put up behind a paywall . 
  even worse , the creator has taken down the previously freely released versions that were used in the process of developing this , so that * even those * are no longer available . 
  if it were pwyw permanently , that would be one thing , but leeching off of the goodwill of the homebrew community for financial gain is not something i believe is honourable or should be accepted . 
  check out their [ hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) for the best stories on the subreddit . 
  limited time , at least according to the blog . 
  it 's only this weekend . 
  the most fun one-shot i 've had was probably when we all had to be goblinoids . 
  very recently , using the volo 's guide races . 
  it worked in that case because the dm had us all start in a goblin tribe , and his intent was to have us spend some time being goblins in the tribe , and then send us out to be slaughtered by a party of high-level `` pcs '' , as though we were the mooks that get killed in a typical quest . 
  of course , as these things a wont to do , things did not go as expected and we ended up knocking one of them unconscious in a freak accident and forcing the rest to retreat . 
  it would have been really cool if it * had * worked , but it was also really cool when we realised what was supposed to happen compared to what we ended up doing . 
  you need to demand a commander !, 
  wait , fuck . 
  i think i did that wrong . 
  i have nothing against you personally . 
  indeed , i have rather liked quite a bit of the content you 've created in the past . 
  what i and many of the other mods do not like is taking the community 's goodwill and attempting to leech off of it . 
  if you were making things pwyw , * that would be fine * . 
  but we have always been a * community * that believes in * sharing * content . 
  if you 're not interested in the community , that 's fine , you can take your stuff elsewhere . 
  do n't try moralising by claiming that removing a post that has attempted to circumvent the rules by * temporarily * being free is `` protecting them from getting [ it ] for free '' . 
  that 's ridiculous and you know it . 
  damn and there i was thinking i was doing some advanced stuff just by having images line up with the edge of the page , and having a racial quote that ends with the name of the ` author ' right-aligned . 
  this is like , leaps and bounds ahead of that !, 
  amazing stuff !, 
  if it 's something that makes sense in your setting , you could have the kenku write down the verbal component , show it to someone else ( probably a party member ) to have them read it out , and mimic that . 
  of course , in some settings that might not be possible : it might be impossible for non-magic users to read magic spells , for instance , or there may be no way to represent the magic in writing that 's understood by most people . 
  as far as your penultimate paragraph goes , this is a fairly well-known creator who has put out some stuff that a lot of people regard very highly , so this specific instance is less likely to be an issue than grabbing something from some rando . 
  incidentally , if you want a near-full-proof method of finding good player options to use , head over to / r/boh5e . 
  it 's a subreddit designed for only the highest quality content to be submitted , where it is reviewed by experienced reviewers . 
  that 's still no guarantee that it 's perfect , so it 's still worth reading through what the reviewers have said to see where you agree and do n't , but from everywhere i 've looked , it 's by far the best starting point . 
   they 're are n't small . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  sincerely , australia, 
  that 's what you would do if you were trying to replicate the tiefling 's racial entry , for example . 
  you 'll want to use a ` p ` , not a ` div ` , if you want the rest of the formatting to still match correctly . 
  most notably the amount of padding and margins above and below . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  the `` galaxy '' probably had no knowledge of them . 
  just the jedi ( nijaedit : my phone wanted to autocorrect that to jewish ... ) . 
  and if i had to guess , i 'd say it was a jealously guarded secret . 
  not to mention , for some reason ( i 'm aware of no good watsonian explanation , but the doylist one is probably just bad planning ) , knowledge * in general * seems to have been lost way more than it should have in that amount of time . 
  everyone in the galaxy seems to have forgotten that jedi and the force exist , most notably han solo and that one imperial officer who tells vader off for believing in some `` ancient religion '' . 
  if that has been lost , it 's no great surprise that the more specific aspect of how to identify a force sensitive would also be lost . 
  damn , what happened to the xkcd bot ? 
  did the mods ban it on this subreddit ? 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't read the title text . 
    makes fun of a mistake, 
    makes another mistake, 
  this is referred to as muphry 's law . 
  that 's not a typo . 
   space delimited numbers are hard to pass, 
  do you mean parse ? 
  mate , just give up . 
  the other guy 's not even trying to make sense . 
  either a troll or a moron . 
  not worth your time . 
  ah right , fair point . 
  i 'm curious , why recommend viola before violin ? 
  i really do n't know enough about either instrument to be able to comment . 
  i play single-reed woodwind , and the generally regarded best starting instrument is the soprano clarinet , because the required embouchure for saxophones is much less strict , so it 's better to start learning with the stricter instrument and then transition to something where you can relax a bit , than to have learned bad habits and have to learn greater discipline later on . 
  is there a similar relationship with the violin family ? 
  that 's interesting , but does n't work in the in-app browser . 
   word is just as easy to use, 
  no it is n't . 
  you 've got ta get all the right fonts , backgrounds , etc. , and you have to fight against it to get things like correct indentation , underlining , etc. 
  at that point , you might as well go all out and use some proper desktop publishing software like indesign . 
  homebrewery takes care of * everything * for you for basic situations , and allows full flexibility for more borderline cases . 
  full screen mode . 
  hit f11 on windows . 
  i think cmd-shift-f on mac . 
  hey sorry , but this is a subreddit for sharing stories from roleplaying games . 
  you should try asking at / r/dnd or / r/dndnext to ask questions about game ideas . 
  hi , just so you know , you appear to be shadowbanned . 
  this means no one will see your comments unless they are manually approved by a moderator of the subreddit . 
  it 's something that is only supposed to be applied to bots and spammers , no legitimate users should ever be shadowbanned , but in your case , that seems to be what 's happened .
