  in most cases you should be getting close to this , but not always . 
  if you 're doing a maths ee , for example , the majority of your paper will be equations and calculations , so you might not have more than a few hundred words . 
  just for what it 's worth , literally any software can theoretically be implemented in hardware . 
  in fact , that 's really what software * is * . 
  it 's just sending data through the correct logical operations in the correct order . 
  sorta like it 's simulating having the exact right hardware for it . 
  the actual logical operations involved in encryption are well known and relatively simple , so implementing directly in hardware is fairly simple . 
  the links others provided give more detail about the specifics . 
   perhaps `` the mountain ? '', 
  which one ? 
  or should they have all three ? 
  counter-clockwise means give way to your * left * . 
  convenient because you can most easily see to the left since your steering wheel is on the left . 
  in countries where you drive on the left ( steering wheel on the right ) like australia and britain , you give way to the right . 
  and the way in which it is relative really does not matter . 
  you give way to the person on your left . 
  you are on their right , so they do not give way to you . 
  simple . 
  it becomes problematic if all four directions have someone arrive at the same time . 
  there are no laws for that case . 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it display as greentext . 
  see [ our manual of style ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) for more advanced style and formatting options on this subreddit . 
  not nearly enough dark corners for all the characters to hide in !, 
  [ i went ahead and did it myself ] ( http://pastebin.com/1thz8izh ) . 
  posted a link in case anyone here on macos or linux wants to use it . 
  instructions provided in the file . 
  the linux instructions assume a somewhat higher degree of technical proficiency in order to be able to run it ( for obvious reasons ) , but mac instructions should be useable by anyone . 
  file needs to be named without an extension ( for it to work on macos with double clicking the file ) . 
  ` rpic ` is the name i used , no ` rpic.txt ` or ` rpic.sh ` or similar . 
  opens jpegs , gifs , and pngs . 
  other file formats can be easily added in by editing line 46 . 
   left-wing students usually oppose big multinational corporations being anywhere near the lecture halls but ... 
  but their own article describes that it is thrive , a party they posit has connections to the lnp , who is calling for this . 
  was never on aussie netflix to begin with :(, 
  australia 's biggest telco apparently owns 62 % of the total market . 
  i 'm not sure how it 's even more disturbing if they reproduce sexually than if assimilation is their only method of ` reproduction ' . 
  if they reproduce sexually that , to me , makes them seem far more ` normal ' and , for lack of a better term , far more human . 
  it 's a way in which they are not quite as different from us as we thought . 
  if , on the other hand , the only way they keep their species going and increase their numbers is by assimilating more people , that 's terrifying !, 
  they are a complete parasite through and through , and their * only * method of continuing to exist is through constant conquest and the forced assimilation of more and more people . 
  they are forced by their very nature to constantly expand . 
  i do n't know which i think it * actually * is , but to me the former seems * substantially * more comprehensible . 
  hey , i 've flaired this subclass for you , but in the future please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your posts . 
   same reason druids and rangers do , there 's just 2 types of magic in the world, 
  they do ? 
  and there are ? 
  where does it say that ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , 5e does n't have that kind of detail for where `` power sources '' come from . 
  in 4e druids were primal in their power source and rangers were martial or primal . 
  no divine in sight . 
  this is completely unreadable in its current form . 
  the page formatting is such that the vast majority of text is in the `` third column '' of the page . 
  not so much ` even worse ' as ` exactly the same ' , since that 's also what i 'm using . 
  but the reason in this case is that the creator has written it up bizarrely . 
  all those column breaks just placed in completely wrong places . 
  mechanically your assessment is probably more or less correct , but skyrim imo does a much better job of conveying an interesting mood/tone , atmosphere , and setting than oblivion did . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zuynhkal1i ) does a much better job of explaining it than i could . 
   the only time i ever enjoy his music is when he is basing it on hymns or other quotations . 
  i 'll admit i 've never really * tried * to get into copland that much , but i did study el sal\u00f3n m\u00e9xico in high school , and i absolutely love that piece . 
  but it 's also largely an example of basing it on other quotations . 
  i think the very best thing you could do is out of game . 
  encourage him to go and see a therapist or psychiatrist . 
  depression is am * illness * , and really needs to be treated as such -- by seeing a medical professional and possibly taking appropriate diagnosed medication . 
  that would be an undo stack , not a queue . 
  stacks pop off the last thing you put in them when you try to get something out . 
  queues get things out in the same order they go in . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  personally my preferred argument for tabs is simply that they are the * semantically correct option * . 
  one tab represents one semantic level of indentation . 
  it 's elegant . 
  spaces are ugly . 
  the `` everyone can view it how they prefer '' argument is unimportant to me , though it certainly is a nice little bonus . 
  because why should everyone see the code the same way you do ? 
  what benefit is there to that ? 
  if you 're aligning text specifically , you use tabs up until the semantic level of indentation , and spaces beyond that . 
  that 's what i do , too , except i use different shapes for different spell slot levels to make it clearer which are which . 
  triangles for 1st level , squares for 2nd level , pentagons , penta * grams * , etc. 
  that way , it 's slightly easier to tell at a glance . 
  oh wow , i just launched firefox and had a look at it in that . 
  i mean yeah , this looks a lot nicer in that , but holy * fuck * is that ** not ** a good thing . 
  it seems to just be * completely ignoring * the ` column break ' syntax for some reason . 
  what 's elegant is that you 're using each in the correct way . 
  the tabs tell you how it fundamentally relates to other code , and the spaces make it line up with other things in the way you want so that it visually lines up . 
  there could not possibly be anything more elegant . 
  the correct response is clearly to use a portable ballista . 
  bonus points if it 's made of pvc . 
  wlofram alpha completely got me through my first year uni courses in maths . 
  at the time , though , it was free . 
  it 's a damn shame that it is n't any more . 
  in the future , could you please link to the share page , not the print page . 
  this one opens up a dialogue box asking them to print when the user opens it . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  it 's a joke mate . 
  anyone else just super glad we 're getting to see more supergirl ? 
  after how unsure her future looked at the end of last season i 'm just ecstatic that it was n't cancelled . 
  i believe that in the christian mythology , accepting jesus as the saviour if humanity is both a necessary and sufficient condition for going to heaven . 
  the uk version or the australian ? 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  there 's some stuff on pages 2 and 9 that 's bleeding across into the 3rd column . 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it display as greentext .
