  that 's definitely how american shows/movies make me think , anyway . 
  i feel lucky that in my school people considered minority instruments like the horn and oboe really cool . 
  for some reason i was expecting [ this ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-to2zddeeu7s/uhhml-fswgi/aaaaaaaaarg/cvvhz1ev0ew/w1118-h629-no/24_08_2013+brisbane.jpg ) to be the image . 
  i thought it said pope at first . 
  i like to help pope . 
  since you 're a uni student you 'll probably also be happy to know that there is no minister for tertiary education , that has been rolled into the minister for education 's portfolio . 
  and that person is christopher pyne . 
  yay . 
  on the one hand i do n't agree with him that you should forcibly retire people who have proven themselves to be good at their job just in order to give younger people a chance , but on the other hand i 'm not sure you can just ` invent ' a new field . 
  it has to come up organically as a result of research within that field , you ca n't just decide we need a new field and then do it . 
  oh god , i found this way funnier than i should have . 
  not really . 
  they 're asylum seekers , not immigrants , illegal or otherwise . 
  i do n't think the previous pm is a good one to compare to . 
  he was only in office for a few months , and he knew that would likely be the case at the time . 
  better would be to compare it to either rudd 's first ministry , or gillard 's . 
  yup , because implementing an ets , introducing ndis , and starting the building of the nbn are making `` a complete balls of it '' . 
  if you 'd still like to see the nbn , make sure you 've [ signed the petition ] ( http://www.change.org/en-au/petitions/the-liberal-party-of-australia-reconsider-your-plan-for-a-fttn-nbn-in-favour-of-a-superior-ftth-nbn ) and gotten as many of your friends to sign it as possible . 
  and consider joining us at / r/savethenbn, 
  while that 's true , that has nothing ( or , at least , very little ) to do with this . 
  this is all about preventing asylum seekers coming by boat . 
  read : tony abbott is disappointed sophie mirabella will likely lose her seat . 
  i was reading up on this for a different reddit conversation yesterday . 
  i believe it is allowed as an act of foreplay , but not a standalone act . 
  i remember it being fairly common-ish when i was young ~ 11 -- 14 years ago . 
  thanks , but i kinda like my guy 's egyptian arm . 
  ( and i had to use a backslash to get it to work , apparently \\ _ ... _ displays as italics otherwise . ), 
  oh shit , i just realised who that was . 
  no wonder he 's complaining about how labor did . 
  that said , the amount of pro-abbott in this thread is really surprising compared to what i 'm used to on reddit . 
  even outside from the usual liberal supporters we get at / r/australia . 
  you may be confused about how it works . 
  daylight saving time is when you shift an hour forward in the summer . 
  what happens in winter is irrelevant . 
  actually it 's not accurately known whether daylight saving is a money saver or a money loser . 
  but either way the scale of it is negligible . 
  how does shifting your clock forward an hour in summer help with people getting depressed due to lack of sun in winter ? 
  this is what i 've never understood . 
  in the places that have daylight saving , it 's typically 6 or 7 at night before the sun goes down during summer anyway , so why would you need to get an hour * more * ? 
  conversely , these places see very little sun in winter , and yet they move the clock * back * to a more natural time over that season . 
  why is everyone in this thread discussing what happens during winter ? 
  daylight saving ( or summer time , as it is officially known in europe ) is the shifting forward of the clock by one hour during the * summer * months . 
  no change occurs during winter , and in fact relative to the summer months you are actually shifting it * backwards * , so that you get `` less '' daylight than you would if you just always had it shifted an hour forward . 
  my understanding was that the legislation had already been passed that we would move to an ets soon . 
  a period of fixed price before moving to cap and trade is necessary to allow firms time to get used to priced carbon , and to allow the government the chance to gauge roughly where to set the cap . 
  i do n't know enough about the pink bats scheme to comment , i was n't living in australia for most of the past labor governments ' term . 
  the school halls thing was a major part of the economic stimulus that was necessary to prevent recession , and also helped provide schools with high quality equipment to help with education . 
  i saw this myself when i went to vote back on the 7th . 
  i went up to my primary school -- which i had not been to in 9 years since i left the country -- and noticed that their old outdoor , concrete floored , assembly area had been replaced with a hall equipped with a stage and lighting system . 
  the school halls scheme also involved spending on school libraries and classrooms , as well as providing for science labs and sporting facilities . 
  so no , i would not consider that a failure , despite how abbott and murdoch would like to present it . 
  and the asylum seeker issue simply should not be an issue . 
  it 's an issue of human rights and labor did ( until the second rudd term ) their best to provide reasonable human rights efforts while also considering our economic interests . 
  asylum seekers coming by unauthorised boats do n't tend to stop at docks . 
  but the point is that the reason abbott has introduced this new ministry is because of the issue of ` boat people ' , and wanting to stop them . 
  it 's a major political issue for some reason , and he wants to look strong . 
  damn , the ti-83 ca n't do that itself ? 
  my ti-84 could . 
  heck , even the casio fx100au i have to use for most of my exams ( strict calculator regulations ) can do it . 
  besides , i actually far prefer working in radians . 
  have since the first day we leant them . 
  funny , i 've had the opposite experience . 
  using voice dictation and google now on my nexus 4 or on google.com in chrome is far less accurate than the built in voice dictation in mac os x. 
  not to mention it also actually understands punctuation marks . 
  i can write emoticons using it by saying `` colon close bracket '' . 
   plus it does n't make me say `` period '' when i want a full stop like google 's voice recognition does , despite being in australian english on both . 
  i just wish google would license nuance 's fantastic voice recognition rather than trying to develop their own rather mediocre alternative . 
  no , there is such a thing , but it 's not what he 's talking about . 
  you can develop a sort of neutral or `` international '' accent if you travel a lot while young and go to international schools . 
  you take on an accent that has been shaped by all the other accents around you until yours can not be placed . 
  sodomy is still illegal in malaysia and singapore , as well as many other countries where it is somewhat less surprising . 
  oh right , i thought you meant states in the sense of an independent nation . 
  nope you 're completely correct . 
  and yes , it 's bizarre . 
  ok , but how about someone from britain ? 
  should they not be able to institute a freedom of information request against the monarch ? 
  or , somewhat more controversially , how about an australian , or a canadian ? 
  they are the monarch of those countries as well , and so should be subjected to the laws of those countries too . 
  or for the more enlightened among us :, 
  sure you can . 
  plenty of things are considered child abuse that would be perfectly legal if done to a random acquaintance or friend . 
  various forms of neglect , for example ( you are required to provide food and clothing , etc. ) . 
  the way you can treat children is regulated for more than how you treat adults . 
  how is putting your child in a situation where they are constantly surrounded by carcinogenic substances * not * child endangerment ? 
   nobody hates the new star trek, 
  \\* raises hand *, 
  nono , you 're supposed to ask questions that will help * narrow down * the possibilities . 
  to be fair , we 've had a minister for sport since 2009 , and a minister with the word sport in his title since 1983 , when it was first renamed as such by the labor party . 
  but still , not having a minister for science . 
  it really does show you how the liberal party truly thinks . 
  not to mention the removal of a minister for multicultural affairs , climate change , or disability . 
  though each of those could more reasonably accounted for as being part of another minister 's portfolio . 
  to be fair , we do now have a member from the sports party in the senate . 
  i guess it just makes sense to have a frontbencher representing sports . 
  i 'm still waiting for you to be able to do this on android when you already have google now open up . 
  apparently that is possible in the us , but i do n't see any reason that that feature should be left out for other users . 
  edit : but on the plus side , with the new update you can get that microphone straight from the new tab page . 
  i found i never used the google search voice recognition feature because it meant going to google.com first , rather than typing straight from the omnibar . 
  with the mic button appearing on the new tab page , i think i 'll use it a lot more . 
  well i 'm sorry , but debussy is * clearly * green .
