  i want to throw howard shore ( actually born late 40s ) and james newton howard ( early 50s ) into the mix . 
  they 're definitely among my favourite film composers , apart from williams . 
  i personally find zimmer a really dull composer , for what it 's worth . 
  is his the one that was included in a performance of beethoven 's 3rd piano concerto and stravinsky 's le sacre du printemps by the new york philharmonic . 
  i got ta say , i listened to the recording , and i did n't think much of it . 
  that said , perhaps because of the spacial aspect to it , you really * really * need to see it performed live , rather than a recording . 
  if that were it ( not saying it is or is n't , although many others in this thread have other answers that seem more logical to me ) , the strings would not be the ones you 'd look at so much as the lower brass and winds . 
  their instruments take longer to sound than any of the string players . 
  i imagine it 's so that it provides a consistant experience across operating systems . 
   if the os has a standard look & feel , all apps should attempt to maintain it, 
  i feel that this is generally the case , but there are cases that do n't follow this , and i do n't blame them for it . 
  adobe is another example . 
  its software uses the same interface on windows and mac , and in neither case is it particularly well suited to the operating system 's design standards . 
  i think chrome is another case where this is warranted . 
  could you explain why , exactly , this is a * bad * thing , in your opinion ? 
  having personalised results that are more appropriate to you means you get results that are more likely to be what your looking for . 
  for example , if i search for `` broncos '' , my top result is the denver broncos , an american football team . 
  this is actually not at all the results i want , so in that particular case the results * are n't personal enough * . 
  google already knows i 'm from brisbane -- i 've told them that , but they have n't used it here . 
  if i used something that does n't use personalised results , there 's no chance of that problem ever being fixed , and other cases where the personalised results are already benefitting me would go away . 
   could n't care less about world history reports, 
  ftfy, 
  i do n't know if that 's an american company or not , but it * definitely * is n't something you 'd call an american food . 
  it 's one of the most popular brands in australia , too . 
  i happen to love it . 
  real butter is too damn hard to spread , and i honestly do n't notice the difference . 
  as a non-american ( edit : australian ) , i hate when people ( usually asians and europeans ) call cr\u00eapes `` pancakes '' . 
  they are not the same thing in english . 
  they might be in your language , but they 're not in mine . 
  i 've been tricked by that waaay too many times on menus . 
  another australian , and i hate it when people use the word pancake to refer to cr\u00eapes . 
  they are n't the same thing ... not even remotely . 
  i call any of those round flat-ish snacks biscuits , whether savoury or sweet . 
  i had a similar experience in europe the first time i went there . 
  went to a store , bought some water , went outside and had a drink . 
  ended up spraying it all over the parking lot . 
  it was carbonated . 
  seriously , what 's the point of carbonated water ? 
  outside of america , jelly is a desert made from adding water to a form of crystals . 
  i believe it 's what you call gello . 
  we call both of those other things jams . 
   its cuz we grew up eating it, 
  definitely what it is . 
  that 's why all us aussies love some vegemite , but no one else can stand it . 
  what do you mean by anti-drug ? 
  deep fried marsbar , served with ice-cream . 
  actually a scottish ... `` delicacy '' . 
   by far the best fries out of all the fast food restaurants i 've been too, 
  they 're my favourite too , apart from red rooster 's famous chips ( that 's the official brand-name for them ) . 
  if you ever go to australia , you have to try them , they 're just amazing . 
  calling the pot black , are we ? 
  oh ok , thanks !, 
  i was n't sure whether the term was meant in a serious or a joking way . 
  i made two comments in two different threads about this . 
  in the other one i mentioned specifically in the english language , i forgot to do that here . 
  there are many different blending layers which basically signify how the top layer is merged with the layer below . 
  i do n't know exactly the technical details of many of them , though . 
  some are very simple ( at least , i think ) , like `` normal '' , which is what is used in the bottom picture of the op ( i.e. , it displays the top layer simply on top of the bottom layer ) . 
  `` darken '' and `` lighten '' also seem fairly simple , they darken or lighten the below image by the value of the colours in the top layer ( at least , i think it 's something like that ) . 
  usually , the best way to work out the one you want is trial and error . 
  the colour/color 's made that post unnecessarily confusing ( it seemed to me at first as though it may have been saying they `` transfer one colour to a color and no information from the colour to the color original '' , or something like that ) . 
  i think any redditor ( indeed , any person ) can work out what you mean if you just use on of them . 
  stick with whichever you personally prefer . 
  please please please post the link publicly , i wan na see it too !, 
  tbh i just do n't like peanut paste ( that 's what we in aus call your peanut butter , comes from farmers not wanting it competing with actual butter ) , so i would n't like it anyway , but if someone was actually confused about what you mean by jelly it makes perfect sense that they 'd be grossed out . 
  also in australia , you 'd be really lucky to get a $ 50 aaa title . 
  to be fair , most people do n't care about the need for approval of apps on the iphone , it 's only the apple haters ( of which there are a lot on reddit ) . 
  in australia $ 50 for a aaa title is a really good deal . 
  sigh . 
  haha yeah , i always wait a while for things just for the sake of patches ( or at least having other people confirm if it 's fully stable ) . 
  haha no worries , i figured that 's what you were trying to do . 
  i do n't think anyone will be offended by you using the other type of spelling ( and if they are offended by it , that 's because they 're easily offendable !, 
  does n't go away even after you 've given it money ? 
  check . 
  i used to prefer demonoid ... 
  it was much better for less popular things ... 
  sigh . 
  i tried to install lotr : online via steam . 
  there was a link to make an account , so i clicked it . 
  it opened ie , rather than my default browser ( chrome ) . 
  i do n't know what would have happened had i not had ie installed at that point . 
  would n't the next version likely be windows 6.3 ? 
  on account of win7 being 6.1 , and win8 being 6.2 ? 
  oh right , fair enough . 
  a matthew reilly fan , are you ? 
  a sphincter is any one of many different rings of muscle at various parts of the body . 
  there are also two anal sphincters , one that in involuntary ( it will open automatically when it decides it 's ready ) , and one that is voluntary ( that you keep closed yourself so that even when the involuntary one is open you can still prevent yourself from pooing . 
  there does n't seem to be one . 
  i think that means we get to make one up !, 
  i vote for yellophobia . 
  yeah , good point . 
  i wish we knew who it was . 
  americans put their shorthand dates backwards . 
  oh , i see nothing wrong with the / . 
  that really makes no difference . 
  going month/date/year is what really does n't make sense . 
  it 's like medium/small/large . 
  year/month/date is fine , as is date/month/year , because they 're both linear . 
  they both continue in a single direction . 
  it 's like [ this diagram ] ( http://static.themetapicture.com/media/funny-day-month-year-date-america.jpg ) .
