  i agree , it was really vague . 
  archangel, 
  that 's the trick . 
  anyone who does n't know that but just wants to bullshit their way to getting a job will put it on their cv . 
  anyone who actually knows the industry well enough to know that it 's a completely new language would leave it off , or possibly even bring it up in an interview . 
  that , or whoever wrote up the requirements was an idiot . 
  i know which i consider more likely . 
  ninjaedit : as a side note , you could probably count objective-c experience as close enough to count . 
  second edit : maybe they meant [ this programming language , also called swift ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swift_ ( parallel_scripting_language \\ ) ) / s, 
  they want people who had a hand in writing the spec . 
  just as a slightly related anecdote . 
  my parents work overseas , and their employer provides international health insurance for them . 
  it 's valid everywhere in the world except the us . 
  and possibly antarctica . 
  ah right . 
  very cool . 
  who do you support in soccer ? 
  ( or football , i guess you 'd call it . ), 
  if we lose the nt we have to also lose the act , since they 're on the same star point . 
  i prefer new souther wales . 
  no it does n't , because at least this way they do n't get advertising revenue for scummy `` journalism '' . 
  have an upvote for your honesty . 
  i kinda agree with you . 
  all of the problems you described are real problems in this show . 
  some of them can be described away to an extent in-universe ( like the way characters behave etc. 
  ) , but that does n't change the fact that it 's annoying for the audience . 
  that said , for me none of these problems are enough to make the show * bad * . 
  they make it significantly less awesome than atla was , but i can still seriously enjoy lok for its overall story and for learning about the overall lore of the avatar universe . 
  you say you ragequit half way through season two . 
  * please * tell me that that was before episodes seven and eight . 
  if it was , you absolutely * have * to go back and watch those episodes . 
  in my opinion -- and the opinions of a lot of people that i know like lok , but not as much as atla -- those two episodes are at least as good as the best atla had to offer , or possibly better . 
  it makes the rest of the season worth it just for that . 
  i assume they mean using right handed guns in a right-handed way . 
  koalas are n't bears ( i 'm sure you know this ) , but pandas are ( your comment seems to me like it 's implying that they are n't ) . 
  they 're ( that is , giant pandas are ) members of the ursidae family , which is essentially the `` bear '' family . 
  fun fact , though : red pandas are n't pandas . 
  even if you previously thought he was from australia , i do wonder why seeing the title of this post ( he works for the bbc ) would n't have at least put some doubt in your mind . 
  right , that 's why i said `` put some doubt in your mind '' rather than `` make you realise you were wrong '' . 
  unless you previously thought he was an australian who lives in the uk , i guess . 
  i just read / u/storytellerbob 's '' [ ten years ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1agb5g/if_you_had_a_reset_button_for_the_last_10_years/c8x7vfq ) '' ( it was mentioned in the article ) . 
  holy shit . 
  that story was amazing . 
  i 'm not even a little bit ashamed to admit i 'm in years after reading that . 
  the least country-like country that 's still a country . 
  that 's literally the only thing i know about the country . 
  i only know it because i saw the freedom of the press index a while back , and jumped to the bottom because i was curious . 
  i was surprised there was someone lower than north korea . 
  yeah honestly i got ta agree with the other guy . 
  do n't change your physical keyboard layout , leave it as qwerty . 
  the usual reason i state for this is that it forces you to learn to touch type much more effectively , making you a much faster and more efficient typist . 
  however , for your specific situation -- gaming -- i would additionally suggest that leaving it dvorak is helpful for actual gaming . 
  games use hotkeys that make sense . 
  things like g often being grenade , i being inventory , k is often associated with skills , etc. 
  you 've probably got some amount of muscle memory for these things , so you know where to look for them . 
  additionally , if you remap wasd to < aoe it could mess up hotkeys down the road . 
  those two problems mean that it 's kinda infeasible to use the same letters for the same commands . 
  instead , it 's best to use the keyboard as if it were a qwerty layout while gaming . 
  in fact , i would suggest just switching the keyboard layout ( ctrl-shift is the default keyboard shortcut to toggle between layouts on windows ) when gaming . 
  i might suggest looking at the optimus maximus , or a similar keyboard * , if you want something that 's backlit and can be used with the dvorak layout . 
  it has the extra advantage that if you switch back to qwerty , it 'll still work just fine with that , since each key is a display that will just show what it 's currently set to . 
  \\* surely there must be some keyboard with the same ability to switch what letter is displayed on the key , without the  $ 1000 price tag ... 
  [ i did a full write-up of my early experiences here ] ( https://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/08/29/dvorak/ ) . 
  the most important parts for you are that i used these two sites :, 
  and that i would strongly recommend using dvorak at every single possible moment when typing . 
  there are a couple of other worthwhile tips in there , too . 
  what level igcse did you take ? 
  my school required a \\* s at igcse extended maths ( which is the `` normal '' level ) if you wanted to do hl maths at ib . 
  that said , i personally would recommend an a \\* at extended and having at least taken advanced maths ( which is what you do in the second year if you did extended maths in the first year ) , even if you did n't get a great result . 
  edit : a \\* s , not as with italics between them . 
  the text they give you for demonstration at 450 wpm is actually really clever . 
  this kind of thing is usually used just for learning to speed-read , but it could have a much more practical use if it were used as the actual main reading format on smartwatches and the like . 
  seriously . 
  it should n't be that hard to just ask that people know and understand what their own timezone is as an offset from utc . 
  then , when quoting times that people want to know internationally , give local time ( us pacific time in this case , i believe ) and utc . 
  people can work out when it is at their location using that . 
  it 's really not hard . 
  you have to remember at most 2 numbers ( standard time and daylight saving time ) , and for most of the world it 's only one number . 
  ( even better would be if we all just started using one single international time zone . 
  that would be so much nicer , but it 's also even less likely to happen . ), 
  i just started dragon age 1 last night . 
  man it 's so damn awesome . 
   except it 's a lot more convenient to just put the time in the timezone that people in said timezone use everyday . 
  i 'm gon na need you to explain that . 
  i 'm not really sure what you mean . 
   a standard international timezone would n't make any sense for differentiating between am and pm, 
  yeah , if you used one universal timezone you 'd be forced to use 24 hour time . 
  personally with localised timezones how we have them now , i far prefer 12-hour format . 
  but i 'd be willing to put up with using 24-hour time for the other advantages of a universal timezone . 
  where i am it 's 2 banana 6 apple . 
   the world does n't revolve around america . 
  yeah , i know it does n't . 
  i 'm not american . 
  the problem it it 's just not feasible to say what time it is in every time zone ever . 
  there are too many of them with complicated rules , and displaying them all in advertising or whatever is just too unwieldy . 
  so instead you say the local timezone -- for e3 that 's america 's pacific time ( utc-8 ) , but for , say , this year 's winter olympics it would have been moscow time zone ( utc +4 ) -- and utc . 
  from utc anyone else can work out with one simple sum what time it is where they are . 
  all it requires is that people know their own timezone , which is not a big ask . 
   i do n't think you understand - a standardised time zone would n't make sense full stop . 
  in the end you 'd have to learn how far behind in time each place is relative to you to understand what time it is there - which funnily enough is exactly what time zones are for .
