  tell that to / r/mapswithoutnz and / r/mapswithouttasmania . 
   young justice already started off as an ensamble show , so it does n't make sense to go backwards and spin off single-character centered shows, 
  tell that to the dccu . 
  ( although , granted , i 'm firmly of the opinion that they mad a mistake doing it the way they are . ), 
   it could be , depending on the nature of the messaging, 
  the argument was that it likly * would * be hateful . 
  it happened in ireland , and the campaign from the no side really was very hateful . 
  they , at least , had the excuse that they * needed * to do it via referendum because it * was * a constitutional change . 
  it could and possibly would be hateful from both sides . 
  but hate from the no side is far more likely to be impactful , considering it 's targeting an already vulnerable group . 
   so run it in conjunction with the next federal election . 
  it 's still going to be more expensive than necessary ( where `` necessary '' means `` no cost whatsoever , because we do it with a fucking act of parliament '' ) , because it would require funding for advertising campaigns from both sides . 
   it 's pretty easy to write legislation that says `` if the plebiscite gets up , this becomes law '', 
  but they did n't . 
  this went through parliament , and the bill that was voted down by the senate did * not * include that provision . 
   given how long standing and divisive this whole issue has been , get a say from everyone in the damn country and put it to bed one way or the other, 
  this has ** never ** been how our government is run . 
  we implemented medicare , we put in strict gun control laws , we sold of medibank , we sold off telstra , and the commonwealth bank , we got involved in iraq , and many other controversial ( either at the time , or still thought of that way today ) acts have been done purely through parliament . 
  in fact , in the country 's entire * history * , thre have only ever been three plebiscites . 
  two of which failed , and the last one of which could n't be definition fail , since it was choosing between multiple positive options . 
  the two that failed were both all the way back during wwi , and related to military service . 
  to have a plebiscite on marriage equality would be to go against over a century of political convention in this country . 
  that sweating emoji looks to me mor lik it 's got a tear in its eye , compared to the [ apple one ] ( https://emojipedia.org/face-with-cold-sweat/ ) , which is what chrome 's displaying for me on my laptop , which is clearly , even at small size , a drop of sweat . 
  they do hav that availabl , but it 's considered bad style . 
  i do appreciate using the pre increment though . 
  broadly , it just felt like it had the same problems of the last few seasons , only in smaller doses . 
  i ca n't , off the top of my head , think of all the specific reasons . 
  but the biggest most obvious one i can point to is all the new characters . 
  the rag guy and the t guy were the worst , but all of the new ones introduced just never gave a reason for me to give a shit about them . 
  they kinda just imposed themselves upon the show . 
  but why ? 
  what does google 's app offer that makes it worth the time of day compared to other apps out there ? 
  i just find it infuriating how it 's seemingly deliberately just nerfing itself . 
   intentional places , usually where prediction is already handled by the app itself, 
  i 'm not aware of any place that actually handles text prediction in the same way a keyboard does . 
  usually it assumes what you 've already typed is correct , and predicts based on that . 
  google search and play store search being such examples . 
   there 's a setting, 
  for the hold and drag to do symbols thing ? 
  where ? 
  i ca n't find it . 
  best i can find is decreasing/increasing the amount of time you need to hold before it pops up . 
  but you still have to wait for it to pop up before dragging across , which is an inferior experience . 
  i mean dragging from the full stop to the question mark or exclamation mark , mostly . 
  and i 'm asking : what is the use that makes gboard not strictly inferior to swiftkey . 
  as far as i can tell , everything that gboard does , swiftkey also does , but swiftkey adds more useful functionality on top . 
  i personally do n't like it , because it feels like munchkining . 
  removing the interesting flavour of a race in order to get an extra mechanical bonus . 
  i play a style where i 'm much more interested in the story and world than in the combat and dungeon crawling . 
  but allowing loose racial stat allocation is a pretty common house rule , and from a mechanical perspective , it wo n't break the game . 
  if you want to allow it , go ahead . 
  balance-wise , it 's not a problem at all . 
   any race from volos ( but orc ), 
  but seriously . 
  what the fuck is up with the orcs . 
  it 's a * terrible * race to play . 
  you 'd literally be better off just playing a half-orc and calling it an orc . 
  that 's a really interesting system , but i do wonder how it would interact with the non-standard races . 
  the human ( both variant and `` standard '' ) , the mountain dwarf , and the half-elf , which get 6 +1 s ( or two +1 s ) , 2 +2 s , and 1 +2 & 2 +1 s , respectively . 
  not to say that these are things which would necessarily prevent using a system like that , just that it would make the process more difficult . 
  in one country . 
  depending on how old you are now , your 6 year old self might be upset about how much the current understanding of what dinosaurs are what has changed . 
  from the looks of it , that does n't have chat heads , which is a pretty big deal breaker , unfortunately . 
  well , yeah . 
  a software engineer is just that , an * engineer * . 
  you 've got ta have a bachelor of engineering or equivalent to be one . 
  tbh i 'm studying software engineering , and even i think calling me an engineer ( or rather , once i 'm graduated doing that ) is a little silly . 
  we 're so separated from the rest of the engineering faculty . 
  there 's a little overlap in courses especially in earlier years , but a lot of those either have no real place for software engineers at all , or have one kinda hamfisted in . 
  sure it was n't great , but `` the worst '' ? 
  legends of tomorrow is still on the air , remember . 
  just a warning , dropbox is excruciatingly slow to grab stuff from when used as a public file sharer like this . 
  they will also sometimes block off access to a file if it 's being accessed by too many people . 
  i do n't know if it 's necessarily the most optimised , but i would go fighter/rogue . 
  start in fighter for heavy armour and longbows , and get it up to ( not necessarily immediately , but eventually ) at least level 3 . 
  go champion for the expanded crit range , which is extra effective for sneak attacks . 
  mostly go rogue for the highest sneak attack die you can get . 
  once you can , use the hide action in combat as much as possible to get advantage on your attacks co capitalise fully on that expanded crit range . 
  rogues by their very nature have incredible utility , and this combo should be excellent for dpr . 
  eh , i really ca n't agree . 
  the lack of consequences for all the times the main characters fucked up is just too hard to get past . 
   is the owner recompensated ? 
  lol , this is amusing . 
  it 's like a merging of recompensed and compensated . 
  i do n't know for sure if this will work , but try tpb torrent number 17826742 . 
  ( not gon na link directly because i suspect reddit 's spam filter will be triggered . ), 
  the most popular host for this sort of thing is google drive . 
  a musical instrument really is n't something g you can learn online . 
  you need a real teacher to be able to watch you and point out where your technique is flawed and listen to help give specific feedback on your playing . 
  when learning you do n't have the ability to notice these things yourself , and without a teacher you could get into bad habits that are very hard to break . 
  wait , they put the checkout on youtube ? 
  i usually watch it on the abc or on iview . 
  but yeah , it 's an absolutely amazing show . 
  raw states, 
   you must meet the ability score prerequisites for both your current class and your new one, 
  there exist * no * ability score prerequisites for the mystic . 
  therefore , using a raw interpretation , you can multiclass into or out of the mystic no matter what your stats , as long as you are allowed to multiclass into or out of whatever other class is involved . 
  that 's a stupid rule that only applies to their stupid organised play division . 
  outside of al , it 's not worth discussing . 
  i had a player at my table who was pretty much the same .
