  if it were , the sopranino keys ( to borrow a term from clarinet lexicography , with which i am more familiar ) would be on the right , but we ca n't see any . 
  yeah so much this . 
  i would n't rate it especially high if asked to rank the `` best '' tv shows of all time , but i can not think of a ** single ** other show that left me more emotionally invested than chuck did . 
  the cast and writers just did such a good job of bringing the characters truly to life that , far more than any other show i 've ever seen , i really , deeply cared about what happened to them and wanted the best for them . 
  it 's what made the ending so powerful . 
  i would say it 's one of the most well-executed endings out there . 
   i 'm not sure what your point is here . 
  of course bikes do less damage to peds than cars do , that 's why we do n't allow cars on the sidewalk either . 
  sorry , thought it was clear from context , i should have specified . 
  i meant that bikes for less damage to pedestrians than cars do to bikes . 
  as for the rest of it , you seem to assume that a cyclist on the footpath would he doing the same speed as a cyclist on the road . 
  and if that 's the premise then i agree , it 's silly and dangerous . 
  but a cyclist going at 10 -- 15 km/h and watching their surroundings poses absolutely no threat to pedestrians . 
  as i said before , they can easily swerve or stop to avoid collisions in the case of people jumping out . 
  and at intersections , this speed is low enough that the cyclist can see for themselves that no car is coming , and is also in the range that a safe driver will be expecting to see and will be on the lookout for ( after all , someone out for a run will easily be at that speed ) . 
  but any way , i 'd rather have a low speed collision between myself and a car just coming out of a driveway or pulling up to an intersection , than a high speed one riding along the road . 
  this title made me think , we 've never ( or at least not in a * long * time ) had a one-term federal government . 
  how common is a single-term state government ? 
  the enforcement is simple . 
  in * any * accident of a footpath between a cyclist and a pedestrian , unless the cyclist was stationary or walking the bike at the time , the cyclist should be legally considered at fault and responsible for any damages . 
  do n't institute an exact speed limit or anything like that because varying circumstances might mean in some cases it 's safe to go faster than that 15 km/h , while in others it may not be safe to go anywhere near that speed . 
  maybe his teaspoons are made of plastic , rather than metal ? 
  i dunno , i think the title is dumb . 
  i just assumed he meant a teaspoon of water ... 
  the threat should be enough . 
  dangerous cycling on the footpath is not something that i 've ever actually encountered or heard about here , and it 's already completely legal . 
  ( dangerous cycling on the roads , on the other hand ... ) so it be completely honest , it 's just not a risk that 's all that significant . 
   once you hit zero you 're dead . 
  uhh , no , that 's just wrong . 
  and if you 're house ruling that in , that 's a ridiculously harsh rule to have . 
  dropping to 0 , not matter how it happens , does n't outright kill you . 
  you 're only outright killed if the damage received in excess of 0 is equal to your max hp , in 5e , and if you drop below - half your max hp in 4e . 
  edit : did n't realise this was a specific exception to those rules . 
  disregard this post , see the replies to it . 
  you could actually have -5 con modifier . 
  a score of 1 translates to a modifier of -5 . 
  7 days, 
  oh fair enough , thanks for the clarification . 
  nah mate , you 're perfectly fine . 
  brb , gon na go play the entertainer on my piano . 
  so what you 're saying is the delay is so that people watching ca n't quickly tell the * players * what their opponent is doing ? 
  could n't they solve this by having the player be somewhere that * no one * can communicate with them ? 
  i hated the puppet episode , but i also really did n't like abed 's christmas episode or the gi joe episode . 
  the only non-live-action episode i 've liked was the hawthorne video game one . 
  but i absolutely love the origin episode . 
  it 's probably in my top 5 , definitely top 10 , favourite episodes . 
  personally i 'd rank them 3 , 2 , 1 , 4 , 5 , but i agree with most of the specific points you made . 
  definitely do n't think season 4 deserves the hate it gets . 
  if season 6 stays at the same quality it has so far , i expect it 'll slot in ahead of 1 but below 2 in my ranking . 
  i do n't even think it 's the worst season of community . 
  to be honest , i prefer it over season 5 . 
  eight . 
  oh no :( i 'm not gon na have a non-mobile internet connection until the 31st , so i ca n't watch the video for nearly a week . 
  why 'd you have to choose now to be productive , grey ? 
  nah but seriously , from the title it sounds like it 'll be a classic . 
  like the videos that got so many of us to start following you in the first place . 
  i do look forward to watching it . 
  no , who 's on first . 
  what 's on second . 
  oh cool , thanks . 
  yeah , i did n't think the original would work . 
  it did n't work for me here when i tried it . 
  liszt has transcriptions of all the beethoven symphonies . 
  they 're notoriously difficult to play , but are absolutely superb transcriptions when played well . 
  would beethoven have transcribed them differently ? 
  without a doubt . 
  no two transcribers would ever do things identically . 
  would his transcriptions have been better , worse , or equal quality ? 
  eh ... hard to say . 
  debating hypotheticals in this way is kinda meaningless . 
  all that really matters is that we * do * have the liszt transcriptions , and that they are absolutely excellent . 
   except you ca n't easily test if they 're friendly by whether or not they burn, 
  oh god this is the fucking * worst * thing about tf2 . 
  damn spy is way underpowered when the pyro can just go around burning all of * his own team mates * without consequence . 
  there should be more strategy in whether or not you want to burn someone to see if they 're a spy or not , with the risk of actually hurting your own team by doing it . 
  they meant to say `` from one long rest per 24 hours '' . 
  [ this comment explains it better . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/30bg0z/elves_and_short_rests/cpqv7u8 ), 
  jokes on you . 
  the nsa has had technology to see through duct tape for nearly a decade now . 
  you need to use alfoil . 
  dammit , i did n't realise the vote was coming so soon . 
  i was gon na write to my local member ( labor ) and my state 's senators tomorrow ... 
  we really should have organised some sort of big campaign against this . 
  ah well , too late for that now , i guess ... 
  i do n't suppose there are any grounds for a high court challenge , eh ? 
  wait what happened to them ? 
  has the group split up ? 
  i never heard about any coordinated campaigns against this and it 's certainly an issue i care about . 
  if there were campaigns , this subreddit certainly did not make a big enough deal about it that most people would have heard about them . 
  oh , that 's hardly even worthy of drama . 
  is the one leaving at least one of the fan favourites ? 
  ( or is it their ringo ? ), 
  with enough of a campaign , who knows , maybe we could have changed labor 's vote . 
  maybe not likely , but would have been better than the near nothing that was done . 
  i thought the commentators had it right . 
  there was no way he could have expected the throw would come so quickly . 
   some stupid almost-sport, 
  i turned off as soon as they turned away from the cricket , what was the almost-sport they were talking with about ? 
  yeah honestly , outside of the world cup , i kinda do n't see the point of odis any more .
