  that rhetorical question you posed about having a duplicate ? 
  i did n't answer it because it was pretty clearly rhetorical -- i.e. 
  not needing an answer . 
  but if you really want an answer , the simple response is that it 's * not * duplicating anything . 
  the name of a subreddit should give you a very clear understanding of what the content of that sub will be . 
  calling something `` true australia '' and then banning one of the largest and most obvious topics of conversation * entirely * does not give a clear indication of what is going on . 
  it is , quite simply , a bad name . 
  you can defend it all you like and say that i 'm just whinging , but that does n't change the facts . 
  as for the subjectiveness about what is or is not low quality content , all the * actual * `` true '' subreddits seem to manage just fine . 
  there 's no reason this could n't , too . 
   stick to one of them and do n't mix them up, 
  but what if you use australian english , which is * mostly * the same as british english but has a few bits of american english and its own unique flavour in there , too . 
  that 's actually an incorrect use of the word `` practise '' . 
  in america the word practice is used for both verb and noun , but in most other english dialects the word `` practice '' is used as a noun , and `` practise '' is the verb . 
   dodging it by calling it rhetorical, 
  reread your previous comment , and tell me that it did n't come across as a rhetorical question . 
  but anyway , i did answer it . 
  it * is n't * a duplicate of anything . 
  one is for australian stuff without politics -- but is clearly marked as such . 
  the other is like / r/australia , but focuses on higher-quality content . 
  there 's no duplication involved . 
  it 's not my opinion that the subreddit name does n't match up with the purpose of it . 
  if you disagree with that , please explain on what grounds that is , because i 'm trying to figure it out but i just ca n't see how `` true australia '' is a logical name for a subreddit that is actually about `` australian stuff but not politics '' . 
  dvorak 's also a really tough one because john dvorak ( the tech reporter ) and the dvorak simplified keyboard are both pronounced the way an english speaker would expect , while antonin dvorak , of course , is not . 
  from the looks of things , it 's up to the educational institution to authorise the application form . 
  i would * imagine * that they 'll authorise anyone who would meet their current criteria for `` full time '' , and that the 12 hour thing is just a guideline . 
  that said , considering how dumb the change is to begin with , i would n't be too surprised if i was wrong about that . 
  from the looks of things , it 's up to the educational institution to authorise the application form . 
  i would * imagine * that they 'll authorise anyone who would meet their current criteria for `` full time '' , and that the 12 hour thing is just a guideline . 
  that said , considering how dumb the change is to begin with , i would n't be too surprised if i was wrong about that . 
  i 'm hoping that the system allows for an automated authorisation of some sort , but that 's probably hoping for too much . 
  you 're misunderstanding . 
  we all agree that labor 's nbn is * by far * the better option . 
  it 's just that we do n't necessarily all agree that the * worst * thing abbott 's government has done is fuck the nbn up . 
  as a brisbanite , i hate my state when it comes to politics . 
  still gon na back it in the state of origin , though !, 
  other good points include the weather and lack of wibbly wobbly timey wimey magic making extra daylight hours . 
  film was an extremely new medium in 1913 , it 's much harder to name anyone because there are n't as many notable films . 
  however , let 's move a little forward in time to the '30s and '40s . 
  i could name humphrey boggart , judie garland , and john wayne , just off the top of the head . 
  and to go back into the '20s , charlie chaplin . 
  in 100 years from now , with film being such a widely spread medium , i would imagine there will be far more actors who are remembered . 
  personally , i do n't really think walken will necessarily be among those , but that 's beside the point . 
  i 've got ta be honest , i did n't find most of that even mildly funny . 
  i laughed briefly once or twice , but most of it was just awful . 
  like you , i 'm missing the context of who that guy is , but i skimmed his wikipedia page and it did n't help in the least . 
  i absolutely love whose line , but this particular sketch was just awful , in my opinion . 
   it was just because the media was telling everyone labor had fucked up so bad, 
  ftfy, 
  hey man , queensland might be cringeworthingly conservative , but do not blame the abbott government on us . 
  queensland did not see even a single seat swing in favour of the liberals this election , although that will probably change when griffith goes back to the polls later this month . 
  yeah that 's definitely true . 
  i 'm currently studying at the university of queensland , but i 'm not studying anything related to biology , i got all of that from wikipedia . 
  why do you ask ? 
  if you use ios or android , consider getting pocket weather . 
  it 's a weather app by the folks at shifty jelly , a group of australian developers . 
  pocket weather uses bom data . 
  i do n't use the app myself -- i do n't really care about weather enough to bother -- but i use one of shifty jelly 's other apps and it 's fantastic . 
  the fuck . 
  it 's wtf without the w. 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i would love something to fix the ai . 
  is there somewhere with a simple list of fixes that this makes ? 
  i bought the civ v gold edition upgrade ( gets you everything in the gold edition if you already have the base game ) for like us$ 5 when it was on sale some time last year . 
  that was the australian price , too . 
  oh thanks !, 
  i actually did n't know that . 
  but i was n't actually asking , i was quoting a comment i found really funny from the thread . 
  boot camp is apple 's included application that just helps you set up and use a dual boot with windows . 
  that way you can run windows applications natively , rather than with the massive performance hit that you get if you did it in a virtual machine . 
  yeah i know what you mean . 
  it 'd be really handy if google used bom data , since searching `` weather '' is so easy and convenient . 
  actually klingon would probably be a pretty good pick . 
  assuming the grammar is n't identical to english but just with funny sounding words , even a fictional language like klingon or quenya would have the benefits any real foreign language would give you with respect to understanding your own language better . 
  it 's obviously not as useful as learning a real language , with which you can actually talk to people , watch movies , and understand the culture of the people , but it 's still far more beneficial than nothing , and more like learning a `` foreign language '' than programming is . 
   now , imagine a reverse scenario : a game with a good story but awful gameplay . 
  i ca n't site a specific example off the top of my head but i know for a fact that i 've played them . 
  or to be more specific , i 've play part of the game . 
  when the gameplay is screwed up , there 's no reason to stick around for the story . 
  in fact , there 's a huge disincentive to attempting to play through the mess of a game to suss out the story . 
  this is what did it for me . 
  my best example of a game like this is half life . 
  a few months ago i picked it up for the first time , and i tried playing through it because of how massively popular it seems on reddit . 
  but the gameplay mechanics are just so damn awful i had to give up . 
  i came back to it last week hoping i 'd be able to put up with the mechanics to get through the story , but i just could n't , and i quickly gave up . 
  i do have to say , though , i was n't actually all that interested in the * story * of half life , either . 
  i do believe that if the story were absolutely spectacular , i would be much more interested in keeping going through the bad mechanics . 
  think of games like heavy rain and beyond : two souls -- neither of which i have played , but both of which i really want to play -- they 've been heavily criticised for bad or boring gameplay , but their stories are supposed to be very strong . 
  so i only really agree that `` gameplay is way more important than story '' in the instance that story is mediocre . 
  decent gameplay can make up for a mediocre story , but the reverse is not true . 
  * great * story , however , * can * make up for mediocre gameplay . 
  [ direct link to the image comparing policies on technology issues ] ( https://www.efa.org.au/main/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/efa-2014-griffith-scorecard.png ) . 
   only if you can convince a majority of australian voting residents to vote for a party other than the one he is a member of . 
  that wo n't do it . 
  the person you replied to asked for `` earlier than the next election '' . 
  the only way to get rid of him would be to force the gg 's hand ( which is , of course , * extremely * unlikely ) or get the party to drop him . 
  [ direct link to the image comparing policies on technology issues ] ( https://www.efa.org.au/main/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/efa-2014-griffith-scorecard.png ) . 
  oh man , someone else who played dark cloud !, 
  it 's such an awesome game it kinda disappoints me more people do n't know it . 
  i still never managed to beat the dark genie ...
