  young earth creationists and the like . 
  my understanding is that ` protestants ' is ( to grossly simplify it ) any christian that is n't ` orthodox ' or catholic . 
  i tried reading through that article , but it did n't really make any clear and easily understandable claims in either direction that i could find . 
  that said , i find it very difficult to believe that the church believes that you are * literally * eating the body of christ . 
   judaism , protestantism and islam can have different interpretations depending who you talk to as they are not hierarchical organisations, 
  i think this may explain the reason for my view . 
  as times change catholicism can explicitly update its views because there 's someone who gets to decide to do that . 
  with other religions that ca n't happen , so the more literal and/or extreme traditional interpretations are still kind of the ` official ' interpretations . 
  so yeah , i think you may be right about that . 
  for further context , the view is one i 've held for a while now , but it really came to the forefront of my mind about 18 months ago when i was in south america , and i learned about how they could convert the locals more easily by allowing them to incorporate previous beliefs into catholicism . 
  that is what originally gave me the idea that ` pragmatic ' is a good word for the church , and it 's something that protestantism and other religions never really did . 
  this case is , of course , entirely unrelated to that scenario , but the comment i was replying to seemed like an example of pragmatism , so it made me think of that . 
  yeah , this is pretty much my reaction every time i come across anarcho-capitalists , which is surprisingly often on this subreddit . 
  just role my eyes and move on . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/games/comments/1p272v/we_are_the_independent_publisher_developer/ccy17c5?context=6 ) from the ama that / u/poptart2nd mentioned . 
  well if i was with prokofiev in russia , i 'd probably report him to the police . 
  there are at least two of them . 
  people still use this one because it 's bigger , and enough of the people on here still like that stuff that it reaches the top . 
  while i agree , a scary number ( though certainly not all ) of the ` opposing opinions ' on here do n't make any attempt to be reasonable about their opinions , which leads to downvotes , which leads to less people willing to express those same opinions . 
  that 's kinda my point . 
  i really doubt the church actually claims you 're eating christ , but instead it 's a symbolic thing . 
  what sort of pens are you guys using ? 
  i 've never had any problems with smudging that did n't occur as i write the line . 
  by the time i get all the way down the page it 's nowhere near able to smudge anymore . 
  i 've no idea how applicable it is to the states , never having been there . 
  i 'm going off largely things i 've read about their stance online , and a few debates from major figures ( in particular , i 've seen australia 's highest catholic priest on our debate show q&a a few times ) . 
   meal replacements products, 
  uhh . 
  maybe ? 
  probably not ? 
  what is that ? 
  if you 've got technical words that people are likely not to know , you need to explain them . 
  did a quick search , and i did n't see anything that looked trustworthy as being the actual game on the play store . 
  yeah , but where we do have 'em , you better believe they 're important !, 
  the entire new south wales/victoria border is a river , and the end of the queensland/nsw one is too . 
  china does n't use the word state , but they have provinces , not to mention other things like autonomous regions ( like tibet ) and special administrative regions ( like hong kong ) . 
  then there 's the fact that they still think they own taiwan , but let 's not get into that . 
  got ta be honest , as another australian , there are n't many states i could accurately label with confidence . 
  washington , texas , florida , california , that 's it . 
  then i 'd just know the general location of a bunch of others , and some i just have fuck-all idea about . 
  most people do n't know ned fucking kelly ? 
  but in seriousness , i feel most australians with at least a small interest in knowledge ( so , probably about 5 % of aussies ... ) would probably be able to locate california . 
  is it possible to be roundabouted to death ? 
  but mozart ... 
  utilising the internet , in english ( birthplace : england ) , using the world wide web ( creator : english ), 
  i did n't really have a point to this post , just pointing out random facts really . 
  they are flat , they 're just the different type of flat cable which have a much `` less '' flat , for lack of a better way of describing it , than the ones i initially linked . 
  i 'd rather just get reddit gold , to be frank . 
  i 've never really looked too closely . 
  i try to avoid anything that reminds me too much of melbourne . 
  if you 're serious , in fucking * australia * . 
  the two borders separating the two pairs of states with the largest population are both [ partly defined by rivers ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/preview#!data=!1m4!1m3!1d14895901!2d144.9132957!3d-29.5879223 ) . 
  so yeah , it does n't make since that the guy in the drawings would n't know that . 
  nah , just because it 's top left , and also because that 's where microsoft has its headquarters . 
  same with california , that 's where other tech companies are , plus it 's bottom left ( plus hollywood ) . 
  the english language was born in england , and i was referring to berners-lee when i said `` world wide web ( creator : english ) '' . 
  he may have had partners in that , but he most often gets the credit as `` the inventor '' of the ~ ~ internet ~ ~ edit : web . 
  where did i ever say ( or imply ) the internet was born in england ? 
  if you 're from washington state , then just fucking say washington state , or put up with people asking the clarifying question without whinging . 
  do n't leave the ambiguity in there just for the sake of having some sort of moral high ground . 
  honestly , there 's too many reasons for me not to want to visit you guys * at all * right now . 
  what with the insane security issues and what not at borders . 
  there 's so many other awesome countries and places to go without putting up with that bullshit . 
  that said , if i did go , i would hope to go to a few places , but mainly new york city , niagra falls , grand canyon , and yellowstone . 
  i 'd figure the rest out when i actually was deciding to go . 
  of course it would depend on time ( if it were only 1 or 2 weeks , even the above list would need to be shortened ) . 
  nope , sorry . 
  i know it 's in the north east , but i do n't know exactly * how far * north east , or what shape it is . 
  heck , i do n't even know what there is to do or see in new york apart from nyc . 
  by the way , it 's utterly retarded that new york city is not the capital of new york state . 
  not only is it the largest by a mile , it has the * same fucking name * . 
  edit : so i just googled it , and i would have thought new york was a `` taller '' state . 
  and long island ( i 'm assuming that 's the name of that big island that sticks out towards the east ) , i did n't think would be * nearly * as big . 
  hawaii 's the one next to canad , right ? 
  ( / s , in case it 's necessary ), 
  nah , just a harmless joke . 
  they do have shit weather , though , and the city comes across to me as kinda pretentious , like an attempt to be a posh british area . 
  the city , not the people ( none of whom i really know ) . 
  edit : oh , and nowhere should have the sun setting at fucking 9 pm . 
  daylight saving is stupid and pointless . 
  fuckers that make jokes about the current political climate of a country ? 
  well i 'm sorry for having a sense of humour about something that you 'd rather not make jokes about , buddy . 
  in my opinion , it 's fuckers like * you * that ruin society . 
  i 've had it by accident in europe and south america so many times , and i just do n't understand it . 
  why would you drink that awful stuff ? 
  does n't have the refreshing taste of water , or the tasty taste of a soft drink or juice , or the buzz from an alcoholic drink . 
  so why does it even exist ? 
  i 've occasionally had bad service , but on the whole it 's always been very good at the ... ah fuck i ca n't be bothered to count ... over 20 countries i 've been to . 
  oh sorry , my previous comment meant to say he gets credit as the inventor of the * web * , which is what the comment previous to that said . 
  berners-lee gets credit as inventor of the * web * , although he was n't the only one involved in doing it . 
  that 's generally the experience i 've had , too . 
  even the worst experiences i 've had have been honest mistakes , so you have a laugh about it , and they go about fixing the problem , and all 's good . 
   especially as it does n't get stick like pop, 
  i 'm not familiar with either of these terms . 
  what does `` get stick '' mean in relation to a drink ? 
  and what is pop ? 
  ( sounds like an alcoholic drink , but i suspect that is n't what you mean . ), 
  it really would n't matter what the answer is to this question . 
  i do n't think there 's any other country on this planet with a tipping culture like the us 's . 
  i 've never been to america , and i do n't really plan on going any time soon .
