  but yeah , android versions are nicknamed with desserts . 
  the chosen letter indicates versioning , i.e. , it starting with a and has increased with each major version . 
  kit-kat is the current version , and an l version will be released later this year . 
  it still has version numbers . 
  kit-kat is android 4.4 , off the top of my head . 
  l will be 5.0 . 
  it 's not too different from what os x does . 
  each version has a nickname ( previously big cats , now places in california ) , but they also have version numbers you can use . 
  android has the added advantage of the lettering system indicating which one is more recent . 
  that is so damn cool . 
  in theatre/film they would obviously have to be . 
  heck , it 's even before the imac and ipod , so the i prefix would make no sense . 
  [ if you go to the actual page ] ( https://twitter.com/turnbullmalcolm ) , you can see that it 's a verified account . 
  definitely the real deal . 
  i have the same question , but replace it with `` instead of garmin connect '' . 
  for your question , / u/unclebones , as far as i can see ( i could be wrong ) runkeeper is an app for phones , and wo n't connect to a gps watch ( although they do seem to have optimised it for smart watches running android ) . 
  strava ( from what i can tell ) can somehow connect to gps watches . 
  it seems also to have placed a greater emphasis on the social aspect of sharing your runs . 
  just based on looking at their respective websites without being signed in to either . 
  how does that work ? 
  does it just use the nexus 5 's in-built nfc , or is it one of those sticker things ? 
  my main question is why ? 
  like , what advantage do you gain from having your runs on strava rather than garmin connect ? 
  ah fair enough . 
  so there is n't really any technical advantage ? 
  connect also has segments , pretty cool . 
  but anyway , i checked it out , strava definitely seems to have a more active community where i am , so i 'll probably check it out . 
  thanks for the info . 
  maybe we should call it the resistance system ? 
  spelling metre `` metre '' makes it easier to distinguish between the distance ( one metre ) and something that measures things ( a meter , for example a thermometer ) . 
  by the way , it 's not just the british and canadians . 
  it 's basically every english dialect ( for native english speakers ) apart from us english . 
  ah , that 's interesting . 
  i noticed they said they had a long waiting time to add a new segment , which seemed odd to me . 
  like it was a feature they had stopped supporting or something . 
  knowing it 's just a new feature is encouraging . 
  how tall are you ? 
  how much do you weigh ? 
  just curious , because my experience with brits has been that most will quote in inches ( or feet/inches ) and stones . 
  it 's always seemed weird to me that the uk did such a poor job when they switched to metric . 
  here in aus the change was near instantaneous , so i 'm told . 
  you 've had a whole half already !, 
  england actually exists in four spacial dimensions . 
  they have 3 dimensional floor space . 
  hmm fair enough . 
  do n't be silly . 
  fucking up recipes is only a hobby . 
  that 's only a theory at this point . 
  there have been a few lines that suggest this may me the case , but it 's far from certain . 
  i tell you what , [ going to italy ( specifically florence ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8wjgbma.jpg ) after having played through ac2 and broho was really weird . 
  it 's like ... [ i 've been here before . 
  ] ( http://blog.gaming.stackexchange.com/files/2011/06/acreed2_03.jpg ), 
  is the guy out the front there [ the guy that 's always at uq with the socialist bunch ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/4694496-3x2-940x627.jpg ) ? 
  one of my ict teachers in high school used to work in it , and he said at his job they had a desk with a picture of superman that they would go to and explain their problems . 
  same principle , but you get to talk to superman . 
  yeah , good scientific or graphical calculators are stupid expensive -- damn monopolies . 
  cheaper calculators that just do basic arithmetic are so cheap now , but they 're also no more useful than your phone for doing maths , so i can see why / u/dbizl would say that few people use them any more . 
  30 hours `` op better deliver '', 
  i am loath to ever say something in abbott 's defense , but if there 's really going to be a 7 % decrease , i 'd say that 's close enough . 
  abbott ca n't require that companies give a certain percentage saving , and claims about a specific amount of saving as a result of a certain policy are only ever going to be estimates . 
  7 % is kinda the bottom of the range that i 'd consider acceptable , but i think it is in there . 
  we 've got plenty of other areas that abbott 's government has much more clearly lied to the public , we do n't need to criticise in areas where they were actually pretty close . 
  as a colonial myself ( aussie ) , not every colonial pronounces lieutenant wrong . 
  the irish are n't brits . 
  britain is the name for the island that makes up most of england , scotland , and wales . 
  hence the uk being short for `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' . 
  but anyway , i 've always associated lieutenant with that pronunciation most with lower-class englishmen . 
  it comes from the french `` luef '' , which is the old word for `` lieu '' . 
  i do n't know about how you pronounce it , but aur is closer to how i pronounce it than ar . 
  restoront would also be close . 
  that 's my point . 
  i 'm going to have to agree with / u/hara-kiri . 
  yes , ireland is without a doubt a part of the british isles ( though i know many irishmen would take offense at that statement ) , but i do n't really think the term british can correctly apply to someone not from great britain . 
  en lieu means in place of . 
  lieu is just place . 
  tenant means much the same as the same word in english . 
  `` holding '' , as in `` holding a position '' . 
  thus a lieutenant is someone that holds a position en lieu of someone else ( i.e. , they hold a superior 's position in their absence ) . 
  the french also pronounce lieu like `` loo '' . 
  the pronunciation of lieutenant is just a hold-over from when it used to be leuf , for some reason . 
  edit : for / u/shizzler , since you deleted your reply , but i spent a while typing out a response before i noticed that :, 
    the french also pronounce lieu like `` loo '', 
   no we do n't . 
  you 'll have to excuse me , my french is n't * great * ( i certainly would n't consider myself fluent ) , but the main point here is that lieu is pronounced much more similarly to `` loo '' than to `` left '' , which is certainly true . 
  ( also , sorry for butchering the accents , i do n't have the right keyboard on this computer . ), 
  tenant means much the same as the same word in english . 
  `` holding '' , as in `` holding a position '' . 
  thus a lieutenant is someone that holds a position en lieu of someone else ( i.e. , they hold a superior 's position in their absence ) . 
  actually the french pronunciation of lieu is pretty much the same as the english . 
  a slight difference , but it definitely does n't have an f in there . 
  the f is only a hold-over from when it was spelt leuf . 
  oh man , i love 14 and 15 . 
  especially 14 , it 's really well designed for dual monitors . 
  makes me wish my dual monitors were matched . 
  got one 16 by 9 and one that 's 5 by 4 , so it 'd look really weird . 
  ebonheart pact 4 lyf . 
  no , australian , actually . 
  just took french in high school . 
  is `` ouais '' not the usual informal way of saying `` yeah '' ? 
  i , for one , would pronounce both lew and loo identically , which may be part of the reason for this miscommunication .
