   pvp all depends on how it 's done but most importantly , how mature the players are, 
  totally agree . 
  in my last campaign , one player started scheming against the rest of the group a few sessions in . 
  a few sessions later , i caught on , and secretly started planning against his ultimate betrayal with a few of the other members of the group . 
  the final session of the campaign was a massive pvp battle , with multiple betrayals and plans coming to fruition on both sides . 
  it was honestly some of the best gaming experiences i 've ever had . 
  everyone knew what was coming , and everyone enjoyed the whole process of scheming etc. 
  it was like playing out an episode of game of thrones . 
  it even set us up for the next campaign , where the initial betrayer 's player is the new dm , and his old character -- who escaped when the battle was clearly not going his way -- is now a major villain in the story . 
  the ... researched , hierarchy ? 
  wait it 's a word in english ? 
  that 's interesting . 
   sought out with care ; choice . 
  hence : of rare quality , elegance , or attractiveness ; peculiar and refined in kind, 
  my french is n't fantastic , but i know the word rechercher is french for to research or to seek out . 
  do you happen to know if it can be used in the above manner in french , too , or is that exclusively something that happened since english borrowed the word ? 
  which explains why water is so explosive . 
  it 's made of hydrogen ( highly combustible ) and oxygen ( required for combustion ) . 
  wait ... 
   and i do n't understand this thing with people saying that anyone who disagrees with them is `` high and mighty '' or a `` pseudo intellectual '' . 
  is n't everyone you disagree with like that ? 
  you sound like that to me . 
  i made a specific point of addressing this in my comment . 
  i do n't find everyone i disagree with is like this . 
  angry joe , for example , i have very rarely agreed with , and i find his ( on screen ) personality rather grating . 
  but his reviews come across to me as genuine and mostly reasonable , even if i do n't agree with him . 
   i do n't expect to agree with a reviewer on everything , but i do expect not to feel belittled if i do disagree . 
  hard to miss . 
  this semester that 's just finished , i did a course that was entirely focussed on unix . 
  programming assignments ( in ansi-c for the first assignment , and c99 for other assignments ) were submitted by committing to an svn repository , and had to be able to run on our uni 's unix server . 
  early in the course they taught how to ssh into the server and use vim to edit the code , which was the recommended process . 
  there was a bit on bash , and a bunch of stuff on abstractions like filesystems , sockets , and virtual memory , all focussed on how the stuff works in a unix environment . 
  what 's the situation in which this is happening ? 
  is the window being resized out of view , or is it just doing this all on its own ? 
  pretty sure you can also get one in your first semester . 
  i know they offered me one when i failed math1051 . 
  fonts look the same as the current ones to me , but i agree with you on the other points . 
  ah right . 
  it was last year . 
  if you 're on os x , i find that the built-in screenshot tool is great . 
  command-shift-4 will allow you to select an area to take a screenshot of , and will save that as an image on the desktop . 
  on windows , the built in tools are less convenient , and my favourite option is [ sharex ] ( http://getsharex.com/ ) , which is an amazing tool . 
  you can set it up to do a bunch of different things . 
  i have mine set up to take screenshots of a selected area with ctrl-shift-4 , and then upload that to imgur , and copy the url to my clipboard . 
  using one of those , you can take a bunch of screenshots and upload them to an album on imgur . 
  aside from having the advantage of being permanent -- in a way 4chan links often are not -- you can also choose not to screenshot the irrelevant stuff , like comments from people who are not actually telling the story . 
  statistically speaking , it 's often reasonable to accept a conclusion if we have a 95 % confidence that it is correct . 
  in some cases 90 % is enough , and in others even more , for example 98 % , might be required . 
  roughly 107 billion homo sapiens are estimated to have ever lived . 
  today , there are 7 billion . 
  that means that 93.5 % of all people who have ever lived , have died . 
  just based purely on the statistics , it depends on what confidence interval you want to choose , whether you can reject the hypothesis or not . 
  wait , how much of this is actually told in the movie ? 
  because my memory was that the movie seemed to be implying that in their universe , okinawa was an independent nation , separate from japan , which would imply that he was n't interned . 
  i 'd like to add something loosely related that i [ read in a recent reddit thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2o0sxu/what_movie_is_deeper_than_most_people_think_it_is/cmitd8j ) , posted by / u/bon-bon :, 
  george lucas is a terrible filmmaker -- the best cinematic elements of the original trilogy were the result of others ' involvement . 
  lucas , however , was responsible for the integration of campell 's `` hero 's journey , '' and his mastery of theme is also present in episodes i-iii . 
  the jedi order that existed at the republic 's fall practices the force in a manner at odds with how we understand the force in the original trilogy . 
  the standard view is that lucas ' love of merchandising and special effects brought this about , but it actually makes sense as an arc . 
  relying on midichlorian counts to determine one 's strength in the force feels wrong to us as an audience because it * is * wrong , a sign that the jedi have abandoned the spiritual roots of the force . 
  we see further evidence of this : obi wan 's austere monk 's robes have been transformed into some weird uniform that all jedi wear ; there 's a child soldier bootcamp where children are trained , machinelike , to become jedi in direct contradiction with how we see luke learn in esb . 
  basically , the jedi have become decadent and out of touch , just like the republic they protect . 
  a republic , i should mention , that both abides aristocracy and willingly gives way to fascists . 
  shit , both obi wan and qui-gon jin think that it 's more important to solve some trade dispute than to free child slaves . 
  palpatine does n't take over a just society through trickery , he just exploits the rot at the center of the system for his own benefit . 
  this works with the original trilogy to an extent . 
  in those , both obi wan and yoda , though wiser from their failure , are still supposed to be wrong . 
  they want luke to kill darth vader , and they hide the fact that he 's luke 's father in order to accomplish this . 
  but luke does the true jedi thing and redeems his father - even at the risk of death . 
  lucas , though he 's a pretty bad director in a lot of ways , is pretty good at mashing up a lot of different influences into a coherent story idea . 
  one important influence is kurosawa , who often portrayed the samurai in his films as dogmatic and inflexible , just like the jedi . 
  star wars goes deep . 
  i wish george had enough energy to get off his chair and direct on a set . 
   he made a movie about a suicidal man, 
  i never realised his character was meant to be suicidal in this movie . 
  that would certainly explain why neeson 's character in it is so fucking dumb . 
  oh , let 's not take supplies from these dead people that might be useful in our survival , because it 's disrespectful . 
  but we will make sure to take all of their wallets , so that we can give them back to their loved ones . 
  he may have intended some deeper meaning in this movie , but that does n't change the fact that it was just god fucking awful . 
   well built igloos can keep a temperature around 50 to 60 degrees with body heat alone, 
  that terrified me until i realised you probably meant degrees fahrenheit . 
  before this season had started airing that 's what i was expecting us to get . 
  kinda disappointed we did n't , to be completely honest . 
  hopefully since the queen has started playing a slightly bigger role this season , they 'll get there in some small way , at least . 
   lion king 2 = = romeo and juliet, 
  funny , i do n't recall them both dying at the end in lk2 . 
  i 've always said that james cameron 's avatar is n't a movie , it 's a special effects demonstration . 
  nobody thinks it 's deep at all . 
  and yet , somehow , it 's * still * not as deep as most people think . 
  that 's just how bad it was . 
  honestly , i agree . 
  i kinda see what they were * trying * to go for with it , but i thought it was a pretty terrible film . 
  hmm ... i may have to go back and rewatch it . 
  i honestly * hated * it , and from discussions i 've had , i 've begun to suspect that it 's really popular in america because it speaks to something that americans hold dear , but outside of america it does n't have nearly the same appeal . 
  but watching it as though it 's a satire of exactly those qualities . 
  well , that could be interesting . 
  watch [ this ] ( http://www.escapistmagazine.com/videos/view/the-big-picture/6247-you-are-wrong-about-sucker-punch-part-one ) and [ this ] ( http://www.escapistmagazine.com/videos/view/the-big-picture/6266-you-are-wrong-about-sucker-punch-part-two ) . 
  the movie , yeah . 
  the show , on the other hand , is fucking amazing . 
  wait , i 'm a little confused about how ranger 's apprentice came into this .
