  i agree , only think op did wrong was apologising for doing something wrong , when he had n't . 
  why ? 
  he 's not doing any damage to it . 
  ooh , good point . 
  you 've got me on a technicality there . 
  it 's still completely unfair to say it 's `` total bullshit '' , though . 
  i agree he has the * right * to ask someone not to lean on his car , and that if he does so , then the biker should oblige . 
  * however * i think it 's just being polite to allow him . 
  someone sleeping on your shoulder puts you at a physical discomfort : someone leaning on your car makes no real difference to you . 
  people in this world ( i find it to be particularly true , but not universally or exclusively true , for americans ) seem to have completely forgotten what it means to do something nice for the hell of it . 
  to me it 's just a common courtesy , like holding open a door for strangers ( something else too many people do n't seem to do ) . 
  it 's actually kinda sad to see china going backwards like this ... 
  i wan na throw out that famous aristotle quote about kids back in his day being rude , but since it turns out it 's not true , i 'll just agree with you . 
  i also do n't lean on people 's cars , but i do n't see why we should congratulate someone for beating another person up over such a small thing . 
  not to mention that for most people they 're probably two or three keystrokes away ( one or two for the first one or two letters , then press enter ) . 
  if you told her to go back , my guess is she 's no longer your follower , so they can die . 
  the dragon killed nazeem , so he felt to much empathy for the dragon to kill it . 
  that 's what i took out of it , anyway . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  to be fair , just about anyone that links to a youtube video now causes this . 
  even the intelligence of cgpgrey 's audience ( which grey thankfully at least asked to stop using the word army ) . 
  it 's definitely not a good example of reddit , but at least we 're not the only one . 
  the problem is it 's so easy for even well-meaning christians to pick and choose bible quotes to serve their own purpose . 
  i really respect the fact that you believe in a separation of church and state , and that you are willing to accept people even if they have , in your view , sinned . 
  urgh i know ... the character limit makes it way too hard to have intelligent discussion on youtube . 
  at least reddit is fairly self aware . 
  9gag honestly thinks all those memes are 9gag memes . 
  i think it 's dick ... 
  maybe penis would sound more appropriate ? 
  can someone explain to me what the point of a1 paper 2 is !, 
  seriously , what do we learn by having to memorise sets of poems or prose/plays . 
  what would they lose by letting us see them during the exam !, 
  i had never heard of mirror writing before this , but now that i have , what exactly is wrong with it ? 
  if its natural for the left handed person ( and was even the preferred choice for one of the greatest creatives of all time ) , why should it be discouraged ? 
  instead of retraining them to write in a less efficient and unnatural way , teach people to read mirror writing . 
  it 's not that hard , i was able to read the example at above half my usual reading pace , and with practise could certainly learn to get better . 
  siddicus makes some valid points ( such as those about main stream media . 
  it is a lot better in some places outside the usa , but it 's still important to get as wide a range of opinions as possible , and that means at least some from the internet ) , but you should n't listen to his anti un propaganda . 
  the united nations exist as a force to try and create a fair , humane , world for all . 
  as with any organisation ( or government , for that matter ) , it has its drawbacks , but on the whole it is a very beneficial force to modern politics . 
  i can only assume either docbrown has a mod to allow anyone to die , or that aela is in fact , not essential . 
  i do n't really know , though . 
  i have n't actually done the companions quest line . 
  ah ok , that makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  soil , no . 
  legally , the inside of an airport , once you 've gone through immigration , is international territory . 
  thanks for the info , although it would have been nice if you 'd simply been this reasonable to se7endays rather than verbally assaulting him . 
  it 's not his fault that the us does n't follow international standard practises . 
  a ) cats, 
  a ) male, 
  a ) is male ... 
  is the `` b ) '' correct , or the `` male '' ? 
  it 's a bizarre practice that americans often do . 
  you are actually behaving in the more commonly accepted way . 
  ( although , as a lefty , i personally hold my knife in my left and my fork in my right . ), 
  no , we do n't have a different definition of verbal assault , it 's called hyperbole . 
  the point is , you could have been nicer to him about it . 
  he simply made an assumption based on what the majority of other countries do . 
  there was no particular reason to expect that america would be any different . 
  additionally , even if it is sovereign land , it makes no sense to be giving someone all these scans when all they 're doing is stopping over . 
  sure , if it 's sovereign land they have the * right * to do it , but there 's no real point to it . 
  part of the reason so many people put ( much deserved ) hate on the tsa and the regulations that the tsa are forced to abide by . 
  i sincerely hope you 're not calling howard carter an obscure historical figure . 
  sure , what he discovered was , as far as egyptian history goes , largely unimportant , but it was incredibly famous !, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://famouspoetsandpoems.com/poets/pablo_neruda/poems/15730 ), 
  i was hyperbolising by calling it verbal assault . 
  why would the government not want that ? 
  how about the supposed freedoms that the us is supposed to have ? 
  doing things like this make it no better than totalitarian regimes like china , in my view ( again , i 'm hyperbolising ) . 
  i dunno , i 've never been a big fan of the sword 'n' shield type gameplay ( i prefer mages or assassins ) , plus i do n't really want to become a werewolf ... 
  although i think i probably will try it out when i do a more warrior-type character . 
  glad to hear it 's a good one , though !, 
  i 've absolutely loved the thief and mage questlines . 
  ( not to mention the db !! ), 
  i 'll probably be downvoted to hell for this , but a patriot is not something i think one should strive to be . 
  in fact , outwardly patriotic people ( no matter what their country of origin ) irritate me . 
  the way to tell whether `` i '' or `` me '' is correct is to remove the other person . 
  in this case it would be `` join me '' . 
  saying `` join i '' does n't makes sense . 
  i agree completely !, 
  it amazes me how they can do this in a supposedly free country . 
  hahaha to be fair , neither did i. i just did n't think the companions seemed that interesting , which is why i 'm glad to hear from someone that i was wrong . 
  ambidexterity is absolutely a real thing . 
  many many people who right with their left will bat ( cricket or baseball ) in the right-handed stance . 
  i do this , although ( somewhat bizarrely ) if i were to hold a baseball bat one-handed , i would use my left hand over my right shoulder , where most would use their right hand extended to the right . 
  you can expect that if your kid is a lefty that ( s ) he may have a similarly bizarre amalgamation of left-handed and right-handed uses . 
  i really do n't see how his comment points to that , nor how anyone could make that step based on the original ... 
  i really feel that this is the best reply in the thread so far . 
  links for the lazy :, 
  [ free exam papers ] ( http://freeexampapers.com/ ), 
  [ xtreme papers ] ( http://www.xtremepapers.com/papers/ib/ ) ( linked straight to the ib past papers section ), 
  and a bonus one , youtube channel that goes through past ib maths papers ( of all levels ) explaining what to do and why : [ mathmathsmathematics ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/mathmathsmathematics ), 
  why ? 
  the elder scrolls wikia is much nicer on the eye than the uesp wiki . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  the ending seemed really out of character , and kinda random , so someone who has n't read it would n't expect that . 
  but remember that that pc can also be used for a wide range of other tasks , including basic word processing and internet browsing ( let 's say , minus $ 400 , since that 's probably the minimum you 'd pay if you had an xbox + basic computer ) , but also other powerful things like video and audio editing . 
  for someone interested in doing those things , it 's actually cheaper to get a single pc rather than a pc and a dedicated consol . 
  ( and even if they are n't doing high-end media stuff , the difference becomes a lot less due to the fact that they 're likely going to need at least some form of low-end pc . ),
