  the restriction against that is just absurd . 
  what if you change that slightly to a good quality bicycle helmet rather than a $ 5 one , and a bike lane that has no significant separation from the main road , and frequently overlaps car parking zones , rather than a fully separated lane ? 
  because that seems a more likely set of circumstances . 
  in brisbane most of them seem to just be left in the basket and have n't been stolen . 
  i 've seen some put so the helmet strap loops around the locking mechanism in the parking station . 
  one could still steal that , but would have to cut the straps to do so . 
  they have n't actually been bought yet , have they ? 
  does n't it have to get regulatory approval first ? 
  voting above the line is just way too much fucking work . 
  i did it , and i would do it again , but you ca n't reasonably expect most people to . 
  the system desperately needs reform . 
  we need * optional * preferencing , maybe have a certain minimum number . 
  we also need above the line preferencing . 
  if i could just vote [ 1 ] tpp , [ 2 ] green , [ 3 ] labor , that would be so much nicer than numbering all 82 candidates who ran in my state last election . 
  hell , if they wanted , it would be easy to draft up a system where you can mix above the line and below the line votes . 
  wait , were you able to watch it on yahoo !, 
  from europe ? 
  damn thing 's blocked here in aus ... 
  that 's nice . 
  but it 's not the only example , and many others ca n't be solved by region checking . 
  for example , i personally have a strong preference towards wikipedia links regarding tv shows and movies . 
  other people prefer imdb . 
  google seems to have mostly figured that out , and i rarely find wikipedia linked below imdb . 
  for someone who prefers it the other way , google is more likely to show the link they prefer higher . 
  that 's the sort of algorithm that most people are going to prefer . 
  they do n't necessarily * know * they prefer it , but they notice the difference when they try something like ddg and realise the results are n't as good . 
  not forgetting . 
  labor eventually dropped it . 
  i do n't especially mind if they bring up bad ideas if they then drop them after realising that they 're terrible ideas . 
  nevertheless , i made a point of saying that in this particular case , labor deserves all the criticism they get . 
  it 's just that you ca n't say that they 're entirely as bad as the liberals , because in so many other areas they * are n't * . 
  yeah seriously . 
  fuck them . 
  i have no interest in supporting online media that * still * refuses to make itself available worldwide -- or at least to all the major countries that want to consume your content . 
  and annoyingly , i have n't been able to find the damn show on torrent sites . 
  it 's been out for like 8 hours now , what 's up with that ? 
  any luck finding one ? 
  i have n't been able to even though the damn thing came out 8 hours ago ... 
  using something like ! w has the same problem that my preferred method ( typing `` wp title '' into chrome 's omnibar , with `` wp '' set up as a keyword to go to en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%s ) has : if you did n't get the title exactly the same as the one the wikipedia article , it 'll take you to a search page or a disambiguation page . 
  since in some cases this can have problems and not make it easy to find what you 're looking for , i prefer to go through google -- their search is miles better than wikipedia 's , even just for wikipedia content . 
  probably could set something up so that it does a search with `` site : en.wikipedia.org '' prepended to the search query ( i assume ddg supports that ) which would probably work better . 
  but better than anything is not needing to do anything -- just having your search engine work out what you want and showing you that . 
  yeah seriously . 
  i have absolutely no interest in `` taking care of yahoo '' . 
  they 've done shit for me . 
  once it 's available , i 'm gon na be torrenting the damn thing . 
  only legal way to watch it here in aus is to pay for some streaming service that frankly i do n't really trust -- they wo n't tell us upfront what content they have , outside of a couple of headliners . 
  fwiw amazon 's service outside of north america and * maybe * western europe is absolute crap . 
  here in australia , we only got an official amazon website ( amazon.com.au ) last year , i think ( maybe late the year before ) , and the selection is just worthless . 
  i do n't know if they offer prime here , but if they do , you 'd be an idiot to get it . 
  korea is probably even worse . 
  yeah , not sure why anyone 's trying to guess it ( though admittedly most of the name guesses are jokes -- but some do seem to be serious ) . 
  it 's been known for a couple of weeks now that they 've had spartan in the works . 
  the only information in this new post is that it 's actually going to * completely * supplant ie . 
  as far as i 'm aware , they actually did want to call it the revolution . 
  it was only when xbox came out with the 360 that they decided they would have to call it something else . 
  another example would be project natal , which i still think is a cool name . 
  though kinect probably describes what the thing actually is a bit better . 
  windows 8.1 --  windows 6.3 . 
   edit : did n't think i needed to add the / s. 
  you did n't . 
  it 's mostly good now in terms of the technical stuff regarding rendering web pages etc. 
  it still does n't compete with chrome or firefox in other respects , though . 
  both of their extension libraries , the power of chrome 's omnibar ( ff still sucks in this respect ) , and the interface of both of them . 
  ie does n't have a good equivalent to the chrome web store or addons.mozilla.org . 
  and its interface is horrible . 
  address/search bar and tabs on the same level ? 
  it becomes unreadable with more than about 4 tabs on screen at once . 
   and does n't take up nearly as much memory as firefox does, 
  so , i 'm a die-hard chrome user , but you * really * need to reassess that claim . 
  it may have been true once , but it definitely is n't now . 
  i nearly switched back to firefox just because chrome 's memory usage was getting way out of hand . 
  only reason i did n't switch is that as a browser it 's just so damn awful to use once you 're used to chrome . 
  pages wo n't redirect how they 're supposed to , ctrl-tab does n't work properly on youtube ( and other pages like it ) . 
  but worst of all , their `` awesome '' bar is so unbelievably not awesome . 
  but they do ? 
  i 've got all those menus right there in the menu bar . 
  not that i ever use those menus anyway . 
  the hamburger menu works just fine , i honestly ca n't see why one would want a more traditional menu system out of it . 
  but anyway , not sure how that relates to the omnibar at all . 
  perhaps your problem is with chrome 's hamburger menu button ? 
  the omnibar is their name for the address bar that doubles as search , bookmark finder , etc. 
  firefox 's `` awesome '' bar is , by comparison , complete crap . 
  haha yeah , they definitely were well below that for me in the senate . 
  pretty sure i put them second , maybe third , in the hor , though . 
  not too many good options in there . 
  that would generally be the best way to go about it . 
  just make sure you have an equivalent number/type of tabs , as well as extensions . 
  i regularly have chrome running at  3 gb , while ff is comfortably under 2 . 
  unless you happen to be in favour of the coalition 's nbn plan , their plans to deregulate universities , and their complete apathy towards the environment , that 's a decision that just makes no sense . 
  there really is n't a single issue in which labor is * worse * than the coalition , and there are many in which they are better . 
  sure , regarding the data retention stuff and similar issues , they 're * just as bad * as each other , but the fact remains that in many other issues labor is still well ahead . 
  really i meant america and canada , but yeah , more or less . 
  yeah i assumed as much . 
  but think of this , imagine what it 's like in canada , and then realise that for most of the world , it 's far , far worse . 
  i 've often wondered why we do n't * already * have this with new zealand . 
  you ca n't outright deny a statement, 
  which is exactly what / u/trying2bawiseguy 's example would have him doing . 
  bush 's current statement is `` get rid of the federal minimum wage !, 
  '' , which has a sort of emphasis on `` removing minimum wage '' .
