  a pretty damn good archetype for fighters that fills a really interesting gap in the existing options , and mechanically does a fairly good job of filling it . 
  the design could use some improvement , a couple of the abilities are a little problematic , but it 's pretty solid overall . 
  probably worth noting that at least * some * ( definitely not all , and probably not most , but * some * ) of the time when crawford makes a mistake , it 's because he 's accidentally remembering some rules that were bounced around inside wizards of the coast , or were part of playtesting . 
  it must be a lot easier to make mistakes with the rules when you 've heard of so many that did n't end up being officially released to the public . 
   snacking is banned at my table !, 
  wtf is wrong with you !, 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` race '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  you 've written `` average score '' as 7.5 , but the flair says 7.3 . 
  my calculations say the average is 7.24 . 
  is there a particular reason they * would * have cast him ? 
  i 've never heard of him before ... 
  in addition to what / u/bradleysigma said , yet another way of thinking about it is to imagine 100 doors . 
  you choose one , and then the host , who knows where the car actually is , opens up 98 doors that all show goats . 
  there are two doors left unopened , the one you picked , and one other . 
  50/50 chance , right ? 
  but of course , no , that 's not right . 
  the door you picked will have a car only if you happened to guess it right at first , which was a 1/100 chance . 
  because the host knew which one had the car and chose not to open that one , there 's a 99 % chance that the * one * that 's left that you * did n't * pick has the car . 
   amazingly historical, 
  do you mean hysterical , or am i forgetting something earlier on that you 're referencing ? 
   the reboot everyone wants . 
  honestly , in retrospect , having seen the dccu , i think i would have preferred that they had gone ahead and built a universe around that green lantern film instead ... it was bad , but at least it felt like it had the right spirit . 
   want to watch the episode but do n't have a television provider that provides the channel ? 
  *** torrent it . 
  unfortunately this is not a good solution . 
  for some reason are does n't show up for almost a week after the episode originally airs , unlike other shows . 
  so this subreddit is the best place for people who have already found a place to watch it to share that with others . 
  it 's an invaluable resource that should n't be removed . 
   innit, 
  is that a scottish thing ? 
  when i see that , i think liverpuddlian . 
  [ trending subreddit of the day !, 
  ] ( / r/trendingsubreddits/comments / 5foi7i/trending _ subreddits_for_20161130 / ), 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
   they ... ca n't dish out what they deal, 
  but these are the same things . 
  do you mean `` they ca n't take what they dish out '' ? 
   6am to 12pm 365 days, 
  that 's ... incredibly unimpressive . 
  like , how many people can make it to the supermarket before lunch on a regular basis ? 
  urgh i wish this show would stop trying to involve technology . 
  every time they do it 's just awful . 
  stand out shit line this episode :, 
   geographical coordinates do n't have any negative numbers . 
   i mean they do , only when ... 
  only when they 're in the western or southern hemispheres , felicity . 
  nothing to get excited about . 
  your friends are in the atlantic ocean , half way between brazil and liberia . 
  why is that last one a generator and not a tuple ? 
  fuck you if you do this . 
  you make threads that people come to after the fact illegible . 
  rai is often hard to know for certain , so many cases will be where raw and rai * might * differ , rather than * do * differ . 
  for example , raw , * any * time you gain proficiency in a skill that you already have proficiency in , you are allowed to instead gain proficiency in * any * other skill . 
  rai , this * might * ( though personally i do n't agree , but i have seen some people argue it ) be intended to only apply when gaining proficiencies through your background , since the rule that describes that is in the background section . 
  if it was me , i 'd probably end up going further to the left , and aim for that gap in the row of chairs . 
  you need to edit it in photoshop . 
  there are brushes that can help you with that in our subreddit resources . 
   edit : why the downvotes ? 
  `` for the content that does not contribute to any discussion . '', 
  my ass you trolls . 
  oh , i dunno , maybe a comment that 's nothing more than snarky unfounded paranoia could be considered to `` not contribute to the discussion '' . 
  i basically never use audio without earphones , so it does n't really * matter * , but what really bothers me is the fact that it 's got two slots for audio at the bottom , but only one of them actually produces sound . 
  wtf is the other one for, 
  plus , covering that one with your finger blocks out sound more than covering the audio grill of most other devices i 've used does . 
   all it 's missing is the `` quick swipe left or right on period key to quickly get question mark or exclamation mark '' feature, 
  google 's keyboard still does n't have that ? 
  i was considering switching back until you mentioned that ... that 's a * massive * deal breaker ... 
   you 've got inexperienced drivers terrified to take their eyes off their speedo, 
  as an inexperienced driver myself ( still on ls ) , the advice i 've been given is that speed limits are just that , ** limits ** . 
  there 's nothing wrong with going a comfortable amount * under * that limit . 
  if it 's a 70 zone , hover around 67-ish , so that as your speed naturally drifts up and down , you still stay under 70 . 
  but based on what people on this subreddit have to say , that makes me and literally every driver i 've gotten advice from in real life an evil moron who should not be allowed on the roads . 
  no , but i 'm going to trust the advice of those that are teaching me a lot more than some anonymous morons online . 
  it was the ranger that has since come to be referred to as the ambuscade ranger . 
  that thing was * broken * in more ways than one , and it was widely criticised for it . 
  when they came out with their proper full ranger rebuild recently , it went back to the one strong , one weak save from the phb . 
  it 's unfortunate that things are like this . 
  the ranger , for example , makes a lot more sense in terms of flavour when it has dex and wis. 
  but this is bad for balance , and that needs to take precedent when building homebrew . 
  hopefully as the game develops , the three weaker saves will become stronger with wizards adding more things in that target intelligence , strength , and charisma saves . 
  but until they do , the `` one strong , one weak '' rule stands , and unless you 're willing to compensate for the extra strength by making the * entire rest of the class 's features * noticeably weaker than average , it 's a rule that needs to be followed . 
  yeah . 
  if it 's in feet i know `` oh , that 's roughly the length of a ruler '' , and if it 's pounds i know `` halving it is close enough '' . 
  but fahrenheit is some bizarre shit like minus 32 and divide by 7 , or something . 
  no way i can do that mentally . 
  i 've just got no real point of reference . 
  are the two competitors ? 
  i thought davinci was for colour grading , while fcp is an nle . 
  you can use both . 
  i know the macbreak team has videos teaching both on their youtube channel , while they do n't teach anything else that necessarily conflicts with them . 
  i 'm not a pro , but i do exclusively use fcp and honestly i think anyone not doing feature films or television is a absolutely * insane * if they do n't use fcp . 
  i had only moderate experience with more traditional nles prior to using fcp x , but the switch was super easy . 
  distinct channels just feel like such an antiquated and unnecessary paradigm compared to magnetic clips . 
  i 've used it for a number of amateur short films , including 48 hour film projects , which are on a * super * tight schedule and fcp makes working in those conditions so simple . 
  the editor itself is super intuitive , and features like auditions and compound clips only serve to further the gap between it and everything else . 
  i have n't used the latest version yet , but roles and subroles look like they could only further expand the clear lead fcp has over everything else , since they replace the one theoretical advantage other editors could be considered to have thanks to the channels paradigm .
