  perhaps labor a little moreso , but that 's because the liberals prefer to just say no to everything rather than have their own ideas . 
  also , i ca n't , off the top of my head , think of any crazy political gestures from either party in the last few months at the federal level . 
  i disagree with this proposed ban , but i * fully * support every other action that has been taken , including plain packaging , no branding or ads , and especially the taxation . 
  tax brings in more revenue for the government , and will help encourage some smokers to quit . 
  however , more importantly , it * discourages * many people from starting to smoke in thee first place . 
  that 's the one where the fourth movement has greensleeves woven into it , is it ? 
  if so , i love that !, 
  my school 's concert band performed the last movement , and it was really fun !, 
  you have n't dismissed the fact , you 've just completely chosen to ignore it . 
  that 's the problem , and why neither of us feel capable of having a proper , reasonable , conversation with you . 
   you think a guy is going to be supportive of women 's issues if you laugh at things he considers issues ? 
  no , all it does is cause conflict . 
  `` my issues are more important than your issues '' . 
  maybe so , but it does you no good to dismiss other 's issues because of that . 
  ooh , i like that . 
  well said . 
  still , despite people like this i 'm very concerned about women 's issues , i just find it difficult to discuss with people who ignore the other side . 
  i have to be honest , mine went really well . 
  i did it on music , my best subject ( the only one i got a 7 in ) , had a great supervisor , a topic i was interested in . 
  i got a lot of work done in good time , and did n't need to re-write much . 
  i thought it was going really well , i got predicted a high a. i ended up with a b , costing me the third bonus point . 
  another student , who also did music , but had a less well-organised ( to put it kindly ) supervisor , and was himself incredibly disorganised : missing meetings , forgetting deadlines , and in general not the best ee student , managed to also get a b , but with one point * higher * than i did . 
  my school is n't large enough to lodge a successful challenge , but i 've been told that if they were , they would . 
  tl ; dr , the marking for ees is fairly arbitrary , do n't bother putting too much effort in . 
  / bitterness, 
  good point . 
  ( and actually a good point to one of the points i made elsewhere in this thread somewhere , saying i could n't remember any ridiculous moves made in australian politics in the last few months . ), 
  although here i 'm talking about in general . 
  america seems to be * strongly * opposed to nearly any government intervention . 
  amazingly low minimum wages . 
  no federally-mandated paid parental leave . 
  the current massive debate over something as ( frankly ) simple as healthcare . 
  its just a part of their psyche , that they oppose government intervention . 
  you want proof ? 
  fine . 
   [ only about 10 percent to 15 percent of divorced or single fathers have sole custody of their children . 
  the remaining fathers have either joint custody or no custody of their children ] ( http://www.attorneys.com/child-custody/why-do-women-win-most-custody-battles/ ), 
   [ outcome of divorce is overly one-sided and is initiated by mothers in more than two-thirds of cases -- especially when children are involved . 
  he also states that divorce provides advantages for women such as automatic custody of the children and financial benefits in the form of child support payments ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fathers%27_rights_movement ), 
  then there 's this, 
   [ however , male victims of sexual abuse by females often face social , political , and legal double standards . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_by_gender ), 
  on the above page , also relevant are sources 23 and 24 ( the latter of which is another website ) , and the heading rape of males by males , which i have not quoted . 
  the other points i made , by their very nature , can not have citations , but you know as well as i that they are true . 
  you have simply chosen to dismiss them as petty and irrelevant . 
  yeah !, 
  go for it . 
  send me a link and i 'll be straight in there . 
  send us a link, 
  i 'm not korean , but galbi . 
  as an aussie , vegemite . 
  you wo n't like it ( probably ) , but you got ta try it . 
  nah , wait till you 've decided to throw it out , then do n't , and wait another two weeks . 
  wait so you 're saying we should torrent without seeding ? 
   i cracked my windows and it was the fall, 
  i had to reread this bit about 5 times before i got it . 
  i 'm used to expecting fahrenheit ( like later in the post ) because a post above used it , but i had no thought that `` fall '' was meant to mean autumn . 
  still , great that you got some money put of that bitch . 
  what 're the other three ? 
  i agree completely . 
  right now would possibly be the worst time for lnp to make it back in , as they would ruin the progress on the nbn and carbon taxation . 
  give labor at least one more term . 
  maybe someone needs to start / r/liberalaustralia ? 
  anyway , what was the top voted comment on this thread when you posted that ? 
  the current one is a really good one that directly answers the op 's question . 
  i took it to mean that, 
  no objects were placed there that were not actually there, 
  any changes in levels are adjusted cleanly over the entire picture , and not `` brushed '' in, 
  an example to point 2 is that the sky looks as though it may have been brushed with a black and white effect . 
  i definitely agree , this picture has had saturation boosted at the least . 
  however , i 'd love to hear from op if we 're wrong . 
  edit : sorry , i missed the comment where he said, 
   processing : s curve adjustment and saturation increase, 
  oops . 
   [ and that counts for the version of that particular song that has the most views ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbgkejnbhqm ), 
  ah , so these are just rules for contrapuntal music ? 
  thanks , was interesting . 
  yeah definitely , which is why i 'm glad he put that extra stipulation in there . 
  you 're correct , but that does n't help the op . 
  many christians who have decided to stop taking the bible literally have specific figurative/metaphoric interpretations of what is written in the bible . 
  the op wants to know what the interpretations of the story of adam and eve , particularly how they ate the fruit and were expelled from the garden . 
  yeah same . 
  i do n't even accept any claims ( from bethesda , media , or users ) that dawnguard is released yet . 
  i play on pc , but until it 's on all platforms that it 's going to be on , it has n't `` been released '' as far as i 'm concerned . 
  ( obviously , it * has * `` been released on the pc and xbox '' , but that extra stipulation needs to be there , no implying it ), 
  what 's the reason redguard and battlespire were n't given numbers in the main series of tes games ? 
  fair enough . 
  i have a text file describing how i suggest people go about switching to dvorak , in quite a lot of detail . 
  i 'd be happy to upload that somewhere and offer it for people to use . 
  the other thing i would suggest is [ this website ] ( http://www.theworldofstuff.com/dvorak/ ) , which i myself found helpful when making the switch . 
  edit : i took my guide and made a quick blog post of it , if you want to link to it as a guide for potential new dvorak typists , it 's [ here ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/08/29/dvorak/ ), 
  i know this is fake , but could you explain why someone * would * run android in a virtual machine on a desktop operating system ? 
  surely it must be a pain , without being able to properly use multi-touch gestures ? 
  yeah i agree . 
  i love reddit on many things , but god they can be apple haters sometimes ( read : are apple haters all the time ) . 
  that said , i thought the original picture was brilliant . 
  i had a bit of a chuckle at it . 
  my first time for that was neil armstrong 's death . 
  saw a picture posted by some page i had liked that posts funny pictures . 
  eh , the way i see it it should be quite simple .
