  and making one step backwards is a big difference from `` trying to backpedal '' . 
  hmm , yeah , i guess it is more than one step . 
  in my mind , i was picturing a distance about one step 's length . 
  did n't realise it 's over one and a half metres !, 
  maybe that 's why they renamed it a `` slide '' movement in 4e ? 
  even so , i 'm not really sure it makes a difference . 
  strategically backing off is a very common and basic tactic used in melee armed combat . 
  looking at sport fencing or hema matches is a better comparison than boxing or mma . 
   having aoos trigger on leaving a square locks people down and makes them afraid to move . 
  it makes combats very static and predictable . 
  sure , but my biggest problem is n't with moving around more freely , it 's with the * inability * to back off just a couple of steps strategically without provoking an opportunity attack . 
  i make the comparison to running around only as a means to provide contrast and demonstrate how ridiculous it is raw . 
  the house rule my group uses is very simple : you can expend * all * of your movement to move 5 feet without provoking opportunity attacks . 
  everything else we keep raw , including the smooth movement around an enemy . 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  though either way , in the context of programming , `` percent '' * definitely * is n't the first that comes to mind . 
  yeah , i 've never heard waka waka for angled brackets or `` splat '' for `` asterisk '' . 
  and i 'll be honest , the only time i 've heard an exclamation mark referred to as `` bang '' is in `` interrobang '' and in reference to duck duck go . 
  nah i can see where you 'd have gotten that from . 
  you 're not the only one that seems to have made that assumption , and my original comment was n't as clear as it probably should have been . 
  regarding immersion i think it 's just as unbelievable that you can do full circles without anything happening ( though i do rather like your ideas for combatting that through dm fiat ) . 
  regarding devaluing other options , it definitely does in theory , but at least at my table it does n't seem to have . 
  we had one player who * frequently * relied on shocking grasp to get out of danger , and rogues using disengage as a bonus action is similarly far more useful , since it can get you properly out of danger , rather than just allowing you to step back for a little breathing room to cast a spell or fire a bow . 
  that 's not humble bragging . 
  there 's nothing humble about it . 
  it 's just bragging . 
  holy shit they have spyro 3 ? 
  i was expecting 1 , but not ps2 games like gateway to glimmer or year of the dragon . 
  that 's amazing . 
  my best guess is because nintendo are kinda arseholes when it comes to their intellectual property . 
  because the bot is only useful if people who care about it can see the result . 
  in particular , if it gets downvoted below -5 , it will be auto-collapsed so that nobody will see it . 
  yes , chatheads are honestly one of my favourite things about the facebook messenger . 
  makes it * so * much easier to multitask , keeping a chat up while also browsing the web or reddit or whatever . 
  no offence , but you must not be much of a photographer . 
  i agree with you completely regarding everything else ( chatheads is my absolute favourite feature , and imo a messenger system * needs * to be cloud based to be useful ) , but the amount of jpeg artifacting that you get in any image on facebook is almost painful . 
  i tentatively agree regarding private messages , but regarding browsing habits , my opinion depends on how they do it . 
  if it 's a server-side thing where they `` track '' you by having a little facebook widget on the page that listens for which logged-in users visit which pages , i 'm perfectly okay with it . 
  if they do client-side things where they 're actually reading your browser 's history directly , that feels like a massive invasion of privacy to me . 
  the end result might be more or less the same , but imo the means make a huge difference . 
  a second lock for the front is what i use . 
  u-lock for the rear wheel to the bike and the bike stand or whatever , and then a chain lock that locks the front wheel to the bike frame . 
  the chain lock is a combination one , and the u-lock uses a key , so its a two-factor authentication of sorts . 
  it 's worth noting that tieflings are not `` born of '' humans and fiends in the sense that they have a human parent and a fiend parent . 
  that would be a cambion . 
  tieflings ' origins are a little more vague , but they come from some smaller amount of fiendish blood in their ancestry . 
  i imagine aasimar are the same in this regard . 
  a purely mathematical look at this class would imply it is well balanced . 
  probably around a 6.5 or 7 , depending on how you score different bits of it . 
  but i think this belies its true strength . 
  all of those resistances are just crazy . 
  fire is probably the fourth most popular damage type -- the * most * popular after the three basic types . 
  and adding in the others on top of that is insane . 
  combine that with the crazy level of flexibility it gets in terms of choosing its stats and this is not a sensibly balanced option . 
  as much as possible , you should aim to limit the choices to one or two . 
  we already have two very good options for flexible races in humans and half-elves, 
  i think this would benefit from some more attention to theme . 
  give these guys some definitive identity and flavour beyond * just * `` half tiefling half aasimar '' . 
  combine their individual traits with whatever comes naturally out of being the combination and tiefling and aasimar ( in the same way that half elves benefit in terms of diplomacy , being able to fit in to both human and elvish cultures ) . 
  take that combination in terms of flavour , and build something new from scratch , then compare that to make sure it has some passing similarity here and there to a basic tiefling-aasimar hybrid . 
  just an fyi , dvorak should n't be all caps . 
  it 's a person 's name , and so is capitalised like any normal proper noun . 
  qwerty is all caps because it is named after the literal letters that make it up . 
  i mostly use a password manager , but no , i definitely do not have this issue at all . 
  passwords that get used frequently build up muscle memory , and you 're relying way more on that than on normal typing . 
  and besides , being completely fluent in the dvorak layout i feel completely comfortable using it for anything . 
  i rarely make mistakes in normal typing , if i know what it is i want to type , and i make mistakes on a password even more rarely . 
  being a fluent touch-typist , combined with muscle memory , combined with the fact that i 'm ever so slightly more careful when writing passwords than in general typing pretty much eliminate mistakes for me . 
  with one backslash , it gets taken as escaping the underscore , so the underscore is displayed as normal . 
  with two backslashes , the first slash escapes the second , causing the slash to be displayed , but now the underscores are parsed as indicating italics . 
  with three , the first escapes the second , and the third escapes the underscore , displaying the whole thing correctly . 
  edit : corrected typos, 
  yeah this was definitely the biggest question at my table out of the ones answered today . 
  now the only lingering question is , what if on my turn i use * repelling blast * to knock an enemy into and through the * moonbeam * , and then on our wizard 's turn , he uses * thunderwave * to knock him back in again . 
  that 's two * turns * within a single * round * . 
  is that okay ? 
  but that 's a much more niche question . 
  i 'm so glad to have the more basic one answered definitively . 
  honestly i firmly disagree with this . 
  liszt 's transcriptions are absolutely fantastic . 
  i think it would be nigh impossible to create a better set of transcriptions for two hands piano . 
  but they still fall way behind the might of a full orchestra . 
  beethoven was a fantastic orchestrator , making excellent use of each of the instruments ' unique timbres , to say nothing of the sheer power you can get with horns , trumpets , and timpani to which no piano can even come close . 
  twelve seasons and a theme park !, 
  in that case i guess we are in agreement . 
  the difference between a turn and a round , while clear enough when one reads the rules , has been the subject of much confusion . 
  i do n't think it 's e outside of the realm of possibility that crawford accidentally used the wrong word , or was not considering the scenario i described . 
  while you 're right that , raw we do have an answer to my question , i 'm only like 70 % sure that it is also rai . 
  it would n't hurt to get a specific clarification on the matter . 
  are they ... safe to touch ? 
  the only species that i 've heard much about have been warnings to watch out for them in tidal pools etc. 
  because of how venomous they are . 
  so my natural reaction to seeing this is to go `` do n't touch that ! '', 
  he goes by / u/unidanx now , and still posts semi-regularly . 
  but on the topic , how does one distinguish between the australian raven and the australian crow ? 
  if i see a large black bird in the wild , which is it more likely to be ? 
  ( wikipedia 's habitat diagrams suggest [ both can be found ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ee/corvus_coronoides_map.svg ) [ here in brisbane ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/63/corvus_orru_map.jpg ) , so i ca n't use that as the way to tell . ), 
   rule of thumb is north of armidale is crows , south of armidale is ravens . 
  may i ask just how accurate that rule of thumb is ? 
  the wikipedia articles for both * corvus orru * \\* and * corvus coronoides * have habitat diagrams that seem to imply substantial overlap .
