  the day after daylight saving kicks into effect sees a significant increase in suicides . 
  it makes any and all interactions between different time zones ( either in other states/territories within australia , and even worse internationally because the day where dst starts/stops is n't consistant ) absolutely hell to organise , and there is no significant quantifiable advantage to it . 
  in the summer at more extreme latitudes the day is already really long : in melbourne it can easily be light at 8:00 ignoring dst . 
  when compared with less extreme latitudes where it goes down more consistently year-round at 6 -- 7 why does it then make sense to add an extra hour on top of an already late sunset ? 
   as someone that grew up in perth , i find it extremely difficult to adjust to the +1 hr difference, 
  did you know that there 's actually a significant increase in suicides the day after the time change ? 
   alternatively the government could create a dst provision , keep the time zone at gmt +10 but give employees the rights to start/finish an hour earlier ( not perfect but doable ) . 
  the best compromise i 've ever seen , although personally i am fully against any dst or anything resembling it . 
  the reason i personally disagree with this is that it would create confusion for customers of businesses : are they changing their hours or not ? 
  it would also probably have the same negative effect on people 's mental health that dst does , except for a lesser proportion of the population . 
  i really like how it would stagger traffic congestion , though . 
  it 's certainly an interesting prospect . 
  i 've not heard of any of those as being supposed advantages , though i have heard of the negative risks associated with dst ( spikes in suicide and difficulty in interstate and international dealings ) . 
  to me , those alone are reasons to get rid of it , although i 'm also opposed to it aside from that . 
  i 've thought of this a lot before , too . 
  i think it 's a brilliant idea . 
  there are very significant negatives , of course , that were pointed out to me when i mentioned it to someone in real life . 
  i do n't remember what they were , but i remember thinking they were significant , but that it did n't overshadow the advantages . 
  good point , but i 'd posit that if there is a spike in suicide on those holidays because they feel even more lonely and depressed knowing that everyone else is ( supposedly ) being happy with others . 
  the spike because of the switch to dst is more like a new low of depression knowing you have to deal with the time change and less sleep while you get used to it . 
  that 's the impression i got , too . 
  it 's the `` compared to extremely similar options '' that got it for me . 
  have n't got a statistic , but i 've got a couple of videos on my youtube that are blocked in germany , and only germany , because i used copyrighted music . 
  oh no worries , it can be hard to spot sarcasm on the internet , as i 'm sure you know . 
  i hate when contests are us only , but afaik it 's because of the laws on such contests in different countries being different . 
  lawyers would have to vet the laws of a country they are n't familiar with the make 100 % sure what they 're doing is ok . 
  i wish big companies like this would go through the process , but i kinda understand why they do it . 
  ads . 
  you previously could n't put ads on mobile youtube , so people wanted to block their video from being seen where they ca n't get ad revenue . 
  as far as gaming companies go , to me they 're one of the worst full stop . 
  the last time i bought a non-steam game ( and i 've only actually bought one steam game ) i wanted age of mythology with the expansion pack , because my disk had cracked , and i really enjoyed playing it multiplayer , so i did n't want to pirate this game . 
  i went to eb games in australia asking about it , but they said they did n't have it , but sent me to another eb games a few suburbs over . 
  after walking an hour or two to get there and buy it , i walked out of the store only to discover that this version , which was published by ubisoft , had in fine print on the back `` not for online play '' . 
  well why the fuck did i just shell out money to you , just so i could play the game online , for an * online * game that you have disabled online play for ? 
  ~ ~ if you play the last chord in it , and look up online chord diagrams to see what the chord is ( i 'm assuming here that you 're a guitarist , perhaps unfair but they tend to be the most common ones to not read notation ) , that chord is probably your key . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ alternatively ( if you 're not a guitarist ) , if you can produce a printout with notes that work , but you think the key is n't ( that 's the impression i got from the description you gave ) , just look at what notes are in the very last bar : if you ca n't read them , just look it up online . ~ ~ good luck . 
  edit : i read the comment saying you 've got the key right . 
  never mind . 
  still good luck . 
  love your answer , but with respect to your edit , did n't you know redditors hate macs ? 
  key word being little . 
  that 's a terrible defense . 
  if you truly believe the benefits of daylight saving outweigh the negatives , then argue that . 
  do n't argue that the very real negatives do n't matter . 
  people literally * die * because of this . 
  not only suicides , but heart attacks and accidents . 
  even for those not so obviously affected , people will have their circadian rhythms thrown off , usually resulting in less sleep . 
  this also ignores the inconveniences in dealing with different time zones , and the sheer absurdity of the whole thing . 
  those were definitely not shitty tips . 
  if you have any more questions about the keys or any other music theory i 'm happy to help . 
  it can be very difficult to get your head around , and most of the sites out there ( like wikipedia ) are far to confusing if you do n't already have a very strong understanding of theory . 
  fugues in bach 's time were a separate piece all by itself , afterwards fugue became mainly a composing * technique * , one that was incorporated into other works . 
  an example of this ( though you 've probably been given some already ) is the [ fourth movement of mozart 's symphony no . 
  41 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2wisrtbcba ) . 
  0:29 -- 0:44 is one short bit of fugal ideas . 
  the best bit , though , is 7:32 -- 7:58 . 
  [ wikipedia has a picture that really shows it very well ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/jupiter-fragment.png ) . 
  even if you ca n't read music , you can see the highlighted colours showing the different themes and how they are used with respect to each other ( i.e. , you can see the complexity of it ) . 
  if you 're interested , the instruments are , from top to bottom : flute , oboe , bassoon , bassoon ( not sure why this score put the two bassoons on separate lines , most mozart scores do n't ) , horn , trumpet , timpani , violin 1 , violin 2 , viola , cello , contrabass ( also known as double bass or just bass ) . 
  as for why exactly this happened , i ca n't say . 
  probably the same reason none of the music we 're discussing here is mainstream today . 
  music tastes change over time , and what 's fashionable one decade might not be the next . 
  they are . 
  you * are n't * , however , allowed a calculator . 
  this may have been why you 've been getting conflicted answers . 
  people may have been confused between the two . 
  haha no , that was n't meant to be sarcasm . 
  it can be very hard to spot on the internet . 
  personally i thought this one was easy to spot for me , but different people interpret things very differently based on their experiences , their own personality , et cetera . 
  any text-based media ( i.e. , media that is n't * spoken * ) can be hard to interpret sarcasm from . 
  for me it 's all of 17 -- 25 that are interesting . 
  includes the what is the name of the item , and then also the pronunciation of a certain letter , and the use of british vs. american spellings in various words . 
  side note , `` tire '' looks really strange to me ... ( not a canadian , i just clicked through the survey without answering any questions to see what they were . ), 
  in that case you should file a complaint saying the music was fair use . 
  if it 's part of a documentary that 's a valid claim . 
  i do n't know about fair use laws in germany , but i think youtube is more interested in us law anyway , even with respect to videos being blocked elsewhere . 
  could be wrong on that though . 
  is `` usa '' a channel ? 
  i thought he was comparing shows in the united states to shows elsewhere like in britain . 
  it seemed to work in that case . 
  ( obviously does n't work in * every * case , but will in some . ), 
  yes , you would think that . 
  unfortunately it does n't seem to be the case a lot of the time . 
  aussie , but i love that picture . 
  how sure are you canadians say zed ? 
  maybe this survey will show that actually it 's a common misconception . 
  you want a really funny one ? 
  dingo-eating-babies ? 
  that 's an interesting thought . 
  another interesting fact , aussies do n't say shrimp , ever ^ ( ( except maybe making fun of yanks ) ^ ) , and even prawn on the barbie was n't all that popular until an ad in america starring paul hogan ( crocodile dundee ) . 
  i only say zee in certain situations , like dragonball-zee . 
  the website zdnet i pronounce zed net , and any reference to ez i just say ez . 
  i doubt that 's the norm amongst australians , though . 
  hmm ... maybe this particular instance was just bioware being douches then , assuming the contest was truly only us , and not also most of canada . 
  i do n't know if we have shrimps at all , but if we do the larger prawns are definitely way more common . 
  the ones cooked on the barbie are always prawns . 
  i ca n't say i 've ever seen a cocktail shrimp/prawn , but i have n't lived there since i was 10 . 
  and yeah , i 'd say that probably is a commonwealth thing , just like the ou usually is . 
  i found it interesting that you wrote realize with a z. 
  is that the norm in canada or does it vary ?
