  i just used the title from the article . 
  blame the courier for coming up with clickbait titles to try and draw more attention to their articles than is warranted . 
  i did search the sub . 
  did n't see that . 
  not sure why they posted a news link in a self post . 
  they deleted their account . 
   if you are a beginner driver creating a moving roadblock, 
  well then maybe nsw should not have fucking retarded laws for learners . 
  fuck that was so stressful when i was driving from brisbane to sydney getting my hours up . 
  especially on this one section where it was really hilly and there were heaps of heavily laden trucks . 
  i 'd pass them going up every hill 'cause they were at like 60 , then they 'd all have to come back past me again on the downhill because some moron decided i 'm not allowed faster than 90 in a three-lane-each-way 110 zone . 
  that plus the long stretches where it 's one lane each way , with a like 500 m long passing zone every 5 k or so , so traffic just builds up behind you , and if you get to the end of that 500 m zone and not everyone 's passed you yet , you have to worry whether the last guy in line is an arsehole who 's gon na try and gun it last minute or not . 
  there are a lot of bad things that can be said about queensland 's government . 
  but in terms of road rules , it 's decades ahead of nsw . 
  this is just one of the ways . 
  what counts as medication ? 
  if i take a strepsil can i not drive ? 
   what city do you live in ? 
  not a relevant question , because the claim was n't `` there is n't a post box near me '' , it 's `` i do n't have a fucking clue where one is '' , the implication being `` i never fucking use a system that 's been antiquated for personal use for over a decade now '' . 
   denying people 's rights for an additional year to be politically convenient is pretty pathetic . 
  what if denying those rights for an additional year leads to * better * rights at the end of that one year ? 
  my worry is that the survey will succeed . 
  the lnp will pass a bill enacting marriage equality . 
  but that bill will put in place loads of exceptions that allow florists , bakers , etc. 
  the right to refuse service to same sex couples . 
  that shit is n't acceptable on the basis of age , race , etc. 
  it should n't be for sexuality either . 
  if , instead , labor enacts marriage equality after the next election , we get a proper fair version of it which actually treats people as equal . 
  i got a scam call yesterday . 
  at least i think i did , because i was very surprised to see my phone screen light up with the number and then `` suspected scam caller '' below it . 
  never seen that happen before , but i did n't answer it . 
   fixed terms in the senate mean that this would n't have worked to restore supply, 
  the senate 's term was close to expiring at the time , anyway . 
   how long does the government have to furnish a resignation, 
  unclear . 
  it 's all about convention , so i 'm not sure a precise number of days exists . 
  presumably before any significant other legislation is attempted . 
  / u/jnd-au might be able to provide something more concrete . 
  he 's our local expert on parliamentary convention . 
  [ it actually ca n't . 
  siri is completely crap . 
  not some of the most widely known/used third party applications . 
  not even built-in mac applications . 
  edit : so , this screenshot is actually from november last year . 
  i 've been hanging on to the screenshot for that long for an opportunity to pull it out . 
  but i just tried it again . 
  turns out it works just fine now . 
  you have an ssh server set up on your windows machine ? 
  i 'm not running a beta . 
  this is just low quality released software . 
  this is n't saying it 's okay to go over the limit . 
  in fact , it 's saying exactly the opposite . 
  not from apple . 
  i do n't think there 's anyone on this subreddit that would be at all confused as to why it 's not as good as google 's . 
  this is completely google 's wheelhouse , and very much out of apple 's , and nobody would be surprised to hear that . 
  but there are some really basic tasks that it just beggar 's belief that they ca n't do . 
  and opening apps on your computer is one of them . 
  the voice to speech part is clearly working fine . 
  and if i were to type the name of these applications into apple 's own spotlight , it 'd open the app just fine . 
  so why , then , can apple not make this basic functionality work purely through siri ? 
  it 's like , they 've got all the steps necessary . 
  translate the voice to text correctly, 
  recognise `` open x '' as a request to open the application named x. 
  be able to translate `` x '' into a specific application installed on the computer . 
  but they ca n't get those elements to talk to each other . 
  it turns out that they actually * do * have it working at the moment . 
  my screenshot was from november last year . 
  but at some point between then and now , they added it in . 
  siri had been officially released on mac for two full months as of that screenshot , and in beta for a long time before that . 
  so whenever they did add this basic functionality , it was far , far later than could be considered acceptable , especially since my above comment was entirely correct at that point , regarding the three points which work independently but not together . 
  but at least it 's there now . 
  i do n't know if this is intended or not , but, 
   any newly released material and upcoming material should be marked as spoilers for one week, 
  sounds like future spoilers ( trailers , previews , etc. ), 
  could be free territory from one week after the * preview * material comes out , instead of one week from the episode that they constitute a spoiler of , which is how it should be . 
  welp . 
  that 's what i get for not reading the whole thing . 
  cheers . 
  * survey, 
  the difference is important here . 
  uhh , if that was actually supposed to summon mods , it wo n't work . 
  ca n't mention more than three users in a comment and still page them . 
  i do n't agree with you , but i totally understand what you mean . 
  i had exactly the same problem with dragon age . 
  not sure why me worked for me and da did n't . 
  hey sorry , but this has been removed . 
  this subreddit is for sharing stories from/about tabletop roleplaying games . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what this * is * , but it 's not that . 
  it 's really not unique to lawyers . 
  just a few days ago i made basically the same rant ( more focussed on the whitespace thing ) in a tech subreddit . 
  i think it was / r/programmerhumor , but it may have been / r/apple or / r/android . 
  for uq , both toowong and st lucia are great places to live and easy to get both to uni and in to the city . 
  indro is also nearby but i do n't know how well serviced it is . 
  across the river in west end or highgate hill are pretty good areas , and culturally some of the closest to inner melbourne ( which you may or may not think is a good thing ) . 
  easy to get to uq by foot , bike , or public transport , but you got ta go the long way around from there if you wan na drive . 
  easy access to the city from there too . 
  uhh ? 
  soft drinks and rockmelon here . 
  * technically * it 's mandatory to register . 
  they just do n't penalise people who did n't register when they were supposed to , in order to not discourage people from registering later .
