  the un says `` elementary '' education , so that 's the absolute minimum point it should be free up until . 
  ( afaik elementary usually refers to primary school , so that 's the assumption i 'm going under . ), 
  however , in developed , wealthy , nations like the us , realistically secondary education should also be provided for . 
  for me , at least , it 's not about the tax rate . 
  the tax rate itself is irrelevant . 
  what 's relevant is the quality of the things those taxes go towards . 
  education , healthcare , infrastructure , science , the environment , consumer protection ( and other necessary regulations ) , etc. 
  if the government can do a good job of these with low taxation , then that 's awesome . 
  i would prefer higher taxes and having these things well run , rather than poor public services and low taxes . 
  the other thing that matters to me is how the taxation is organised . 
  i 'm a huge supporter of taxation as a means of regulating things , because you get two things in one : government revenue , and you stop whatever it is that 's being taxed from happening as much ( smoking , polluting , whatever ) . 
  i do n't support outright banning these things , though ( that 's where the social libertarianism comes in ) . 
  i also believe that where possible , taxes should be progressive . 
  generous tax-free brackets on income , and then gradually up to very high rates for people with very large incomes , that sort of thing . 
  it just makes sense . 
  set your google drive and dropbox syncing folders to the same place , locally , to make it easier . 
  use some sort of automator to automatically have all files emailed to yourself , and ifttt to add all your dropbox automatically to evernote . 
  ( can ifttt automatically email your dropbox documents to you as a pdf , i dunno , but if it can that solves that , too . ), 
  there , it 's all automated and you only need to press save once . 
  works offline now , at least in chrome . 
  ( you may need to have the app installed , i 'm not sure . ), 
  thank you for using aka correctly . 
  i think i got an email from them a little while ago saying that 's coming . 
  because it allows for a specific focus on me and/or australian politics , when what i was interested in was a debate about the libertarian party in the us . 
  of course they do n't exist in a vacuum , and references should be made to the outside , but should not be specifically focused on any one country , in my opinion . 
  yeah , all creatives know this feeling , i think . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a big fan of a lot of what obama 's done . 
  it 's just that a big part ( not everything , but a big part ) of what he has n't done has been because congress would n't get it through . 
  when i say decent , i mean that his economic policies helped slow the financial crisis , and that overall he did a better job on social issues than his predecessor ( not that that 's a great benchmark ) . 
  because of the worldwide public nature of american politics , people outside of america see a lot more about american politics than most americans do of the politics of other countries . 
  the news will have ( and is having ) a lot of coverage of the american election , not to mention that anyone on the internet will see a heap of it ( i get a lot of us politics through reddit and from a few news-related youtube channels ) . 
  nevertheless , i do n't profess to be more educated on the matter than an intelligent american . 
  i would say i know more about it than a good number of americans ( maybe most that listen to rush limbaugh ) , but not an intelligent one like the vast majority on reddit ( including yourself ) . 
  as for asking me not to make assessments of your president ? 
  i 'm sorry , but why ? 
  i have the right to free speech , just as you do . 
  i have nothing wrong with anything you could say about the australian pm ( i 'm no big fan of her -- although labor will get my two-party preferred vote in the next election , i do n't think they 'll get my primary vote , especially if gillard is still heading the party ) , as long as you are civil about it . 
  and that brings me back to the main reason i made the statement i made about obama . 
  i said he was `` decent '' in response to the other guy calling him `` some idiot '' . 
  even with the absence of that context , i still maintain he did a decent job , but decent is not high praise by any means . 
  decent means he was n't completely hopeless , like bush was . 
  with that context , i think the statement is completely fair , almost no matter how bad one thinks he was . 
  not to mention his statement about hillary clinton was completely unrelated to any point he was really trying to make . 
  as an example , your response immediately after discovering for certain that i was not american was to mention the australian pm ( despite no one anywhere in this thread previously mentioning any countries ' leaders apart from the us ) , and to tell me not to make assessments of the us president . 
  that hardly seems conducive to a good debate , now does it ? 
  with the assumption that the rape charges against assange are legitimate , and not just an excuse to get him extradited , then he should be brought to trial for that . 
  i should note that i do n't believe that this is the case , but i 'm just speaking under that assumption . 
  no problem , glad to see a reply at all !, 
  it is the correct technique in typing . 
  just like there are right and wrong ways to blow into a trumpet ( even if another way produces a sound ) , some methods of typing are more correct than others . 
  if one chooses not to use this method , and still produces a result they 're happy with , then that 's just fine , and it certainly can be done . 
  oh ok , fair enough . 
  good reasoning skills , by the way . 
  may i ask what it was that lead to that conclusion ? 
  ( i had tried to mention europe and canada as much as possible , although i guess the more detailed comments about education probably gave it away . ), 
  oh , and you should post a picture of her to / r/australia , they 'll love it . 
  ( i think they 're a pretty active community . ), 
  it 's like free karma , or something . 
  yeah , i realised you did n't say anything about gillard . 
  i 'm just saying that if you want to , you should not for any reason feel discouraged from doing it ( again , as long as everyone stays civil , i believe we all benefit from the conversation ) . 
   you guys are probably getting pretty sick of all of it . 
  not at all . 
  i ca n't speak for others , but i love hearing about american politics . 
  i with i got more of the uk and eu politics , though . 
   did they report on the ndaa ? 
  or the drone strikes ? 
  or assassination of u.s. citizens suspected of terrorism without trial ? 
  i had never heard of the ndaa before this thread . 
  drone strikes i have heard a fair bit about , but not much , and that assassination thing , this is the first i 'm hearing of it . 
  i should note that i do n't live in australia , so i do n't get all the same news i would if i did . 
  my main television news sources are bbc and cnn 's asia versions , as well as a few australian news programmes , but no 24-hour channel of that . 
  about the lack of action by obama , my understanding is that there are certainly some things were it 's his fault , but many of them come from congress . 
  most notably guantanamo bay . 
  a comment thread on a post that was near the top of the front page a few minutes ago was talking about this in detail , but i 'm on mobile right now and can link to it . 
  the replies to the comment which i will quote just below this are the ones i 'm talking about , and a google search should be able to get you there . 
   obama has done some good things , like trying to provide a better health care system and from what i 've seen has helped the economy rebound . 
   he also extended the patriot act without reforms ( which he promised to do ) , has extended the bush tax cuts ( which he said he 's repeal ) , said he 'd pull us out of afghanistan by june 2011 ( which military experts say will probably continue till 2014 ) , allows guantanamo to stay open ( which he pledged to close , and i wonder if anyone has seen the latest story of the man who was there for 11 years without any crime and recently died ) . 
  he has also expanded american military operations into pakistan ( drone strikes ) more-so than bush had . 
  he 's kept quiet about the protests that occurred in bahrain during the arab spring that were brutally suppressed because of the oil there and in saudi arabia . 
   i like obama because he is the lesser evil between him and romney . 
  and i 'll admit he 's trying to do good things for us , but he 's also done some pretty bad things in my opinion, 
  yes , regulatory taxes are regressive . 
  but they 're also , mostly , very different . 
  taxes on consumption are only on people who choose to use the product . 
  the main idea is n't to raise money , that 's an added bonus , it 's to prevent people from doing it quite so much . 
  to bring the marginal private benefit in line with the marginal social benefit . 
  taxes in production , like a carbon tax , i prefer a trading scheme type method . 
  however , in the case of a tax on production , i 'd say that it 's only going to work if the demand for the good is price elastic . 
  i hope i have n't messed up some of the economic terminology in this comment , it 's 6am and i 'm tired ( and now going to bed , so i sha n't be replying for a few hours . 
  this 's been a really great conversation so far , though . ), 
  i vehemently disagree with you , for the same reasons as others have laid out below . 
  however , i respect your right to have that opinion , just so long as you do n't agree with romney 's idea that the president should be required to have spent time running a business . 
  i already mentioned that ib is n't for everyone , but for those who are strongly academic-minded , it 's by far the best curriculum i 've seen . 
  certainly better than the british a-levels , the french bac , or the american system with aps and sats . 
  easier academic courses should be available for people who need the academic stuff , but not to the same level that ib provides , as well as options for more trades-based education . 
   why ca n't the state harm the environment ? 
  it can , no one 's saying it ca n't . 
  the thing is , no one else will or can protect it . 
  if there are no regulations on polluting companies , there 's no reason for them to stop polluting if it 's in their private interest . 
  there need to be taxes or some form of punishment for polluting , in order to decrease their marginal private benefit of production , and bring it equal to the marginal social benefit of what they are producing .
