  so , if it says `` you must be an nth-level character before you can gain levels in the x prestige class '' , does that mean that you have to have already reached level n , and can only take the prestige class on your ( n +1 ) th level , or can you take it when you first reach level n ? 
  most similar abilities are obviously the latter , but the way this one is worded feels somehow different , so i 'm not entirely sure . 
  wow , the living rune feature seems like an especially interesting one !, 
  the ability to change your stat allocation every time you have a long rest ? 
  very interesting . 
  of course , comes at the disadvantage of that being a rune mage seems to remove the ability to take a feat through that class . 
  yeah definitely . 
  the way it sounds like he did it sounds like the sort of `` rocks fall , everybody dies '' type of dm overreach that is * also * very much looked down upon . 
  it would be trademark , not copyright , in this case . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the relation between master runes and normal runes . 
  what exactly is a `` rune '' that * is n't * a master rune ? 
  and additionally , from the sounds of it , one could use the master rune 's `` simple properties '' without being a rune scribe . 
  am i reading that correctly ? 
   revivify is conjuration instead of necromancy, 
  [ this has been fixed ] ( http://media.wizards.com/2015/downloads/dnd/errata_ph.pdf ) . 
   mass cure wounds is conjuration while cure wounds is evocation, 
  since it was with advantage , he did n't get a 1 , he got a 2 . 
  besides , crit fails have n't been a part of official rules in a * very * long time , if it ever was at all ( i know next to nothing about anything pre-3 . x ) . 
   certain race/class/background combos are excluded, 
  not at all . 
  there are always feats you can get to gain proficiency if you want . 
  i agree with your conclusion , but not your reasoning . 
  i see nothing wrong with the prerequisites to gain access to these . 
  my problem is just with the idea of prestige classes in general . 
  it feels like a real step back towards the overly bloated previous editions . 
  they 're a variant rule that nearly every group with any amount of experience chooses to play with . 
  wizards would have been better off making them a standard rule that players can optionally leave out . 
  the only reason they did n't was that this makes the game more streamlined in its default mode , which is more enticing for new players . 
  and besides , we 're talking about an unearthed arcana here . 
  this is * way * more `` variant '' than feats are . 
  i doubt there are going to be any groups allowing this that * do n't * allow feats . 
   product not available in your country, 
  yeah , well fuck you and your outdated business model , too . 
   i do n't really care about the play test material or the arcana requirement , per se . 
  then why bring that bit up ? 
  i agree with you completely regarding it being counter to 5e 's general philosophy of removing bloat and streamlining the game , and i am also kinda disappointed that they 're going down this route . 
  it does feel very much like they 're going down the outdated 3.5 train of thought . 
  from me , it 's not that i do n't like homebrewed content , it 's that i do n't want it cluttering up * this * subreddit . 
  when i come here , it 's because i want to have discussions about rules , themes , things that we * want * out of the game , or different ideas for things that are possible . 
  as well as news and discussion of announcements from wizards . 
  i * do n't * want to see `` a monster a day '' and the other recurring homebrew things which already have a perfect place to live in / r/unearthedarcana . 
  until the last couple of months , that 's what was here . 
  now , the homebrew stuff frequently takes up most of the top posts , and even the link to the extra life charity campaign page barely got any attention at all . 
  homebrew stuff is great , especially monsters ( because more monsters does n't create bloat in the same way more character options like races and classes do ) . 
  it just does n't , in my mind , belong in the main d&d subreddit . 
   and tobacco companies would be excluded , to end the practice of using the panels to sue countries that pass antismoking laws . 
  this is good to see . 
  australia 's world-leading anti-smoking laws are completely safe . 
  it also sounds like the isdss have been toned down at least a little from what we initially feared , in response to public outcry . 
  i dunno just how much it 's been toned down , though . 
   brand-name pharmaceutical companies would have a period shorter than the current 12 years to keep secret their data on producing so-called biologics, 
  this is also good . 
  and apparently australian negotiators were at the forefront of getting that provision through . 
  it 'll mean that we can get generic medicines that are just as good as the name brand stuff much more readily than we currently can . 
  so it 's nice to know that there are at least * some * aspects of this that could benefit us , even if there 's a lot of bad in there , too . 
   also , note that it does n't say that it is limited to 20 , so you can potentially break the cap and end up with 22 in your primary ability score, 
  i * strongly * suspect this is only an oversight , and were i dming a game with someone who used this feature , i would certainly rule as such , at least until wizards clarifies things . 
  but definitely , the flexibility of it on its own is a really awesome feature to have . 
  the first p in tpp stands for `` pacific '' . 
  there 's a separate but similar trade agreement currently under negatiation for the atlantic , known as the ttip . 
  you do n't need to worry about the bbc . 
  the first p in tpp stands for `` pacific '' . 
  britain is n't involved . 
  but i get what you mean regarding the cbc . 
  we 've had the exact same problems in australia with the abc . 
  the government has repeatedly cut its budget so much , calling for `` efficiency dividends '' , despite it repeatedly being found to be an * extremely * efficient business . 
  yeah , the ttip is in negotiation currently between ( mostly ) the us and europe . 
  non-removeable batteries actually * add * function . 
  they mean that the battery can last quite a bit longer on a single charge , since the mechanism that allows the user to remove and swap out batteries takes up a fair bit of space that could otherwise be used for actual battery . 
  since the vast majority of people are n't going to carry a spare battery with them , this means a better experience for the majority . 
  and users that * do * need all that extra battery usage , for the most part , can just use these battery packs . 
  the only people disadvantaged are the slim band in the middle like yourself , who * do * need more than a full charge ( even a full larger charge ) but who do n't want to use the battery pack . 
  gandalf , saruman , radagast , and the two blue wizards . 
  as far as i 'm aware , the only reason they were called the blue wizards is because that 's the colour of the robes the wore . 
  saruman the white , gandalf the grey , radagast the brown , and the two blue wizards . 
  yeah , it was like paolini read the end of the lord of the rings , where many of the heroes have to leave for the undying lands , and he wanted to imitate that . 
  but he did n't have any of the build up or justification for it . 
  it was just totally shoehorned in there in a really bad way . 
  this is sorta my situation . 
  if i had my modem/router near the port where the connection comes in , it would be weak and unreliable across the house . 
  instead , i run a cable from my bedroom ( where the connection comes in ) out to the lounge room ( where the modem/router is ) , and then * another * one back into my bedroom ( to connect my desktop up ) . 
  so , thoughts ? 
  well , i 'd probably run that using the grappling rules . 
  so you would make a strength ( athletics ) check , contested by my choice of a strength ( athletics ) or dexterity ( acrobatics ) , with you rolling at disadvantage thanks to it being through the internet . 
  [ [ 2d20kl1 ] ] ( oh boy , i have no idea if this syntax is going to work ... ), 
  + / u/rollme, 
  well , looks like i successfully avoided you . 
  better luck next time . 
  no , fallacies are always bad arguments . 
  that 's literally the definition of fallacies . 
  however , there are two caveats worthy of mention . 
  the first is what 's known as the fallacy fallacy . 
  this is basically that `` just because someone made a fallacy , it does n't necessarily mean their conclusion is wrong '' . 
  however , even then , while they may have arrived at the right conclusion , the argument that they presented is still a bad one . 
  effectively , they 've arrived at the truth by coincidence . 
  the second is that many things which appear like a fallacy may not necessarily be . 
  for example , there is such a thing as a `` slippery slope '' argument that * is n't * a fallacy . 
  however , for it to be used in this way , the arguer must definitively prove that each step is an * inevitable * result of the one before ( as opposed to `` something that might happen after the first thing happens '' ) . 
  this very , very rarely actually happens . 
  if it helps , the er in taser stands for `` electric rifle '' .
