  [ relevant ] ( http://xkcd.com/541/ ) . 
  yeah , s01e06 to be precise . 
  i just watched that with my family ( introduced them to it !, 
  1 ) you 're probably right , but i was fangirling ( even though i 'm a dude ) too hard to care . 
  but i agree completely , film/tv/game soundtracks are one of my favourite genres , and i 've absolutely ** loved ** what they 've been doing with the music these past two episodes . 
  the way it changes to be more whimsical every time allen 's on screen is just awesome . 
  2 ) no real comment, 
  what 's that ? 
  but i have to disagree here . 
  i do n't want to see anyone come back to life without it being * really * carefully done . 
  that 's one of the biggest reasons ( though there are many others ) that i just ca n't read comics . 
  death does n't mean anything . 
   drive_c / program files /, 
  urgh great . 
  i was hoping it would be a proper mac version , but from the looks of this it 's just a wine port . 
  how does the game feel ? 
  does it feel like it 's running pretty smoothly , or do you get frequent lagging/crashing ? 
  ah right . 
  not american . 
  thanks . 
  people around here hate on apple and jobs , but the guy was an absolute genius . 
  not a technical genius -- he hired other people for that . 
  not even a design genius per se . 
  his genius was in having the vision that enabled the people with good design and technology skills to put their effort into making exactly the right product , and making it exactly right for the mass market . 
  no , he 's very much the director . 
  he 's the one that pulls all the other people together to create something great . 
  he gives the cinematographer and actors the direction that they should go in , and it 's up to them to figure out how to achieve that . 
  for what it 's worth , the tip would 've been the same anywhere in the anglosphere outside of north america . 
  i actually knew somebody like this . 
  name was christian , but he was muslim . 
  i dunno , at this point i think the game could go either way . 
  based on the performance in the last two games i 'd say we 'll probably win , but i would n't be putting big money on it . 
  one specific bit of politics that you might be interested in : the high court overturned the act 's marriage equality laws . 
  i just assumed it was relating to energy ( for heating the water ) and/or water consumption ( cold showers might force you to have shorter showers and waste less water ) . 
  what 's gotham as a kid ? 
  genuine question , i tried googling it but only came up with stories about batkid in san francisco . 
  oh interesting . 
  how long has it been around ? 
  my googling is n't showing anything up on wikipedia or imdb . 
  i know bigging up apple is n't popular around here , but i feel like they get this right . 
  by default the f keys perform apple 's functions ( which , fwiw , work much better than the keys on most windows laptops ) , but it 's really easy to change in the settings so that the f keys function as f keys , and you have to press the fn key to use their os x functions . 
  what browser are you using in os x ? 
  i use chrome , and this tip definitely does n't work for it . 
  what did it say ? 
  what did the deleted comment say ? 
  wow . 
  dude 's got problems . 
  asus is easily my favourite brand for windows laptops . 
  whoa ... 
  so , the pua strategies act as a sort of social placebo ? 
  why is your name tumblr bot ? 
  most americans i 've seen do n't pronounce the h in herb , which really irks me for no justifiable reason . 
  ( just for clarification , `` no justifiable reason '' refers to the fact that it irks me , not the fact that americans drop the h. ), 
  yeah , it 'd be a herb to me . 
  my mum is also adamant she can tell the difference . 
  so we did a double blind test . 
  she got 6 out of 6 correct . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  in australia one of our most successful and long-lived prime ministers tried something similar -- albeit less harsh . 
  he got so soundly defeated at the next election , he did n't even win back his own seat . 
  hahaha , actually no , she does n't drink much at all . 
  i agree , starling city just sounds so much better than star city . 
  not to mention :, 
  * york, 
  * bath, 
  * seoul ( only in english , not in its native korean ), 
  * rome, 
  * prague, 
  * nice, 
  yeah many of my friends have had bad experiences with alienware . 
  not to mention that pricewise they 're absolutely gouging you without even providing much in the way of useful features and build quality to make up for it . 
  i 'm guessing that since he said `` verify '' and there 's been no verification , that for whatever reason he did n't just . . 
   the `` fun '' place i went to was because someone had died xd, 
  i see you must be australian . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  a few weeks ago he put up a video and allowed both comments and ratings . 
  of course , as you would expect , the comments were all anti-liberal , and the rating was over 50 % red . 
  then , a little while later , he put up another video . 
  this time , he disallowed comments , but still allowed ratings . 
  that video is currently at 167 upvotes and 880 downvotes . 
  and now this one , where he 's blocked both . 
  not at all surprised , i must say . 
   the secret to the vegemite is to spread it really thin, 
  people keep saying this . 
  i get that it 's appropriate advice for a newcomer , but the way it 's presented keeps seeming like that 's the * right * way to do it . 
  fuck that shit . 
  i 'll heap on as much vegemite as i damn well please . 
  you 're right . 
  this is the best way to have it . 
  if you 're used to it . 
  if you 're not used to it , then spreading it on thick is not going to be a pleasant experience . 
  is it sad that i consider that second picture pretty thin ? 
  it looks to me like it 's thick in some places , but barely there at all in others . 
  i was lead to believe by the title that he is n't a marxist , but shares many beliefs similar to marxism . 
  in the past every time they 've switched , their previous url has always redirected me correctly . 
  but this time , i try going to http://thepiratebay.sx or http://thepiratebay.ac , and it does n't work ... 
  oddly , . sx and . ac are n't redirecting to . pe for me . 
  . org and . se both work , as does . com ( and i do n't even ever recall the site ever actually being a . com site ) , but sx and ac wo n't . 
  just went to their page , and the file is downloading for me now . 
  but holy shit , reading their instructions on how to install it for windows is just crazy .
