  alternatively , you could try out the dns benchmark utility by steve gibson , from [ grc ] ( https://www.grc.com/dns/benchmark.htm ) . 
  ( windows only , unfortunately , so if you do n't have bootcamp set up , or another computer with windows on it , you might want to get a mate over to try it out . ), 
  please keep us updated on this , i really want to see how it turns out . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i write my ticks the normal way , but if i did them backwards and someone called me out on it like this , i would become the most passive-aggressive bitch about it they 'd ever seen . 
  i push down with my left second finger ( index ) and then back up with my thumb . 
  it 's not that different to if i were writing normally and connecting an ` a ' up to an ` l' ( without the round part of the a or the actual downstroke on the l ) . 
  death and the maiden is my absolute favourite play of all time . 
  it 's named after the schubert quartet , which features fairly heavily in it . 
  it was actually when i was studying the play that i got introduced to the quartet through it . 
  would highly recommend both the music and the play if anyone gets the opportunity to see either performed . 
  i have to hand it to him , i actually think he handled this really , really well . 
  it was an enormously stupid decision on the part of the queensland lnp to host an international women 's day event at a men-only club . 
  but abbott 's response here was actually pretty good . 
  if he spoke this well all the time i actually think he would n't be such a massive embarrasment . 
  his policies would still be just as much shit as they currently are , but he would n't at least be * embarrasing * on the world stage . 
  when you think about it , jar jar is responsible for everything that goes wrong in all the star wars movies . 
  i 'm just speculating here , but are n't stock options generally given as a form of payment ? 
  like , instead of giving more cash , you might offer an employee a bonus or a raise ( at least partly ) in the form of options . 
  it may be a way of giving the employee what seems like a large pay increase , but could potentially end up being worth very little , and thus costing the company less . 
  as i said , i do n't really know how this works , i 'm just basing this off of movies/tv and comments i 've read in this thread . 
   if you have an american option , you can exercise at any time before the exercise date . 
  european options exercise at a specific date . 
  any idea which of these is used in australia ? 
  looks like you need to \\ \\ \\ ^ escape your control symbol . 
  reading the conversation between you two is weird . 
  it sounds like you 're having a serious argument , and yet actually looking at the words it seems you agree completely . 
  i do n't know if it still does , but google now used to respond to `` okay jarvis '' . 
   also how much distance is roy covering with each flip are they consistent or variable, 
  it says it in the question . 
  he does one flip per 3 feet . 
  [ amell is 185 cm . 
  about 6 ' 1 '' . 
  what it means is that for every three feet of forward motion , he does one flip . 
  whether that 's a flip with zero forward motion , then walking three feet , or a flip that brings him forward three feet , followed by another flip of the same , or somewhere between those two extremes , is n't important for the equation . 
  what it means is that for every three feet of forward motion , he does one flip . 
  whether that 's a flip with zero forward motion , then walking three feet , or a flip that brings him forward three feet , followed by another flip of the same , or somewhere between those two extremes , is n't important for the equation . 
  i get what you 're saying , but i would really like it if microsoft could get back into the game making business . 
  or at least sell off the rights to some of their best franchises to someone who can continue making them * right * . 
  the age of empires series is my all-time favourite rts series age of mythology in particular . 
  there 's just something about them that , for me , makes them so much better than star craft , total war , command & conquer and all the other popular rts series . 
  but they have n't made a new one since aoe iii , which will be a decade old later this year . 
  the aom relaunch on steam was nice , but the community is so small , it 's really a fraction of what it used to be . 
  i ca n't go online and just hop in to a cool escape map like i used to be able to . 
  and even standard 1v1s and 2v2s can take a while to find . 
  i 'd love a brand new title in this series . 
  if they sold or licensed the rights , i 'd be cautiously optimistic . 
  if the game ended up in the same spirit as the previous games , that would be amazing , but i 'd be afraid that it 'd end up like some of the more popular rtss of today , which would ruin the game for me . 
  microsoft flight simulator was also a great load of fun back in the day . 
  though it would be much easier to sell or license to a different company and have the product end up good . 
  note i 'm not saying i want them to try regarding gaming platforms . 
  sell games directly ( through brick-and-mortar stors ) or through existing platforms like steam or even origin , if they want , but do n't bother with your own weird thing , please . 
  age of empires was a series with 3 main games and one spin off , all of which were pretty damn unique in their own ways from each other , while also having something brilliant about them that , for me , set them apart from the competition . 
  the latest of these was released in 2005 with the last expansion in 2007 . 
  so pretty old , but not exactly the 90s . 
  oh , and one online rip-off that was crap . 
  i do n't know or care when it was released , but i 'd guess around 2010 . 
  flight simulator is more of a simple evolution of a single product , of course . 
  you 'll go over 20 mb with just a few dozen web pages with images on them . 
  regarding naked dsl , how can i find out if i 'm able to get it ? 
  the tpg site says you have to currently have a dial tone , but i 've just moved into an apartment that has no landline phones . 
  would you happen to know how i can test to find out if it 's possible ? 
  there 's ports but no actual phone . 
  i 've never dealt with any phone stuff before ( we had cable and later ftth where i was before , overseas ) , so i do n't know how it works . 
  would it be as simple as borrowing someone else 's home phone , plugging it in , and listening if there 's a dial tone ? 
  edit : and also regarding the ports i do n't know if there 's a possibility that some would work and others not , though i 'm not sure how consequential that would be either way . 
  yeah i do n't get the hype over the cream . 
  people talk about how awesome it is that they sell the ones with double the amount of cream . 
  i do n't get it , the biscuit itself is delicious , and the cream is less so . 
  i 'd buy more oreos if they had an option for half the amount of cream . 
  do n't know who you think you 're talking to , but aussies do n't say crisps . 
  we use chips for both what the brits call crisps and what americans call fries . 
  personally i 'd say bag , too . 
  a bag of chips . 
  but i do n't think i 'd consider it unusual if i heard someone say packet . 
  what you call a sleeve , i 'd call a packet . 
  you got source on that ? 
  i do n't remember reading it , but more importantly i wonder if the exact wording might imply it does n't count if the target is incapacitated . 
  while we 're on the topic , i figured i 'd point out that we say tomato sauce , rather than ketchup . 
  i personally would call one of those things a satchet , though i doubt many others would . 
  some people are opposed to its use as a gender neutral singular , and insist it should be used only for plurals . 
  that 's poppycock , i reckon , but it 's what some people think . 
  well duh . 
  you ca n't just sub in the word they for the word he . 
  you have to conjugate it , too . 
  `` they is '' will always be wrong . 
  but you * can * use `` they '' as a gender neutral singular pronoun . 
  a few stuffy old people might complain about it , but too bad for them , i say . 
  you just need to say `` they are '' , or otherwise conjugate it correctly for the situation at hand . 
  that 's also exactly what my school told us , too . 
  haha yeah . 
  i mean , there 's obviously a difference between the tomato sauce you might have with spaghetti and what you 'd out on a sausage , but we use the same name for both . 
  just gon na point out a few counterexamples . 
  notre damme university ( this is perhaps the worst example of utterly butchered french ) . 
  detroit . 
  illinois ( this example is n't really so bad ) . 
  notre damme is a couple of actual french words being used as a proper noun . 
  but that 's interesting regarding illinois . 
  i did n't know that . 
  you do n't have ketchup on your hot dogs ?
