  you can also probably buy a cheaper third party usb optical drive . 
  it 's not like you 're going to be using it regularly anyway . 
  personally , unless you 're a heavy media production guy ( video/photo editing , graphical design , 3d rendering etc. ), 
  i would n't recommend a mac desktop for anyone . 
  for most people a custom built pc is a much better choice . 
  but in a laptop apple has no equals . 
  the build quality , the trackpad , etc. 
  are well above what their competitors offer . 
  all that said , i did n't realise people were having issues with the game on mac . 
  i played it on my mbp and never had any issues with it whatsoever . 
  it 's a mac in the same way you might have been playing on a lenovo or an asus . 
  not their operating system , but their hardware . 
  ( and do n't go into the whole `` but apple does n't make their ram/graphics cards/processes rubbish . 
  we know that , but that 's not what we 're talking about , and you know that . ), 
   someone i know at zos who works on the mac version, 
  it 's you , is n't it ? 
  what does it mean exactly by `` campaigns '' ? 
  oh right . 
  interesting . 
  i thought they had something that would automatically put you into a channel with your friends or whatever . 
  i had figured it would be a seamless experience and the users do n't actually see which one they 're on . 
  i suppose you can still move between campaigns each time you log in ? 
  ( unlike some other mmos where you choose one when creating the character and are locked into that one . ), 
  fixed formatting :, 
   in skyrim :, 
  argonian female - 5 ' 9 '', 
  bosmer male - 5 ' 7 '', 
  bosmer female - 5 ' 8 '', 
  imperial ( both genders ) - 6 ' 0 '', 
  khajiit male - 5 ' 9 '', 
  khajiit female - 5 ' 4 '', 
  redguard male - 5 ' 9 `` 1/2, 
  redguard female - 5 ' 9 '', 
  ah right . 
  thanks !, 
   maybe one of the guys who go fetch you resources if you put skillpoints in it ,, 
  wait what 's this ? 
  what 's zerg and average ? 
  i feel like having $ 15 per month * and * charging over $ 100 for the imperial upgrade ( not to mention the * existence * of an upgrade edition ) is a bit rich . 
  they should really be keeping additional charges to a minimum if they want to get away with a pretty large subscription fee . 
  $ 30 for the base game , no imperial edition , include one month free . 
  $ 15 per month after that . 
  i feel that would be a much better system . 
  almost certainly a person . 
  [ the things people can do with their voice are really impressive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kku7cfjuykg&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ) . 
  it 's $ 120 from the official store in aus . 
  gmg has it at $ 80 us , the discount has ended . 
  the big difference with other games is that they do n't also charge you on a monthly basis . 
  if it costs an average of $ 15 or slightly less then that per player then having a large upfront cost and a subscription makes sense . 
  but i really doubt that is the case . 
  more likely cost per player is well under $ 10 per month . 
  i can see $ 40 , maybe even $ 50 for the upfront game . 
  but asking for twice that ( even in the us , it 's $ 80 for the full game w / imperial edition ) in addition to a high subscription cost ( $ 15 rather than , say , $ 5 ) is a bit rich . 
  not in australia , it 's not . 
  $ 120 for the digital imperial edition . 
  if you buy that from eso on their website , the vast majority of that money goes to `` the developers '' . 
  in quotes because obviously i 'm not directly paying the programmers ' and artists ' salaries , but the money goes to the company producing the game . 
  but anyway , this is an mmo with a subscription , which is very different from other games in that you can reasonably suspect a steady ongoing income . 
  you would expect to be in the black in your second month on a standard rpg , but for a game with a subscription you can aim longer term . 
  9 months sounds perfectly reasonable to me . 
  anyway , i already said in another comment that i can see as much as $ 50 , which , using your assumptions , would put them at $ 83 -- $ 100 million after the first month , and in the black after 6.5 months at the lower end , and 5.5 months at the higher end . 
  that definitely seems reasonable . 
  the $ 120 version is the imperial edition digital copy on the eso site in australia . 
  the same thing is $ 80 in the us , which is still more than i find reasonable . 
  the absolute worst thing , in my opinion , is the existence of the imperial edition . 
  it 's just an extra money grab after already charging full price for a game ( $ 60 in the us , $ 90 in aus ) * and * charging $ 15 every single month after the first . 
  why is that ? 
  i was just researching internet prices out of interest 's sake , and they appeared to have the cheapest unlimited connection at $ 40 per month . 
  is their service really bad or something ? 
  it 's probably the worst of the aoe series ( and thus should n't really be on the list ) , but taken on its own it really was a fantastic game . 
  my order goes aom , aoe2 , aoe , aoeiii . 
  honestly , just because of the age , i might even put aoeiii ahead of the original game . 
  aoeiii is probably the worst of the aoe series , but that series is easily one of the best series is rts gaming , and as such aoeiii is still a fantastic game . 
  it has full mac support including for the expansions ( aom is my favourite in the series , but the expansion does n't work on mac , and that 's kinda a bummer ) . 
  a brand new game ( currently in beta , i think , maybe alpha ) is the kickstarted [ planetary annihilation ] ( http://www.uberent.com/pa/ ) , which is made by many of the same people who were involved in total annihilation , and it aims to be a massive , galaxy-scale rts . 
  it raised over $ 2.2 million on kickstarter , and from what i 've seen of it , it looks incredible . 
  pre-ordering now will let you straight into the beta/alpha . 
  ah right . 
  i 've only played solo so far . 
  i 'm complaining because of functional advantages to it . 
  the race , the extra horse , and the ring of mara ( specifically the extra xp you can get because of it ) . 
  ( edit : of these , by far the least bad is the horse , because from what i 've heard it 's not a particularly good horse in-game . 
  it 's something that 'll give you a little leg up in the early game , but late game everyone will have a better horse anyway . 
  the ring and the race are things whose benefits last much longer . ), 
  vanity things like the the mudcrab pet and the scuttler pet , or 5 day early access are all totally fine with me . 
  the existence of this kind of thing is fine normally , but in a game whose primary interaction is online with other players . 
  it 's not * nearly * bad enough in this case to call it `` pay to win '' , but it 's along the same lines as that . 
  it 's very distinct from a collector 's edition , which might include things like maps , lorebooks , and physical models , all of which add cool extras without giving you a distinct advantage in game . 
   this body-style of macbook pros are notorious for getting very hot, 
  op was noting internal cpu temperatures . 
  the body gets hot because it 's aluminium , which , as a metal , conducts heat very well , and therefore although the outside feels hot , it theoretically actually conducts heat away from the cpu and keeps internal temperature lower than it otherwise would . 
  civ v is quite famously a cpu intensive game . 
  unlike most games , it is n't all that demanding on the gpu , though . 
  the game is essentially a massive , really complicated spreadsheet , performing some highly complicated calculations , but its graphics are obviously not all that demanding . 
  which subreddit was this on ? 
  i 'm not seeing it on my front page , or on a signed-out front page , or even on / r/all . 
  makes it hard to judge this specific instance . 
  but anyway , i kinda agree that the obsession is a little weird , but the fact that she 's famous really * does * make it different from if she were some random person . 
  famous people have already put themselves out there in a big way by being in films watched by millions of people ( or something similar , depending on the person 's avenue to fame ) . 
  she 's already made the decision to pose for revealing photos with well-known photography/model studios , with the expectation that they will be widely shared .
