  ( i do wish their website had more information . 
  it 's basically useless for anything other than actually downloading it , or contacting the developers/bug reports . ), 
  simple , i think . 
  you use a remote flash , and have it at an angle so that it does n't reflect into the camera . 
  yeah , that 's what i love about the classic mam player , and the smalin youtube account . 
  you 're still using the iphone in 2024 ? 
  i 've moved on to using my ieye as my only mobile device . 
  a few other sites , too , but yeah , basically it 's a front end to various other services ( with a small number of preprogrammed responses of its own ) . 
  this is exactly what i think . 
  make them drink a whole mouthful and swallow in front of security . 
  if it 's part of a bomb there 'll be some sort of reaction , surely . 
  the problem is that conflating taxes with theft is completely portraying the issue in the wrong light . 
  if we were to give the libertarians what they want and have absolutely minimal ( or no ) taxes or regulations the economy would n't function . 
  i 'm sorry to diss other people 's beliefs , and they 're entitled to have them , but they * just do n't work * . 
  that 's why he did n't call him a douchebag , he said that * instead of * calling him a douchbag , he will actually answer the questions . 
  i 'm not sure you understand sarcasm ... 
  i find it so stupid that the two leagues ca n't cooperate on some basic things . 
  honestly ? 
  having the two grand finals on the same weekend ? 
  shame on them both . 
  that 's what i figured you meant . 
  it seems that most doctor who fans these days have n't really seen much of ( if any of ) the original doctor whos, 
  what do you mean no more episodes ? 
  book 2 starts some time in 2013 . 
  they did n't have the second season at first . 
  now they 've got it all the way up to 4 , but at the very start it was just 1 . 
  audience attention is the main thing . 
  i 've read all the wicked books so far , and i do n't remember anything about medication . 
  i 'm not very interested in musicals as a whole , but i would love to see wicked at west end ( or , heck , broadway would do , too ) . 
  i 've read the books and they are simply amazing !, 
  i have n't seen the musical either , but i 've got a friend who has ( she saw the musical before reading the books , though ) , and she says it 's amazing . 
  i 've heard this , too . 
   the silver slippers that dorothy wore in the book series were changed to ruby to take advantage of the new technicolor process . 
  wikipedia, 
  oh wow , i did n't even know that was n't the main ending . 
  that 's the version i saw , and i loved it !, 
  no offense , but i use reddit in alien blue on my ipod touch all the time , and i do n't find it that hard to type things . 
  yeah it 's a bit of a pain , but not all that bad . 
  damn , you got a link to the ama ? 
  i wan na see that !, 
  on rereading it , i can see that that could be what it is . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced , but it does make sense . 
  i remember hearing it quoted that tigger has adhd , and pooh has an eating disorder , but i do n't know for certain . 
  christopher robin , i think , is supposed to be schizophrenic , or some mental disorder where he imagines all of these characters . 
  again , it 's not something i necessarily agree with , just something i 've heard . 
   with no luck with the one girl he likes, 
  threat of villains i assume is plankton , but i do n't know about dysfunctional old men . 
  the [ new ieye ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v2ew6.jpg ) , now retailing for just $ 499.99 . 
  what exactly do you mean by mean ? 
  in australia we call 'em blueys . 
  and law, 
  i dunno , i feel that if they really , honestly , did n't know who was who , that 's a legit excuse . 
  only thing is , i ca n't imagine how drunk you 'd have to be for that , and if you are then there 're probably other problems . 
  yeah , there 's always been a mixture of good and bad music . 
  the good stuff gets remembered over time , and the bad does n't . 
  in fact , it has often been the case that the most popular at the time wo n't become the most remembered . 
  i do n't remember the details , but one of bach 's contemporaries was considered by many ( but not an overwhelming majority ) to be a superior musician to bach . 
  these days , no one outside of / r/elitistclassical has probably heard of him . 
  fast forward to the 70s and 80s , an anecdotal report from my dad ( who was in his teens and 20s then ) . 
  he told me just today that the musicians so many people love from that era today were not the most mainstream musicians of their day . 
  i have a terrible memory , so i do n't remember the exact examples , but he said that the most popular ones of the time were ones that are much less popular today . 
  in 40 years no one will remember justin bieber or rebecca black , but i 'm sure there will be plenty of musicians from the 00s that we will look back on . 
  oh god , i did n't even realise what i did there . 
  that was a serious question . 
  i 've always been a little mean to my younger sister around friends , but then she 's always been annoying to me when they 're around . 
  would you count that ? 
  and what if it 's just playful humour , particularly in a way british or australian culture finds perfectly acceptable among adults ( though americans are often more serious with this ) ? 
  / u/kreigsschildkroete [ wanted to write this to you , but accidentally made a mistake  ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/10pjjc/what_causes_you_to_stop_respecting_another_person/c6fj4si ), 
  i live in the bible belt . 
  using what you just said would reduce 90 % of the population to 5th grade level . 
  sorry , i do n't actually know the show that well . 
  you should reply to calyso440 , ( s ) he seems to have a better idea of what 's going on . 
  i do n't think `` it hurts people 's feelings '' is a good reason . 
  plenty of things hurt people 's feelings . 
  if the context the word is being used is ( obviously ) sarcastic , then perhaps people taking offense need to toughen up . 
   nobody should get that drunk if they think they 'll cheat, 
  this is a very good point . 
  similarly , the extreme free-market libertarians who refer to taxes as `` stealing '' and refuse to listen to reasoned arguments about why it 's actually an impossible economic set-up . 
  you know what i love ? 
  i do n't say `` shit like that '' . 
  thing is , i do n't see why people should n't be allowed to . 
  i 'd say one thing that makes me lose respect for people is when they take offense at things far too easily . 
  but yeah , serious assholery to anyone , but especially a younger sibling who quite possibly looks up to you , is a definite nono . 
  oh look , more ad hominems . 
  i 'm not going to answer that , because it is n't relevant to the conversation . 
  if you smoke in your own time , away from people ( not just `` do n't blow smoke in my face '' , but actually go away to do it : also , especially children ) , then i 've got absolutely zero problems with it . 
  as you said , it 's your body ( and your money ) , you do what you want . 
  that said , i reserve the right to * discretely * ( i.e. , you are n't necessarily meant to even see it ) look at you judgmentally . 
  i have the right to do that , too . 
  i wo n't say anything , though , because that would be douchy . 
  this is mainly meant for the person who already replied to you , but it mostly applies here as well :, 
  if you smoke in your own time , away from people ( not just `` do n't blow smoke in my face '' , but actually go away to do it : also , especially children ) , then i 've got absolutely zero problems with it . 
  as you said , it 's your body ( and your money ) , you do what you want . 
  that said , i reserve the right to * discretely * ( i.e. , you are n't necessarily meant to even see it ) look at you judgmentally . 
  i have the right to do that , too . 
  i wo n't say anything , though , because that would be douchy . 
  oh , right . 
  i shoulda known that ... 
  yeah , it 's a real shame . 
  korra 's no where near as good , and avatar was an awesome show .
