  i bought it a while back when steam had the entire collection for like $ 5 , but i 've only now got ` round to starting it . 
  so far i 've found it ... alright . 
  it certainly is n't everything it was hyped up to be based on what i 've seen around reddit . 
  it 's not awful , but it does n't live up to the expectation . 
  this was discussed briefly in [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/1ls8ln/the_classic_pc_games_you_must_play/cc2abpb ) just a little while ago . 
  i dunno , that 's probably what it was . 
  it was a while ago now so i 've forgotten . 
  edit : i just checked , yeah , it was $ 10.95 . 
  i was confusing it with the ea humble bundle , which was $ 5.32 when i paid just over the average price . 
  this is the best election result to have come out in the past week , that 's for sure . 
  edit : [ a graph of the results that i took from a comment on facebook . 
  so , it would seem that the current prevailing theory is that they are , in fact , related to ducks . 
  at least more closely than to emus or ostriches , which is what you would think by looking at the skeletons as a lay person . 
  america takes the prize for duck sized horses , though . 
  i was curious about that , so i looked it up . 
  it is a * metric * unit , but the accepted unit for energy in si is the joule . 
  `` in nutritional contexts , the kilojoule ( kj ) is the si unit of food energy . '', 
  i found it interesting to note that the uk and `` some other western countries '' ( wikipedia was n't specific ) do still use calories typically for food . 
  here in australia most food is measured in kilojoules . 
  this was certainly an interesting learning experience , though . 
  proportional is great , but mmp is awful . 
  i 'm sorry new zealand , but the system you guys use is awful and unrepresentative . 
  institutionalising parties and giving them the power to choose who gets in parliament rather than voters is a terrible idea . 
  what we need is stv . 
  take current electorates and group them into groups of 3 -- 5 , with 3 -- 5 members elected from each using much the same algorithm currently used in the senate . 
  that will give us a proportional system without this awful giving of power directly to parties . 
  mmp would have seen john howard reelected to parliament in 2007 , despite his constituency clearly indicating he was n't wanted . 
  in stv you get the same awesomeness of proportionality but without giving parties the ability to play games with who gets into parliament . 
  left right does n't work . 
  use the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  a two axis system allows for much more accurate placement of parties ' ideologies . 
  the abc 's vote compass used a variation of this idea . 
  check the political compass . 
  it gives a better way of positioning parties . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think you guys have an awful system . 
  i love the fact that it 's proportional , and that makes it a lot better than what we have now , but the way party seats are allocated is terrible and unrepresentative . 
  i elaborated this in a top level comment on this thread . 
  electorates currently use alternative vote . 
  stv is only used in multi-member constituencies , such as our current senate . 
  as it happens , stv is exactly how i would purpose we fix our hor . 
  it 's proportional and would n't require giving parties the bizarre and unrepresentative power that comes with appointment of list members . 
  instead , merge current electorates into groups of 3 -- 5 with 3 -- 5 members from each . 
  it 's not about reducing the power of minor parties , it 's about reducing the power of secret back room deals that allow some minor parties to get into power without people actually voting for them . 
  so are you suggesting we should change our voting system so that those uninformed about how it currently works are now correct ? 
  that hardly seems a prudent way to run things . 
  `` the single transferable vote ( stv ) is a voting system designed to achieve proportional representation through ranked voting in multi-seat constituencies '' . 
  specifically , it is a way of creating proportional results in a multi member constituency . 
  it just happens to use a very similar method to our current system of the alternative vote ( aka instant runoff ) . 
  yeah definitely would be . 
  would create some massive electorates , though . 
  all of wa apart from perth would probably be one , and queensland would probably only have two or three outside of the major population centres . 
  that 's not the fault of stv , it 's the fault of these awful preference deals that happen in the australian senate . 
  there are many proposed solutions to this , being discussed in other threads . 
  and these solutions would work the same way if we moved to stv in reps. 
  i 've never had * anyone * ` correct ' me for saying can instead of may . 
  it took me a while to realise that that article was written for just after rudd came to power the first time and the liberal party lost massively . 
  he was defending the coalition 's right to oppose . 
  as someone with no knowledge of military stuff , how exactly is switching marines with special forces different ? 
  i get the impression that they 'd be smaller in numbers and better equipped/trained , but functionally i do n't see how it would be different . 
  holy shit dude . 
  that 's absolutely brilliant !, 
  it does n't work historically ( atlantis being a greek myth , earlier than roman times ) , but it 's still an incredible concept . 
  you still have to number all of the candidates if you want to vote below the line and have it counted . 
  that 's what we 're talking about here . 
  and it 's horrible . 
  you should n't have to number 82 candidates to get your preferred 15 votes counted . 
  you should be allowed to optionally preference , and if your vote has n't been exhausted by the time your preferences are , then it counts as an informal vote from that point onward . 
  combine that with above the line preferences , where instead of numbering all 4 labor candidates and all 3 greens individually , you just put a single number above the line in the greens ' column , and another number above the labor column , and then you have a system where people can actually get their preferred votes expressed in a way that is n't painfully difficult and complicated . 
  i would 've only had to number 1 ( pirate party ) through to 7 ( labor ) , rather than 1 ( thomas , pirate party ) to 82 ( sweeris-sigrist , australian christians ) , and the functional movement of my vote would have been exactly the same . 
  still give people the option to vote below the line for individual candidates if they want , but at least have the option to vote like this . 
  remember it costs money to run extra candidates . 
  sure it would help them have a higher chance of getting in , but it 's still far from guaranteed , so the cost may not be worth it . 
  except it really is n't . 
  the problem here is n't with minor parties getting in , it 's minor parties getting in on the back of back-door preference deals . 
  things like the wikileaks party preferencing family first ahead of the greens , despite the clear fact that that is not in line with the ostensible political ideals of the party . 
  that is n't democracy at work . 
  what exactly is wrong with wanting to fix the problem of how group voting tickets work today ? 
  introduce above the line , optional , preferencing , and allow people to number as many or as few candidates or parties as they like . 
  that will give people the ability to have their say accurately without needing to number all the way up to over 100 ( in nsw this election ) . 
  in queensland , i had to number 1 to 82 . 
  i really did n't care the order after i got to labor ( at 13 -- 16 ) , and in optional preferencing i could have stopped there . 
  i should have been able to stop there . 
  or , even better , with preferencing above the line , it would have only been 1 -- 7 , for the 5 parties and 1 independent i preferred over labor , and then the `` labor '' ticket at 7 . 
  if people could do this , then their vote would actually be representative of their beliefs , rather than representing the back-room deals that go ahead with current above the line votes . 
  ps , do n't forget iga !, 
  the problem is n't minor parties , it 's parties that get in purely because of how group voting tickets work . 
  i agree , but i do n't think brisbane is all * that * bad compared to the rest of the state . 
  lilley ( my electorate , though i do n't actually live there ) reelected wayne swan even despite his associations with the much-hated gillard government . 
  griffith was safely retained by rudd , and many other seats saw much smaller swings towards lnp than the national average . 
  if i recall correctly , queensland labor did not lose a * single * seat to the lnp . 
  that 's quite an achievement when you consider the national trend , and the fact that it was predicted at one point that labor would lose * every * seat apart from griffith . 
  and people not knowing what unicameral means is hardly surprising , i think , though it is disappointing . 
  what i want to see is electronic voter marking . 
  instead of a massive paper book , you get your name signed off on a massive database . 
  it would decrease the potential for double voting , without the issues associated with requiring id , or with fudged voting systems . 
  ah , right . 
  so putting a cross on `` lift '' would n't automatically flow through to reform ? 
  for clarification , it 's because our system * is n't * a presidential one , it 's a westminster-based parliamentary system . 
  that 's how it works , and that 's exactly how it is supposed to work . 
  should the parliament represent the will of the people better ?
