  my point is that removing it does n't make sense . 
  the mechanics of the game should , in my opinion , always bow to logic . 
  paging / u/3fun . 
  also , meta for everyone : should we consider changing the standing orders to reduce the number from 8 to 3 or 4 , to better suit the smaller size of our chamber ? 
  i figured we were ignoring the exact time requirements for things because of how we do things concurrently . 
  but yeah , i raised that as an issue to try and bring it to attention to possibly get the procedure committee to consider it . 
  the senator shall remain in order or remove himself from the gallery . 
  how ( and in particular , * where * ) do i go about doing that ? 
  ! page on a matter of public importance, 
  how do we report them to the accc ? 
  i 'm not canadian , but by googling `` canadian consumer protection '' i got [ the office of consumer affairs ] ( http://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/oca-bc.nsf/eng/home ) which seems like it might be the relevant body . 
  the senator will remove himself from the gallery . 
  local businesses all have to pay gst . 
  that 's the law , and it 's there because it 's a very good source of revenue for the government . 
  there 's really no good reason that businesses located overseas that sell things to australians should not also have to pay tax . 
  it 's not like we 're just talking about aussies buying stuff and getting it shipped to australia with the company never really involving themselves in australia . 
  we 're talking about companies like valve which deliberately use different pricing in australia , or other companies which even display prices in aud and make no pretence of * not * selling goods and services to australians . 
  why should they * not * have to pay the same taxes as businesses with physical storefronts located on australian soil ? 
  urgh , as if it were n't already a stupid price , they do n't even put it on sale when other places do ? 
  ah yes , ouch . 
  that 's a really painful set of subjects . 
  cantrips scale with * character * level . 
  you could get one level sorcerer and do the rest as fighter and it would still scale at level 5 etc. 
  at least one damaging cantrip is pretty much a must . 
  ray of frost , firebolt , that sort of thing . 
  the rest of your cantrips can be whatever sounds interesting . 
  spell can similarly be whatever you want . 
  burning hands is fun , and so is sleep . 
  try to grab a few more utility spells though if you can . 
  but really , just do whatever 's interesting . 
  sounds good . 
  if you 're dming , the monster manual is almost more import than the dmg . 
  for player options , as far as paid stuff , everything you 've got is all there is . 
  the free pdf from elemental evil is official as well , and has a few interesting options . 
  then there 's the unearthed arcana material , which is kinda official , but should be treated as beta or playtest material , and treated with caution . 
  at least they sell it there . 
  we ca n't buy d&d stuff at * all * in australia 's amazon ... have to go on the us site and put up with ads for free shipping that we ca n't actually cash in on . 
  it 's called suspension of disbelief . 
  you do n't get to excuse everything logical just because you 're in a fantasy setting . 
  so do you get to move an extra 20 feet as part of your bonus action ? 
  advantage should n't be this super rare gem that 's nearly impossible to get except for specific abilities that say you get it . 
  advantage reflects `` temporary circumstances that might affect the chances of a character succeeding or failing at a task '' . 
  more specifically , the dmg recommends granting advantage when `` circumstances not related to a creature 's inherent capabilities provide it with an edge '' or `` some aspect of the environment contributes to the character 's chance of success '' . 
  any dm who has an ounce of common sense would be granting advantage for flanking based on this alone , because * it makes sense * . 
  that 's even * without * the game specifically calling it out as an optional rule . 
  some dickhead felt the need to go to human resources about you doing something completely normal . 
  you should feel no remorse in going to hr about that dickhead was being discriminatory against you . 
   flanking gives advantage to attack rolls , but only when flanked on opposing sides of the enemy unit, 
  that 's not so much a house rule as ( a ) an optional rule explicitly stated in the dmg , and ( b ) an obvious natural interpretation of the description of when advantage should be given in the general sense ( `` circumstances not related to a creature 's inherent capabilities provide it with an edge '' ) . 
   short rest heals 50 % of hp , long rest heals 100 %, 
  raw a long rest * does * heal 100 % . 
  a short rest merely allows you to spend hit dice to heal . 
  having it heal 50 % seems an odd choice , because it would pretty much negate the whole purpose of hit dice . 
   anytime i crit an enemy from 100 % to dead , i can roll an intimidation check on all enemies within 15ft . 
  fail makes them spend their next turn running in the direct opposite direction of me . 
  that sounds really cool . 
   can i attack and then call sneak attack ( as is written in the handbook ) ? 
  out of interest , does your dm do the same nerf to paladins ' divine smite ? 
  in 5e components do n't get used up except in certain rare circumstances where it * specifically * mentions that it does . 
  normal flanking is nonexistent . 
  by the standard rules , you do n't get any benefit from surrounding an opponent ( which is dumb and unrealistic in my opinion , but for some reason there are a large number of grognards or whatever in this subreddit that like it ... ) . 
  there are special rules for things like `` pack tactics '' which some monsters have , and a rogue 's sneak attack can work whenever an enemy of the target other than the rogue is within 5 ft of it , in addition to whenever the rogue has advantage ( these are two completely separate possible conditions for when sneak attack can apply ) . 
  it 's possible that your dm might have been conflating those two things . 
  the diploma is a two year programme , not three . 
  the entire point of the diploma is that it 's a single large cohesive programme in which you take 6 main subjects , plus the `` core '' which is cas , the ee , and tok . 
  individual subjects each have an examination component , but they also have internal assessments : assignments , basically , that usually ca n't be done over a single night . 
  it takes time to work towards them . 
  especially in subjects like english literature , where you would have to read and study the texts before you can even begin to analyse them for an iop . 
  cas is n't 150 hours . 
  that has n't been how it works for a * long * time . 
  i sat exams in may 2012 and it was out before then . 
  it 's just a sustained effort , making sure to regularly participate in activities from each of the three areas over the course of your two year programme . 
  also to do reflections on it . 
  yeah , the requirement for doing activities over the whole course is really more to stop people front loading really heavily , rather than to be used as a way to allow a lower amount of total cas . 
  to give an example , i had over 50 hours of creativity about 2/3rds of the way through my first term of ib . 
  thanks to a multi-day inter-school music festival , and participating in the [ 48 hour film project ] ( http://www.48hourfilm.com/home ) . 
  were the 50 hour rule valid , i could have ignored creativity for the rest of ib if i wanted to . 
  but of course , it also should n't be used as an excuse to hardly put * any * effort in whatsoever . 
  leave is sought and the question proposed , that the motion be agreed to . 
  members may debate this motion until 1600\u00a029/11 / 2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  as this is a cognate debate , members may debate any or all of the bills presented above . 
  each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . 
  leave may be denied . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  leave has been denied . 
  the bills must be debated individually , once the honourable the prime minister moves as such . 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  i did n't realise you had edited it to fix the initial issues . 
  i 'm a hook hander . 
  it hurts after a while , so i 've learnt to write pretty decent with my right hand so that i can switch between then during exams once my left hand gets sore , to give it a little break . 
  i 'm convinced vlc could play a text file just fine . 
  you should take a look at our [ style guide ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) to see how to correctly format something as greentext . 
  on particular , prefix lines with ''  '' rather than bullet points . 
  seriously wtf . 
  if you do something to screw over my character , i as a player am going to be angry . 
  even if it made perfect sense for you in character . 
  sounds like you 're going about it the right way . 
  just keep it up and you 'll be back to where you were on qwerty and beyond in no time !,
