  for the cases where i know i 'm going to be using it a lot , i carry an external battery , which is far more powerful than what i 'd get with a swappable internal battery . 
  eh , and rather just have the stock phone be physically larger . 
  the problem with your method is that it 'd then make the phone not fit into third party cases . 
  oh right , i was n't aware of that . 
  i just assumed cabinet confidentiality was absolute . 
  the problem with that is if coalitions arise the cabinet could be made up of members of different caususes ( man ... that does n't look like a real word , but google tells me it is so ... ) . 
  no , they asked if they * can * request . 
  jesus dude ca n't you read ? 
  yeah the nexus 4 has a well-known problem with its camera . 
  would n't be surprised if it 's not the only one . 
  wow that was awesome !, 
  yeah if anything i 've been more of a hindrance than a help . 
  they 're often not allowed to do that . 
  just wan na point out that those were n't donkey votes . 
  a donkey vote is when they number from 1 -- n in the exact order it appears on the ballot paper . 
  it 's a legal vote , but one that is * usually * made by completely uninformed and lazy voters . 
  they just ca n't be discarded since someone may have actually decided that 's the exact order they wanted to number in . 
  the sting is absolutely not an obscure movie . 
  community has definitely done more obscure references than it in the past ( who the hell had ever heard of `` my dinner with andre '' ) the entertainer ( the music that the episode opened with , and which played at the start o the title sequence -- before segueing into the ragtime version of the normal opening theme ) is one of the absolute most well-known pieces of music out there , and is * definitely * the most well-known rag , largely * because * of its use in the sting , and in turn , the sting has become more well-known because of how well known the piece is . 
  regarding chang , i agree . 
  apart from the acting episode , i think he 's been absolutely awful this season . 
  not the acting -- for the most part i think jeong has been fantastic -- but the use of the character in the plot . 
  but do n't blame it on season 4 . 
  the way he was handled that season was way better , with him pretending to be kevin while actually knowing he 's chang and plotting to take down greendale . 
  it was n't very well executed , but at least it was * something * . 
  way better than this season . 
  haha yeah that was brilliant . 
  he 's just like [ spoiler ] ( / s `` oh yes , thank you for allowing me the opportunity to monologue about my plan -- ** attacks ** '' ), 
  i 've heard american toilets are designed in a weird way that makes splashback a bigger problem than other toilets , so perhaps that 's the explanation . 
  but i have literally never felt anything splash onto my leg as a result of peeing standing up . 
  the entertainer was n't written for the movie . 
  it was written in 1902 ; the movie did n't come out until the 70s . 
  its composer was dead long before the movie came out . 
  could be that the orchestral arrangement was made specially for the movie , though . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm in my early 20s , and i 've heard of the movie . 
  admittedly though , i 'm a pianist , and the entertainer was a piece i learnt before i was 13 . 
  i heard of the movie as a result of learning the piece . 
  fwiw , i did n't really enjoy the movie very much , though that could be because at the time i was probably too young to really get it ( was probably around 15 or 16 at the time ) . 
  i do agree that the episode was weak . 
  to me that was just because it failed to deliver on the promise of a cool grifter movie . 
  i was expecting something like what they did in the first chang dynasty with their oceans ' 11 hommage , only more con-artisty and less heisty . 
  but what we got was ... well i do n't know what it was . 
  they really failed to deliver on the promise that the first 5 minutes gave us . 
  but i do n't think any of that has to do with the fact that what it was based on was the sting . 
  it could equally have copied the mood of the grifters or confidence , or heck , even dirty rotten scoundrels or heartbreakers , and it still would have fallen short . 
  but speaking of the first chang dynasty , as much as i absolutely loved that story line , i think it kind of spelled the doom for the character . 
  there was n't really much they could * realistically * do to him after going through that . 
  they probably should have taken him all the way back to what he was in season 2 , but admittedly it would have been difficult to do it believably . 
  not me . 
  it 's hex all the way . 
  not hexadecimal , mind you , base ~ ~ 8 ~ ~ 10 hex . 
  7 10 11 , more like . 
  f\u00fcr elise does n't * really * have any hand crossing either , but it does get very close , closer even than maple leaf rag does , with its octave es . 
  and yeah , the entertainer has a lot of octaves going on . 
  and the b theme is played an octave higher in the right hand on its repeat . 
  same . 
  do n't know of anyone that uses that programme . 
  lots of snapchat , though . 
  while we 're discussing irrational hatred of regional variation , i hate how americans call a full stop a period . 
  a real programmer would have set it up so that the way the input to the programme is given , it does n't need to be generic under the hood , because the input is unambiguous . 
  ah you sure you 're not thinking of the new arrowverse spin off ? 
  atom 's show is going straight to order , largely because he got a back-door pilot in both arrow and flash . 
  this is awesome news . 
  now , leak plz ? 
  wait what exactly are these ? 
  stickers to go on top of your keys ? 
  actual keys in a dvorak configuration ? 
  if the latter , how does one know they 'll fit their keyboard ? 
  but either way , most people in this subreddit tend to recommend against it . 
  while it 's fine once you 've learnt the keyboard layout perfectly , it completely defeats the purpose for beginners . 
  and once you 've learnt it , what 's the point in spending a huge amount of money for something you specifically want to avoid looking at anyway ? 
  that was my first thought , too . 
  but i had a look at the actual site . 
  they 're giving them away for free , and the fonts could be obtained separately through google fonts . 
  heck , the page hardly even has ads on it . 
  there 's only one on the page , and it 's below the fold . 
  if all you do is go there , look for the download button , and hit it , you would n't even see the ad . 
  that makes sense , actually . 
  i * hate * the way most fonts write upper case g and lower case a. 
  why are all your examples serif fonts ? 
  have these journals you 're talking about got a problem with standard sans-serif fonts like calibri or helvetica ? 
  you 'll have to forgive the shitty image . 
  i could n't find one online , and i 'm too lazy to use my scanner , so it 's a photo of my own handwriting taken on my phone . 
  the leftmost is how i write it . 
  the centre one is the worst , but it 's how most fonts seem to do it . 
  the right one 's okay , but still does n't look as nice as the left one . 
  seems like it 's going too far to be fancy , or something . 
  i 'm not exactly sure why i do n't like it . 
  they 're called monospaced fonts . 
  someone else linked an article where the author recommends them . 
  to be honest , i have no idea why you would want to use them . 
  they 're absolutely awful for readability ( this has been [ measured ] ( http://blog.codinghorror.com/comparing-font-legibility/ ) * ) . 
  monospaced fonts are great in programming , because it helps keep things aligned better and can help prevent narrow but important characters being missed by the eye ( a ` ! ` at the beginning of a word would be easy to miss if not looking for it , in a proportional font ) . 
  but using them in prose slows down reading time . 
  \\* [ second source ] ( http://hfs.sagepub.com/content/25/3/273.full.pdf ) , behind a paywall, 
  this guy reckons you should be using monospaced fonts . 
  fuck that noise , they 're awful in prose . 
  they [ measurably decrease legibility ] ( http://blog.codinghorror.com/comparing-font-legibility/ ) * . 
  monospaced fonts are great for programming , because they help keep things aligned better , and can help prevent narrow but important characters being missed by the eye ( a ` ! ` at the beginning of a word would be easy to miss if not looking for it , in a proportional font ) .
