  think about that for a moment . 
  there is no such thing as complete and utter silence . 
  try it now . 
  turn off anything that could make a sound , and just sit there for a while . 
  you 'll hear all sorts of interesting noises from all around you . 
  that realisation is partly what led to cage 's creation of this work . 
   in 1951 , cage visited the anechoic chamber at harvard university . 
  an anechoic chamber is a room designed in such a way that the walls , ceiling and floor absorb all sounds made in the room , rather than reflecting them as echoes . 
  such a chamber is also externally sound-proofed . 
  cage entered the chamber expecting to hear silence , but he wrote later , `` i heard two sounds , one high and one low . 
  when i described them to the engineer in charge , he informed me that the high one was my nervous system in operation , the low one my blood in circulation . '', 
  cage had gone to a place where he expected total silence , and yet heard sound . 
  `` until i die there will be sounds . 
  and they will continue following my death . 
  one need not fear about the future of music . '', 
  the realisation as he saw it of the impossibility of silence led to the composition of 4 \u2032 33 \u2033 . 
  additionally , it raises the question of `` what is music '' ? 
  a question that definitely does n't have an easy answer , and is constantly asked in contemporary musical settings . 
  a great resource for this question is [ bernstein 's harvard lectures ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3hlqcho08s ) . 
  that 's an incredibly long series , but totally worth it if you 're interested in music as an art form . 
  can we call complete silence music ? 
  how about the noise of just the environment ? 
  this question is more difficult in the context of some of the somewhat extreme music around , such as `` imaginary landscape 4 for 12 radios '' . 
  is that music ? 
  it 's not music for entertainment , it 's a work asking a philosophical question , and designed to encourage thought . 
  [ the wikipedia link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4%e2%80%b233%e2%80%b3 ) definitely read the `` history of composition '' section in its entirety . 
   part of the price of going to a restaurant is paying your waitress 15 % of the price of your food . 
  that is part of your bill . 
  i know it does n't look that way on the receipt , but that 's just the way it is . 
  then it should be included on the bill , and the waiters should be payed a decent wage directly . 
  it 's not up to me , the customer , to pay the restaurant 's employees ' wages . 
  yes , it is silly . 
  the wheel was n't broken . 
  gas lamps were n't broken . 
  `` if it 's not broken , do n't fix it '' is a terrible reason to avoid change . 
  by all means , debate it if you do n't like the idea of this specific change , but not changing for the sake of not changing is terrible . 
  but i agree , i 'd rather a constitutional monarchy than something like the us . 
  i 'd rather just have a governor general that is more democratic than currently . 
  hear hear *, 
  right , but i should n't be asked to pay more on top of the bill in order to * directly * pay their wages . 
  i should be paying for the service of receiving a meal that i 've ordered . 
  the money i pay for that should be used to pay cook , waiter , raw materials , administrative costs , whatever else . 
  i should n't have to think about how much on top of the bill i should pay the waiter , when it 's the employers responsibility . 
  your last paragraph is a perfect and against tipping as a social norm . 
  if tipping is normal , then giving someone a tip is not a particularly significant gesture . 
  on the other hand , if tipping is not normal , but one chooses to give a tip anyway ( due to truly exceptional service , or just because you 're in a particularly generous mood ) , it will have a larger effect on the recipient of the tip . 
  perhaps you do , but i know i never notice what subreddit a post is in , especially when it could be ambiguous . 
  i suspect most people are the same . 
  & # 8710 ; huh , that had never crossed my mind . 
  i 've used that to my advantage all the time , but at the same time my initial reaction when i first came here was the same as op 's, 
  he does n't want to replace random people , or everybody , with pikachu , just annoying people . 
  for that , he 'd need to cross-reference their faces against a list of annoying people ; that would require facial recognition . 
  which is just one of many reasons i 'm glad i * do n't * live in america . 
  but that aside , this argument is n't about whether people should or should n't tip in society today , it 's about whether tipping should or should n't be a part of society . 
  i * have * presented my reasoning , in other comments . 
  that i do n't feel like repeating myself does n't mean i am handwaving away arguments such as you describe . 
  huh ? 
  i 've had over half a dozen comments in this thread . 
  i ca n't keep track of which parts of it i 've quoted which stats . 
  i do n't think it 's * that * much of an ask that people read more than exactly one line of comments . 
  my god that looks awesome !!, 
  have they said what platform it 's going to be on ? 
  i could n't see anywhere other than some commenters saying `` steam '' . 
  is that windows only , or will they also be supporting os x and/or linux ? 
  yeah that 's what i thought too . 
  i spent a good minute staring at the title before i got it . 
  should n't it be `` 'til '' ? 
  ( using french quotes for clarity ), 
  i 've heard something like this before , but do you have a ( easily digestible ) source for it ? 
  it 's something i 'm really interested in reading more about . 
   its in our emblem and i have never in my life seen one !, 
  it makes me very happy !, 
  taken out of context \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  could someone clarify for me ? 
  the article talks about the argument that solar power drives up electricity prices . 
  obviously , it then goes on to debunk that claim , but where does the claim come from in the first place ? 
  my understanding would be that solar power reduces demand for mains electricity ( because people need to use less of it ) , whilst simultaneously increasing supply ( since any electricity produced by solar panels that * is n't * used by their homes gets sold back to the grid ) . 
  both of these things should , according to the laws of supply and demand , reduce prices . 
  let me preface by saying i support the idea of becoming a republic completely . 
  however , there are certainly difficulties . 
  in practice , we would have to remove many references to the queen . 
  new money would have to be printed , passports issued . 
  the cost of doing this would be huge , although i do n't see why it could n't be done gradually enough that the effects are not noticeable . 
  then there 's the issue of how the president is chosen ( if you want to change the name to president -- depending on how it goes ahead , it might make more sense to keep the name as governor-general ) . 
  the gg is supposed to be politically independent , and if they were to be voted directly by the people , that would obviously be impossible , or at the very least much more difficult . 
  we would have to agree on exactly what model of a republic to go to . 
  sure you can argue that we could keep it exactly the same but have someone elected rather than appointed by the queen , but getting everyone to actually agree that 's the best way is difficult . 
  this relates to the last point in that * perhaps * having us directly elect a president/gg each 3 years is not the best solution . 
  the cost of holding a referendum itself is , while not immense , also not totally insignificant . 
  a note to everyone else here . 
  op is not asking why it 's a good/bad idea , but why it would be * hard to make the change * . 
  this is n't the thread for arguing reasons you think the change should n't be made , except for those that relate to it being difficult to do . 
  oh yeah , because pass , hit up , pass , *** whiiiiiiistle *** is * soooo * much more involved . 
  i do n't like your analogy , attempting to imply that union is more sophisticated than league ( which i suspect was your intention ) , but i agree completely that people have their own tastes . 
  huh , til . 
  thanks . 
  ah awesome , thanks . 
  definitely explains it for me . 
  i do have one question , though . 
   additional current supplied from solar pv will cause voltage rise proportional to the resistance on the line,
