  all of the photos on the front page of / r/jenniferlawrence ( oh god , it 's purple now ... i feel dirty ) were taken knowingly in photoshoots , from films , or at public events ( e.g. 
  at award ceremonies ) . 
  it 'd be creepy if there were nip-slips taken by paparazzi , but the photos i 'm seeing seem fine , to me . 
  the actual obsession with her specifically seems to stem from the simple fact that she has a * personality * that people around here find enjoyable . 
  she comes across as a genuine person with a good sense of humour and no aversion to silliness . 
  to me , that seems awesome . 
  they like her as a * person * . 
  it 's not just a bland obsession with a hot woman , it 's someone who comes across as intelligent and funny . 
  sure she 's hot as hell , too , but i think the reason she specifically is so popular is her personality . 
  helping make more home environments conducive to studying is , in my opinion , an absolutely crucial part of improving the education system . 
  it 's not entirely accurate , but you could use the term poachers here rather than hunters to get your point across more simply . 
  i do n't . 
  in fact , i have sort of the opposite problem . 
  when it 's new , i often accidentally put on more than i want to because of how easily it comes out . 
  i have to be really careful to only put on about a pea-sized bit . 
  the analogy works , though . 
   far away from where anyone would even want to live, 
  seriously . 
  i would n't even want to live in perth , let alone the middle of western australia out away from anything . 
   meat and veg, 
  australian confirmed . 
  i just recently saw a bandaid for the first time in a while , and remembering this conversation i took a close look at the brand . 
  it was an actual `` bandaid '' branded bandaid . 
  ( not sure if that 's because it 's lost its trademark here in the same way `` zipper '' or `` escalator '' have , or if it 's because it was actually made by the bandaid company . ), 
  i * think * americans might say veg ( i honestly do n't know ) , but the phrase `` meat and veg '' ( often with a number before `` veg '' , especially two or three ) has connotations of being from a member of the commonwealth . 
  the really australian bit was maccas . 
  no , not shameful at all . 
  i made the same assumption , not based on any of the stuff that you described , but based simply on the fact that he posted this in a subreddit called / r/askfeminists . 
  it seemed natural to me that it was most likely a woman posting here . 
  in most places that 's legal . 
  scientists use kelvin , not fahrenheit or celsius . 
  same . 
  i 'm so glad they 're not wasting time shoe horning in multiplayer , and are instead really focusing on a great story . 
  how do you set groups yourself ? 
  australia has proceeds of crime laws . 
  if someone is convicted of a crime and they profit from that crime ( for example by selling their story to the media ) , that profit can be confiscated under australian law . 
  now , it 's obviously complicated by the fact that the crime was committed overseas , and she is currently living overseas , but she is still an australian citizen , and the proceeds are being delivered by a company in australia . 
  he 's also a main character in season 5 of community . 
  that 's including the recount of the wa senate election . 
  obviously they 're going back to the polls , so that result is now invalid . 
  as it stands so far , it would really be :, 
  * australian labor party - 24, 
  * australian greens - 9, 
  * palmer united party - 2, 
  * independent - 1, 
  * democratic labour party - 1, 
  * liberal democratic party - 1, 
  * family first - 1, 
  * australian motoring enthusiast party - 1, 
  * australian sports party - 0, 
  \\ + 6 more from the upcoming wa election . 
  at least , that 's if i 'm understanding it correctly . 
  based on my understanding of the data on [ here ] ( http://www.aph.gov.au/senators_and_members/senators/senate_composition ) , it is impossible for the lnp to control the senate on their own . 
  even if they won all 6 seats at the wa re-election , they would only have 36 seats out of the required 39 . 
  a more realistic result is that they win 3 seats ( same as the first election ) or 2 ( some swing in favour of labor/greens ) , putting them at 32 or 33 seats . 
  we can pretty safely say that family first will give them their vote , but the others ( palmer , the ldp , the dlp , and the motoring enthusiasts , as well as the sporting party if they retain their seat at the re-election ) are much more unknown . 
  none . 
  they could elect 6 wa senators and still would n't hold absolute power . 
  still , the less they get , the more they have to negotiate with other parties . 
  if they get 3 seats ( as they did after the first recount ) then they will need to negotiate for 6 more votes to get a 39-vote majority . 
  if they only get 2 seats , that 's 7 they need to negotiate . 
  ah thanks !, 
  i 've never seen that before . 
  i 'd say it sounds like you 've got it more or less correct . 
  the one thing i would say is that it seems parties like the ldp may vote with the coalition on most economic matters ( being against things like the ets , and for things like privatisation ) , but would work towards more progressive social policies like legalising cannabis and marriage equality . 
  textbook libertarian stuff . 
  the dlp seems much the opposite , economically centrist ( not as progressive as labor/the greens , but not as conservative as the coalition ) , but socially extremely conservative . 
  i 'd expect both of these to mainly vote in line with the coalition , with the exception of if marriage equality or other major civil rights issues come up , in which case the ldp will vote with labor/the greens . 
  haha yeah the ctrl space thing is awesome , although i often find i over use it and get myself into really bad positions that could 've been avoided otherwise ... 
  could you eli5 what 's going on here ? 
  it seems to me that essentially the amount of max magicka that can be gained from things other than skill points ( e.g. 
  enchanted armour ) means that you reach a point where you do n't gain enough from putting points into magicka that it 's worth doing . 
  is that more or less correct ? 
  what i do n't really understand is what exactly `` soft cap '' means . 
  it seems to me a misleading term if my understanding is correct . 
  `` point of diminishing returns '' would make more sense to me . 
  for multiplayer , sure , but the other stuff would be such a massive boon to a singleplayer tes game . 
  many would argue that being able to play with a friend or three for cooperative ( or not , whatever ) multiplayer would be beneficial , too . 
  how does this work , exactly ? 
  do you enter it in the format of http://www.ssyoutube.com/watch?v=444444 ? 
  someone else in this thread said that that 's exactly how this site works . 
  it just embeds the youtube videos , and embedded videos do n't require the age barrier . 
  i hope that 's a holden ute they 've got there . 
   it is my opinion that climate change does n't exist, 
  that 's an opinion one could have , and it would be an opinion . 
  but you can take an opinion and work out how valid the claims made in them are . 
  not every example works like this , but many do . 
  in this case , the opinion i stated is quite definitively * wrong * . 
   i believe johnny cash 's music is bad, 
  this is an opinion ( again , one that i do not hold myself ) that is much harder to call `` wrong '' or `` right '' , because taste in music is very subjective . 
  there are certain things we can do to analyse music and judge its merits , but overwhelmingly it comes down purely to taste . 
  now , in your case , i wo n't weigh in on whether your opinion regarding nixon is correct or not . 
  i 'm merely trying to point out that simply claiming something is your opinion does not automatically give you a pass to say absolutely whatever you want without defending it . 
  as a nexus user ( 4 and 7 ) i 'm really worried about the rumours that google might discontinue the nexus line in favour of their play store edition phones . 
  i mean , sure you 'll still get stock android , but you wo n't get the super cheap phones and updates wo n't be as fast . 
  plus , i got ta say i really like [ nexus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:nexuslogo.svg ) as a brand . 
  does n't seem to need to be in the us * only * . 
  during the last gmg sale ( also 20 % ) i was in vietnam . 
  prices appeared the same as the us . 
  i think it 's probably going to show us prices anywhere that they have n't specifically set a price .
