  actually you only need to roll about 100 . 
  rule of thumb is you want each possible number to appear 5 times , which can occur starting at 100 rolls on a d20 . 
  i 'd probably do 1,000 -- 5,000 to be safe . 
  point 4 is irrelevant . 
  people will still have the option to postal vote or do a normal paper ballot . 
  but you 're absolutely right that you just ca n't have a system that is anonymous , completely secure , records who has and has n't voted , and prevents people from voting multiple times . 
  all of these features are absolutely essential , and must be working 100 % perfectly in order for online voting to be considered . 
  that just has not been demonstrated to be possible . 
  could be an advanced course in `` dungeons & dragons 2e '' . 
  i think it 's a great idea . 
  the hero falling in that way can be a great dramatic moment that players will remember for a long time . 
  alternatively , the hero coming close to falling and resisting temptation is also great . 
  a third option is that they player might pretend to join the villain , only to betray them ; taking the villain down from the inside . 
  basically , whatever option the player takes , it has incredible opportunity to be an awesome moment of roleplay that the players may remember for a long time . 
  you might get better feedback if you were to ask on / r/dndbehindthescreen . 
  casting which spells , may i ask ? 
  are you sure it was n't cantrips ? 
  and spiderman was a comic before a movie . 
  but in both cases , the games are based off of the movies . 
  they design their art around the actors in the film , they generally have either the same voice actor , or a voice actor picked specifically to sound like the actor in the film . 
  location ? 
  i think it 's a bit of both . 
  they wanted to provide a document for how to create new class archetypes . 
  they also knew a lot of people were asking for more sorcerer archetypes , and a spellless ranger . 
  so they used the opportunity afforded by the class archetype creation document to give us those . 
  yeah , asking for $ 75 ** and ** then not giving free shipping is a bit ridiculous . 
  urgh , these looked really cool until they wanted to charge $ 12 shipping on a $ 14 product . 
  nice idea , but that 's a little ridiculous ... 
  hey , i do n't use any fitness apps , per se . 
  but i do use a gps watch and sync its data to an online site when i get back home . 
  i answered never to how often i use a fitness app , but then answered the following questions with my garmin forerunner and garmin connect in mind , instead . 
  my party 's rogue went thief . 
  he did n't want magic , and he said that the thought the assassin archetype was kinda worthless in term of abilities . 
  i ca n't say i agree , but yeah . 
  i must say , i 'm * very * surprised that you consider wild magic the less popular sorcerer archetype . 
  hardly anyone i know would have even * considered * the other one after reading the wild magic stuff . 
  but that was before the recent new divine option , so that may change things . 
  i actually allowed my party 's barbarian to have the potential for rolling on the table each time he rages . 
  he had an interesting reason for it in his backstory , and may multiclass into sorcerer later . 
  first time it happened it resulted in another character 's death , since he was invisible and could n't be stabilised . 
  and , for what it 's worth , i * think * he took the berserker option . 
  for him , it was necessary for roleplaying reasons . 
  his character would n't have chosen the other paths since they seemed too magical , and he 's not exactly a fan of that . 
  i 've allowed my party 's wizard to be a necromancer . 
  why would n't i ? 
  i 'm not some shitty grognard of a dm . 
  he has an interesting character idea that does n't involve him actually being evil . 
  he just wants massive hordes of zombies . 
  ( of course , once he actually starts doing it , the general public is n't going to be happy . ), 
  but still , i definitely agree that it 's probably one of the least popular schools to specialise in . 
  oh wow awesome !, 
  where did they film it , if that would n't be revealing too much private information ? 
  was it actually filmed at mountain view ? 
  i 'd probably do this with charisma ( stealth ) . 
  proficiency in stealth indicates a particularly good ability at all things hiding . 
  so to hide among a crowd , they use their hiding ability along with their social skills . 
  there are a few good responses in [ this thread ] ( / r/dnd/comments / 2u6rfb/skills _ with_different_abilities_5e / ) . 
  i definitely see the wild magic sorcerer talked about way more than the other archetype . 
  i ca n't even remember the name of the other one ... something about dragons , i think ... 
  i 'm currently coming up with a rough table for rolling for race . 
  it 's got all the races released so far on it ( but not subraces ) . 
  still a work in progress , but [ you can take a look here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1m38-n7l1a5xtmzar_qppfen0dtiycib_1ywkxo6j6bi/edit?usp=docslist_api ) if you want . 
  i plan to make separate tables for subraces of each race that has them , as well as tables for background . 
  not class , though , because personally i 'd rather choose the class based on background , race , and randomly rolled stats . 
  personally , the way i think of it is that the stuff you roll randomly for is the circumstances of your character 's existance . 
  the race , their natural tendencies ( i.e. , stats at lvl 1 ) , and their background . 
  from there , the character makes their own conscious choice what they want to do with those abilities ( i.e. , their class ) . 
  i mean , i can totally understand that someone might want to randomly roll for class , but i feel that when you 've got your stats , it 's best if your class is at least somewhat matched up with the stats . 
  if i was going to pick it randomly , i 'd probably make the table up * after * i had already rolled the stats , to match it specifically for those stats . 
  for example , if i rolled high strength , i 'd have fighters and barbarians more likely than wizards and sorcerers , or if all stats were roughly equal , the bard and rogue would probably have the highest chance . 
  oh yeah , totally . 
  that 's how i normally do it , too . 
  but my idea for a completely random character is that instead of assigning stats freely , i would ( in this case only -- as i said , if i actually had a specific character idea in mind , i * would * assign them as appropriate ) assign them in order . 
  the first roll would go to strength , the second to constitution , etc. 
  wow you were n't kidding !, 
  that piece was absolutely excellent !, 
  if you * really * want to close the gap between players , you could try 5d6 drop the top and bottom , or you could do 4d6 drop one * 8 * ( instead of 6 ) times , and drop the bottom and top results from that . 
  it should be the opposite . 
  4d6 drop 1 gives * lower * variance than 3d6 does . 
  in general , if you roll more dice but select * any * specific set of a static number , the variance will decrease . 
  for example , [ 5d6 drop the top and bottom ] gives a lower variance again -- as would [ 5d6 drop the lowest two ] . 
  the difference between those being [ 5d6 drop the top and bottom ] keeps the mean result the same as 3d6 , while [ 5d6 drop bottom 2 ] will significantly increase the mean . 
  there definitely is . 
  in fact , for someone with a little skill at statistics , it 's a really simple thing to do . 
  unfortunately , i 'm terrible at statistics ( i failed my uni course in it last semester ... ) , so i ca n't tell you how to do it . 
  at least not without pulling up a formula sheet . 
  personally i always like to read the wikipedia article about the pieces being performed before i go to a concert -- even if it 's a piece i 'm familiar with . 
  often you can learn some interesting background on the piece and the circumstances in which it was composed , and get some basic analysis of it . 
  i also try to listen to a few different recordings of it on youtube or whatever , just to get some basic feel for the motifs and structure of the piece . 
  definitely not essential , but for me it enhances the experience . 
  wait , in that case , how should i respond to * your * comment ? 
  i feel conflicted . 
  and his support of the actions of the mountain . 
  i found that one myself when i searched . 
  is it the one op 's talking about ? 
  i dunno , maybe -- their post seemed fairly incoherent , so i would n't put it past them -- but i certainly ca n't see anything anti-lefty about that ad . 
  if this theory were correct , australia would have even more of a reputation for being really nice than canada does . 
  but that reputation certainly * is n't * the one australians have . 
  a very nice hypothesis , but i 'm not sure it stands up to testing . 
   duel citizen,
