  unless you want to argue that killing people does n't ruin their lives ( on account of them being dead ) and the lives of people they know ( in which case , just fuck off ) , i 've already definitively proven that religions can ruin lives , which was the original claim . 
  haha yeah , it 's brilliant . 
  does n't even have region locking . 
  just note , times given are in sydney/melbourne/canberra time ( eastern standard time during the winter , and eastern daylight time during summer ) . 
  that 's utc +11 at the moment , since it 's summer , and will go back to utc +10 when they switch back . 
  you can use that to work out when it is for you if you wan na plan something . 
  hmm ... 
  if that 's all it is , maybe i would n't mind . 
  i 'd like to see the exact wording of it , though . 
  do n't think that exists yet . 
  he was found and charged with starting the fire . 
  honestly the only reason i came to the comments was to see if this was mentioned . 
  surprised i had to come this far down the thread to see it . 
  i think it 's a combination of being too small , and the font not being particularly clear . 
  the worst culprits are probably 9 , 6 , & 0 and 7 & 1 . 
  anyone got the time that the episode airs ( in utc , preferably , to make it easy for those of us outside the states ) ? 
  leaves from the vine ? 
  i have n't clicked it , but man , just thinking about that makes me sad :(, 
  i 've just finished my first year at uni ( australia ) doing software engineering , and i 'm planning on taking this . 
  i figure , it 's free , why not ? 
  if i start taking it and do n't like it for whatever reason , there 's nothing lost and i can just quit without harm . 
  apparently my uni 's first year software engineering/computer science course used to work in haskell . 
  by the time i started it last year , they had switched to python , though . 
  it 's tomorrow where i am , too . 
  ( so far east it 'll be the 3rd when the episode comes out . ), 
  that 's the american est you 're talking about , i assume ? 
  the way the hobbit is being filmed is the same as the way they did the lord of the rings . 
  they film all the parts simultaneously , to save on having to go and set all the sets up again after each film . 
  i do n't know if it 's finished filming already , but i would n't be surprised at all . 
  in fact , i 'd say it probably is , and they 're on post-production now . 
  edit : according to imdb they are indeed [ in post-production ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2310332/ ) . 
  was it really a coincidence ? 
  i mean , they wrote and filmed the shows after they knew roughly how long it would be between seasons , surely ? 
  so they probably decided that it would be 2 years in-universe specifically * because * it was 2 years in real life . 
  are you currently enrolled as a student ? 
  if this survey is for `` anyone '' you might want to include an option for `` yes , i 'm a high school student '' , and maybe even `` yes , i 'm a primary school student '' . 
  also, 
   beating the fresher 5 can mean 1 less drink . 
  this does n't make sense . 
  surely you mean `` 1 less drink can help you beat the fresher 5 '' , or something like that . 
  ( oh , and in case any americans see this , `` fresher 5 '' refers to 5 kg . 
  it 's the british and aussie equivalent of your `` freshman 15 '' . ), 
  cheers !, 
   or if you 're from the colonies, 
  as someone from a former british colony , no , fuck that shit . 
  we moved to celsius decades ago . 
  the other guy 's ~ ~ right ~ ~ correct . 
  assuming that `` gatehouse '' is referring to a spiral staircase , they are designed so that a right handed * attacker * is hindered , but a right handed * defender * would not be . 
  so us lefties would have a boost in attacking , but be hindered in defense . 
  i 'm not american , but pretty much the only time i 've heard the phrase used that way was in american tv shows . 
  i 've had it happen with civ many a time , but aoe ? 
  it 's a much faster game . 
  i 've heard a lot of bad things about the prostitution industry in amsterdam . 
  ca n't say i 've heard anything bad from australia or new zealand , though . 
  my parents ' strategy when i was young was simple . 
  before i was old enough to read , they would regularly read to me . 
  once i was old enough to start reading , the rule was that at bed time , i could either go to bed , or stay up for a little while longer reading . 
  what kid * is n't * going to choose to stay up longer ? 
  whoa whoa whoa , hang on a minute . 
  you guys can get civ v and * all * expansions for only $ 20 ? 
  the gold edition alone costs $ 22.50 in aus , and you got ta pay $ 17 on top of that for bnw . 
  the really annoying thing is that steam displays prices in usd , so they make it * seem * as though you 're getting the same deal as the us , but instead you pay as much as twice the price in some cases , * and * get boned by your bank for a conversion fee , too !, 
  so , people have already told you that `` in lieu '' was wrong in this case . 
  i 'll just add that i think the phrase you were looking for is `` in light of '' , which would make more sense here , although it does feel like an odd usage of the phrase to me . 
  the article also has a surprising amount of actual content discussing the show , especially for something from dorkly . 
  not available in vietnam , either . 
  got ta say though , the fact that it 's the * vienna * new year concert , and it 's not available in the country that 's the closest to austria both geographically and culturally , is really weird ... 
  i think this is where we 're supposed to quote about annie 's age et cetera et cetera , but doing that 's gotten kinda old , so i wo n't . 
  and yet you get downvotes from everyone that just blindly hates on season 4 . 
  seriously guys . 
  look at it with an objective eye . 
  it really was n't that bad . 
  take it from someone who saw season 4 immediately after season 3 , due to starting watching only 6 months ago , and thus did n't know anything about the politics involved behind the scenes . 
  it had more bad episodes than other seasons , but it also had fantastic ones . 
  and even if it was that bad , the `` gas leak '' joke is nothing but immaturely shitting on the work of others . 
  it would 've been much easier and more responsible to just ignore it . 
  i like how they were hinting at / r/onetruegod ( or , more specifically , the idea of cage as a god ) in the conversation with shirley . 
  i think the word you were looking for was * objectively * . 
  the only subjective comparisons you can make are ones of opinion , and thus it 's impossible to make a claim that any one season is definitively * subjectively * better than another . 
  and the only way you can objectively judge any film/tv show is on things like plot inconsistencies , certain aspects of cinematography , and certain aspects of acting . 
  i might have forgotten some aspects , but for the most part , anything else is subjective . 
  oh right . 
  i misheard it , thought he said clive owen dummy . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  as someone from australia -- a country famous for extremely tough customs -- i can see why they would be hesitant to allow something like this in . 
  but * destroying * them ? 
  just ... destroying them ? 
  absolutely indefensible and should * never * be done wantonly . 
  hold it in quarantine until the issue can be resolved if there is any * possibility * that it might be okay to bring in , especially if the item is of some value . 
  where does it say that ? 
  if that 's true , it certainly changes things , but the closest i see is, 
   the fresh bamboo canes were seized, 
  and, 
   fresh bamboo is prohibited from entering the united states, 
  neither of which implies that there was `` several feet of bamboo '' there too . 
  it seems to me more like they 're referring to the flutes he was bringing in as fresh bamboo -- incorrectly . 
  not to mention how fucking awful their website is . 
  giant popups explaining how to navigate the site . 
  randomly redirecting to other articles . 
  it 's weird because the concert was in vienna .
