  why the hell would someone talk about the american turkey in a brisbane subreddit , in a thread about aussie wildlife ? 
   it does n't account for the different jobs men and women are likely to take, 
   a large number of men go into stem studies a large number of women go into gender studies or other liberal arts studies that do n't pay as much, 
  this right here ** is ** the problem . 
  that society as a whole discourages women from going into these sorts of fields ; that women are less likely to go for promotion or a raise ; that they are less likely to be accepted for it when they * do * go for it . 
  what this shows up as in the data is `` fewer women do stem jobs '' and `` fewer women are in higher paying positions '' , which results in it seeming like `` yeah , the pay gap should be there '' . 
  but it 's these underlying problems that need to be solved . 
  and that is no easy task . 
   emacs is a great operating system , lacking only a decent editor . 
    thankfully there 's evil mode though . 
  \\* sigh * every fucking thread . 
  tieflings are not normally demonic , they 're devilish . 
  infernal , not abyssal . 
  demonic tieflings do exist , but they are exceptionally rare . 
  what abyssal tieflings look like , i could n't say . 
  guess it 's up to you !, 
  if you 're interested , some more detailed lore follows :, 
  during 3.5 e and earlier , there was a wide variety of tieflings . 
  but right after the end of 3.5 e ( near the start of the long time gap between 3.5 e and 4e in lore ) , asmodeus engaged in a ritual involving 13 tieflings of different bloodlines which resulted in two main things . 
  1 , asmodeus became a god . 
  2 , all tieflings in existence became tieflings of asmodeus 's bloodline . 
  skin between pinkish and full on red , long non-prehensile tails , horns , single-coloured orbs for eyes , etc. 
  they were all made the same , regardless of what they previously looked like . 
  because of this , the vast majority of tieflings today look like the picture in the player 's handbook . 
  most tiefling images online are probably this same type . 
  look for pictures of farideh or havilar for some specific notable characters . 
  however , consensus seems to be that * new * tiefling bloodlines created * since * the apotheosis of asmodeus may look different . 
  this is where the variant rules , including wings or abyssal tieflings , come in . 
  i am not aware of any canonical examples of such tieflings , so we do n't know for sure where they come from , or what they look like . 
  i 'd say it makes sense if you could work with your dm to come up with something that seems logical to you . 
  side note , because of the persecution they face , even standard tieflings might club their tail and chop of their horns . 
  a painful process , but one which makes them stand out less , especially since a lot of tieflings can have rather pale looking skin . 
  yeah that type of tiefling was fairly common before the apotheosis of asmodeus turned all tieflings into the sort seen in the 5e phb . 
  in fact , i believe the tiefling * responsible * for organising the ritual that lead to asmodeus becoming a god -- bryseis kakistos -- had goats ' hooves . 
  yeah tiefling blood runs hot . 
  one tiefling parent guarantees the child will also be tiefling . 
  could you even link your phone ? 
  it 's a bit like when people complain about random numbers having a bias towards some values . 
  a normal distribution is random too , not only uniform distributions . 
  or even some weird distribution , for example one that 's uniform , except for the value 0 having double the probability mass of the rest of the values in the domain . 
  evil mode is vim inside of emacs . 
  vim being one of the other most popular plain text editors out there . 
  yup , indeed there was . 
   are you the arbiter of `` society as a whole '' ? 
  this is a well-known and well-studied phenomenon . 
  a handful of the articles which come up with even a brief search are listed at the end of the comment . 
  your anecdotal experience to the contrary does n't change the facts . 
  besides , ( a ) you 're speaking to women who have * already started studying stem * . 
  the problem stems -- if you will -- from how society socialises women from a much earlier age . 
  and ( b ) these are not conscious effects . 
  just because they do n't wake up every morning thinking `` i need to be more manly so i can fit in '' , does n't necessarily mean there are n't subtle sociological effects at play . 
   if we are going to make a sweeping generalisation about society as a whole i would much rather say that society does n't give a fuck about stem because science is hard and stem is for nerds . 
  since you 're asserting shit without evidence , i 'll counter with some evidenceless shit . 
  we live in the age of the geek . 
  being a nerd is * cool * now . 
  society * loves * stem these days . 
  if anything there might be * too much * pressure on people to go in to stem fields even if they would be better suited elsewhere . 
  also , i want to make it entirely clear that i would much rather we keep the level of discourse civil . 
  i 'm downvoting you because of the bullshit you put in your last paragraph and the personal attack contained within . 
  if you ca n't have a civil conversation , get off this subreddit , because we 're not interested . 
  why was this removed ? 
  i suppose that 's possible . 
  the brimstone angel novels certainly seem to at least strongly imply that it 's a certainty . 
  i was already predisposed to say ruck them because of how they 've ignored and fucked us over in the past . 
  pulling shit like that is certainly no way to win me over as a customer . 
  / u/stolksdorf , this may interest you . 
  hey , reflairing this as `` resource '' , because it 's a brilliant resource that should be easy for people to find . 
   i would like to see your references for `` being a nerd is cool now . 
  society loves stem these days '' . 
  way to miss the entire point , mate . 
  i was n't exactly cryptic about it . 
  anyway , it 's easy to find small issues with individual studies and claim that that dismisses the argument in its entirety . 
  but it does n't . 
  there is tonnes of literature out there that supports the argument , and minor nitpicking does n't change that . 
  perhaps you could try to find some substantive research to the contrary ? 
  or at the very least , a literature review which reaches the conclusion that a significant portion of the existing literature is so flawed as to be able to throw out their conclusions altogether . 
  i will address the most significant of your specific counter arguments , which was the first . 
  if you had read ( or briefly scanned ) the actual study , you 'd note uses two separate sources of data . 
  one which started in 1988 with 8th grade students , and the other which started in 1999 with students entering university . 
   they are always that weirdo in the village, 
  yeah that sort of thing would be quite common . 
  often their birth parents might abandon them in a remote village somewhere or something like that . 
  but there are also small pockets of tiefling communities here and there . 
  you 're just less likely to hear about them because they make for less interesting stories . 
  i 'd be careful using the fr wiki for stuff about tieflings . 
  it frequently seems to be talking about the pre-toril thirteen tieflings , since a lot of the contributors to the wiki are fans of 3.5 e and earlier . 
  any of the history stuff about tieflings is likely to be accurate , but culture and physiology can often be out of date . 
   `` tieflings who had strikingly inhuman features were often killed at birth by their horrified parents or others . '', 
  which does n't make much sense if your parents are tieflings . 
  there are many ways this could come about . 
  an accidental pregnancy from someone who did n't want to bring another tiefling into the world to have to suffer the fate of tieflings . 
  someone with a tiefling lover who did n't realise that their children would also be tieflings . 
  less ... savoury ... circumstances of impregnation . 
  a tiefling bloodline that has been unexpectedly created somehow \\* , or one that has somehow been unnaturally suppressed for a generation , but resurfaces in the following generation . 
  as far as i 'm aware though , the canonical material has said that tieflings always beget tieflings . 
  \\* as far as i know , the details of how tiefling bloodlines are created are vague to non-existent . 
  maybe one parent , or even further back in the ancestry , formed a pact with a devil , or was otherwise entwined with extraplanar creatures , in such a way that meant their bloodline would become tieflings . 
  who knows . 
  edit : ah ha !, 
  i did some googling and found a comment of my own from over a year ago , quoting from the source brimstone angels : lesser evils , by erin m. evans .
