  as for the first part , my understanding of pepparkakan 's comment was that he * was * saying that the government considers you too immature , not that you actually are . 
  he was voicing his interpretation of the government 's stance : a common rhetorical device . 
  could be the same problem if you change ages to 17 and 18 , though . 
  ah yes , i remember now . 
  i remember thinking that there was something fishy about him , but i ca n't quite think why . 
  hmm ... ok , i 'll take a look at the survey , then . 
  done . 
  it was certainly an interesting survey , i just hope my result does n't get thrown out for putting `` shouldnthave toputname '' as my name . 
  couple of tips , i use mac and windows about equally , but there was n't an option to select more than one , so i put `` other '' and wrote both of these in there . 
  also , there was inconsistency with how the survey was structured . 
  when it ranged from a lot/frequently to not much/rarely , sometimes the higher frequency option was the top one , and sometimes it was the bottom one . 
  would be easy to make a mistake and select the exact opposite answer to what you want . 
  hahaha yeah , i did read it carefully . 
  it 's always good to make it as easy as possible to do any survey , though , imo . 
  wow really !? 
  source ? 
  mockumentary . 
  docudrama is like pirates of silicon valley , it 's something that 's based completely on real events but is dramaticised . 
  mockumentary is in the style of a documentary , but it 's not real . 
  ah , very interesting . 
  thanks for that !, 
  haha the comment about using google docs was just a joke , i definitely agree it 's a great way to do a survey . 
  as for the others , considering you put that much thought into the decision beforehand , and it was n't just an oversight , i can definitely support your decision . 
  all in all , a good survey . 
  will we be seeing the results at any point ? 
  you 're the 29th best at being a smokey bear . 
  i agree that some older musicians that have a good reputation had dull moving lyrics , and even that less popular modern musicians have songs with good real meaning behind them . 
  however , i 'd like to see an example of this particular musician 's lyrics that could realistically be emotional enough to move one to tears . 
  i actually realised this right after i said it , but decided not to edit . 
  for me , to actually call them a musician they have to be classically trained . 
  even if they choose to go into pop/rock music , without classical training you 're a performer . 
  edit : i also realised how much you got downvoted for that :o damn , i 'm sorry . 
  it wo n't mean much , but take an upvote from me . 
  hahaha hello !!, 
  you must be my evil twin . 
  do you have a goatee ? 
  cool , i can definitely see how that would , thanks !, 
  the cake is a lie . 
  actually , they 're already in the process of building in a system to do this . 
  it should also ( in theory ) detect copyrighted video that 's placed in a frame ( which currently it ca n't detect ) , and even video on an angle ( within a frame ), 
  does n't matter , they already are . 
  this is a horrible problem , but addressing your first point , they 're already in the process of building in a system to detect reversed image videos . 
  it should also ( in theory ) detect copyrighted video that 's placed in a frame ( which currently it ca n't detect ) , and even video on an angle ( within a frame ) . 
  in theory ( and , * usually * , in practise ) a counterclaim can be made by ninja music dude , and the ads will be removed , or the taken-down video will be put back up . 
  the damage may have already been done , though , especially for timely news-related videos . 
  comes from `` relationshipping '' , and it 's where you support a relationship between two characters . 
  it can be cannon ( what 's accepted as the true story ) , like aang and katara , or non-cannon , like zuko and katara . 
  often ships are named by a portmanteau of the two people 's names . 
  aang and katara become kataang , and my personal favourite , castle and beckett become caskett . 
  shipping can be cannon , to my knowledge . 
  well done , soldier . 
  zutara shippers are truly the greatest threat of this time : way more than equalists , or the triads . 
  yes , but that 's not how they will perceive it . 
  also as new zealand is to australia, 
  that 's completely true , but the theist is n't likely going to make that distinction . 
  there 's a reason, 
  atheists in general have this horrible reputation for being pushy etc. 
  i 'd say an even lower percentage of atheists is likely to push their beliefs than religious people ( and that percentage is probably pretty low ) , but the vocal minority ( such as / r/atheism ) is very vocal , giving all atheists a bad name . 
  does anyone know if the suit was successful ? 
  plus , it 's one of my all-time favourite movies , i ca n't believe he thought they butchered it !, 
  i 'll have to read the book now , i guess ... 
  that 's absolutely true , but i 'm just saying its not how outsiders , especially fundamentalist religious people , perceive the situation . 
  very true, 
  i 'm not saying they should try to please them at all . 
  i just do n't think it 's a good idea to go around giving all atheists a bad name . 
  wow !!, 
  this was amazing !!, 
  i 'm amazed at the quality of the sound , if it really was completely electronically generated , but the composition itself is just brilliant !, 
  i 'm gon na listen to some of your other pieces , and i 've already subscribed to your soundcloud !, 
  i 'm not from the us , so i 'll not comment , but that 's definitely not the perspective i get from a world view . 
  even so , if it 's at rock bottom , should n't we be doing things to prevent it from staying there ? 
  like actively distancing ourselves from `` evangelical atheists '' . 
   you are essentially arguing that you should be labelled ` the atheist extreme ' , and that acceptable discussion of atheism in public be shifted back toward ` none ', 
  nowhere did i imply that this is the case . 
  i thought it was fairly clear that the atheists i was referring to are the ones that go about it in a dickish way . 
  of course there need to be people speaking out to get a particular belief to be acceptable , but i do n't think you could compare the average [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) subscriber to examples of forerunners in other equality movements like martin luther king or millicent fawcett . 
  we need people like this to lead a movement at its outset in order to peacefully bring about equality , not trolls like the stereotypical subscriber to this subreddit . 
  ( and i say stereotypical , because they really are n't all like that , it is again just a vocal portion ) . 
  besides , that whole argument is moot , since you consider that in reality , atheism is generally accepted these days wherever you go . 
  apart from massive outliers ( indonesia comes to mind , as do some [ southern ] us states ) , atheism is actually accepted by the majority . 
  not necessarily believed in , but accepted . 
   an openly atheistic candidate stands essentially zero chance of being elected to high office in the us, 
  i agree that you 're absolutely correct in this . 
  however , let 's be honest , they clearly do n't care enough about this fact to not elect someone who 's widely believed to be a closet atheist . 
  i can assure you that it is accepted not only in europe , but every developed country with the * possible * exception of the united states . 
  then again , the us does have a habit of being different . 
  even many developing countries accept it ( i live in vietnam , and it is accepted here ) . 
  no other developed country has any * attempt * to teach intelligent design in schools . 
  most other developed countries have decent gay , women 's , and other rights . 
  this * is * acceptance . 
  this is undebatable . 
  what is debatable is the extent to which it is accepted in the united states . 
  you make very valid examples of practises in the us of the separation of church and state being removed , and of schools teaching unscientific ` theories ' in science classes . 
  while i accept that this does happen more than it should , i 'm sceptical about just how much it really does happen . 
  i feel that it only makes the news when it happens : the tens of thousands of schools ( at least ) where this does n't happen never get mentioned . 
  i 'd want to see some valid statistics ( broken down by state ) , before i accepted that as fact . 
  i guess i made two points here : 1 ) i am doubtful as to exactly how accurate your description of the situation in the us is , and, 
  2 ) it is ** you ** that needs to * pay attention to what is actually going on * in the world , as opposed to just your back yard , hey . 
  if you do n't kill him , the greybeards will continue to help you find new words of power , plus by meditating on one of the three words with him ( including yol ) , you can make that shout more powerful . 
  if you do kill him , you get to join the blades .
