  you only need slightly more than half the people to vote for you in half +1 of the seats . 
  he 's really not . 
  he would have almost certainly gotten voted in regardless of whether or not we had compulsory voting . 
  if anything , compulsory voting tends to get more left wingers out to vote than otherwise , since lefties are more likely to be dissillusioned by the political process and just not bother voting . 
  the question then is * which * proportional system ? 
  personally i detest mmp and other systems which formalise parties in the system itself , but many people love those systems . 
  my favourite proportional system is the one currently in use by the australian senate , which is described in a way that could be easily implemented in the lower houses in australia , britain , canada , or even the us in [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  but some people complain this system is n't proportional enough . 
  moving to av is something that everyone can agree is a good idea , and it 's therefore comparatively easy to do . 
  when people all want a proportional system , but disagree on the * type * of proportional system , you 're much more likely to see any vote on it fail . 
  the same effect is a big part of why australia 's last republican referendum failed , and likely played a part in the no vote winning for scotland 's independence vote . 
  the point of my comment was n't necessarily to actually provide a commentary on the different options themselves so much as it was to describe how because the debate exists , it will be very hard to get * any * of these used . 
  av , on the otherhand , is a much smaller step , but also has next to no serious competition , and thus is relatively easy to change ( as far as changing voting systems goes , anyway ) . 
   but i 'm guessing we 're oriented towards 4/4 being the basis for everything thanks to jazz, 
  interesting theory , but i * think * ( could be completely wrong here ) that germans and french were using `` quarter note '' etc. 
  ( except in their own languages , of course ) well before jazz was around . 
  here 's to us , i guess . 
  just gon na point out that the guy above was talking about approval voting , which , which it has the same initialism , is n't the same as alternative vote . 
  it 's a much simpler system that works well for smaller votes among groups of people , but imo does n't scale especially well and is a poor system for voting elected officials . 
  just gon na point out that av typically stands for alternative vote , which is an entirely different ( and superior ) voting system than approval voting -- which is great for small-scale things like deciding where to eat , but is n't a great system for electing officials . 
  alternative vote is what we were referring to earlier in this conversation when we used av . 
  i partly suspected it might have something to do with the ports or something , but i 'm really not sure . 
  i 've only got one port forwarded at the other end , the one i put into cyberduck when setting up the connection . 
  and no ports forwarded at my end ( not for this purpose , anyway ) . 
  i was wondering if maybe some other ports need to be forwarded that her used on the sftp download process . 
  but then , i got the files to be able to download in lftp just fine , so i 'm not so sure any more ... 
  wow that story was ... absolutely incredible . 
  and as far as i can tell , it has n't been submitted here before . 
  you should consider submitting it . 
  needs to be, 
  1 hour `` do n't put the space in '', 
   really ? 
  anecdotally , i 'd say the middle of the road classical radio station i have on right now is far more likely to play debussy than bartok, 
  that 's / u/brocket66 's point . 
  when he says `` goes further '' , he 's talking about coming from the other direction . 
  not liking debussy goes further than most anti-modernists who might not like composers like late stravinsky , bartok , or copland . 
  to be fair , 4 is one of the ones he missed off in his first paragraph . 
  4 , 5 , 7 , and 10 . 
  it was only in the second paragraph that he singled out 5 and 10 . 
  you can get the same functionality really easily using chrome 's omnibar , and even firefox can do it , though firefox makes it ridiculously difficult to get working . 
  not as good , since that will not handle disambiguation and missing minutiae in the wikipedia titles . 
  for example , `` the flash ! w '' on ddg takes me straight to the wikipedia article titles `` flash ( comics ) '' . 
  the top result on google for `` the flash '' is the article i actually want , `` the flash ( 2014 tv series ) '' . 
  friday afternoon where i am . 
  chrome definitely does n't require more keystrokes . 
  i have wikipedia set to `` wp '' , but could equally use just `` w '' if i wanted . 
  typing `` wp google '' into my omnibar takes me to the wikipedia page about google . 
  does n't require the site to be in my history , though if you reset * all * the browser data , i image that would also remove your saved search engines . 
  but really , that 's your own fault for being stupidly paranoid at that point . 
  but really , all of this is moot . 
  the point is that for most people , none of these options are going to be easy enough that they 'll use them . 
  google works stuff out without needing the user to do advanced things , ddg does n't . 
  really , if they just made '' ! w '' equivalent to `` site : en.wikipedia.org '' on the main ddg page , rather than actually taking you to `` http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%s '' , that would solve the problem beautifully . 
  the act also legalise marriage equality , before having it quickly overturned by the high court ... 
  yeah i feel the same way . 
  but not just death penalty , it 's that , plus guns , plus the ridiculous levels of patriotism , plus the horror stories i 've heard about their airports , plus tipping culture , and a few other things i ca n't think of right now . 
  it 's a real shame , too , because most of the americans i 've met have been great people , and there are some fantastic things to see and do in the country . 
  but there are just too many reasons to avoid the place . 
  i 'm not a lawyer and i do n't have a clue what the legal situation is here . 
  but i will say that i would be * very * surprised if there 's a law * against * you using the footage . 
  that is , if you were to ask , i do n't think there would be a legal reason that they could n't willingly give it to you , if they want to . 
  so really , there 's probably no harm in just asking them for it . 
  they might refuse , but then you 'd still be in the same situation you are now . 
  nothing to lose . 
  edit : whoa , how is this controversial ? 
  all i 'm saying is that there 's no law against going up to a person and asking them for something . 
  am i wrong about that ? 
  nobody 's bothered to correct me if so ... 
  no , some people do n't deserve the death penalty . 
  guns make the country a much less safe place than otherwise , and have very little practical use . 
  patriotism is a scourge on modern society . 
  it 's the root cause of a huge number of social problems . 
  other places have bad airports , but nobody ( or nearly nobody ) has the stupid level of security you guys do , with strip searches , and needing to take off your shoes , etc. 
  nowhere else has the same tipping culture , where it 's considered rude * not * to tip , rather than being a nice thing to add on extra . 
  it 's not legal advice . 
  that 's the point of it . 
  i was merely suggesting he go and ask someone nicely for something . 
  that can not in any way be construed as legal advice . 
  well , i mean , when you hold an opinion that has been demonstrated time and time again to be wrong , the downvotes seem somewhat less harsh . 
  but i get your point . 
  i do n't care about the overall karma . 
  i just like my individual comments to get upvoted because then more people are able to see that comment . 
  it 's not any one of the things above . 
  it 's all of relatively the little things added up . 
  serious question , what do you actually get for levels higher than 8 ? 
  is there any actual bonus , or is it just bragging rights ? 
  i 've mostly been retired since before they added in the extra levels . 
  they 're both things that i see as bad about america . 
  they 're certainly not on the same * level * , but that 's exactly why i included it . 
  to show that there are a large number of different factors , some of which are far more significant than others . 
  thank you . 
  it 's not legal advice , it 's just person-to-person advice . 
  like if i was advising someone in a relationship subreddit or an employment subreddit or something . 
  i stayed at ih for my first two years of uni . 
  i would certainly highly recommend it . 
  you 'll be in a great environment where you can easily meet a heap of people , including aussies , other americans , and people from a bunch of other places . 
  if you 're in to sports at all -- even if you 're not actually very good -- or cultural activites ( music , drama , etc. 
  ) , there are great opportunities for those . 
  plus , the convenience of having food made for you , and of living so damn close to uni , is just great . 
  especially if you 're on exchange and want to make the most of your time here .
