  you can have voices like contra-bass was my understanding . 
  contra - [ one of the satbs ] . 
  haha yeah , that 's why i made such a point of saying `` written english '' . 
  / r/ibo is , as far as i know , aimed at anyone in any level of ibo education , but seems mainly to be people doing the diploma programme ( taken in the final two years of secondary education . 
  in america i believe they call this juniors and seniors ) . 
  note that you can also do certificate in those final two years , which allows you to pick subjects without having to fulfill those specific requirements ( groups 1 -- 6 ) , and without doing the core ( ee , tok , cas ) . 
  there 're probably a few certificate students on the subreddit , but it is mainly diploma as far as i can see . 
  ho chi minh city , vietnam !, 
  the problem is that heavy consequences discourage people from eventually admitting that it was n't rape . 
  the example of it being police going to her because of holes in her story would n't he affected , but in the op it seems to be voluntary . 
  if she had known she would get prison for 2 years , would she have come forward ? 
  what about if it was 10 ? 
  the problem is that heavy consequences discourage people from eventually admitting that it was n't rape . 
  the example of it being police going to her because of holes in her story would n't he affected , but in the op it seems to be voluntary . 
  if she had known she would get prison for 2 years , would she have come forward ? 
  what about if it was 10 ? 
  i thought it was some weird property of potassium hydroxide that i could n't think of ... 
  i 've also heard this . 
  had someone tell it to me once , never seen any more reliable sources . 
  that was my thought , too . 
  i 'm hoping op has also found some large other source ( s ) of people more likely to be religious . 
  that said , perhaps op is looking to do religious beliefs * of reddit * . 
  saying what religion you `` officially '' belong to is a stupid and pointless question . 
  religion is not something you join , it 's something you believe . 
  one does not `` officially '' belong to a religion if they do n't believe it , even if they 've been baptised . 
  i answered catholic for that question anyway , since the question specifically mentioned baptism . 
  it 's the op . 
  he 's planned this post for three weeks . 
  tatto\u00f3s, 
  dude , its two . 
  my god this is absolutely amazing . 
  would you mind if i used this as a wallpaper ? 
  you do n't have to post a photo at the same time it 's taken , remember . 
  my head hurts . 
  damn ... interesting thought . 
  yeah . 
  there was a big kerfuffle a little while ago about it because at a screening of some example shots from the film it apparently did n't look too good . 
  25 if you 're european , ( most ) asian , or australian . 
  yeah ... 
  am i the only one that think what they use as a * code * name should be irrelevant ? 
  surely if it 's an internal codename then it should n't matter . 
  actually it 's apa . 
   ^ just ^ more ^ quietly, 
  unless they 're american . 
  could be europe , africa , or asia ( but not likely east-asia ) . 
  it 's really weird for me to think that there are people more than 15 hours behind myself ... 
  yeah , i 'd say europe 's the most likely , too . 
  i 'd say people are probably downvoting you because your comment seemed kinda ignorant . 
  i figured it was better to actually give an answer rather than downvote for no proper reasaon . 
  i figured out what `` recent '' meant , too , but it 's much less obvious than `` former '' . 
  i had to reread it a coupla times before i got it . 
  my mum used to call my gameboy a playboy & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  in the hour since you posted that comment , [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/1067g1/i_run_an_atheist_facebook_page_and_was_asked_this/c6atgrz ) has been moved to the top place comment . 
  the pool is in the basement . 
  there are no stairs to get down there . 
  yeah , i get that , but i still do n't think that should matter from a legal perspective . 
  in a similar vein , i think microsoft wo n't suffer ( and if they are , * should n't * suffer ) any legal penalties because of the codename metro for their new ui , which they have now said should n't be used as if it 's an official name ( even though most journalists that i 've heard from have continued to use it , anyway ) . 
  that 's exactly right . 
  noah collected 100 % of all the animals created by god , and put them into a boat . 
  it is different , because you can order the iphone online if you want it that badly . 
  i dunno , maybe you could n't back in the first few gens ( i dunno if they had it for preorder online back then ) , but now you can . 
  you 'd probably get it later than the ones lining up from now , but the ones at the back of the line would probably still get it later than you . 
  did n't this used to have a link we could press in case of an error ? 
  you linked a macbook pro , not a mac pro . 
  because carrying one around on a laptop is a pain . 
  besides , for the average purposes ( i.e. , documents and browsing the web ) , the mac trackpad is actually far * more * useful than an average mouse . 
  you might want a mouse for more detailed stuff like editing photos/video/audo , or for gaming ( yes , you can game on a mac , not full hardcore gaming , but there 's a decent selection ) , but you 're not going to be doing that all the time . 
  hell , i even use the trackpad most of the time for video and photos , and i 've played portal 1 and 2 on my mbp with the trackpad ( q and e replaced the mouse buttons ) . 
  hey just curious , do you push or tap the button ? 
  i just find it interesting . 
  i 've actually got tapping to click turned off , because i find it a pain , but most people i know leave both on . 
  i know one person who gets angry at me for pushing the button on theirs . 
  ( i ignore them , because i 'm using their computer to help them with some tech stuff , and if they want my help they can live with it , but still ... ), 
  it 's one more thing to keep track of and possibly lose . 
  besides , every time i or my family have ever had a mouse that we took with us , it 's broken in a very short time . 
  mouses just are n't great for travelling ( and yes , i 've used `` travel '' mouses ) . 
  edit : not to mention , any mouse that small is going to be terribly uncomfortable to use . 
  perhaps more comfortable than most touchpads , but less comfortable than the mbp touchpad . 
  actually , no , it 's not . 
  clicking with two fingers , anywhere , is much easier than going down to the bottom and pressing the dedicated right mouse button , especially if you 're sitting in a less than normal position . 
  i find the trackpad much easier to use than the controllers on xbox and ps3 ( for fps-type games ) . 
  that said , i do most of my gaming on my windows-based desktop , with a mouse . 
  in fact , i 've just paused my game of deus ex to have this conversation . 
  so much this . 
  i was the huggest apple hater 5 years ago . 
  when i first used one , in an eca at school on 3d modelling , i was not totally convinced , but i realised at that point that i could probably come to like it . 
  i said at the time , that i could never come to totally prefer it , and i still stand by that . 
  these days , i ca n't imagine not using both regularly . 
  edit : the hug stays . 
  haha , i know what you mean . 
  it 's not terribly difficult on a normal one , just not * quite * as nice . 
  you do n't have to move your hand from the exact position it was in already . 
  what * is * terribly difficult on most touchpads is dragging things . 
  smaller mouses break easily , can get lost easily , and are less comfortable than a large touchpad . 
  haha yeah , probably . 
  i guess i just like the tactile feedback of pressing it . 
  plus , i often tap on it when i 'm deciding what i 'm going to do , or when i 'm just thinking . 
  accidentally going random places would be a nuisance . 
  to each his own , i guess . 
  as a pc gamer , i just want to say , i 'm typing this on my mbp while running deus ex on my windows desktop , and i absolutely love having both of them .
