  i also tried resetting bios to defaults , as well as changing some of the settings as described in the op . 
  thanks for the help . 
  i do n't really understand the problem . 
  it looks like you 're trying to watch a video that has a 1.777 aspect ration on a screen that has a 1.25 aspect ratio . 
  even if you only had one screen , the video would have to have black bars , because the content simply ca n't fill the required space without stretching horribly . 
  i would have ignored this , but you asked for corrections , so i thought i 'd point out that your first sentence should have said `` the main one is bigger and its resolution is '' . 
  no apostrophe in `` its '' when referring to possession . 
  `` it 's '' means `` it is '' . 
  yeah , it 's a popular american brand . 
  well-known among those non-americans who have tasted them for tasting like shit compared to other major brands . 
   and make the popcorn extra salty, 
  sure , this 'll help them sell more drinks , but it also makes the popcorn taste better , so i 'm happy for that . 
  also my experience is that cinemas are usually way too cold , the exact opposite of what you said ... 
  i 'm not that knowledgeable in the area , but my feeling would be that this would work just fine for your phone , but might damage the external battery . 
  not to mention kinda defeating the point -- at least to me -- since you no longer have the advantage of not needing to carry a battery pack . 
  according to the bios , the model number is dg31pr . 
  i see `` xd technology '' as an option , and it 's enabled . 
  i could n't find anything about dep or nx , though . 
  a quick google and the only thing i could find regarding the mobo 's support was from [ here ] ( https://communities.intel.com/thread/33509?start=0&amp;tstart=0 ) , saying it 's end-of-lifed and does n't have support for windows 8 . 
  does that mean it 's impossible for me to get windows 8 onto this computer ? 
  ( are third party drivers an option ? ), 
  i did n't try that yet mainly because according to some of the specs i 've seen , it 's too large for a dvd ( five point something gb ) . 
  but i 'll give it a go now , just in case . 
  updated : did not work . 
  an update : i tried that , and it has the same problem . 
  yeah . 
  i was there on holiday when it happened , and it was weird to hear on the trains frequent announcements reminding people to stay out of the sun and drink lots of water . 
  here in australia that stuff would be taken for granted . 
  you two should grab reddit is fun . 
  so much nicer ( imo ) , and it 'll remember your place for * weeks * . 
  even as you click on multiple links , it keeps the history of the previous ones you 've visited in the chain . 
  ( if you press the `` back '' button to go back , that 'll remove the history . ), 
  ah so it does . 
  very clever . 
  oh yeah , it 's totally understandable , and it makes complete sense . 
  it just stood out a bit from what i was used to , living in australia and vietnam . 
  how is that not illegal ? 
  yeah as far as i know it is . 
  i used alienblue on my ipod touch before i got a smartphone , and loved it . 
  it had some advantages over rif , but some disadvantages . 
  i ca n't remember what they were specifically , though , since it 's been so long since i used it . 
   crashes and missing features, 
  it does look interesting , but i 'll probably leave it until it 's a bit more complete and stable before i take a closer look . 
  how 's it go with features like editing comments , viewing subreddit sidebars , and `` load more comments '' ? 
  australia network ( an international australian-based channel currently run by the abc ) is being completely shut down :(, 
  because then they were n't colonised by a foreign power any more . 
  as / u/worfldorf said , it 's classical liberalism . 
  in practice , what it means is that they are economically `` liberal '' . 
  that is to say , their economic policies are right wing : in favour of removing government intervention in the economy . 
  they share this in common with the libertarian movement , although they are also a socially conservative party , while libertarians are at least socially liberal . 
   you swipe right to view it, 
  oh man that 's an awesome feature . 
  it 's so annoying to get to this in rif . 
  if i was in this thread here , would that work , or do you have to be directly in the subreddit ( i.e. , at reddit.com/r/todayilearned works , but not reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/25xiqq/til_in_2013_a_heatwave_of_86f_killed_760_people ) . 
  to clarify the loading comments thing , what if there are replies to a parent comment that get hidden because reddit only displays so many ? 
  can you load those ? 
  australia 's debt is amazingly low on the world scale . 
  but that is still one of the * huge * arguments the liberals make to justify their horrendous policies . 
  they keep talking about how their last government left australia with a surplus ( it was an absolutely tiny one , only a few hundred million , iirc edit : 20 billion , according to / u/weeniedachsund ) , and then labor went and wasted it and put us into enormous debt . 
  of course , it * is n't * enormous debt . 
  it 's a fucking minuscule amount . 
  labor and some left-leaning media sometimes bring this up , but the liberals always dismiss it . 
  unfortunately enough people eat up their bullshit that they got into power . 
  yeah that gets annoying . 
  i usually just hide the keyboard to fix it , though . 
  i 'm a bit confused what 's funny about that ... 
  that is the worst . 
  especially when it * tells * you it has n't sent it , so you send it again . 
  an hour later you 're on your desktop and you realise you 've sent it half a dozen times . 
  yeah , i 've had that happen a few times . 
  * usually * it remembers your comment and you can just try again without having to retype , but occasionally that fails and you ca n't help but completely rage quit . 
  i 'll take your word for it , since i 'm having trouble finding good sources . 
  yeah i 'll give the update a try . 
  i 'm not too confident it 'll work , though , an you say . 
  how exactly does one go about updating the bios ? 
  i 'm looking at [ this page ] ( http://www.intel.com/support/motherboards/desktop/sb/cs-022312.htm ) . 
  would using the `` recovery bios update '' method be the best ? 
  using windows 7 might be problematic . 
  i got win8 through dreamspark , which unfortunately only lets you `` buy '' ( for free ) one copy of windows . 
  i used that copy on windows 8.1 , and now that 's been used up . 
  still , i 'm sure i can get around it if it 's completely necessary . 
  and yeah , i agree though . 
  i might have to look into getting a new pc a couple of years earlier than i had otherwise planned . 
  thanks for all your help . 
  holy fuck . 
  in summer it reaches literal boiling ( of water ) temperatures where you are ? 
  ( but i 'm guessing that yeah , it almost never reaches mid-thirtees in most of the uk . ), 
  here in australia that 's when i start wearing jumpers . 
  it 's up now . 
  do n't be in a hurry to watch it , though . 
  it 's really frustrating . 
  they gave him incredibly soft questions , and he was able to present it all exactly how he wanted to . 
  the question in the op is the only real hard hitting one from the audience , and tony tried to push him to comment on the possibility of a double dissolution after a complete dorothy dixer from some old out of touch conservative . 
  wow cool !, 
  actually looks a lot better than any that i 've used so far . 
  will definitely give it a go once some of the bugs are resolved . 
  i just googled it . 
  london is apparently at around 50 \u00b0 n. for comparison , new york city is only at 40 \u00b0 n . the closest major us city i could find was seattle at 47 \u00b0 n. 
  ( for what it 's worth , this was surprising to me , too . 
  i would have thought london was roughly equal to ny . ),
