  the problem is they just do n't want to . 
  economic freedom is more important to americans ( as a whole , obviously not every single one of them ) than personal wellbeing . 
  it 's why libertarianism seems popular there , but is almost unheard of elsewhere . 
  it has already been demonstrated to work in many other countries . 
  the burden of proof is on you to demonstrate why it * would n't * work in the us . 
  and simply stating that it could n't work because the us has 400 million ( gross overestimation , by the way , it 's only a touch above 300 , not that it really matters ) is not a reason . 
  the us already has a massive economy with which it could fund these sorts of policies . 
  not only is it the largest in the world ( edit for clarity , largest * gross * in the world ) , but it is significantly above australia and the uk in gdp * per capita ppp * , both countries we 've already demonstrated get education and healthcare * right * . 
  i have my uq mail set up so that it automatically goes into my gmail . 
  i can also send from my uq mail from within gmail . 
  works perfectly , and i never have to deal with the pain that is outlook/exchange . 
  android already works perfectly with gmail , so if you do the above , you 'll be able to access your uq mail on android . 
  as a side note , assuming you 've got the servers etc. 
  all correct , one sticking point is the actual email address . 
  there seem to be dozens of possible addresses that all work for receiving mail , but do n't work very well when trying to connect to the wifi on campus or when trying to access your email . 
  so try all combinations of firstname.lastname@, studentnumber@, studentid@, etc. 
  and @uq.edu . au , @uqconnect.edu . au , etc. 
  that you can think of , until you get one that works . 
  i can help with anyone with questions about the uq colleges , particularly ih . 
  also first year engineering , particularly software . 
  yeah that 's what 's really annoying . 
  a whole heap of them work for receiving emails , and when you send emails from the website , the one the recipient sees it as being `` from '' is n't ( at least i do n't think it is ) the one that you need to use to connect mail clients . 
  this is one thing that i think 's brilliant . 
  the us could cut its military spending by one tenth ( or even a quarter ) and still be massively above any other country in the world , and have enormous amounts to spend in other areas of the economy . 
  you 've definitely got the right impression . 
  it 's extremely friendly and accommodating to basically anyone . 
  whether you 're the sort of person who likes partying and getting drunk , or prefer to stay back and have a quiet night playing video games and watching tv . 
  you technically have total freedom . 
  the only thing that there might be a little stigma over avoiding is the `` fresher dance '' , but quiet honestly , you 're totally free to participate or not in absolutely anything . 
  nope . 
  just so long as you 're quiet if it 's late , you can come and go as you please . 
  engg1100 's pretty easy really . 
  just make sure that both yourself and your team are putting in the effort and it 's hard to get less than a 5 . 
  not difficult at all to get a 6 or 7 . 
  the caveat is , obviously , the fact that you * do * need to make sure that everyone in the team is doing what they need to . 
  if someone is n't pulling their weight , do n't play nice , be tough on them . 
  math1051 is hard . 
  really , really hard . 
  i got a 5 at ib maths hl ( a tad harder than queensland maths c ) and failed first semester . 
  but it 's not impossible . 
  it 's really easy to not put in enough work , and to * feel * like you understand the material when you do n't really . 
  if you * do * put the work in and have an understanding of what 's going on , it 's not too hard . 
  i did both 1051 and 1052 second semester and got 5s in both , while doing 5 courses ( the norm , obviously , being only 4 courses ) , in addition to good grades on the other 3 courses . 
  you just need to do the work . 
  go to all lectures , or watch them online afterwards . 
  never miss a lecture completely . 
  go to as many tutes as possible , and try to do assignments by yourself rather than relying on a study group . 
  if you can do that , you 're golden . 
  sorry , have n't taken any thermo or stats/dynamics . 
  from those that have taken them , i 've heard they 're very tough , but it does n't seem to me that they 're as bad as 1051 . 
  extra note , be prepared to find out just how awful of a course engg1200 is . 
  it 's not hard per se , just really badly organised . 
  the food 's alright . 
  you 'll probably find at first that it 's good but not great , but over time you 'll start getting sick of it , because it 's a little repetitive and bland . 
  hope that helps . 
  if you 've got any more questions do n't hesitate to ask !, 
  hmm fair enough . 
  i 've never found lastpass 's interface on the desktop to be too bad . 
  it 's definitely not elegant , but it 's also a hell of a lot better than some of the other tools out there ( i 'm looking at you , keepass ) . 
  that said , trying to access the lastpass website on my phone is absolutely awful . 
  they obviously want you to pay the subscription to get the mobile app , but i 'd still wish the web version was at least useable in a serious way . 
  as it is , you can use it if you really have to , but it 's only a touch above completely unusable . 
  damn , that 's impressive . 
  just glancing at your submission history i 'm assuming you 're german ? 
  here in australia it 's still about $ 4,000 per semester . 
  it 's just that you do n't have to pay it off until you 're actually working ( and the loans are at 0 interest -- but indexed to inflation ) . 
  they 're not right for professional level grand piano tuning . 
  that is n't a very helpful thing to look up . 
  the top results i get are the chinese language , a marvel villain , and the citrus fruit . 
  edit : just did a [ wiktionary ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/mandarin ) search for the term . 
  that was better . 
  a pedantic or elitist bureaucrat . 
  ( often pejorative ) a pedantic senior person of influence in academia or literary circles . 
  ( informal , uk ) a senior civil servant . 
  so that helps . 
  on a very related note , thanks for this !, 
  it helps me understand the latest iron man movie so much better . 
  if that 's the case then why the fuck did n't op just take a screenshot, 
  there 's a big difference between a hard rock band and a virtuoso pianist in terms of the type of sound . 
  but the important difference is actually that in a piano every single note needs to be tuned , rather than just a few . 
  the issue comes from the use of equal temperament rather than just temperament or well temperament . 
  that was exactly what i was thinking too . 
  her cleverness in how she made those sounds with her voice and objects found around the room is exactly what you 'd expect of a good foley artist . 
  especially since the client said how it sounded like she was really doing it . 
  but the best sound for any particular piano in any particular room is not going to be the same , and is not something a computer can compute . 
  good tuners use slightly off equal temperament to suit the conditions . 
  i 'll definitely pay more attention to this next time , but i ca n't say i really noticed any problems with staves last time . 
  i was mainly using fire , though . 
  so if that had the least problems then that could explain why i did n't have any issues . 
  * 2.6 ghz i7, 
  * geforce gt 650m, 
  my biggest reason for liking best is that while top has a tendency to show comments that were posted earlier -- meaning latecomers who had a lot to add are not as high as earlier ones -- best helps bring great content to the top , even if it was posted later . 
  dude what ? 
  you might disagree with him , but fucking read what he says . 
  it 's a completely reasonable attitude to take , and is not anything close to trolling . 
  what 're sneans ? 
  many questions in this were badly worded and seemed to be leading the respondent to an answer . 
  you should allow more nuance . 
  for example , people might believe in internet privacy , but accept that in some circumstances it makes sense to curtail it . 
  your survey forced someone who believes this to write in an `` other '' answer .
