  sounds very cool for shouts . 
  ca n't say it seems like it 'd be as useful for other purposes , though . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll take a look at the video . 
  god will only heal you if you take medicine , because it is his will that you do so . 
  yeah , i guess that sounds like a legit argument . 
  in case it was n't obvious , i was being sarcastic in my previous comment . 
  my job here is done . 
  ( oh , and sorry :p ), 
  even in america , where i assume he 's from , 18 is legally an adult for all purposes apart from alcohol , as far as i know . 
  asking people to be 21 because he wants `` adults '' seems arbitrary to me . 
  that said , he also says he wants at least a few over 26 , so maybe it 's just about getting as old a population as he can . 
  - ichael gallagher . 
  i agree . 
  this is what i thought he was talking about when i read the title . 
  even the original series , hardly anyone here seems to call it avatar : the last airbender . 
  it 's usually just tla . 
  even the name of the subreddit is that . 
  i know when i first saw the show on tv , i never called it `` the last airbender '' . 
  to me , it was always just `` avatar '' , and always will be . 
  plus , i hardly think james cameron can claim any sort of ownership of the name avatar . 
  not only is it an english word ( [ you know , in that big book of words ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/avatar ) ) , but surely because of the original series , the name has prior art ? 
  the sad thing is , that actually was a working title at one point ... 
  i read somewhere that it was because they took it as a poor rip-off of anime . 
  pssh ... like this show could be ranked down with that genre . 
  ( sorry if that offends any anime fans . ), 
  if you 're saying that because it 's locked on to the foreground , i think that was an artistic choice ... 
  the arrows are meant for a master airbenders . 
  what would be cool is if , once they master airbending , avatars of other origins get the tattoos . 
  i 've never fully understood why they do n't ... 
  but what if the `` critter popping up '' was n't really at random ? 
  plus , there 's nothing wrong with using autofocus . 
  professional photographers use it all the time . 
  my main reason for suggesting that this may not be an accident is simply that the couple kissing whilst out of focus actually looks really nice . 
  the plants make a nice frame . 
  i agree that that would probably look nice , too , but i doubt that it was the intention . 
  check out [ the photographer 's website ] ( http://www.mcookphotography.co.uk/blog/pre-wedding-shoot-gallery/ ) . 
  his photography seems too good for this to have been an accident . 
  it 's way too easy to get the couple in focus . 
  simple single-point autofocus ( the most common way autofocus works if in any of the psam modes ) with the centre focus point selected would have put them in focus correctly . 
  he 's asking for height in feet and inches . 
  it could only be american . 
  i agree it should be more clearly specified , seeing as there are so many different types of football . 
  association , american , australian , gaelic , not to mention that both the types of rugby are types of football , too . 
  so would a bad atheist . 
  i suppose you could say a bad atheist is an atheist who is a bad person ( i.e. , a douche ) , and a good atheist is one who is generally a good person . 
  if you took that explanation , then a good atheist perhaps would be one that is skeptical . 
  that would involve saying that being sceptical is part of being a good person , but if you accept these two premises then your original statement would be correct ( albeit for the wrong reasons ) . 
  one of my favourite fallacies !, 
  ah , no , i understand what you 're saying completely . 
  in order to be a `` good '' x , where x is a position or belief you hold , you need to have good reasoning for why you hold that belief . 
  i was simply providing an alternative interpretation for `` good x '', 
  ah , cool . 
  i actually really like the photo , although it seems to be highly compressed , and the watermark is annoying . 
  i assume that you were/will be given a higher quality copy without the watermark ? 
  i think i 'd be kinda disappointed if that were the full quality of photo i got at my own wedding . 
  nah , it 's his latent racism . 
  why else would he start seeing white everywhere ? 
  coolio, 
  i agree so much . 
  both my parents are teachers , and the profession in western countries is so under-appreciated . 
  luckily , we moved overseas when i was 10 where they taught in ( and i went to school in ) international schools . 
  not only are the teachers given so much more respect by students and parents , the curriculum for students is so much better than what i 've heard about the british and american systems . 
  i think another enormous problem is admin staff , principals etc. 
  who have been removed from the teaching profession for so long that they 've lost touch with what it 's like , and make poor decisions because of it . 
  both in terms of how they treat the teachers and the students . 
  i know this is the case in my school , where we have a principal and a head of campus who are both looked upon very poorly by the staff and students . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  it definitely is a difficult job . 
  what frustrates me , and causes me to lose all respect for them , though , is when they flat out refuse to listen to one ( or multiple ) sides of the argument when they are required to sort out a problem . 
  yeah , that certainly is an interesting and somewhat worrying trend ... 
  well said . 
  in fact , i think that last sentence can apply to nearly any situation . 
  you sure finale ca n't do pizzicato , tremolo , etc. ? 
  that seems like a pretty basic feature to me ... ( sibelius user here ), 
  still , i 'd be interested in seeing a score , too . 
  it sounds like a really cool piece , but i 'd like to be able to follow along to feel how it should really sound . 
  there you go , done . 
  nicely done survey , imo . 
  since he brought it up , i always find it odd when 18 is grouped with 16-18 . 
  18 is , for most purposes , considered an adult , so to me it makes more sense to group it with 18-20 , or 18 - [ something larger than 18 ] , rather than the opposite . 
  your survey is n't the first one to have done it , which is part of what makes me confused . 
  who was this guy ? 
  i 've not seen anyone make that claim . 
  wow , that 's some real old-school xkcd . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  why does this survey require my full name ? 
  or any part of my name , for that matter . 
  it was my understanding that surveys are generally supposed to be anonymous . 
  i find it funny that you use a google service for a survey about social networks , including google + . 
  still , good survey !, 
  only problem , the very last question i wish i could select more than one . 
  also '' * which of the following is most important to you when using a social network ? 
  * '' , and i wish i could say none for the question about extra features ( like games ) . 
  this is a major problem with politics . 
  especially in america , but not exclusively . 
  stupid laws stay in place because the people they effect ca n't ( or wo n't ) vote . 
  children in america are treated basically like property , and once they 're able to fix it , they just give up and say it does n't matter , because they are n't affected anymore . 
  under 21s ca n't drink , and only 3 years of people can vote but not drink , so not enough pressure is given to fix this bizarre law . 
  ( this would be better if they had compulsory voting , but you wo n't find too many people arguing in favour of that . ),
