  be careful with this one , it might be against fire regulations . 
  the one thing i 've learned from this thread is that most universities ( or at least universities in the us ) are organised * really * badly . 
  at my university ( in aus ) every course must have an electronic course profile , and there 's a link to that profile on blackboard . 
  the ecp contains , among other things , a list of all required pieces of assessments , their weighting , and a rough overview of what is required in each of them . 
  they add you as friends on facebook , or invite you to a closed facebook group/page ? 
  [ here 's a link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rollercoaster_tycoon#development ), 
  i had a first year software engineering course that was mostly great . 
  the lecturer taught material at a good pace for students with no experience , and we had two assignments that were at an achievable difficulty level . 
  my only problem with it was that in order to get a 7 ( maximum grade ) , you had to complete an optional third assignment , the task for which was to simply create a programme . 
  no specific task , just an interesting programme -- written in python ( the language this course was taught in ) -- that was at a sufficiently high level . 
  i had almost zero programming experience prior to taking the course ( i did about half of an online course in python half a year earlier ) , but i was interested and decided to go along to the sessions he had specifically for assignment 3 people . 
  it quickly became clear to me that without extensive previous programming experience it would be impossible to complete the assignment and get a top grade . 
  so i gave up and got a 6 in the course . 
  really disappointing that a course designed for beginners would be structured such that you ca n't get a top grade without previous experience . 
   you learn by ... watching others code and explain themselves, 
  this is more or less what the lectures in my first year software engineering course * were * . 
  the lecturer would briefly explain what a certain thing was , and then demonstrate it with code while explaining how it works . 
  i do n't know of anything more recent that 's similar to omnibus , but [ bernstein 's lectures at harvard ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3hlqcho08s&amp;list=pl592ca03875fd8e2e ) ( link to first video , in a playlist of all of them ) are absolutely incredible . 
  they 're a lot more intensive than omnibus , but well worth it if you 're interested in classical music . 
  for something more recent that is more about teaching an [ introduction to music theory `` musi 112 : listening to music '' from yale ] ( http://oyc.yale.edu/music/musi-112/lecture-1 ) ( there 's a lot of these , i 'm only up to 14 because i 've been going through them rather slowly ) . 
  also worth making sure you 've seen all of the omnibus videos , since i do n't think they 're all on youtube ( at least , i could n't find them all ) :, 
  * beethoven, 
  * conducting, 
  * grand opera, 
  * jazz, 
  * modern music, 
  * musical comedy, 
  assuming this is a 12 year system ( so ib in 11 and 12 ) , and you 're sitting exams in may , cas is only applicable from june in between year 10 and 11 . 
  ( i may have the month wrong , but that 's the gist of it . 
  there 's an exact month shortly before the start of school where you can start cas from . ), 
  who did you get for your supervisor for playing guitar to your dog ? 
  i could have counted the time i spent practising music . 
  i did n't , because i managed to get something like 40 hours in the first term of ib ( thanks in no small part to the 48-hour film project ) , so i did n't really need it . 
  you really can count nearly anything as cas , so long as you can find someone to be your ` supervisor ' for it ( ca n't be family , but does n't necessarily have to be supervising as you actually do the activity ) . 
  ooo yay . 
  and it 'll ( of course ) by google translate , too . 
  so much better than bing translate that 's used on facebook ... 
  nah , the term ` guy ' can be used in a gender-neutral way . 
  i know i use it as such all the time . 
  something that may interest you , the wikileaks party is running for election to the senate in a number of australian states . 
  when they announced their preference deals ( a quirk of the australian implementation of the stv voting system ) , there was controversy as they did n't give preferences to parties that most people would consider to have similar values . 
  they gave no reason for it , and did it basically completely behind closed doors . 
  they 've also had at least one of their candidates announce resignation because of internal problems . 
  no , it is n't irrelevant . 
  using the correct gender pronouns is , because gender is n't tied to your legal name , however she does have a legal name , and unless she 's changed it that name is bradley . 
  i would n't consider it * wrong * to call her by her chosen name , but it is n't wrong to use the legal name either . 
  by the way , as far as i can tell , elton john 's name has been legally changed . 
  gaols are gender-segregated , yes ? 
  i 'm curious , which one will manning go to ? 
  like i said , there 's nothing wrong with using their chosen name either , but i see no reason that someone should be reprimanded for calling someone by their legal name . 
  it is actually theoretically possible to form government with a little over 25 % of the popular vote . 
  if you win just over 50 % of the votes in just over 50 % of the seats , bam . 
  unlikely to ever occur , and i do n't think that 's what happened here when newman was elected , but it is possible . 
  urgh , i used the wrong word . 
  criticised would 've been a better fit . 
  actually , that is n't as simple as you 'd think . 
  for example , what about people who actually go to the extent to get a sex change . 
  their chromosomes do n't change , but would you still refer to them by their birth sex ? 
  perhaps you would argue you should , but how about people with chromosomal abnormalities ? 
  for example , xyy syndrome , and the other four ones mentioned [ in the `` see also '' section of this article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/xyy_syndrome ) . 
  yes he is ( suggesting that ) . 
  it 's a popular opinion around here . 
  the reason the opinion can stand is because in comparison to the woz and gates ( who he is most often compared with ) , his technological skills were n't all that great . 
  but comparing his knowledge to two of the best is , of course , an unfair comparison . 
   command functions arbitrarily distributed, 
  you do n't , because that 's not what ribbon does . 
  it puts functions together based upon what the user is going to want to use them for , and it does an * incredible * job at this . 
  for word and powerpoint especially , it is a massive improvement , surfacing features that were once hidden and buried , and making it much easier to get to the things you want to use . 
  should it be * everywhere * ? 
  sibelius ( a musical notation software package ) did it , and in my opinion it was absolutely awful there . 
  as for the menu system , opqdan summarised it brilliantly . 
  you simply should n't have to go through a barrage of menus and submenus to get to the application you want . 
  something like alfred on the mac is my preferred way to get to applications , and from what i 've heard ( my desktop pc is still on xp ... ) that 's kinda how it works in win8 . 
  you press the windows key and just type what you want . 
  that is virtually the definition of good design . 
  not the ribbon itself , but fitting with the general design style of the operating system is a very good thing . 
  i 'm talking in a more general sense here , not only your comment above , but a lot of comments in this thread . 
  i agree completely , just explaining what i think is the most common perception among the unfortunately rather large anti-apple parade . 
  the last time i considered someone 's location ? 
  earlier this month , when i called my parents who are overseas . 
  i get ' $ 100 ' worth of international calls a month on my plan . 
  no way i want to go over . 
  that 's the service part of cas , but you should be doing action ( including but not limited to sports ) and creativity ( e.g. 
  playing music , acting , painting ) . 
  cars just hate everyone . 
  they ( as a group -- i 'm sure many individuals do n't fit this ) are self righteous and feel as though they are entitled to not ever be inconvenienced by others using the road . 
  pedestrians , cyclists , even other cars . 
  and do n't forget cops . 
  the amount of bad words i 've heard about cops enforcing speed limits is ridiculous . 
  i do n't know about your area , but those very likely are not ` most ' . 
  they 're just the minority that you notice the most because good cyclists do n't attract attention very often ( the exception being if they take up a lot of space for safety , which has been discussed in other parts of this thread ) . 
   i ca n't tell you how many times i 've seen a back-up at an intersection , and a bicyclist will pop up on to the side-walk and ride through the pedestrian cross walk, 
  what the fuck is wrong with this ? 
  i 'm terrified of right turns across traffic . 
  in fact , i 'm terrified of any time i need to move away from the left edge of the road . 
  so more often than not , if i need to turn right i 'll pop up onto the path and wait for the pedestrian crossing lights to go green , and cross that way . 
  it 's much safer and completely legal . 
  what have you got against it ? 
  yeah same . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard it said out loud before .
