  [ relevant ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/the_2de74d_2130342.jpg ), 
  `` faster than a speeding bullet '' is pretty literal , really . 
  at least , i 've never heard it used to mean anything other than go very fast , but particularly in relation to superman , who was supposed to literally be able to travel faster than a bullet fired out of a gun . 
  not to mention , there 's nothing to say that they write music down in anything similar to the way western civilization on earth does . 
  i think you misunderstand me . 
  i was explaining to algernon why you may vote liberal even though you are socially libertarian . 
  no worries, 
  except screenshot is a compound word , made of `` screen '' and `` shot '' . 
  shot , when taken as a verb , is already in the past tense , so if you want to use screenshot as a verb , it 's in the past tense . 
  the present would be screenshoot . 
  i think they 're different types of tenses that are both in the present . 
  i do n't know which one is * the * present tense . 
  standard conjugation :, 
  i shoot, 
  you shoot, 
  he/she shoots, 
  we shoot, 
  but then , of course , `` i am screenshooting '' also takes place in the present , so i dunno . 
  haha no worries . 
  when people study english , it 's usually referring to literature , which is completely different to this . 
  that 's studying written works ( e.g. , books , plays , poems ) and analysing them . 
  no , both are correct . 
  much nicer group organisation ( g + 's circles are so much easier to manage than facebook 's lists ), 
  uploaded photos are n't ruined as much . 
  i also find the display for photos just look nicer . 
  that new event feature, 
  yeah . 
  i 've heard a lot of people say that people like you ( and i , since i agree with you completely ) are '' * using it wrong * '' ( sound [ familiar ] ( http://www.ttech.it/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/iphone-4-antennas.jpg ) ? 
  ) , and that it should be used to find other people with similar interests who already use g + . 
  you know what i think of that statement ? 
  i 'll use my free social network account however i damn please . 
  i like using facebook to connect mainly to people i know in real life , as well as following famous people and brands . 
  that happens to be a method that i like , and that 's what i want to keep doing . 
  if my friends were on g + , then i would use it a lot more myself , because it 's more fun that way . 
  my thoughts , too . 
  i think the circles are just an amazing feature . 
  they work so much better than lists on facebook . 
  for messaging my friends and i all use skype . 
  its im abilities are really simple , but really nice . 
  i used to despise facebook 's im feature , but since they integrated it with the messages , it 's not too bad . 
  true , in general . 
  thanks for calling me out on that . 
  i 'd say the best thing to do is use common sense . 
  in this case , i think most people would agree screenshotted just sounds kinda wrong , so we should n't use it . 
  i thought so , too , but if he 's right and that 's not the case , then i 'm really disappointed in google . 
  that seems a massive oversight : you should at least have the option . 
  i 've been told many times by both strangers and people that i know that i look like harry potter . 
  the most memorable was one time getting drinks at a movie theatre , the girl working there was laughing and saying `` oooh , harry potter ! '', 
  ( this is in vietnam . 
  it also happened a few times when i was living in korea , too . ), 
  yeah , they looked really cool when they announced it at i/o , but unfortunately i 've never actually gotten to use it . 
  nice try , mi5 . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i 'm gon na have to try harder to get my friends to give it a go . 
  ah ok , thanks . 
  i 'm guessing his stuff is a bit beyond the level i took tok at ( part of the ib diploma ) . 
  this is a really really interesting theory , but i 'm not quite sure how it holds up . 
  the clarinet overblows at an octave and a 5th when playing in the chalumeau register . 
  in the clarino register it overblows at a 6th ( skipping the 4th , and adding a major 3rd on ) . 
  when you go higher again , the overblown note intervals shrink again . 
  as far as i can see , the idea of parallel fifths being wrong only explains why vibrato is a bad idea on the clarinet in the lowest register . 
  in addition , i 'm not sure this theory makes sense to provide an argument against diaphragm vibrato , which afaik does n't vary the pitch of the sound ( which would be what causes the parallel 5ths ) , but the strength or dynamic . 
  ( i could be ** very ** wrong on this point , my understanding of diaphragm vibrato is extremely limited . ), 
  it should also be mentioned that some people believe old clarinet greats like richard muhlfeld and anton stadler used vibrato , so the lack of vibrato may be a more recent development . 
  what is subtoning , exactly , if you do n't mind my asking ? 
  any phone . 
  alien blue does n't display superscript . 
  plus most people go out to fancy restaurants after midday . 
  if you 're proud you phrase it in a way that is n't arrogant . 
  you say something like `` here 's a painting i made that i 'm really proud of , i hope you guys like it '' . 
  what is that ? 
  thanks . 
  i found it about a month before my ib ( secondary school ) exams ... 
  i first saw it when it was fourth on my homepage . 
  i just checked , and now it 's first . 
  that really makes me feel good , for some reason . 
  4320p is a heap more than 4k . 
  the 4 in 4k refers to horizontal resolution , so it 's approximately twice 1080p ( 1920 x 1080 ) , where 's 4320p refers to the vertical resolution . 
  i imagine it 's more or less the same as the way phones are going . 
  i 'm not going to work out the maths of it , but there 's a certain resolution that is the maximum the human eye can resolve . 
  at the distance of a phone it 's approximately 300 per inch , for a tv that people have 3 + metres away , it will be a lot lower . 
  i do n't know for certain , but i 'm guessing that larger tvs have n't reached that point yet , so 4k may be appropriate . 
  4320p probably is n't , though . 
  edit : if you 're interested , the formula to work out the maximum * angle between pixels * for it to be a true * retina * display is, 
  sin \u03b8 = 1.22 \u019b / b, 
  where \u03b8 is the angle ( in radians ) from pixel a -  your eyes -  pixel b ( adjacent to a ) , \u019b is the wavelength ( in metres ) of light coming from the display , and b is the distance from you to the tv . 
  you would obviously have to work out the distance between the angle by first working out the distance between the pixels , based on the height of the tv and the total vertical resolution ( or width of tv and horizontal resolution ) . 
  just an fyi , the g for giga and m for mega should be capitalised . 
  it 's not quite so important for giga , but a small m means milli . 
  yeah , 100 millibits per second . 
  that 's around one bit every 10 seconds , or 80 seconds for a single byte . 
  another mistake people seem to be making is writing megabits per second as mbps . 
  it 's mbps . 
  mbps is millibits per second , which would mean 10 seconds for a bit , and 80 seconds for just one byte . 
  yeah , no kidding ... 
  i found this guy because of his '' [ defending beethoven ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjct5m8jzl4&amp;feature=plcp ) '' video , and then stuck around for the series on sibelius 7 . 
  really great videos . 
  technically you 're supposed to be 13 to have a youtube ( or any google product ) account . 
  certain countries have higher requirements , but the worldwide minimum is 13 . 
  so , no , there are n't people from 2003 that can * legitimately * go and comment on youtube , but of course people bypass that all the time .
