  as sextangles said , you can always just use pdf . 
  i do n't agree with his reasoning , but it 's true that pdf always works . 
  in addition , musescore can export music xml files that can be read in sibelius , and ( i 'm assuming ) finale . 
  when you say scroll view , are you referring to panorama mode ? 
  or is it something else that i ca n't think of . 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  yeah you can continue with the current version , but it wo n't keep up with the times . 
  in 4 or 5 years it will be horribly out of date , and newer versions ( if there are any ) will not be as good as what was produced by the original dev team . 
  yeah definitely . 
  if i were to recommend my parents a smartphone , it would have to be iphone . 
  i did , into both / r/games and / r/gaming, 
  in games it got voted down to -3 , and in gaming it was down to 0 . 
  i have no idea why they decided they did n't like it , but they did . 
  i prefer aoeui, 
  so is sibelius , really . 
  i know there are specialised programmes for getting the sound out of an electronic score , but i just do n't want that much effort . 
  regarding the soundfont , i 'm specifically talking about the ones that come with sibelius ( something like 30-40 gb in sib7 , or around 4 gb in sib6 ) , compared to whatever sounds either come with musescore or can be easily downloaded and added to it . 
  possible , very possible . 
  my first thought was just that she 's so horrible she drove them both to suicide . 
  not quite the same thing . 
  it has n't made that much of a difference on the mac . 
  sure , it 's a heap better than it was before , but nowhere near the improvements i was expecting . 
  i also hope steam will catalyse more games on linux , but i doubt it will make as much of a difference as many are hoping . 
  it made a great difference in the mac , but nowhere near what many had hoped , and that 's a platform with a great deal more users , and users who ( at least stereotypically , if it 's not actually true ) are more willing to pay for their stuff . 
  edit : by the way , you should check out planetary annihilation . 
  it 's reached its funding goal on kickstarter , and is on its way to some really cool `` stretch goals '' . 
  it 's planned for all three pc operating systems . 
  how do you sign in ? 
  so people should be free to download music without paying the musician , or films with paying the cast and crew ? 
  i do n't think you fully understand how horrible the implications of what you are suggesting are . 
  that said , people should be absolutely free to do whatever they want themselves with what they have purchased . 
  without drm or restrictions , and for those that pirate for this reason i have nothing but respect . 
  you definitely should n't have had to pay more for a left-handed acoustic guitar . 
  you should 've just bought a right-handed one and restring it . 
  acoustic guitars are ( to my knowledge ) symmetrical apart from the strings . 
  also , if you 're only playing pop or rock music and the like where it 's mostly strumming and some simple picking , you actually have an advantage being left handed and playing it strung for a right hander . 
  it 's when you play spanish guitar style with complicated picking that you need to have it strung left handed . 
  and do n't forget that in many sports , lefties have advantages because our opponents are n't used to it . 
  fencing and boxing are the best examples , but i imagine many other combat sports are similar . 
  for me , it 's :, 
  golf and batting ( both cricket and baseball ) , right -- bowling/throwing balls , left -- musical instruments , always how they are normally played ( i.e. , right ) -- cutlery , firmly left ( i make a point of switching the knife and fork over at the start of the meal ) -- mouse , right -- writing , left -- catching , both hands but maybe a little better with left . 
  oh , and take a look at / r/lefthandproblems, 
  so brave, 
   the downvotes are merely there to show how many people disagree with the comment, 
  i think what we need is a way to fix this . 
  somehow force people to use the downvote button how it 's meant to be used . 
  not because you disagree , but because it does not contribute to the conversation/debate/argument . 
  i ca n't think of a good way to implement this , but i think that 's the idea we really need . 
  but does n't that imply people do n't care so much about their karma , but the number of upvotes on that particular comment/submission ? 
  i like the idea , but how would it work ? 
  how many flags would be needed , how would you prevent abuse of the system ( youtube comments have upvote and downvote options , but you frequently see the `` report spam '' abused to simply hide unpopular opinions , for example ) ? 
  would people see that others had flagged it ? 
  it 's a great idea , i 'm just wondering if you can flesh it out a little . 
  for me lol one key to the left would be rar . 
  i kinda like that . 
  what would be the two paragraph summary of this essay ? 
  should we be excited by the title , or is it hyperbole ? 
  1 ) about 6 months, 
  2 ) green as summer . 
  also , 39 + is respected elder ? 
  hahaha, 
  3 ) tough one , i 'm going to go with / r/feedforward . 
  it has n't done much yet , but if it does it will be really fun . 
  4 ) all the time . 
  as far as i understood it , the 1st and 2nd rules are for / b /, 
  5 ) a post on / r/askreddit ( i think ) about what two superpowers you would have , all of which had some drawbacks to them . 
  one of these was called `` happy '' , where you go to a location with a being that can change into anything you want it to , and will do whatever you say . 
  a few users came up with a really cool little story based around this idea . 
  i always have so much trouble with this . 
  a suppose it 's a site where people share links and posts with others , categorised into different topics ( or subreddits ) . 
  people can choose to subscribe to their favourite subreddits to get the content that they 're most interested in . 
  7 ) i 'm sure it has one , but i do n't really know about them . 
  that child porn subreddit was removed before i started using reddit , though i 'm sure there are other similar ones that i do n't know , or want to know , about . 
  8 ) changed me ? 
  not really . 
  i suppose it made me realise people can be intelligent on the internet , which rarely happens on youtube comments , and is a complete miracle on 9gag ( which i frequented before i found reddit , and hated the whole time i was there ) . 
  just in case you did n't see , other replies to his comment are disputing the fact that there are n't premade coasters . 
  by the clock tower ? 
  the original , long , version is far better in my opinion . 
  a tourist in vienna is going through a graveyard and all of a sudden he hears some music . 
  no one is around , so he starts searching for the source . 
  he finally locates the origin and finds it is coming from a grave with a headstone that reads `` ludwig van beethoven , 1770-1827 '' . 
  then he realizes that the music is the ninth symphony and it is being played backward !, 
  puzzled , he leaves the graveyard and persuades a friend to return with him . 
  by the time they arrive back at the grave , the music has changed . 
  this time it is the seventh symphony , but like the previous piece , it is being played backward . 
  curious , the men agree to consult a music scholar . 
  when they return with the expert , the fifth symphony is playing , again backward . 
  the expert notices that the symphonies are being played in the reverse order in which they were composed , the 9th , then the 7th , then the 5th . 
  by the next day the word has spread and a crowd has gathered around the grave . 
  they are all listening to the second symphony being played backward . 
  just then the graveyard 's caretaker ambles up to the group . 
  someone in the group asks him if he has an explanation for the music . 
  `` i would have thought it was obvious '' the caretaker says incredulously . 
  `` he 's decomposing . '', 
  you can kill nazeem . 
  ah , yes . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  and remember , go [ here ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sh/j4rlizk7fw3qykq/5rtgi7mp32 ) for the link to the music to use . 
  and go [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/feedforward/comments/xf7e8/mixing_time/ ) to see the rules regarding how to do your mix .
