  and they claim to be a developed modern country . 
  the japanese denial of the nanking massacre , and similar treatment in korea and other parts of china during the '30s and '40s , is really not so different from the turkish denial of the armenian genocide , or modern neo-nazis denying the holocaust . 
  it 's perhaps less in scale than those , but it 's not enormously different . 
  i 'm not trying to defend china here . 
  they deserve every bit of criticism levied at them in this thread . 
  but using * japan * , of all nations , to try and defend them feels hypocritical . 
  even vietnam , which was not so long ago at war with the us and had china aiding them at the time , is today more closely allied with the us and its allies than with china . 
   that 's the designers , flooded with questions , remembering that `` it works because of the rule that somatic components can be performed using the same hand as material components '' and denying the antecedent to incorrectly conclude that without a material component the focus ca n't be used to perform somatic components . 
   that 's not what the written rules say, 
  edit :, 
  also , if you look at that response , he does n't say `` this is clearly what 's in the rules '' , he says `` i 'd say '' , which is a clear indication that he 's not trying to make a raw judgement . 
  huh . 
  i guess that 's another way in which 4e was better than previous editions , then . 
  it seems a bizarre way to split things up . 
   netlflix , stan , and epl cost me $ 20 a month combined, 
  how ? 
  netflix costs a minimum of $ 9 , although if you want 720p ( and why would n't you ) it 's $ 12 . 
  stan is $ 10 , so that 's already $ 19 or $ 22 . 
  i do n't know how much epl costs because i do n't watch soccer , let alone some other country 's domestic league thereof , but i 'd be ** amazed ** if it 's $ 1 per month . 
  edit : just saw the bit about epl being free on optus . 
  is that what you 're referring to ? 
  i guess that makes sense and it 'd get your cost down , but that 's ignoring the cost of optus itself & mdash ; and you can get the same service for less than * half * the price if you go with an optus reseller rather than directly through optus , so it 's disingenuous to claim it as `` free '' . 
  instead , it 's worth whatever the price differential between yomojo/vaya/amaysim / whoever and optus is . 
  that 's what 's it 's meant to be , but in reality it 's more like soccer . 
  ah that 's interesting . 
  i did n't pick up on that when i first watched it ( after all , i 've seen dozens of youtubers who take classical pieces and put them on guitar or do a `` metal version '' or whatever ) , but now that you mention it that does seem rather obvious . 
  i found it especially striking that they started by saying its main feature is being `` played powerfully and by improvisation '' , and then proceeding to do exactly not that . 
   4e was different from previous editions , not better, 
  i did not say that it was . 
  only that this is is one particular way that it was . 
  and i would argue quite strongly that in this aspect , it * was * better . 
  druids being `` divine casters '' makes no sense . 
  they do not get their power from the gods , they get it from nature itself . 
  splitting everyone who can cast spells into two groups is extremely problematic . 
  where , for example , does a vampire 's magic come from ? 
  they have a sort of magic that * feels * distinct from arcane or divine , and while i can see a justification being made for either of those , it feels a little forced . 
  saying they draw power from the shadowfell or from some more general `` dark source '' is a lot cleaner . 
  and of course rangers \\* and druids do n't even come close to being divine , so having something that 's `` nature '' makes sense and can only be beneficial . 
  it 's only a flavour thing ^ \u2020 anyway , so changing the text to have flavour that makes more sense can only possibly be a good thing . 
  regarding which gods lived and died , i do not care either way . 
  neither is necessarily better . 
  i only know that they used the deaths of a couple of them to forward the story they wanted to push which , whether the story itself was for good or ill , was a neat technique . 
  the death of mystra justifying how magic changed , and the death of azuth explaining asmodeus 's apotheosis and the end of the blood war , for example . 
  i prefer the 3x3 alignment matrix of older editions and 5e , but 4e also brought something beneficial to the table , which is removing the mechanical importance of alignment , something 5e also adopted . 
  but neither of those are really relevant , because i was very specifically talking about one aspect , and that 's the power sources , where it just makes more sense . 
  \\* 4e obviously had rangers as martial , not primal , but i think if 5e kept everything else about the class the same , but introduced more power sources , 5e 's rangers would be primal . 
  it 's down to a difference in flavour between the two versions of that class . 
  ^ \u2020 again , obviously in 4e it did have some mechanical impact , but not a lot , and i 'm speaking more about if it were brought into 5e in the same way the distinction between divine and arcane currently is apparently just a single sidebar . 
  the goals are the entire coloured bit at the end . 
  * it 's a free flowing game , instead of being cut into `` downs '' or even into looser segments like between tackles in the rugby codes . 
  * you can pass in any direction , at * any * time . 
  * you 're noticeably slower while in control of the ball . 
  * there 's only one rather simple way to score , instead of a collection of substantially different ways worth substantially different amounts . 
  you 've got a cap and a raptor worth 1 or 2 . 
  no touchdowns worth 6 , conversions worth 1 , field goals worth 3 , and safeties worth 2 . 
  * a successful tackle results in the ball changing hands immediately . 
  but really , the second and third bullet points are the most important . 
  everyone can spread out all across the field to take up space as they want , and the person with the egg can choose to pass it to whoever seems like they 're open , regardless of where they are in relation to them . 
  if a tackle or intercept happens , the game continues from that point without pause . 
  what does it have in common with gridiron ? 
  * i mean , there 's an end zone in place of a goal , i guess ? 
  that 's about it . 
  it 's got only the most superficial similarities to gridiron . 
  afl would probably be the second closest sport i can think of , the biggest difference there being marks and the fact that you are n't slowed down very much by carrying the ball . 
  or possibly hockey , i do n't actually know enough about it to be sure . 
  i just explained exactly why you 're wrong . 
  you got a counter argument or you just being obstinate right now ? 
   there 's a two piano transcription of bol\u00e9ro, 
  just ... * why * . 
  i 'm completely serious . 
  i thought my argument was honestly pretty self-evident to anyone who 's played more than like , a minute of eggball . 
  i used to mean the former , but now i mean the latter . 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's an amazing piece . 
  but it 's amazing because of its orchestration . 
  there are some pieces for orchestra which would still be great on piano . 
  beethoven 's symphonies , for example , have some fantastic transcriptions done by liszt ; not * as * good as the original , but still great . 
  bol\u00e9ro , though ? 
  it 's the way ravel plays with the colours of the orchestra that make it so awesome . 
  strip that away and it 's a pretty good melody of like 16 bars played on repeat for 14 minutes . 
  that 's why it makes a good power source of its own . 
  it should n't be divine because it 's not actually power coming from a god . 
  druids do n't get their power from the d&d equivalent of gaia , like silvanus or chauntea or whatever . 
  they get power from the essence of nature itself . 
  the phb might misappropriate the term `` divine '' , but at best , quasi-divine would be more appropriate . 
  there 's a deep power in nature , but it 's not itself a god , and thus it 's a separate power from the divine . 
  why would i spend $ 100 + on a new 1080p monitor when i already have two perfectly good monitors in 1600x900 and 1280x1024 , plus a laptop screen that 's 1440x900 ? 
  the benefits of it would be marginal at best , and that money can be better spent elsewhere . 
  sure , if you were buying a brand new monitor today , you 'd be nuts to get a lower quality one . 
  but why would you seek out a new monitor when your current one works perfectly fine ? 
  it also kinda makes you feel a little more sad for him knowing he lost his collection during the sundering . 
  it kinda goes to explain why he became so weirdly attached to her in the later books . 
  her performance of it might have as much emotion in it as the musescore playback does , even !, 
   just asked for help in identifying something, 
  yeah that 's just a different type of request , both of which are allowed only in the arcana forge megathread . 
  for real though , this does look * exceptionally * difficult to play . 
  not impossible , but unnecessarily difficult . 
  even just those octave semiquavers and semiquaver-triplets are super easy to write in , and on wind or string instruments would be easy to play , but they 're very difficult on piano . 
  in fact , i 'm seeing a lot of writing in this that feels quite idiomatic to string writing , but is rather unpianistic . 
  have you considered arranging this for a string ensemble ?
