  or , and here 's a really novel idea , you could * not * speed , and then never have to fear getting a speeding fine . 
  well , that 's what he asks for , but his comment implies they refuse the offer and remove the stickers . 
  awesome , thanks . 
  that worked perfectly . 
  to paraphrase discussion from the cortex podcast , email is a really personal thing and people all have their own very peculiar requirements for how it should work . 
  there 's a market there for an enormous range of heterogeneous email applications , because everyone will like and dislike different particular things about each one . 
  the gold standard that a lot of people work towards these days -- and obviously you 're not one of them , which is why google 's inbox does n't appeal to you -- is `` inbox zero '' . 
  the idea that you should keep your inbox to contain zero emails . 
  immediately upon checking them , you take some action , be it archiving , replying and archiving , or sending it into the future to be dealt with at a more appropriate time . 
  google 's inbox is designed to help achieve inbox zero , so if that paradigm does n't appeal to you , it 's dead in the water for you . 
  but a hell of a lot of people * do * like working that way , so it 's not dead i nthe water over all . 
  healthy people also take less time off work , and therefore contribute more to the nation 's economy . 
  for these purposes , number of speakers who are international tourists in the world . 
  and that includes second or more language speakers , not only first language or native speakers . 
  surprisingly , you really do need unicode for it . 
  \u00ae and \u00a9 are in extended ascii , but \u2122 is n't . 
  he was luckily stuck in the right gear to be sprinting in . 
  oh , right . 
  i missed that . 
  this particular story is utter bullshit . 
  i do n't think anyone is really taking it seriously . 
  the stories of sightings in cape york peninsula are a long shot , but at least somewhat possible . 
  ( note , this story is about the yorke peninsula in sa , not cape york in fnq . ), 
   researchers in tasmania have recently gotten funding for camera traps , and they will likely be the last team to get any funding to find them if they do n't find any trace of them , as they are being very comprehensive with the cameras and tracking, 
  was n't there just recently some reported sightings in cape york peninsula in fnq , where some studies that were already going to go ahead in the region have decided to add looking for thylacines to their goals ? 
  nonsense . 
  it 's crop * and stretch * !, 
  specifically , it 's called * apparent * magnitude . 
  for reference , the brightest star in the sky normally is sirius , with an apparent magnitude of \u2212 1.46 . 
  venus is the brightest planet , at \u2212 4.89 . 
  the moon is a whopping \u2212 12.7 . 
   it 's still gambling , even when the house has an edge . 
  yes , it is . 
  it 's * also * still gambling when the player is able to get the edge . 
  mr stravius 's comment implied it was not , so mr spiders used a counter example to demonstrate how ridiculous that notion is . 
  if that work reeks of naziism , then heil hitler !, 
  the last few moments of the ave formosissima , right up to the first beat of the o fortuna recapitulation , is some of the most chilling in all of music . 
  the fucking korean government is literally retarded when it comes to the internet . 
  * literally * . 
  mathematicians frequently use the range n_1 \u2264 x_1 < n_2 , which matches well with how things are usually thought of in natural language , and also stacks well with n_2 \u2264 x_2 < n_3 , etc. 
  no no , remember . 
  * muslims * are the hateful and dangerous ones in society . 
  the two tables on the left are standard ascii characters . 
  available in 7 bits . 
  the table to the right is extended ascii . 
  you may also be interested in [ this race ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/vydfopkag ) . 
  it 's a 5e conversion of an official 4e race called the vryloka . 
  a vampire theme without being a * true * vampire . 
  i do n't know if this is possible . 
  sibelius has long had a rather awkward time dealing with triplets . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` other '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if they were smart instead of obstinate , they 'd fuck right off with anything software based , except maybe the stuff dealing with their note pen . 
  serve out nexus-like devices with their own top notch hardware . 
   if only they cared half as much about making a better software product than google, 
  i think they * do * care . 
  they * want * people to like their software . 
  they just do n't recognise that they are crap at it and are ** never ** going to be * able * to compete properly with google . 
  frankly , it would be better for them and a lot better for their customers if they just gave up , and put their excellent hardware in combination with google 's excellent near-nexus software . 
   do you type with a dvorak keyboard layout ? 
  yes . 
  why do you ask ? 
  it takes a month or two of casual practice to relearn , and it ends up being vastly better in terms of ergonomics , speed , and enforcing true touch typing . 
  it 's also completely in software , and so you can change it quickly on any computer you use , and change it back before you leave . 
  so the analogy does n't work there at all . 
   in fact it 's really only common place on modern grand pianos, 
  i ca n't remember the last time i saw a digital piano without a sostenuto pedal . 
  maybe those really shitty small ones that you can carry around , but proper digital pianos all have it . 
  i 've probably seen more grand/baby grands without sostenuto than digital pianos . 
  what exactly is so bad about the arkenstone theory ? 
  with [ this response ] ( https://scifi.stackexchange.com/a/45847 ) as context , what aspects of the theory make it completely worthy of dismissal like those other ones ? 
   it assumes that ... entwives does n't just refer to female ents but a separate type of creature altogether , which i do n't really think there is any basis for in the text ,, 
  really ? 
  i have always , even as a kid , been rather confused by the manner in which treebeard talks about the entwives . 
  he really does make them sound like a significantly different creature . 
  everything about his description makes them seem completely foreign . 
  not that i ever thought they actually * were * a different species . 
  i honestly never knew what to think about them . 
  he described them as completely foreign , but that never made sense with my existing assumptions of how species and reproduction work . 
  so i just assumed they were in some way tree-like . 
  i have n't actually read the above thread yet , but in principle it may not he too bad i think . 
  at the very least , i find the specific argument against it that you made to be extremely poor . 
  this makes me so glad to be in a country that does n't allow that kind of bullshit fucking over of consumers . 
  you put the actual amount people are going to pay for a thing on the fucking item . 
  it 's not their job to work out how much tax they 're paying , it 's yours . 
  tax rate and requirement to include tax are two utterly unrelated things . 
  gst in aus is 10 % , and we still do n't allow stores to lie about the price of stuff they sell . 
  angry 's system is one that 's good at doing what it does . 
  some people might like it , some might not . 
  mearls ' system is just bad . 
  they seem very similar , but the differences that are there make a huge difference . 
  to start with the least fundamental change , mearls gives movement a cost ; angry does n't . 
  this is a mistake both in terms of gameplay and flavour . 
  for flavour , it means that you are only able to catch up with a retreating opponent if you specifically plan ahead to do so . 
  this does not match up with reality , where following an opponent on the move is perfectly instinctive to anyone with an ounce of training . 
  for gameplay , it means that if they are in melee with an opponent and that opponent decides to run away from them , they now can do literally nothing on their turn . 
  they chose to make a melee attack , but there is nobody in range . 
  and they are now being artificially restricted from moving to a target to attack them . 
  but that 's an easy fix . 
  you could keep the system exactly as it is , but drop the cost of movement .
