  the point of calling for a division irl is if there is some reasonable doubt about the speaker 's decision , and so the meta ( in our parliament where in fact there is * no * doubt regarding the speaker 's ability to count the votes ) is to use it only when the vote is fairly close anyway . 
  since you do n't know that before the result has been called , you ca n't call for a division early . 
  on which , the amendment ( which would necessitate also redoing the motion ) or just the motion ? 
  / u/thewhiteferret and / u/3fun , you guys too . 
  ### i think the votes are tied . 
  as the house has not shown that this motion has majority support , i place my casting vote with the noes . 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  meta : assuming that this is still tied come morning , someone enable this comment . 
  and note that i am * not * recognising any calls for division that occurred before the voice vote was completed . 
  ### i think the ayes have it . 
  the bill will be now read for a third time . 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  meta : assuming this still has 4 ayes come morning , someone enable this comment . 
  ### i think the ayes have it . 
  the bill will be now read for a third time . 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  meta : assuming this still has ayes in the majority come morning , someone enable this comment, 
  clerk / u/jnd-au , ring division bells for four minutes . 
  the doors must remain open . 
  a member may leave the area of members ' seats unless he or she called for the division . 
  after four minutes have elapsed the doors shall be locked and no member may enter or leave the chamber until after the division . 
  the question is put : that the motion be agreed to . 
  members voting `` aye '' to move to the right side of the chair , and the members voting `` no '' to move to the left . 
  ( meta : reply telling me which side to which you moved . ), 
  no member may move from his or her place from the commencement of the count until the result of that division is announced . 
  # the doors will be locked at 1730\u00a021/12 / 2015 , utc +10 with the final count, 
  remember to specify your vote on each of the three questions :, 
  * that the amendment be agreed to, 
  * that the motion be agreed to , if the amendment * fails *, 
  * that the motion be agreed to , if the amendment * succeeds *, 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page for division on hours of meeting, 
  most lefties use the mouse in their right hand , and for those of us who do so , we mostly do n't switch the button . 
  but some people go to the effort of moving the mouse across to the opposite side so they can use it with their left hand . 
  for these people , it just makes sense to switch the buttons . 
  the primary click goes on your index finger , and secondary click is with the middle finger . 
  not everyone switches like this , but it makes sense . 
  i 've had the same experience , honestly . 
  with ubuntu 's latest lts . 
  installing the os itself was ... an experience , but not too hard all things considered . 
  and i 'm sure that , had i been installing it on a blank hard drive rather than trying to do it in dual boot , it would have gone far better . 
  the biggest problem is getting software working on the thing . 
  i spent hours trying to figure out how to get google chrome ( not chromium ) working , because the package manager just could n't do it . 
  i 'd download the file from google 's website , double click it , it would seem like it 's trying to open in the package manager , and would ultimately fail . 
  same problem with dropbox , and skype . 
  but i did eventually manage to get all three of those working . 
  had to do it through the command line using ` apt-get ` , which is really no problem for me -- i 'm a software engineering student and i absolutely adore the command line , for many basic tasks i typically prefer it to the gui both on ubuntu and os x ( but never windows , cmd is an utter pile of crap compared to the bash terminal on unix-like oses -- but it * is * a black mark on the os , because it shows that it is absolutely not ready for the average consumer . 
  unfortunately skype was so painfully out of date i ended up uninstalling it anyway . 
  not ubuntu 's fault , but it does make the experience of using ubuntu worse nonetheless . 
  these days , i refuse to install anything on it * except * through ` apt-get ` , and the experience is now mostly a good one . 
   the software is usually just a sudo apt-get install * package * and you 're good to go . 
  i 'm sorry , but that is not an acceptable answer . 
  i might be fine with using the command line , and you might be as well , but the average consumer is * not * . 
  if the gui based installers do n't work properly ( and , my experience has been that they * do not * ) , then the operating system is clearly not ready for prime time yet . 
  edit fix typo, 
  my desktop * still * has n't been told by microsoft that it 's ready for the install by the `` get ready for windows 10 '' utility , and i ca n't be arsed to download it myself . 
   something like the piano did to the pianoforte , right ? 
  you mean like the pianoforte did to the fortepiano ? 
  the pianoforte is just another name for what we know today as the piano . 
  fortepiano is the predecessor . 
  i really do not care for that clickbaity title . 
  just tell us what the thing is , and maybe a bit about its inspiration . 
  os x is not a stripped down version of unix at all . 
  in fact , it 's a true unix certified system , which is not true of linux . 
  it is unix * plus * more user-friendly stuff added on top , but when you delve into the unix terminal you get a very powerful set of tools like any unix-like system . 
  clerk , lock the doors . 
  the ayes will pass to the right of the chair , and the noes to the left . 
  i appoint the member for western australia teller for the ayes , and the member for regional victoria teller for the noes . 
  ( meta : this is on the first motion ), 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  the results from the division are in . 
  as there are fewer than 4 members on my right , under standing order 127 , i will declare the result immediately for the noes . 
  ### the amendment fails . 
  the members in the minority will be recorded in hansard :, 
  * 3fun, 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  clerk , lock the doors . 
  the ayes will pass to the right of the chair , and the noes to the left . 
  i appoint the member for regional victoria teller for the ayes . 
  ( meta : given the first motion failed , this is on the * second * ), 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  the results from the division are in . 
  as there are fewer than 4 members on my left , under standing order 127 , i will declare the result immediately for the ayes . 
  ### the motion succeeds . 
  the members in the minority will be recorded in hansard :, 
  * 3fun, 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  no need to address the speaker , this little section is meta . 
  yeah , i guess it is . 
  i 've always sort of associated the word filter with certain types of post-processing . 
  white balance , saturation , contrast , curves , that sort of thing . 
  maybe effects like blur or tesselating , the sort of things in photoshop 's `` filters '' menu . 
  hdr is a lot more difficult to do in batch in this way . 
  but really it could go either way in this case . 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's hdr . 
  take a look at the brightest spots ( like the light reflecting off of the little pond ) and the darkest ( the trees on the hill in the background -- not the mountain in the very back , but the hill just in front of it ) . 
  the amount of detail in both those areas suggests hdr . 
  oh not at all . 
  i was deliberately avoiding making an actual value judgement on whether or not this particular situation is confusing , and trying just to address the idea that an answer being given to it necessarily means it * is * confusing . 
  ah , so there should .
