  i 'm really skeptical about this . 
  it seems to be an * extremely * limited test , with very little attention to different variables . 
  for one thing , he 's riding extremely slowly in the video , and i imagine the speed you 're going at could affect the magpie 's behaviour . 
  it also seems that they only used one particular magpie at one location . 
  and finally , as far as i can tell , they only did one or two tests with each type of supposed protection . 
  so personally , i wo n't be going out and buying a wig to wear over my helmet during magpie season any time soon . 
  yeah , i just did a search on the term , and apparently that 's where the name came from . 
  older gridiron playing fields were marked out with a grid , or something . 
  i had always assumed it was a reference to the helmets the players wore . 
  why would they zoom on the reflection ? 
  he 's taking a selfie ; presumably the camera app is open . 
  well , yeah , but the comment i replied to was talking about getting the reflection of his face off of the phone screen . 
  i was pointing out that that 's not necessary , since the camera app is open . 
  rather than grabbing the reflection they can get the actual image displayed on the screen , which would be much brighter . 
  i 'll add to that , what if an issue comes up that would need to be decided by a referendum ? 
  once the bill passes both houses , is there some larger general public we could turn to , or would we just assume it succeeds ? 
  i do n't fully know myself , to be honest , but i 'll say what i * think * it is , based on my understanding . 
  have you ever heard of mun ? 
  model united nations ? 
  it 's where a bunch of people get together and simulate their own un . 
  they have different assemblies ( e.g. 
  general assembly , security council , etc. 
  ) , each assembly has its chairs , they raise issues ( not sure the technical term used in the un ) , debate them , and then vote on them . 
  all following the same procedures as the real un . 
  my understanding is that this is like that , except instead of modelling the united nations , we 're modelling the australian parliament . 
   the bread comes in pre rolled , pre cut , frozen , ` sticks ' . 
  and where do the sticks come from ? 
  how are they made ? 
  i do n't know either way , but you 've presented zero evidence that contradicts the person you replied to . 
  i agree . 
  i wish oreo sold half-stuffed oreos . 
  i could be wrong -- it 's been a long time since i checked -- but i think windows actually goes against the industry standard with hard drives , where terra means 10 ^ ( 12 ) ( or 1000 ^ ( 4 ) ) . 
  i think they use 2 ^ ( 40 ) ( that 's 1024 ^ ( 4 ) ) . 
  all harddrive manufacturers , as well as os x and ( to my knowledge ) other unix-based systems use the former system , while windows uses the latter . 
  this means that the size that they tell you you 're getting is smaller than what it actually is . 
  oh man does that really work ? 
  that 's incredible !, 
  does it also work for `` who '' and `` whom '' ( without the `` ever '' ) ? 
  or an official of pretty much any other government in the world . 
  not many places officially recognise taiwan as its own country ( mainly for diplomatic reasons , but still ... ) . 
  you 're right that it was n't just americans , but my experience ( from living in the country for 6 years ) has been that most vietnamese do n't really know about the anzac forces that were there ( and the anzacs were the only other western nation to be directly involved in the war ) . 
  maybe they know it on an intellectual level , but it 's just not something that 's a part of their cultural psyche . 
  regardless , they really * do * call it the american war . 
  who 's we ? 
  australia ? 
  new zealand ? 
  i ca n't answer , to be honest , but i 've just found out that spain also sent some troops . 
  at that point , really just why even bother ... at least nz sent over 500 , and australia over 7,000 . 
  but * 30 * ? 
  worth noting that the real australian constitution states that the hor should be `` as nearly as practicable '' double the number of seats as the senate . 
  if you 're going with 10 senators , probably worth adding another 4 seats to the reps somewhere . 
  that is , unless you 've arrived at the number 16 for some particular reason . 
  i would suggest adding an extra seat to brisbane ( make it northside and southside ) , an extra seat for non-melbourne victoria , and two others that i 'm not sure about . 
  maybe gold coast -- tweed heads ? 
  i see no reason that this should be done anything differently than the same system used in the real parliament -- but without mandatory preferencing and gvts . 
  use optional av for the hor , and optional stv in the senate . 
  this is just a small personal suggestion , taken separately from the above . 
  for the senate , i would suggest altering the gvt system as follows :, 
  * each party nominates its members and * only * its members in a specific order , and registers a ticket with that order . 
  * people can vote above the line for a party and it will be as if they numbered them below the line in the order registered . 
  they still have the option to vote in the order that they choose . 
  * you can preference above the line , as well as mix above the line and below the line if you want . 
  it 's kinda complicated to explain , but it 's actually really simple in practice . 
  alternatively , because of the small scale of this , we could do away with above the line entirely . 
  does n't seem like that would be too much of a problem , really . 
  seq as in gold coast , sunshine coast , ipswich , toowoomba , etc. ? 
  the whole region apart from brisbane ? 
  i tend to open them up and eat the icing first , just so i can enjoy the delicious biscuit part by itself and have its taste remain in my mouth , without the icing . 
  hope you immediately gave him a 1 star ranking for that . 
  does uber even give you the option to rate them if they turn up and you ca n't get in ? 
  hey could you let me know what you 've changed from last time ? 
  i wan na know if it 's worth printing off again , without needing to troll through the whole thing looking for the differences . 
  ] ( http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/81mthm-1uel._sl1500_.jpg ), 
  i dunno about making supergirl the start of a wider universe , but i definitely agree it does n't seem likely supergirl will be in the arrowverse . 
  at least from what they 've said so far , it seems that superman has been around and being ... well ... superman for a while already . 
  he clearly does n't exist in any significant way in the arrowverse yet , since that would be a big deal ; we would have heard of it . 
  so unless they do weird stuff involving multiverses , i just do n't see how supergirl * can * be in the same universe as the arrowverse . 
  personally , i think it 's a shame . 
  i 'm not a comic reader , so i do n't particularly care about her backstory being the same as in the comics , but i think it would have been cool to put her in the same universe and have the actions of the flash and maybe the arrow be the reason that she chooses to come out as a superhero . 
  obviously that would upset some comic readers , but i just think it 'd be really cool . 
  it also seems like massive mismanagement on dc 's part having so many different universes . 
  they 've got the films . 
  they 've got the arrowverse . 
  they 've got gotham . 
  they 've got that other show that seems to be failing ( edit : constantine ) . 
  and now they 're gon na have supergirl in her own universe . 
  it 's just awful planning , imo . 
  having everything be one big universe like marvel , or even just having a single unified tv universe , just feels like it 'd be so much better . 
  but that 's not what they 're doing , from all the evidence i 've seen . 
  hey op , is there any chance you could share the raw spreadsheet that you used to make this ? 
  or alternatively , just make sure to resubmit an updated version whenever wizards releases more content , 
  cheers !, 
  awesome , thanks so much !, 
  wait you get a set of dice ? 
  awesome !, 
  i 've ordered the starter kit just for the campaign , but more dice is always really awesome !, 
  wait it 's a hindi symbol ? 
  i 've always seen it associated with buddhist temples . 
  i have a question . 
  how does a model government determine success ?
