  let me know if i 'm wrong . 
  i do n't know if sibelius or logic is the problem , but i agree with you it 's probably sibelius 's fault . 
  unfortunately i have no idea how to fix it . 
  for troubleshooting purposes , do you have a different daw you could import into ? 
  see if it also has the same problem ? 
  also worth trying exporting a musicxml file from sibelius and importing that , if logic supports the format . 
  the other side of the world is in the atlantic , off the coast of western sahara/morocco . 
  hi , just so you know , you appear to be shadowbanned . 
  this means no one will see your comments unless they are manually approved by a moderator of the subreddit . 
  it 's something that is only supposed to be applied to bots and spammers , no legitimate users should ever be shadowbanned , but in your case , that seems to be what 's happened . 
  you should go to / r/shadowban to learn more and to find out how to try and remedy the situation . 
  guess i wo n't be trying this out , after all . 
  to everyone who * has * made an account , please go to [ this forum thread ] ( http://www.dndbeyond.com/forums/d-d-beyond-general/beta-testing-feedback/83-requires-membership-to-twitch?page=2 ) and express distaste about the decision , on behalf of those of us who ca n't even express our dissatisfaction on account of needing to log in using a twitch account to use the forums . 
  the security issue is certainly a valid one . 
  as someone on the forums said :, 
   my concern is not about convenience but about the sharing of data . 
  a d&d account means wizards has the info about me that i choose to give them , including what i do in their app . 
   a twitch account has the data i give to wizards plus what i give to twitch plus possibly what i give to curse and amazon , potentially including everything i do on any of those sites or their affiliates . 
  even if you assume that they are 100 % ethical in how they use/share your data ( lol ) , if any of those places get hacked , then the attackers have an inroad to all the other sites as well . 
  that 's not so much my concern . 
  for me it 's partly just a matter of principle . 
  i do n't use twitch , so i do n't want to have to use twitch to log in to something else . 
  i 'd be more than happy with connecting via google , which i use all the time , and i 'd be kinda okay with facebook connect , since i at least have and use that . 
  the ideal , which would suit absolutely ** everybody ** , would be if they just let you make a beyond account specifically for this service . 
  or a wizards account that could be used for other digital stuff from wizards . 
  i actually do have a twitch account , somewhere . 
  but my lastpass account apparently has the wrong password ( maybe my account was locked after some twitch breach ? ), 
  and i ca n't log in . 
  it 's just not worth the effort to figure out how to log in . 
  the official word , by the way , based on an official comment on the forum , is :, 
   we at curse , are apart [ sic ] of twitch . 
  all our sites going forward are using twitch logins , as we start letting people merge their curse accounts into twitch, 
  so they 've basically gone ahead and said `` yeah , we 're not doing this because we think it 's a good idea , we 're doing it because our corporate overlords require it of us . '', 
  why should we as users support a decision made in that way ? 
  edit :, 
  another user on the forum post summarised pretty much the exact way i 'm feeling about it better than i ever could have . 
   this is being marketed as a wotc/d & d product that uses curse technology to make it work . 
  it 's not being marketed as a twitch product that has licensed the d&d intellectual property . 
  i 'm happy to check out the former ; the latter does not interest me . 
  forcing me to create a twitch account seems like a bait & switch , and makes me very , very wary of ever having any kind of relationship with twitch or wotc if that 's how they operate . 
  i feel like i 'm being sold to twitch by wotc as per a line item on the contract . 
   but i thought we were discussing using the product they offer ? 
  yeah , we are . 
  i want to use beyond without having a twitch account , because twitch is a completely separate service and i do n't want to make an account for service b in order to use service a , if i 'm not also using service b. 
   do you really think it 's a better model for rpg people to develop payment applications than for them to hook to something that already does that ? 
  you realise that third party plug-in payment applications exist , right ? 
  yeah . 
  this is n't being presented to us as a twitch product that licensed d&d ip , it 's being marketed as an official d&d product which is developed/supported by curse . 
  it 's announced through multiple official d&d channels , it uses the d&d logo and ampersand boldly throughout its dress , and the product name itself includes the words `` d&d '' , and no qualifier like `` for d&d '' . 
  everything about the way this is being presented says `` official wizards stuff , just with the grunt-work outsourced '' . 
  for those familiar with the google nexus and pixel phones , and the difference between the two , this is presented much more like the pixel than nexus . 
  sure , htc 's the one physically building the things , but they 're designed by google and google 's the one with all the brand recognition , marketing , etc. 
  on it . 
  this does n't feel like a decision made for the benefit of users , it feels as though they 're trying to bait us in with cool d&d stuff to get people signing up for and using twitch . 
  as someone on the forums stated :, 
   forcing me to create a twitch account seems like a bait & switch , and makes me very , very wary of ever having any kind of relationship with twitch or wotc if that 's how they operate . 
  i feel like i 'm being sold to twitch by wotc as per a line item on the contract . 
  but honestly , the comment you replied to is just laughably ignorant . 
  even if it * were * being marketed as owned/organised by twitch , it 's clearly a different * service * . 
  it 's not a video game live-streaming site , so * obviously * it 's a different service . 
  by * definition * . 
  i would easily assume satire were it not for the earlier comments / u/mcbobboreddit made . 
  the comment is just that retarded . 
  read the comments in the thread . 
  the one on page three by `` gharan_ironfist '' is particularly apt . 
  there are also good arguments against it to be found further down in this thread on reddit . 
  edit : figured i 'd save you the work . 
  here 's the quote that summarises the most important problem with it as it exists :, 
   this is being marketed as a wotc/d & d product that uses curse technology to make it work . 
  it 's not being marketed as a twitch product that has licensed the d&d intellectual property . 
  i 'm happy to check out the former ; the latter does not interest me . 
  forcing me to create a twitch account seems like a bait & switch , and makes me very , very wary of ever having any kind of relationship with twitch or wotc if that 's how they operate . 
  i feel like i 'm being sold to twitch by wotc as per a line item on the contract . 
  hey , reddit does n't allow the use of generic link shorteners like the one you 've used here . 
  they 're considered unsafe as users have no idea where they 're going to be sent before clicking it . 
  edit your link to point directly to the content , and we can approve this comment so that other users can see it . 
  as it stands , nobody except subreddit mods can see this comment . 
  maybe it is . 
  but your statement was so ludicrous that there was no other way to respond to it ( except to ignore it , which is what i was going to do until someone else replied ) . 
  there is literally no possible way to rationalise this as being the same service as twitch . 
  you would n't say youtube is the same service as google . 
  hells , you would n't even say google search is the same service as gmail . 
  ownership by the same company does n't make something the same service . 
  to claim otherwise is utterly moronic . 
  then they should have * at least * marketed it as a curse product allowed to use d&d ip , and not an official d&d product with d&d branding plastered all over it . 
  but even that is hardly satisfying , if curse is a subsidiary of twitch and it 's a twitch account that 's needed to get the thing to work . 
  you just do n't know what the word `` service '' means . 
  one company can offer multiple separate services . 
  service does n't have an entirely clear definition , but in general a service is a discrete set of functionality provided for the benefit of a user . 
  what credentials you use to identify yourself to the service provider are irrelevant . 
  email is a completely unrelated service to web search , which is also unrelated to video sharing . 
  hence these are three separate service . 
  d&d campaign management is a separate service from video game live-streaming , so beyond is a separate service from twitch . 
  both the economic and software engineering dictionary definitions provide useful guidelines :, 
  the practice of providing an act of being of assistance as economic activity . 
  a function that is provided by one program or machine for another . 
  youtube and google are separate services offered by the same company ( alphabet inc. , and in particular its child company google inc. ) , in the same way that you might get your broadband internet and landline telephone from the same company . 
  they 're two different services that one company offers . 
  the relationship between beyond and twitch is the same . 
  you 're not a moron , you were just ignorant about the terminology at play .
