  4e removed that . 
  admittedly , it also got rid of the 3x3 alignment grid and replaced it with a lame line of 5 alignments , but my group homeruled back to the normal alignment anyway . 
  and on that note , 4e basically got rid of alignment as a mechanical thing , anyway . 
  as it should be . 
  it 's a descriptive thing , a way to briefly give other people the impression of your character 's general thoughts about the world . 
  it is * not * and * should not be * prescriptive , as it was to varying degrees in earlier editions . 
  5e put back the proper alignment matrix , but kept the purely descriptive element . 
  there are * no * classes , races , or options that you ca n't take because of another one of those you took , or because of your race , class , alignment , etc. 
  there are prerequisits for some feats and class abilities , of course , but no being `` locked out '' . 
  fewer , broader options . 
  no need to nitpick which of your dozens of points goes to which of your dozens of skills . 
  4e and 5e have 17 and 18 skills , respectively . 
  each of them covers a broad range of possible activities . 
  5e improved on this greatly , by also removing most static bonuses , and instead just having proficiency or not in a skill , and keying off a base attribute ( which also allowed for really cool flexibility , like using charisma ( stealth ) to hide among a crowd , rather than the normal dexterity ( stealth ) to hide in shadows ) , but it was building off of an important paradigm shift started by 4e . 
  the concept of hit dice in 5e is clearly a newer version of healing surges from 4e . 
  these aspects are less obvious than the return of vancian magic and spell lists , the removal of the aedu power system , etc. , but in some ways , they 're actually more fundamental than that . 
  they 're the engine of the game , while the other stuff is the chrome on the bonnet . 
  i do n't think that 's true , outside of the internet . 
  i do n't care for the vast majority of musicians , actors , or reality stars , but i 've heard of a hell of a lot of them . 
  i think fame on the internet is much more likely to be very insular to just your group , because it 's much easier for a hell of a lot of people to watch a guy 's videos without it spilling out into the wider public . 
  edit : i should say , though , i do n't agree with the other guy . 
  i think that having a few thousand engaged youtube subscribers absolutely is enough to call someone a minor celebrity , and when you 've got millions , you can probably drop the `` minor '' part . 
  its just that your celebrity is very insular . 
   4th also seemed to have a much heavier focus on combat as well . 
  one of my favorite characters i 've ever played was halfling thief with 7 strength and 8 constitution . 
  she was focused on stealth and talking her way out of things , and i think it would have been much harder to play her enjoyably in 4th . 
  this is very common criticism , but i do n't think it 's valid . 
  4e removed a lot of nitpicky rules about how to run non-combat encounters , and compared to the very regimented combat mechanics , it certainly looks like they did n't `` focus '' on roleplay very much . 
  but i see this as a net positive . 
  it means dms are free to just roll with it , and do what they feel makes sense and is awesome . 
  i know in my 4e campaigns , we all thought of charisma as the most op stat , and the skills keying off of it were pretty high among at least half the party . 
  it really just depends on how your group , and more importantly your dm , runs things . 
  but the light rules in this case allow for more flexibility . 
  you 'll notice that nobody criticises 5e for the same reason , despite having basically identical rules for non-combat encounters . 
  4e 's great , and if you 're enjoying it , then there 's no pressing reason to switch . 
  personally , my group started on 4e , and we 've now transitioned to 5e , and we 're loving it . 
  i think it takes a lot of the best things about 4e , while dramatically speeding up combat ( because combat was a * draaaag * in 4e ) and providing a little more variety . 
  the biggest thing i miss is the range of options you could have from all the dozens of books released . 
  you wo n't get that from 5e for a long time to come , because they 're being slow about releasing new stuff . 
   then around $ 30-50 minimum for an adequate set of dice, 
  i have 3 sets of dice ( well , 4 , but one of those came with the 5e starter set , so i 'm not counting it ) . 
  i paid like $ 20 all up for them . 
  and you can easily get away with just 1 set of dice between a group , or 2 if you want 1 for players and 1 for dm . 
  plus there are dice roller apps for all major smartphone platforms . 
  \\* if you happen to live in a large city in america . 
  for those of us in the rest of the world , unfortunately , lfgs do n't exist . 
  my local gaming stores do n't do shit other than sell the books . 
  a couple of them run magic tournaments , i think . 
  no real support for d&d . 
  you 're still roleplaying . 
  you 're just not doing it in first person . 
  instead of saying `` i walk up to the tavern keeper and say ` hello , my dear sir , could i grab a pint to drink ? 
  and i was wondering if you had any reports of unusual activity in the area ? 
  ' '' , you say `` i walk up to the tavern keeper , buy a drink , and ask about unusual activities . '', 
  you 're still getting into the character 's head , and knowing how they think and what their goals are , you 're just not directly speaking in character . 
  the biggest reason for this is basically shyness . 
  i find it really awkward to speak in character -- for me , it 's part of the same reason i 'm a really bad actor ( as in , films/stage acting ) . 
  but i still love the idea of roleplaying a character and seeing how they would react to different scenarios , and going through an interactive story with my mates . 
  in that case , yeah i think you might be part demon . 
  sorry buddy . 
  oh yeah , i definitely prefer to have at least a set per person . 
  and doing it with just one dice set is probably a stretch . 
  but one for the dm and one to be shared among the players ? 
  totally manageable . 
  the vast majority of the time , multiple players are n't going to need to roll at once , so it 's fine . 
  5e combat is , at least at low levels ( i 've never played it higher than level 5 ) * much * faster than 4e . 
  combats that would have taken 30 minutes now only take 5-10 . 
  that said , i have heard others say that at higher levels , 5e becomes just as bad as , or maybe even worse than , 4e . 
  alternatively , it could be worth talking to your dm . 
  if the bad guys know they 're going to lose , do n't always have them fight to the finish !, 
  if you were fighting someone that you knew was going to kill you , would you fight to the death ? 
  i 'd guess not . 
  you 'd probably either run away , or surrender and beg mercy . 
  guessing it 's just an alternate name for mmp . 
  i disagree . 
  mmp puts the power of who gets elected and who does n't * directly * into the hands of political parties , by formally recognising parties as a part of the system and letting them create party lists . 
  stv gives effectively proportional results , but voters still get to decide who gets voted in . 
  fptp is the exact opposite of fair . 
  in fptp , it is possible for a party to get about 25 % of the vote and become the majority . 
  if you get just over half the votes in just over half the seats , you can form government . 
  how is that fair ? 
  you need , at a * minimum * to use av . 
  it allows people to rank their preferred candidates in their preferred order , so they can vote for their favourite without decreasing the odds of their least hated major party winning . 
  even better would be something proportional . 
  my favourite is mmp , as described [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) by john cleese . 
  nah bro , it 's totally true . 
  the average american is way too dumb to write down the numbers 1-4 on a piece of paper . 
  / s ( but seriously , this is the best retort to someone who claims av is too confusing . 
  especially if they 're quite nationalistic , you could use this to imply that they 're saying their own nation is full of idiots . ), 
  he seems to have a similar reaction to that of leo -- i.e. , the vast majority of quiet people trust him , but there 's a vocal minority that think he 's a nutjob . 
  i know i 've been using security now as a crucial resource to help me in my software engineering programme at university . 
  i 've had at least two courses that i literally would not have passed if it were n't for what i learned listening through the backlog of sn episodes . 
  so even if his reputation as a security analyst is n't glistening , i 've found him to be a great resource for basic computer and networking knowledge . 
  stv still allows for constituencies . 
  they 're just a little larger , and you 're more likely to have at least one local representative that you can agree with . 
  this is true . 
  unfortunately , basically every good voting system requires a little bit of study to understand . 
  that said , something as basic as av really is n't that hard . 
  there are , after all , numerous [ great youtube videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y3je3b8hse ) explaining the process . 
  stv is harder again , though the results are better again , too .
