  cards would be difficult because of how large they are , and because they do n't even closely fit in a square grid . 
  normally you 'd be playing such that about 3 centimetres equals 5 feet in game . 
  difficult to replicate with cards . 
  and yeah , maps are completely optional . 
  my group only uses maps for a general idea of the layout , we never play on them . 
  we build small rough maps for encounters out of a tile set , but you could equally use paper and pen , or nothing at all . 
   make a homebrew feat that will allow two simultaneous concentration spells, 
  i quite like the sound of this . 
  can anyone else weigh in and make an argument as to whether it would be a little too game-breaking ( speaking as someone who 's currently happy with the 1 spell concentration system , but might be interested in allowing my spellcasters to cast more than 1 concentration spell at a time if it was worked out well enough ) . 
  i also rather like the look of option ( b ) , if it were done to have disadvantage on saving throws to maintain concentration , as well as restricting to half speed -- perhaps require another saving throw to maintain it if they move beyond half speed . 
  still as a feat , probably . 
   a better alternative would be to have a feat or something that allows you to have 2 , but with some other major disadvantage ( lower ac , lose move or action etc ) . 
  what are your thoughts on this :, 
  a feat that allows you to maintain concentration on two spells at a time . 
  while maintaining two spells , you get disadvantage on all saving throws to maintain concentration . 
  additionally , if you move more than half your speed in a turn , you must make a saving throw to maintain concentration . 
  if you lose a saving throw while concentrating on two spells , you lose contrentration on both of the spells . 
   if someone gets 51 % of the votes in a state , they get 100 % of the electoral college votes that state . 
  i 'm not american so i do n't follow the system all * that * closely , but are n't there one or two states where that 's not true ? 
  but still , it 's pretty damning . 
  that said , in any country with the westminster system ( e.g. 
  australia , united kingdom , canada ) the prime minister can be elected with just over 25 % of the popular vote ( in australia i 'm defining `` popular vote '' as `` percentage of people who preferenced one of the major parties ahead of the other '' , in the other countries i 'm defining it as `` percentage of people who voted for that party , ignoring any third parties '' ) . 
  it 's only a tiny amount better . 
  he said at the end he was deliberately trying to avoid using these techniques himself . 
  if he had brought up teak examples , whether they be the badly lit dress or reddit ( and other internet forum ) political discussion , it would have created some sense of anger in viewers . 
  i feel like you deliberately pronounced gif wrong at the start just to cause an argument if exactly the sort you were describing . 
  ( and yes , before anyone says it , this comment * is * self aware . ), 
  at around 1:40 his discussion of `` us versus them '' made me instantly leap to the badly lit dress argument . 
  also the pronunciation of gif , since he said the word very early in the video . 
  which one would that be , may i ask ? 
  i 'm leaving it . 
  what makes chemistry hard is probably just that chemistry is a difficult subject . 
  if you 've been particularly good at it in the past , then that 'll definitely help . 
  only advice i can really give you for your ee is the general advice for anyone . 
  really do start early and try to get feedback from your supervisor as much as you can . 
  i ca n't help you with specifics , i know nothing about the field . 
  i do n't know how sausages are made , but i feel like the meat is probably banged at some point . 
  so , i 'm definitely not in the target market for this computer . 
  i think it 's an awesome device , but it 's absolutely not for me . 
  with that out now the way , i use usb devices frequently . 
  i have an external drive that serves as both a backup and holds some movies and tv shows . 
  i use a mouse , since my macbook pro serves as a gaming machine when i 'm away from home where i have a proper gaming machine . 
  i plug in my android phone to grab a couple of files . 
  i connect my garmin forerunner watch to upload my runs and rides to the web . 
  i also often use at least one usb device along with mini displayport when connecting to my tv . 
  i 'm sure there 's more that i 'm not thinking of , but that should serve to demonstrate my point . 
  i half-suspect that many of the rumours if the 12 inch ipad were in fact the new macbook . 
  i would tell everyone the same thing do for any new apple product -- and indeed the vast majority of other tech products , too -- never buy the first generation . 
  the technology will get significantly better , and the price will probably come down in the second or third generation . 
  i forgot about that one , but yeah , it was huge for a while . 
  i 'm in the 1 % that just really does n't care about the issue , and the bugger it got the less i cared to look into it . 
  i love idea channel , brrutnive always thought this was just incredibly stupid . 
  either pick one of the real pronunciations and stuck to it , or use both ( either by saying both each time , or alternating between them ) . 
  do n't make up some stupid artificial pronunciation for it . 
  how do you make a thousand dollars as a jazz musician ? 
  start with two thousand dollars . 
  relevant username , i guess . 
  it can go the other way , too . 
  an `` egg '' for example , is a white person who acts more like an asian . 
  not necessarily . 
  i 've known some white people who are very asian-like simply by having lived in asia for a long time , without necessarily having the traits associated with a weeabo . 
  ( not to mention that word is specifically for people obsessed with * japanese * culture . ), 
  and to think people were criticising homebrew races like pixies that had flying speed at level 1 specifically for just that . 
  i 'm probably in the minority here , but i 'd love to see shardminds introduced , along with all the fluff that goes with them regarding their different religions/beliefs , and the lore surrounding the living gate . 
  preferably along with psionics , since they are such a heavily psionic-themed race . 
  i always do this if it does n't automatically work with the layout . 
  remapping , is too much work and can make on screen prompts awkward to use . 
  press '' , '' to move forward ? 
  huh ? 
  yeah good point . 
  i 've not yet played an mmo that did n't work correctly anyway , so it has n't been a problem for me . 
   but independent and small business representatives say the association 's push for uniformity is nothing but an attempt to extend trading hours, 
  that sounds perfectly fine to me . 
  the business hours many stores are open on this city -- especially on weekends -- are just atrociously short . 
  it can be really difficult in some circumstances to get to the shop to buy anything other than groceries . 
  they 're not talking about a person , they 're talking about the actual pronoun `` they '' . 
  another example would be : `` they '' is a word that can be used an a fair person singular pronoun of neutral gender , as well as third person plural . 
  over here it 's extremely common for surcharges if someone pays with american express . 
  i guess they take an unreasonably large cut of the purchase or whatever . 
  heck , most places probably do n't take it at all . 
  i 've occasionally seen surcharges for visa and mastercard , but it 's not as common . 
  remember the cd rootkits from back in 2006 or so ? 
  i 'm using chrome on os x. 
  neither fn and drag nor fn + option and drag worked . 
  seq has cineplex . 
  adult prices as low as $ 6.50 , or $ 8.50 in popular times for standard movies ( more for 3d ) . 
  i just signed up for tpg unlimited . 
  i have to say , i 've been a bit worried after a few whirlpool comments seemed to indicate they can have terrible reliability sometimes . 
  so i 'm glad to hear about your good services . 
  now , how getting adsl set up in this country can take 20 days when i got fibre to the home rolled out in fucking * vietnam * in just two days is beyond me . 
  this is a positive difference , not a negative one . 
  it 's not that some sites are artificially restricted or slowed down , it 's that you have a data limit , but certain selected services are not counted towards that limit . 
  my current phone plan does something similar , facebook , twitter , ebay , and a few other social media services do n't count towards my 4 gb data limit . 
  when i was living on campus at university , their internet ( which went up from 10 gb to 20 gb per month in the time i was there ) did n't count anything government related ( including the abc , which has on demand streaming of many of their shows online ) , anything google related ( including youtube and hangouts ) , or anything university related ( including watching recordings of lectures ) . 
  they also had a peer to peer file sharing service just for the people who were living on campus which was lightning fast and did n't count towards data -- though i believe they 've since closed that service for copyright reasons . 
  but anyway , all these are * positive * deviations from the default situation of `` everything counts towards your data limit and goes at a certain speed '' . 
  the thing to watch out for is * negative * deviations . 
  when certain sites are blocked or slowed down , or cost extra to access . 
  hell , until this year my uni had a peer to peer system set up for college residents that was pretty openly used for sharing pirated material . 
  the scales libertarians use to describe themselves are deliberately made to portray a positive image of libertarianism .
