  yeah , leo laporte made the same mistake on windows weekly . 
  he 's admittedly not a gamer , so has n't followed it particularly closely , but it does go to show that it 's an easy mistake to make . 
  yeah , it 's the same for basically every show , and most movies . 
  i 'm not sure when you got the hobbit part 2 , but it did n't come out in australia until boxing day . 
  if you want to keep up with shows without getting spoiled by the internet , your only real option is to pirate . 
  especially if you like discussing it with other people online . 
  oddly enough , we 've gotten the last few marvel movies weeks * before * america . 
  i remember going to see iron man 3 and discussing it online , and being surprised people were claiming it was n't out yet . 
  yeah , he runs a massive podcasting network called this week in tech . 
  some of the more popular podcasts include windows weekly , macbreak weekly , and this week in google , as well as the flagship this week in tech . 
  and do n't even get started on fire ants . 
  yeah , i * really * enjoyed that episode , as well as a lot ( but certainly not all ) of season 4 . 
  but that particular line was really bad . 
  it 's not going to change your mind . 
  i really like season 4 , but it 's definitely not my favourite season . 
  most people around here seem to absolutely hate it . 
   here 's the end of the dancing show you hate, 
  unfortunately , while that might be true for you and me , the reason they do that is because for most people , a better statement would be, 
   the dancing show you love, 
  tried . 
  oddly , steam is smart enough to catch you when you do that , but you just need to add ? ref = us ( or something like that , i forget ) to the end of the url ( in a web browser , not the steam app ) , and it 's completely fooled . 
  read it again . 
  he never confessed to it . 
  in fact , to me it seemed he was trying to say that he did n't do it . 
  ah , right . 
  thanks for that . 
  vista 's a luxury . 
  in my prison you have to use windows me . 
  i never used it , but from what i 've heard it was a decent operating system after the first service pack , and a largely good one after the second . 
  yeah ending it in that way was kinda awful . 
  it 's very rarely a trope that works , to me . 
  but the episode itself was good , i thought . 
  it was a good resolution to the arc that started in remedial chaos theory ( s03e03 ) and was hinted at a few more times in seasons 3 and 4 before that . 
  i saw someone else who said it would 've been better ( in fact , the whole * season * would 've been better , but particularly the finale ) if they 'd been given more episodes and could 've done a two-part finale so it was n't too rushed , and i tend to agree with that , but i still liked it for what it was . 
  how do you decide which rights are `` natural rights '' ? 
  they 're a human invention decided based upon the morals that humans have . 
  in the `` natural '' world , animals kill each other , take each other 's things , and rape each other extremely frequently . 
  the only rights that exist are those decided by human morals , and since people have different morals , the only ones that truly exist are those legislated by law . 
  might i just suggest upping your lower cap to 1 hour . 
  i know there are games in my library that say 40 -- 50 minutes played , when in fact i never even started them , due to issues getting the game to play correctly with a wrapper . 
  i reckon more than 4 % of redditor 's visitors are from canada and australia , not to mention the uk , which is both english speaking * and * european . 
  with a name like / u/karmapilot , i ca n't see how he * could n't * be a troll . 
  but the other party * did * accept that . 
   i did n't say you were n't finnish , you colossal fucking retard . 
  i never even implied that you were n't . 
   i pointed out that the people you were discussing it with probably were not . 
  most people on reddit are not finnish . 
  most of them are , in fact , american and canadian and british and australian and other countries where christmas is on the fucking 25th . 
  which is spelled out quite plainly on the very page you linked to and that maybe you should have fucking checked before telling everyone they 're wrong . 
  i mean , he did it rather rudely , but how could you * not * be rude talking to that guy ? 
  / u/karmapilot was quite clearly attempting to correct people whom he * knew * were from places that celebrate christmas on christmas day , and yet insisted that they were wrong . 
  that 's where the problem lies , not in the fact that he himself celebrates on christmas eve . 
  basically , what he 's saying is that the statistics of how many schools choose which kind of sex education have to be taken somehow , and it 's the people who organise the creation and publication of these statistics to whom it is being reported that a school is abstinence only , even if in some cases it is n't . 
  watch it just so you 've seen it , but go in knowing that it 's a really awful movie across the board . 
  plot , acting , music , even effects ( they used one particular shot of a building crashing in two situations ) . 
  if your expectations are low enough , hopefully you can still enjoy it somewhat , 
  sure . 
  [ this would appear to be the same source where the above user got there 46 % figure from ] ( http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/reddit.com ) . 
  it shows that canada alone takes the total over 50 % . 
  if you add australia to that , you sit at 54 % total , meaning even without reading the other stats on the page , no country or collection of other countries can have a greater usage share than the us . 
  i do n't really know , i did hl . 
  from what i can tell , it 's very different . 
  sl and hl are basically the same kind of thing with different difficulty levels , but studies seems to take a very different approach . 
  so , half of that is based on the idea that natural rights are determined by god . 
  as someone who does n't believe in any gods , that 's not a right i am willing to accept . 
  the other half is what the article calls `` practical rationality '' , which it goes on to describe as something that `` all human beings possess a basic knowledge of '' . 
  even if we take that statement in a non-literal way , and claim that those rare people who do n't see something like rape or murder as being necessarily wrong are excluded from this group of `` all human beings '' , it 's very difficult to derive * any * sort of rights other than the right to not be killed or physically violated from that claim . 
  it then goes on to say that the view is incompatible with : atheists , agnostics , and deists from the religious angle ; as well as nihilists , moral relativists , and conventionalists from the philosophical angle . 
  seeing as these cut out a huge group of people , including myself ( as an atheist and tentative moral relativist ) , i think making blanket claims that natural rights * must * `` exist regardless of whether they are acknowledged by ... law '' is at best unnecessarily provocative , and at worst downright wrong . 
  which programme are you going into ? 
  uq engineering required either hl maths or do an extra course designed to replace it . 
  i 'd assume so . 
  i do n't really know , i was just interpreting what the other guy was saying . 
  be more . 
  that 's what it stands for in this context . 
  his secret santa got him a bmo one . 
  `` one '' meaning `` flask that looks like '' . 
  if you do n't plan on sending any games , then do n't post in a fucking post with the words `` i would like to give away $ 300 worth of steam games '' in the fucking title . 
  dick . 
  sarranid mamluke for the win !, 
  because he did it in a deliberately misleading way to garner more attention . 
  uhh ... no ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  yeah , something like that , from what i 've seen of it . 
  i absolutely can not * stand * soccer . 
  i 've played quite a bit of it , and i think it 's an awesomely fun sport to play , but to me it 's one of the absolute worst sports to watch . 
  the biggest problem with it is n't inherent in the sport itself , but it 's the diving , talking back at the ref , and the massive over-the-top celebrations . 
  that 's not a necessary part of the sport , but it does make watching professional soccer much more unbearable than it otherwise would be . 
  with the sport itself , i just find it far too slow . 
  that 's a weird thing to say coming from a test cricket fan , but it just feels to me that the way soccer is played involves a lot of passing backwards and waiting . 
  i understand why it 's a good tactic to maintain possession of the ball , but it does n't make it interesting to watch . 
  oh for fuck 's sake people . 
  this is / r/changemyview . 
  if we ca n't stick to rediquette and avoid downvoting someone on here , what the hell is the point of this place ? 
  do n't downvote this guy just because his opinion is extremely marginal . 
  try and change it , or ignore it completely , but do n't downvote it . 
  yes , he did . 
  he did n't aim to change op 's view in quite the way op was expecting , but he was quite clearly laying out an alternative viewpoint . 
  how about you reread them a little more closely . 
  he is n't breaking any of them .
