  still seems like it could have been handled better . 
  he could have stopped the rehearsal briefly and explained it to her , for example . 
  world health organisation . 
  korean , specifically . 
  it 's called fan death . 
  it is a shame , but we 're doing a pretty good job of trying to reverse-engineer it . 
  i love you . 
  why it 's changing , how much it 's changing , exactly what the consequences of it will be , and how best to solve it . 
  that 's what intelligent people debate . 
  except if you 're taking the word `` theory '' in its scientific sense , calling someone 's religion a theory would be a massive compliment . 
  people are going about this using limits and stuff , which can be difficult for people who have n't studied maths to understand . 
  try this instead :, 
  1 ) let a = 0.9999 recurring, 
  2 ) take 10a = 9.9999 recurring, 
  3 ) subtract 10a from a , giving 9a = 9, 
  4 ) divide both sides by 9 , a = 1, 
  then get it cut off yourself ? 
  going the other way , not so easy . 
  as / u/phynicks points out , you 're breaking rule 1 ( direct responses to op ** must ** challenge their view somehow ) , and possibly rule 5 ( no low effort comments ) . 
  \u2206 i personally do n't like hallowe'en . 
  it 's not really a holiday here except for what i view as an unwelcome intrusion of american culture , so i agreed with op initially . 
  your explanation of it as an opportunity to express yourself creatively etc. 
  really helped me not only change my view in relation to op , but also in relation to hallowe'en as a whole , in a small way . 
  i think you could arguably consider strict interpretations of religious texts to be hypotheses . 
  it 's just that they 're incredibly * easy * to falsify . 
  a more philosophical interpretation of religion is n't falsifiable , and thus could n't be called a hypothesis . 
  sure it is . 
  just because it does n't conform to your narrow definition of what a game should be , does n't mean it is n't a game . 
  wikipedia :, 
   flemish giants are not typically regarded as `` meat '' rabbits because much of the commercial rabbit market focuses on young rabbits , usually around 70 days of age . 
  at this time , flemish giants are developing bone mass rather than muscle . 
  however , when raised to roasting ( under 6 months ) and stewing ( over 6 months ) age , the size of the flemish makes them desirable . 
  they are also often bred with other meat rabbit breeds , such as the new zealand , to increase both meat-to-bone ratio and litter size . 
  it 's unsourced , though , so take it as you will . 
  you sure ? 
  i lived in vietnam for nearly 6 years and never once heard if fan death from it . 
  painting hands can cause you to leave marks everywhere , and it also is harder to remove than on your face . 
  my highschool did the wizard of oz , our wicked witch got her hands painted for the first performance , and there was still a green mark on the door handle of the dining hall ( come dressing room ) when i left the school 2 years later . 
  she also told me her hands were stained greenish-yellow for a week afterwards . 
  they did n't paint her hand for subsequent performances . 
  i believe they and other advertisers have said they will respect dnt if it is the user 's explicit choice and not the default setting . 
  the second goes `` i 'll have some h2o too '' . 
  if it was just `` me too '' , it would n't make sense . 
  it 's a game chiefly if they call it a game . 
  but yeah , it involves interaction from the player . 
  queenslander here , i 've definitely heard it used by my slightly more bogan relatives . 
  biscuits , not cookies . 
  tomato sauce , not ketchup ( also , side note , it 's pronounced to-mah-toe , not to-mae-toe ), 
  peanut paste , not butter, 
  we have a type of vehicle called a `` ute '' , short for utility vehicle , which is very similar to your pickup trucks . 
  we only use the word truck to refer to something [ at least this big ] ( http://www.just4wheels.com/images/classes/atruck24.jpg ) . 
  someone else mentioned `` shopping centre '' , not mall . 
  mall is a word here , though . 
  it refers to a more open-air street full of shops . 
  see : [ queen st mall , brisbane ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_street_mall ) . 
  my guess is he does n't . 
  it was posted sarcastically ( hence the two exclamation marks ) . 
  either that , or this is a poe 's law situation . 
  my guess ( not having played the game ) is that the backgrounds were prerendered , which allows them to do it at a much higher quality . 
  the characters , who have to move around , ca n't be prerendered like that . 
  ( edited accordingly ), 
  and maybe it 's a queensland thing ? 
  edit : just saw your flair , guess not . 
  i always called it peanut paste growing up , anyway ... 
  huh , curious . 
  which part of vietnam ? 
  microfibre 's the word you 're looking for . 
  i 'm not going to lie , this is a big part of the reason i 'm considering contacts . 
  that , and the fact that i would n't have to constantly push the glasses back onto my face . 
  \u266a 13 13 double 9 \u266a, 
  that 's a jingle i used to hear on tv a lot . 
  i do n't even remember what company it 's for , but i remember the number . 
  have n't even seen the ad in years . 
  i have a question , why only books ? 
  why not apply this same idea to games or software ? 
  let people have a proper sample of how they work before they buy . 
   it would be in incredibly poor taste to wear a fake medal of honor and dress up as a soldier for halloween when you were n't one and had n't earned that, 
  what ? 
  now , i 'm not from somewhere that celebrates hallowe'en in a significant way , but seriously ? 
  it seems a massive overreaction if people take offense to someone doing that . 
  it 's a costume , it 's not * meant * to be taken seriously . 
  if someone was wearing a fake medal to a remembrance day ceremony or something , that would be * highly * offensive , but at a costume party ? 
  hardly . 
   there 's a reason international stereotypes of americans are `` cowboys '', 
  except that they are n't . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but the biggest stereotype of americans is probably the overweight , gun owning christian . 
  heat always flows from hotter areas to cooler ones . 
  to facilitate the maximum amount of heat transfer , you want a high temperature gradient , i.e. , you want the difference in temperature to be as great as possible . 
  the hot computer components would cool even without a fan , however they would cool much more slowly , because what would happen is the heat from the component would leave and heat up the air . 
  as the air gets hotter , the rate of temperature decrease in the computer would slow down , and eventually they would reach an equilibrium . 
  by using the fan , you 're moving the hot air away from the component and bringing in fresh cooler air which allows the temperature to change as fast as possible . 
  the exact same thing happens in people , that 's why you feel colder when air blows across your body when you 're wet ( and even when you 're not wet ) . 
  in that case , it 's a combination of temperature gradient and humidity gradient -- the difference in the amount of water in the air . 
  it is ( or so i was brought up being taught ) the australian term for what americans call peanut butter . 
  it came about for legal reasons -- they were n't allowed to call it peanut butter because producers of * actual * butter did n't like the term butter being used for something that quite clearly * is n't * butter . 
  i think i have to agree with what / u/09112001 said, 
   i do n't understand this american obsession over `` being offended '', 
  if people get offended by that sort of thing , they 're just overreacting without any real need . 
  if they 're offended by little things like that , you know what ? 
  i just do n't give a shit about how they feel .
