  how do you get in on this ? 
  do you need to be part of some `` frequent flyers '' group , or can someone who flies regularly without using a rewards system get in on it ? 
   a youngish male travelling alone with a backpack and casual clothes, 
  damn , that 's me every time i travel . 
  frequently with unkempt hair and facial scruff , too . 
  but i 've hardly ever had problems with security here in australia . 
  worst i 've been victim of is overly-zealous metal detectors . 
  do n't know why , but wearing the same clothes , some detectors beep for me and others do n't . 
  my travel is nearly exclusively international though , so perhaps that makes a difference ? 
  indeed . 
  i wish them the best of luck . 
  i hope for their sake that there are fewer scabs this time around , too . 
  with so many people not striking last time , that ca n't have helped their case . 
  yes , scabs . 
  bus drivers decided to go on strike to get themselves safer working conditions , as well as better pay . 
  by going to work while their coworkers are on strike , the scabs are severely weakening the effectiveness of the strike , and thereby are not only harming their own coworkers , but also themselves . 
  dunno why you think i 'm a bus driver . 
  but wow , this comment says * a lot * about you , and not really very much about me . 
  just an fyi , most of these abilities currently do n't tell you what level you get them at . 
  it 's in the table , but it should also be in the ability itself . 
   i am against a republic because i doubt very much it will be as stable as what we have now . 
  also i dont want to have to deal the whole president election bs . 
  you can be for a republic and still against a significant change from the current situation . 
  i myself am . 
  i am a staunch republican and vehemently against the idea of an unelected , unqualified , foreigner who never did a day of work in her life being our head of state until the day she dies . 
  but i also hate the idea of a president with any real power , or a directly elected president . 
  one only need look at america -- even before trump -- to see what a terrible idea that is . 
  remember , shorten 's proposed idea is for three votes . 
  the first is a simple in principle yes/no : is the idea of a republic a good one ? 
  then , the next is deciding on precisely what model to use . 
  and then the winner of the second vote goes head-to-head against the monarchy . 
  vote yes on the first one . 
  vote for whatever is closest to `` exactly the same as now , but the governor general is the de jure head of state and does not derive its power from a foreigner '' for the second one . 
  for the third , vote no if that model loses , but yes if it wins . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't follow . 
  if you 're referring to the crown , would n't it be easier to know how the show ends if she dies sooner ? 
  ninja edit : hmm , does n't sound quite as cool as vive la france . 
  i grew up overseas in the tropics . 
  i would describe brisbane 's winter as unbearably cold . 
  i can not fathom why humans ever decided it was a good idea to migrate further than ~ 30 \u00b0 from the equator , because even brisbane 's 27.5 \u00b0 is too cold . 
  imo that says more about how miserable britain is than anything about the weather here . 
  it is really amusing looking up the weather for newcastle nsw and comparing it to newcastle upon tyne . 
  often it can be the middle of the day in summer there , and evening in winter here , and they 'll only be warmer by a couple of degrees . 
  very amusing . 
  it 's not about the president . 
  it 's about the relationship between the president and congress . 
  i actually spent 3 years in south korea . 
  but for whatever reason being acclimatised to that never stuck . 
  but we have been told precisely what it is ? 
  that 's not a flaw , it 's an advantage . 
  we already have checks and balances in the form of the senate and the courts . 
  the president in the us is an extra unnecessary layer which does nought but lead to deadlocks , especially after midterms . 
  where 'd you see that ? 
  the only episode they 've uploaded an inside the episode for this year was the first one . 
  i always really enjoyed watching those so it 's been disappointing not seeing them soon after . 
  if you 're interested , a nerf is the opposite of buff . 
  if one ability is too weak , it needs to be buffed . 
  if it 's too strong , nerf it . 
  it 's also not exclusive to video games . 
  tabletop games ( particularly rpgs ) also use the term . 
  and by extension , it quite commonly gets used in slightly less orthodox circumstances like sports and fiction . 
  even sometimes real life events . 
  and yet keeping the reps in check is exactly what it has done for decades , * at least * . 
  for better or worse . 
  hbo go is n't available here . 
  i 've always watched the inside the episodes on youtube , because in the past they 've all been put up there shortly after the episode . 
  abigayl ( where the `` y '' is the same as in `` yellow '' ), 
  lincoln, 
  the name `` abigail '' is ... challenging to transliterate into english mode tengwar . 
  `` ai '' , when pronounced as [ / e\u026a / ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:ipa_for_english ) , does n't have a simple transliteration . 
  but i think what you 've got there is probably the best way to do it . 
   there are two distinct methods with which the general use is applied to the english language . 
  one method is to follow the spelling used in the roman alphabet , transliterating the numerous peculiarities of english orthography with fair accuracy . 
  the other is to reproduce each sound of the spoken language , letting each tengwa represent an english phoneme . 
  the method you 've got there is the latter type ; attempting to reproduce the correct * sounds * . 
  if you instead wanted to directly reproduce the same * letters * , [ this is what you would want ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ei29por.png ) . 
  awesome , thanks so much !, 
  that video works perfectly . 
  yeah the making the silence battle is up there . 
  there are a few other `` inside game of thrones '' videos on their official channel . 
  unfortunately just not the main inside the episode videos . 
  you 're quite possibly correct . 
  but i have more faith in the electorate than that . 
  if you vote yes for the in principle vote , and then a dumb model like directly elected politicised president is the winner in the second vote , you can always easily vote no at the final referendum . 
  but maybe saner heads will prevail , and the second vote will result in a sane republican model where the governor general simply severs ties from the crown . 
  it 's that uncertainty of the second stage , but with the safety net of the third stage , which makes voting `` yes '' on the first vote an absolute no brainer for anyone even vaguely interested in the idea of becoming a republic . 
  market is an insanely good map . 
  i am astonished at how short lived it was in regular rotation , let alone throwback . 
   less appropriate cities have hosted the olympics ( rio ), 
  also beijing , which aside from infrastructure problems , is just about the worst possible place in the world for people to do large amounts of highly aerobic activity . 
  i just mean that they 've got some videos titled `` inside the episode '' , which are about each episode and go over a number of the different themes in different scenes of the episode . 
  then they 've also got some `` inside game of thrones '' episodes , which are a different thing , focussing more on the production side of things , or on a single scene . 
  thanks again for the links . 
  i guess it never occurred to me before to go looking for some unofficial uploads rather than waiting for the official channel . 
  thanks !, 
  heat 's bad for performance , but the air pollution in beijing is worse for health . 
  yeah , it 's things like that . 
  one of my favourites was probably [ about the musical score ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsmo4phe3he ) . 
  and the one about battling the silence that you already mentioned was another . 
  people are bad at spelling .
