  saying something different that was literally invented just to be edgy is dumb . 
  it 's an acronym , which is * why * it 's pronounced as a word . 
  initialisms are when it 's pronounced letter by letter . 
  scuba is an acronym . 
  nsa is an initialism . 
  if you prefer that , that 's fine . 
  some words are both acronyms and initialisms . 
  asap is a good example . 
  haha this is brilliant . 
  you 'd either get rid of a significant number of mainland chinese , or a significant number of taiwanese . 
  either way , watching the politics between the two nations play out after that could be very interesting . 
  fun fact , but l\u00ea is actually more popular than ph\u1ea1m . 
  but between the three you mentioned , you do actually have about 55 % of the country 's population . 
  phan , v\u00f5 , v\u0169 , and ng\u00f4 are also all in category 2 , and would take your total up to about 65 % . 
  but `` those who prefer collectivism '' are n't all as radical as mao , and `` those who prefer individualism '' are n't all rand . 
  in this scenario , the world would shift dramatically to the left or right , but democratic nations would still be democratic . 
  you 'd just end up with the us being sort of like a slightly more leftist scandinavia today , or vice versa . 
  i ca n't really imagine such a camera ( mainly because the features a prosumer photographer looks for are more or less the same as a professional , whereas that is not necessarily true with nles ) , but if there 's a camera that truly is brilliant for prosumers and bad for professionals , then why not ? 
  [ indeed , it is ] ( http://winsupersite.com/windows-10/windows-10-tip-use-multiple-desktops ) . 
  routers tend to be slow at processing dns requests . 
  you 're better off changing your computer 's dns settings to 8.8.8.8 . 
  are you on mobile ? 
  some mobile apps do n't always display spoilers correctly . 
  it 's displaying perfectly fine for me ( in a desktop browser ) . 
  i would recommend prepending future titles in this series with the actual episode number , just so people can keep track better over time ( i.e. , this one would be `` s01e01 '' ) . 
  also , what 's the spoiler status ? 
  can we assume people in this conversation have watched the whole thing at least once , or should any references to future material be marked as containing spoilers ? 
  but anyway , off to ( re ) watch the actual episode !, 
  no , all browsers have the root certificates . 
  but chrome actually specifically has the non-root certificates used by google built in . 
  present, 
  1 hour `` watch this '', 
  ninja edit : after all , my memory is such that i wo n't be able to remember it without setting the reminder , right ? 
  so you would read this subreddit 's name as `` slash arr samplesize '' ? 
  i prefer this one . 
  has the same intention , but i feel it 's worded a bit more poetically :, 
   they say you die twice . 
  one time when you stop breathing and a second time , a bit later on , when somebody says your name for the last time . 
   blu tack is n't very well known or widely available in the us, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people and you claim to be the free-est nation in the world . 
  in a formal logical sense , this is true . 
  a -  b < - \\ \\ -  b -  a, 
  but if someone were tasked with coming up with a solution to the trucks hitting bridges problem , the smart thing to do would be to make it the other way . 
  put the sign slightly * below * the level of the bridge , just for safety . 
  i dunno , i 've just heard it quoted by people online a heap . 
  read what scuba or nasa stand for . 
  then say the words `` scuba '' and `` nasa '' . 
  compare the sounds of the letters . 
  realise that your previous comment was wrong . 
  that 's why op said `` since everyone seems to like thea 's butt '' . 
  they were referring to that image . 
  no , nasa is not pronounced `` properly '' . 
  the first a stands for `` aeronautics '' , but nasa is not pronounced n-air-sa . 
  point is , the `` that 's what the letter stands for '' argument holds zero weight , because it is not and never has been the way the pronunciation of acronyms is determined . 
  if you look at grammar , there are arguments for either hard or soft g . as you say , gift has a hard g . but gin uses a soft g. i would argue gin is closer , because it has the exact same number of letters . 
  all it does is substitute one soft consonant for another soft consonant . 
  no adding extra letters in . 
  but ultimately , from a purely analytical standpoint , * both are correct * . 
  neither is `` technically '' better than the other . 
  i happen to think hard g just sounds awful , while soft g rolls off the tongue nicely . 
  but that does n't mean i go around telling people that hard g is wrong , because by saying so , * i * would be wrong , just as you are wrong to claim that hard g is more correct . 
  umm ... what exactly are you converting ? 
  there are n't any units in the above comment ... 
  mr speaker , this is a very good proposed amendment , and is absolutely essential to have smooth functioning in a parliament the size of this one . 
  however , it is still flawed . 
  in a house with just 13 members , 9 general purpose standing committees means that even with 5 members in each , most people are going to have to be in 4 or 5 of them . 
  to remedy this , i would propose an abridging of the standing committees listed in standing order 215 ( a ) . 
  more specifical , my proposal is as follows :, 
  so 215 ( a ) : omit all text , substitute :, 
   ( i ) standing committee on environment , agriculture , and resources ;, 
   ( ii ) standing committee on economics , tax , and revenue ;, 
   ( iii ) standing committee on education and employment ;, 
   ( iv ) standing committee on health ;, 
   ( v ) standing committee on indigenous affairs , social policy , and legal affairs ; and, 
   ( vi ) standing committee on infrastructure and communications . 
  we could potentially get it down to just 4 by merging ( iii ) , ( iv ) , and ( v ) into `` standing committee on social issues '' or something similar . 
  but that seems like it would be too broad of a category for one committee , so i left my suggestion as above . 
  i would also suggest a similar abridging of the library , house , publications , petitions , selection , and appropriations and administration committees . 
  though i 'm not sure how much of a role those are going to play in the running of the model parliament . 
   ## this video is not available . 
   sorry about that . 
  i just wan na say , thanks for linking not only this one video ( which was itself absolutely fantastic ! ), 
  but also the whole playlist . 
  i 'm really enjoying listening to it . 
  the liszt in particular , the one right after the mendelssohn , was great . 
  but then , i 'm a sucker for just about anything that uses the dies irae theme . 
   repealing the library committee , etc ( zagorath ), 
  oh , please do n't misinterpret me !, 
  i was n't suggesting to repeal all those entirely . 
  merely that if we intend to use them at all , it might be worth merging some of them together in order to reduce the total number of them . 
  sorry for the lack of clarity in the previous comment . 
  it 's a non-american thing . 
  britain , australia , new zealand , some canadians ( maybe all ? 
  i 'm not sure about that one ) . 
  litre , metre ( the distance , as opposed to meter , which is something used for measuring , like a speedometer or themometer ) , centre , just a few examples . 
  why so precise ? 
  you measure people 's heights to the nearest centimetre , no reason to keep decimal places ... 
  yeah this . 
  aus and nz did this shit and did it right . 
  the uk ( and , i 'm just learning , canada ) apparently kinda did it , but also kinda do n't , and they 're left with an overall system that 's not that much better than where they started .
