  and going west rather than east , though either is fine . 
  just makes more sense to me to start at -12 and increase the number until you reach +12 * , or vice versa , rather than starting at 0 , increasing , and eventually wrapping around into -12 and then increasing back to 0 . 
  ( with utc at the top as a reference in any case . ), 
  out of interest , does the list of places in the table change as places go in and out of daylight saving time ? 
  it would be useful , for example , if when australia enters dst , brisbane/queensland got its own category , since it does n't bother with all that rubbish . 
  but during winter it is n't necessary since it 's in the same time zone as sydney/nsw . 
  ( and the same goes in reverse for phoenix in america . 
  currently it needs a separate time slot , but it wo n't any more once the less sensible states exit dst , since it uses the same mountain time as denver . ), 
  \\* i 'm aware that it goes up to +14 , but ignoring that for the sake of simplicity , since very few people live in time zones greater than +12, 
  it was a fan film using assets from various playstation 2 games . 
   china is also the leading iron ore producer in the world, 
  huh , so it is . 
  i would have guessed australia . 
   i personally do n't use initiative, 
  i. . . you ... waa ... you what now ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  like , how do you run combat without * some * form of initiative , even if it 's not the standard roll a dexterity check and go in order type ? 
  my first year undergraduate course was python . 
  no curly braces anywhere ( well , except dictionaries ... ) . 
  but all the style guides i 've had since , for c , java , and js , have advocated for egyptian braces . 
  and thank god , because putting the opening brace on its own line looks ugly as fuck , and is way less readable . 
  \\  not just using \\ n, 
  they were obviously only talking about simple cases like, 
  if ( case ) return true ;, 
  with it all on one line . 
  personally i tend to avoid that , but i can see the argument to be made there . 
  i disagree with this one . 
  your first line there was the most legible . 
  it 's not so bad in this case , but when the ` x ` becomes more complicated , like ` if ( foo ( ) = = const ) ` , or in the case of even the most standard for loop ` for ( int i = 0 ; i < thing.length ( ) ; + + i ) ` , the space increases legibility substantially . 
  police brutality you 're probably right about , but the tsa thing , i do n't think you are . 
  it 's not just the horror stories of strip searches and what not that make the tsa seem bad . 
  it 's the whole security level they seem to have . 
  i 've travelled quite a lot , mostly around eastern asia and australia , but also to europe , a few times , and once each to south america and egypt . 
  the normal practice going through security is : take your laptop out of my backpack ( but keeping it in its own sleeve ) , put bag , backpack , and stuff from pockets through the scanner . 
  walk through the metal detector . 
  occasionally the metal detector might beep , or you might be randomly selected . 
  in that case , they briefly wave a wand over you . 
  and that 's it . 
  from what i 've heard , in america , things like really slow moving lines , having to remove your shoes , or having to get in a full body scanner are not uncommon . 
  it 's obviously not , on its own , a reason to completely avoid the country , but it 's one small cut amongst dozens of small cuts . 
  this is all from what i 've heard , mind you . 
  i 've never been to america , so i have n't experienced it first hand . 
  i could he misinformed . 
  oh right , cool . 
  so you kinda just pick who goes next based on what feels right narratively and who 's ready as a player ? 
  yeah if i had had to guess i would have said that . 
  thanks . 
  the internet is an american invention . 
  you 're thinking of the world wide web , which sits on top of the internet . 
  of course , the web is absolutely essential to the way people today use the internet . 
  really , the modern internet experience is thanks in very large part to a number of places . 
  the us for the internet to begin with . 
  the uk for the web . 
  and australia for wifi . 
  no , rules as written you can not do this , and creators have said a fair few times that they did not intend for actions to be used to perform a bonus action . 
  i bat ( cricket or base/softball ) right handed , and golf right handed . 
  i feel more comfortable holding a rifle right handed , though that 's not something i 've had an enormous amount of experience with , and i 'd use a handgun lefty . 
  i kick better over short distances ( passes in soccer ) with my right , though power kicks i prefer my left . 
  everything else is lefty for me . 
  tennis ( including table ) , throwing , bowling ( cricket , lawn , or 10-pin ) , fencing , shooting a bow , etc. 
  meta : will it later be possible to move an additional amendment to this ? 
  i 'd be interested in potentially having it so that the more procedural committees ( such as this one ) only have 5 members , while the ones dealing with actual policy can still have 7 . 
  the sound thing is n't a mobile-only issue . 
  i often avoid watching videos because i might be doing something else at the same time that uses audio -- perhaps watching another video or listening to a podcast -- and i do n't want to have two different audio things going on at once . 
  yeah i 'm with you . 
  when someone posts a gif of something , and then posts a source in the comments ( or someone else provides the source ) , i often follow through and watch the source . 
  i 've discovered a fair few great youtubers that way . 
  do the majority end up not following through ? 
  i have no doubt that that 's the case . 
  but those that * do * follow through would not have discovered it in the first place * otherwise * . 
  i 'm much more likely to click on a video link in the comments after seeing a gif that i liked than i am to click on a video link as a post , and i suspect many people are the same . 
  it sounds like grey and brady are , in this case , making a very similar argument to the ones made by film producers regarding piracy : that every view of the gif ( or pirated material ) is equivalent to a loss in view of the source video ( a cinema ticket/dvd purchase/legal stream of the movie ) . 
  but that is n't the case . 
  people who watch the gif would n't have been watching the video anyway , if it were presented . 
  does n't matter . 
  that 1/100th of people who viewed the gif and then clicked the video would not have viewed the video at * all * had the gif not been upvoted highly enough for them to see it to begin with . 
  the 99/100 are n't really lost views , because they were n't going to watch a video no matter what , and the last 1 is a * gained * viewer relative to before . 
  so the sharing of the gif was a net gain . 
  grey and brady only view it as a loss because they are erroneously assuming that the 99/100 would have viewed the video otherwise . 
  you joke , but the war between america and england was actually from 1812 to 1815 , so yes , it really was in 1814 . 
  the other `` war of 1812 '' , the french-russian one ( you know , the one tchaikovsky wrote some awesome music about ) , on the other hand , was truly only in 1812 . 
  which one ? 
  the british-american one that went from 1812 to 1815 , or the french-russian one that started and ended in 1812 , and had awesome music made about it ? 
  hey , i do n't wan na be rude , but that 's not how you use `` aka '' . 
  aka stands for `` also known as '' , and it does n't really make sense in this context . 
  what you were looking for was `` i.e. '', 
  ( which roughly translates to `` that is to say '' ) , or perhaps `` e.g. '', 
  ( which roughly means `` for example '' ) . 
  really ? 
  what 's the name of the episode ? 
  i 've never seen it . 
  also `` form ing '' . 
  oh man i love these . 
  any chance you 've got the template for them ? 
   first cousins are not genetically close enough for there to be any biological issues . 
  this is not true . 
  there likelihood of issues with just a single generation is very low , but the relation is close enough that many generations of first cousins can lead to problems . 
  oh right . 
  i was hoping for an mun episode of the simpsons :(, 
  but anyway , the exact line from the community episode was :,
