  his third symphony is ofter regarded as the first piece of romantic music written . 
  he was also hugely political . 
  his third symphony was originally dedicated to napoleon , whom he saw as a great revolutionary . 
  when he heard napoleon had declared himself emperor , however , he famously destroyed the inscription ( reports vary as to whether he tore out the page or merely struck out the inscription , possibly to the extent that the page was ripped ) . 
  he was known to not get on very well with the aristocracy . 
  his deafness was not from birth , and indeed he was already a notable composer before he started going significantly deaf . 
  a major part of his going deaf was a performance of his 5th piano concerto `` emperor '' ( a title not given by beethoven himself ) . 
  this was the last time he himself performed . 
  his love life has been a major controversy , but personally i do n't find it that interesting . 
  it may be worth looking up , though . 
  his music is known to be frequently angry sounding , but he has sweeter pieces as well , as well as a good collection of incredibly sad ones . 
  good examples :, 
  * 5th symphony ( not just the first movement ), 
  * piano sonata no. 14 ( `` moonlight '' ) ( again , not just the first movement ), 
  ** edit about beethoven ** he was known to be an angry person through his life , and this probably affected his compositions very significantly . 
  the pinnacle of baroque composition ( known for complex contrapuntal forms , with smaller orchestras mainly of strings ) , his death is considered to mark the end of the baroque era . 
  he is considered the master of counterpoint , a style in which there are multiple different `` voices '' -- melodic lines -- that are harmonically related , but not melodically or through contour ( how the notes go up and down ) . 
  in particular he is famous for his fugues , a particularly complex form with multiple voices that introduces the theme at the beginning through imitation , and returns throughout the piece . 
  his well-tempered clavier is a book with a set of preludes and fugues in every possible key ( both major and minor ) . 
  he was married twice and fathered 8 children ( i 'm sure i 've heard these numbers be larger , but i 've just checked [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bach_family ) ) . 
  he is often regarded as * the * greatest composer in history , having a major influence on virtually every composer after him . 
  good examples :, 
  * brandenburg concertos ( i 'm going to recommend no. 2 since i studied it in high school , but they 're a good collection as a whole . ), 
  * jesu , joy of man 's desiring, 
  * toccata and fugue in d minor ( usually attributed to bach , but this has been challenged by many scholars . ), 
  the only other composer i 'm comfortably familiar with is mozart , but at the time i loaded this page you already had a really good answer about him , so i 'll leave it at that . 
  edit : i will mention my recommended listening for mozart , though this is going to be very biased as i 'm a huge fan of his later works , and not so many of his earlier ones . 
  * piano concerto no. 21, 
  * requiem ( he had orchestrated this as far as the lacrimosa when he died, 
  * clarinet concerto ( the last instrumental work he completed ), 
  beethoven is considered a transitory between classical and romantic ( his third symphony is usually considered the first romantic piece ) . 
  but the classical side of him is perfect for the point i was making before , that * most * but not necessarily all classical composers fit this . 
  ( some romantic composers would also probably fit , and definitely some 20thc like satie . ), 
  anyway , that stuff about the mathematical symmetry is really interesting . 
  it would be really intriguing to know if there have been any studies specifically linking * that * aspect with various brain functions , particularly sleep . 
  do you know if the same correlation coefficient exists in any other composers ' music ? 
  the entire collection of beethoven symphonies is fantastic . 
  the even numbered ones are usually considered weaker ( with the exception of the 6th , which is one of the first major pieces of programme music , or non-vocal music that has some sort of story to go with it ) . 
  his piano sonatas are also brilliant , i 'm particularly fond of number 8 ( `` path\u00e9tique '' ) . 
  you may recognise its second movement from somewhere without being able to name exactly where , and its third movement has been made into dance remixes , so you might also recognise that . 
  for mozart , you probably know a lot of the music from his operas , as well as eine kleine nachtmusik . 
  i hope someone else can fill in the details with bach , as i 've only scratched the surface with him . 
  oooh !, 
  i love that benjamin zander talk . 
  classical music with shining eyes is just brilliant . 
  i was actually learning that chopin prelude at the time i first saw it , so it was really cool to see him play , and it definitely influenced my performing of it . 
   if you 've ever tried to play chopin it sometimes seems impossible to reach the full length of some of his chords . 
  chopin 's a chump . 
  try rachmaninov . 
  ( let 's see if we can get a classical music flame war going !!, 
  ^ ^ but ^ ^ not ^ ^ really . ), 
  a little nightmusic , yes . 
  it 's one of his more famous pieces . 
  some of his piano sonatas you probably know , too ( the zander talk uses a piano sonata in c by mozart ) . 
  it probably is just a coincidence , although a similar thing is seen outside of music sometimes ( mac os x versions , iphones , windows versions , etc. , where it is often called a tick-tock effect ) . 
  maybe it 's something deeper than the realm of / r/classicalmusic . 
  incidentally , beethoven 's 5th and 6th symphonies were premiered at the same concert , and the 6th was actually the first of them performed . 
  well yeah , actually in the case of os x versions and the iphone ( if you ignore the most recent one , the iphone 5 , which is a minor update ) it 's clearly not a case of good-bad-good-bad , but large-small-large-small . 
  windows also has the large-small thing going on , windows 8 is a big step up over 7 , and 7 was small over vista . 
  with windows , though , there 's another clock going at the same time , which really is good-bad-good-bad . 
  me was bad , xp was good , vista was bad , 7 is good . 
  many people do n't like 8 , but it wo n't be until a while after its release that we can determine whether or not it was a success ( and therefore whether or not it bucks the trend ) . 
  ah , thanks , that makes much more sense . 
  fits much better with what i 've heard in the past . 
  i 'll write a few small details about some other composers i know , just in case no one who knows them better comes along , but i hope someone can add much more detail in these cases . 
  a czech composer ( and the only famous composer from there , that i know of ) . 
  his musical style is very nationalistic . 
  he famously visited new york at some point in his life , and this inspired his 9th symphony `` from the new world '' , as well as the `` american '' quartet . 
  he was influenced by the politics of his area , for example using the theme from a patriotic song in his string quartet in d major , a tune that was a the time banned from playing . 
  recommended listening ( other than the ones mentioned above ) :, 
  he obtained a formal western musical education , making him different to `` the five '' , a group of russian nationalistic composers . 
  he suffered from depression , and he was homosexual , though how much this affected his composing is debated . 
  though today he is known most for his ballets ( swan lake , the nutracker , and sleeping beauty ) , during his lifetime he was not considered a very good ballet composer . 
  recommended listening :, 
  * 1812 overture ( i recommend you find a * full * version of it , as it is too easy to come across abridged versions . 
  the full version is approximately 16 minutes long , give or take . ), 
  * violin concerto, 
  a prolific composer of the classical period . 
  he wrote 104 symphonies , and is known as the father of the symphony , as well as of the string quartet . 
  his last 12 symphonies are known as the london symphonies , with the 104th particularly being * the * london symphony , written while he was in london . 
  he is known for musical jokes , such as surprise endings and a sudden loud chord in a slow movement of his `` surprise '' symphony . 
  during his lifetime he turned to a style of music known as sturm und drang , or storm and stress . 
  this style can be seen as a precursor to the romantic era , in that it aims to be expressive , and works are generally larger scale . 
  haydn tutored beethoven for a short time , and was friendly with mozart ( who dedicated some of his string quartets , the `` haydn '' quartets '' to him ) . 
  recommended listening :, 
  * symphony 101 , the clock, 
  * missa in tempori belli ( aka paukenmesse , kettledrum mass , or timpani mass ), 
  * virtually any of his string quartets, 
  agreed , i do n't like mozart very much at all . 
  i * love * a few of his pieces ( mainly later ones , the 40th and 41st symphonies , the requiem , the clarinet concerto ) , but beyond that mozart feels to me kinda like what gives classical music a bad name ( i.e. , kinda dull and boring ) . 
  that said , i 've come to appreciate his music more as i listen to it more than i used to . 
  i find most of my favourite composers are romantic ( beethoven , tchaikovsky , rachmaninov , dvorak ) , with a good few 20th c ones ( mainly stravinsky , debussy , satie , prokofiev , the more `` accessible '' ones ) . 
  most of it is , yes . 
  the music of the sturm und drang period is not so much , but a lot of his music is quite cheerful . 
  yeah , i realised that you meant an abstract person . 
  i 'm just saying that i think if the only thing one had learned was microeconomics , their assessment of this situation would work ( ceteris paribus ) . 
  damn , that story about siloti is brilliant !, 
  i never knew that liszt had such strong influences from beethoven , but learning that puts the piano transcriptions of beethoven 's symphonies ( which i already knew about ) into new perspective . 
  also from stravinsky : [ le sacre du printemps , or the rite of spring ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ujoagihg7a ) . 
  for mussorgsky , i 'd recommend checking out the whole picture 's at an exhibition , with ravel 's transcription for orchestra .
