  need to add smarties into there too !, 
  responsibilities can be washed away , but anyone who gets hurt in any way by you doing so has every right to complain about it , which is the point he 's trying to make . 
  historically they have usually been largely ceremonial , however she actually has a * huge * amount of power , including the theoretical ability to refuse to hold a double dissolution , or to call an election whenever she wants . 
  disclaimer : this is only based on my understanding from reading wikipedia and a few other sources , and i * could * be wrong . 
  never heard of brooks or saucony . 
  as a result i had to place those two brands at 3 and 4 , because i wanted them close to the middle and wanted, 
  missing * major * running shoe brands like new balance . 
  does n't include `` other '' as a gender option . 
  ( many people on this subreddit consider this important . ), 
  i guess i 'm technically `` southeast '' . 
  about as far south east you can go without being a kiwi . 
  this is an instance in which the oxford or `` serial '' comma would be useful for removing ambiguity . 
   from 9gag , most certainly fake , and not at all funny . 
  makes it clear that this is a list of three things , and not a statement followed by a pair . 
   the risks of mistakes is so small, 
  i do n't care who holds that opinion , it 's patently wrong . 
  as many as [ 1 % of executions since 1976 in the us ] ( http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/executed-possibly-innocent ) have strong evidence that they were innocent . 
  perhaps the supreme court believes that is small enough that it does n't warrant abolishing capital punishment . 
  every other western nation in the world disagrees with this view , and any reasonable degree of morality would lead people to the same conclusion . 
   one study showed that ... there was a higher mortality rate among non-deth [ sic ] row inmates than death row inmates, 
  that seems more like an argument in favour of giving non -- death row inmates the same protections death row inmates get rather than anything else . 
   a free jail cell with free food and free health insurance ? 
  yes , because gaol should n't be about justice . 
  i can understand the victim and relatives of victims wanting justice , but that should n't be the goal . 
  the goal of gaol should be to rehabilitate criminals where possible , and keep them away from society so that they can not harm anyone else where rehabilitation is not possible . 
   the government represents the majority, 
  this is off topic , and i do n't want to go off on a tangent debating it , but this is n't quite true . 
  in the house of representatives in the us , a party needs theoretically only just over 25 % of the total votes in order to have a majority . 
  [ the required threshold for winning the presidency is even lower . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/7wc42hgla4k?t=4m18s ), 
  not quite . 
  if you have to ask , it 's best to assume it 's a scam , even if there 's a chance it 's not . 
  this is exactly the way i was going to reply , but you worded it so much more elegantly . 
  anything that is designed to be on the internet should explicitly mention a currency , but if it 's a physical document in a certain country , and that country does n't have any ambiguity with the currency to use , then it 's safe to assume that the local currency is being used . 
  though it 's still bizarre to me that they would n't put a little ' $ ' next to each number . 
  is n't even very obtrusive . 
  could i just add a friendly reminder that units * are * case sensitive . 
  1 mw is very different from 1 mw . 
  while w does n't have any particular meaning , other examples of units , such as s for seconds and s for siemens do make a difference . 
  cheers . 
  in all seriousness , i would say it should go to at least hobart , but preferably darwin . 
  a better question , i think , is how much of each city should be covered ? 
  do you take only the top three cities but cover even the most extreme outskirts of the city , or cover the top 30 cities , but only the very centre ? 
  ( or , realistically , somewhere in between the two . ), 
  i got a passage from that in an english exam one time . 
  is it worth reading the whole thing ? 
  happened to me recently . 
  i bought a product on ebay , but what got sent to me was faulty . 
  i contacted the seller and they asked me to pay them the shipping fee to send a replacement , outside of ebay 's official channels . 
  i was worried it was a scam , so i said i would be willing to pay it , but only through ebay 's official channels . 
  turns out it was n't a scam , they ended up just sending a replacement completely free of charge . 
  and then i discovered that the * product * they sent me to begin with was n't actually faulty , but the cable was . 
  so now i 've got two massive external batteries . 
  yay . 
  sounds like more of a bug to me , that second one . 
  that 's one of their most important features , and it 's still working for me . 
  you should check your search preferences . 
  you may have accidentally set a keyword for youtube -- which is a handy idea anyway . 
  for example , i 've got youtube set to yt , so i just type `` yt cats '' and it searches youtube for cats . 
  it 's 1 kjk ^ ( -1 ) kg ^ ( -1 ) , is n't it ? 
  edit : damn , no . 
  increasing the temperature of water has easy values when using calories , not joules . 
  well , in this context it does n't make sense , but it could be used to refer to the rate of change of power output . 
  he was indeed a horrid person , but i do n't think anyone ( or at least , many people ) changed their tune when he died . 
  many people recognise he was a bad human being , but he did * incredible * things to help the advancement of consumer technology . 
  it 's not a popular thing to say on reddit , but it 's true . 
  i hear people saying this a lot , but it 's never been my experience . 
  perhaps it 's just not something i really pay attention to , but i 've always had someone take my order when i 'm ready , bring the correct meal , and not be a dick . 
  that 's all i want from the staff at a restaurant , and that 's what i 've gotten every time . 
  if they were to try to be overly friendly that would probably creep me out . 
  let 's be honest , though , you probably forgot the other guy 's name not long after , too . 
  i 'm curious , how is it approached in schools ? 
  do they teach about the holocaust in german schools at all , and if so , from what sort of perspective ? 
  i ask because from what i 've heard , japan basically ignores the horrors that they committed during wwii , which seems to me the wrong way to go about things . 
  ah thanks . 
  sounds like they approach it in the best possible way . 
  the worst is when the outbound 412 stops in the spot that the inbound ones are supposed to stop in . 
  i do n't usually check the front , just rely on it stopping where it 's bloody supposed to . 
   i 'm a little dubious of fairfax 's brisbanetimes, 
  d'aww !, 
  have you got more ? 
  it 's adorable !, 
  i 've heard that this is sometimes done to make sure people are n't randomly pressing buttons . 
  my ict teacher in what the us would call ` middle-school ' previously worked in some sort of enterprise it environment . 
  he told us a story about how at the place he used to work , they had a desk up against a wall with a picture of superman on it . 
  if they had any problems , they were to grab their stuff , carry it up to superman , and describe the problem to him . 
  it works in exactly the way you just described . 
  i was there over your summer . 
  no fuckin ' rain at all , only 30 \u02da heat , and everyone was acting as though it was 40 \u02da + . 
  quite amusing , actually . 
  that just makes it look like `` he '' is either god or a royal . 
  actually i think it 's legal to bring gum in , just so long as you do n't spit it out and leave it on the ground . 
  they just do n't sell it in the country . 
  for what it 's worth , some linguists would argue that the two are merely dialects of the same language . 
  i do n't think it 's the commonly held opinion , but it does exist . 
  i lived in vietnam from age 13 -- 18 , and was perfectly able to order drinks , enter clubs , whatever right from the beginning of that . 
  aussie here , who the fuck does this ? 
  ah yeah , my understanding is that the linguistic definition of a language is mutual intelligibility , so if most portuguese have trouble understanding most spanish , then the two languages would be classed as separate languages . 
  i 'm australian , and i 'll make fun of the haka as much as i damn well please . 
  ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ makes ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ feel ^ ^ ^ better ^ ^ ^ about ^ ^ ^ our ^ ^ ^ sporting ^ ^ ^ losses .
