  not `` r/funny content '' , but content * about * r/funny . 
  could you explain this to me ? 
  what jewish stereotype does it play on , and in what way ? 
  what 's the reason for that ? 
  is physx itself poorly optimised ? 
  or perhaps their use of it ? 
  or does it just really require expensive graphics ? 
  thanks tony abbott !, 
  i was thinking along completely different lines . 
  thought it had something to do with the stereotype of being money horders or something . 
  ah cheers . 
  i have to say my 9800 never really noticed any particular issues , but then i never really tried running games that would require much of it ( aoe iii is the only game i can remember playing on it that boasted of it 's nvidea physx ) . 
  i agree , but rather than clogging up everyone 's timelines , one mega thread would be nice . 
  i love their method , but i 'm really disappointed in the results . 
  i have n't gone through all the parties in detail , but on first look it seems i 'll have to vote below the line , because pirate party is going to get my first preference , but i do n't like how their ticket distributes after that . 
  still , absolutely can not fault them for doing it in such an open and democratic way . 
  looking at some of these kooky one-issue parties ( smoker 's rights , stop the greens , shooters and fishers ) , maybe someone needs to make a party called `` stv for the reps '' . 
  82 's the count i got as well . 
  first on the ballot is the `` animal justice party '' -- at least according to [ below the line ] ( http://www.belowtheline.org.au/state/qld.html ) -- followed by the lnp . 
  nah , doubt it . 
  i 'd say that would more likely belong to one of the ones involved in operation aurora australis . 
  [ here 's a link of their report ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_3kl-xtfx7dbnc7tbtbmbmmzjkzj1m7eku0ygkoxpo0/pub ), 
  and the two links i got from googling it ( which led me to that above link ) :, 
  and their reported longest link : 1957 km, 
  and just for fun , the total length of all links combined was 38,293 km , 3.005 times the earth 's diameter ( according to the people involved ) . 
  they were n't really trying to keep things logical , just throw as many references in as possible . 
  honestly , i 'm probably going to vote 1 pirate party . 
  unfortunately despite their brilliant democratic process for deciding preferences , they do n't line up with my preferences , so i 'll be voting below the line . 
  this sort of thing is incredibly common . 
  i 've had the same experience in fencing . 
  righties are completely unused to fighting someone left handed , and the way you interact with them is completely different in this situation . 
  it 's only going to help as you keep going , because you 'll get used to fighting right handed people , but your opponents ( apart from frequent sparring partners ) will all be used to fighting righties so you 'll throw them off . 
  just beware when you face a lefty , because the style of fighting will be significantly different to what you 're used to ( though somewhat ironically , it would ideally be more similar to what two righties would face ) . 
  the guy that took that wider angle tiananmen square photo [ did an ama a while back ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/ve4sh/i_was_the_ap_staff_photographer_in_beijing_during/ ) . 
  i have to say i 'm surprised op included that one and the street level one , but not the most famous one . 
  yeah , it really threw me . 
  enough that i needed to look into it more because i was rather confused . 
  [ it seems that the situation is actually far worse than the pirate party was willing to say ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/1klqvb/a_psa_about_the_australian_democrats/ ) . 
  i 'm fairly sure i learned how to read an analogue clock before i could read digital ... 
  so which is the one fielding candidates in this election ? 
  my understanding is it 's australian-democrats , but i 'm not entirely sure . 
  thanks for providing the source , looks like it 'll be a great comic to read . 
  one suggestion , though , maybe recommend to your friend that they make the `` next '' `` previous '' etc. 
  buttons easier to find ( ideally at both the top and bottom of the comic ) . 
  i just spent about 30 seconds looking for it , that 's bad design . 
  ( op , see what i mean ! ), 
  they 're down the bottom of the comic on the right hand side . 
  the problem is they 're aligned such that they look like they 're attached to the text description , and are at the top right of that . 
  it causes your eye to just skip over it . 
  was this old man korean ? 
  because from my experience living there , that 's pretty much par for the course . 
  they 're extremely bizarre people , bit usually in an adorable kind of way . 
  me , i usually find taking shoes off too much of a pain to do at the doorway . 
  i usually walk over to the couch first to do it . 
  when you say `` it can store variables and you can do arithmetic with complex numbers easily '' , you 're referring to the fx82 , right ? 
  even if it did happen , how would it work ? 
  in qld the lnp is a single party , what would happen here ? 
  sex party has n't announced either side of it ( though when asked about the nbn they specifically said they support infrastructure in general ) , so it could be inferred they would support it . 
  ausdems have n't announced a policy . 
  the liberal democrats have n't announced anything , though they did say `` an immediate end to government ownership of business enterprises '' , and in general they 're against government doing anything like this . 
  and as far as i can tell wikileaks do n't have an official stance on this ( though , like the sex party , i 'd be surprised if they do n't support it ) . 
  yeah , good point . 
  you 're absolutely right , mps can change allegiance ( and there have been plenty of examples of that in the last 6 years ) . 
  i did n't even think of that happening , though . 
  seems pretty useful , however :, 
   the policies of the political parties who received over 1 % of first preference senate votes in the 2010 general election, 
  which means a fair few parties that people here may want to consider/are considering ( pirate party and wikileaks in particular , as well as the australian democrats -- kinda ... ), 
  you keep talking about winrt . 
  i do n't think you really know what that term means . 
  windows rt is the name of the arm version of windows . 
  it 's what you get on the microsoft surface rt tablet , and a couple of other devices . 
  it exclusively uses the new interface , previously known as the metro interface ( most people still use this name , although i believe its official name is modern ui or something ) , except for running microsoft office , which goes on the desktop . 
  windows rt is more comparable to ios ( on ipads ) or android ( on tablets ) than it is to windows , mac os , or linux , and should not be brought up in a discussion about windows 8 as an operating system . 
  almost as bad as civ . 
  start at 8 in the evening , 10 minutes later it 's 8:10 in the evening . 
  ^ the ^ day ^ after, 
  a monarchy with a separate head of state . 
  who just happens to be the same person . 
  elizabeth windsor is n't the `` queen of the united kingdom , australia , and canada '' ( to cut it short ) . 
  she is the queen of the united kingdom , the queen of australia , and the queen of canada , separately . 
  this is the basic economic argument behind quality healthcare , and is very similar to the argument for a good education system , as well . 
  these things are crucial to the working of any economy , and not having them universally provided is just bizarre . 
  [ samsung ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sabl2wy1uzo ) . 
  for context , what he says about halfway through about how people love him for his unbiased opinions is n't tooting his own horn at all , it is absolutely , completely , true . 
  for me personally , and a lot of other people , he 's the absolute number one source of information about cameras and phones . 
  the fact that i do n't like all the crapware and gimmicks samsung puts on their phones does n't help either . 
  ( loving my nexus 4 , though . ), 
   what is your occupation ? 
  based on what the answers are , it should be `` what is your employment status '' , or similar . 
   how often do you purchase new gadgets ? 
  should have an option for `` less than once per year '' , for people who buy more often than * never * , but do n't buy one every year . 
  other than that , pretty good survey . 
  what happened in kansas ? 
  actually that is the law across the us . 
  i 've heard a lot of people say that it 's irrelevant , though , because a worker would n't tell their employer if they did n't make minimum wage through tips , because the employer would view this as an indication they 're a bad worker . 
  only a two week delay . 
  that 's not half bad . 
  yeah , i never thought of it like that before either . 
  it works a lot less on the standard wired landline today than it did on much older ones ( with mouth and earpieces separate ) , though , so i guess it 's reasonable not to have noticed . 
  fun fact , on cars today it 's actually cheaper to put in automatic windows than roll down ones .
