  i agree . 
  this moment was just so poignant . 
  the contrast of how happy and cheerful iroh always is with how he must feel inside about the loss of his beloved son is just so touching . 
  i 'm a huge tolkien fan , but i ca n't say i remember ever tearing in any of his works . 
  unfortunately i saw the movies very young , but had n't read the book , so i never got the full impact of gandalf 's death . 
  i suppose boromir 's may have gotten me close , honestly i do n't remember . 
  one little-known series that i cried at the end of was darren shan 's circque du freak saga ( officially known as `` the saga of darren shan '' ) . 
  not going to say any more than that , but it was really sad . 
  rules 1 through 6, 
  i found it very unusual that aang never tried to learn the healing aspects of waterbending . 
  the survey says combustion man is n't his actual name . 
  in fact , in the commentary of the episode he 's in , the writers referred to him as combustion man . 
  not true fire , but stars are often thought of as fire . 
  stars which emit more energy ( i.e. , are `` hotter '' ) also have shorter wavelengths of the light they emit at greatest intensity . 
  in essence , hotter stars are bluer , even if it is n't true for real fire . 
  ouch man . 
  what year did you take it ? 
  i 'm going for my certificate in three months . 
  hl physics though , not chem ( hence i changed the argument from fire to stars above :p ), 
  the script was better than the movie . 
  incorrect . 
  a trillion times 0 is still 0 . 
  i can see why you 'd say that , but if he 's going to do that he should probably go for different courses . 
  an ib student is going to be sleeping a hell of a lot less than someone doing a less rigorous course ( read : almost any other course offered in western countries ) . 
  i 'd wager towards the end of ib would have less sleep than university level . 
  also , by average does he mean simply take the mean , or are we talking specifically during the week . 
  in other words , to holidays and weekends count ? 
  when i filled this out , i assumed no , but others may assume different , resulting in inaccurate results . 
  the movie gets a zero . 
  therefore whatever the value of your poo , it can not be measured as a multiple of the movie . 
  hahaha , i guess even the stript writers and producers do n't know his real name , then :d, 
  i love using them when i 'm on windows . 
  on my mac , command left and right works wonders too . 
  why not use the correct key for each word ? 
  if you use your left hand to press the letter ( a , s , and d , if you use qwerty , for example ) , then use the right shift , and vice versa . 
  correction . 
  if you 're using qwerty and typing properly . 
  on dvorak s and b would be left shifted , while a is right shifted . 
  he said left pinky . 
  that 's a whether you use qwerty or dvorak . 
  also , i always love meeting another dvorak typist !!, 
  hey :d, 
  at least part of my problem is that it 's such a dramatic turn from their timidity during the series . 
  i definitely love sokka 's reaction to it , and the way katara and aang react to his reaction , but i do n't like the initial premise . 
  i think i agree with joobeejoo , it seems to me that any water-bender has the potential to be able to heal , they 'd just need to learn or discover how . 
  it does n't even seem to be a particularly difficult skill , as katara could do it , without even knowing it was a possible skill , before going to the northern water tribe , at which point her waterbending was weaker than aang 's . 
  [ actually ] ( http://www.fileinfo.com/extension/kpg ), 
  i ignored weekends . 
  i felt that since the survey is about age he 's probably going to consider the fact that highschool and university age people get less sleep . 
  i did n't want to ruin this by adding in weekends and holidays . 
  all the systems that i 'm familiar with have some sort of high school system . 
  it may not be the same as the us , but there 's some distinguishing between primary and secondary education . 
  aww , korean 's an awesome language . 
  it may seem hard at first on account of the different script , but it 's actually incredibly easy , relatively speaking . 
  their virtual 100 % literacy rate is nothing to do with asian smartness , or their education system , but simply that korean is * so damn easy to read * . 
  english has countless weirdnesses like `` enough '' , `` knight '' , and `` would '' . 
  not to mention french , where `` manger '' , `` mang\u00e9 '' , `` mangez '' , and `` mangeais '' are all * meant * to be pronounced the same . 
  korean is completely phonetic , and takes even a second language speaker a matter of weeks to master ( in terms of reading , even if you do n't understand the words ) . 
  their grammar rules are not overly complex , either . 
  edit : mangeais, 
  / slaps across the face with a glove, 
  i somehow read that as nomincraftforfree.com ... 
  hahaha touch\u00e9 . 
  but yes , there are those among us that choose to forsake the keyboard designed to slow you down , even if it means a dramatic slowdown temporarily , and awkwardness using other people 's computers . 
  ah , i was wondering about that one . 
  personally , i know it 's wrong , but i pronounce manger and mang\u00e9 differently , even though i know they 're meant to be the same . 
  it just seems ... wrong . 
  maybe mange , mangent , and some of the other words ( mangaient ? ), 
  that are bizarrely pronounced the same as them would have been a better example . 
  do n't get me wrong , i ca n't speak very much korean at all . 
  when i was learning it , i never really got into much grammar stuff until the third of three years , so my understanding of korean grammar is very limited . 
  i think , however , that it is relatively easy . 
  asian languages tend to have easy grammar . 
  i also love the number system , although it is a bit odd in a metric world that 10,000 has its own word . 
  the fact that there are two systems is both really weird and really cool . 
  then telling the time , and switching between the two !!, 
  funny thing is , i 've pointed it out to koreans , and i remember one being amazed at it . 
  it 's so natural for them they did n't even realise how cool/weird it is . 
  maybe we should use the korean alphabet with a slightly modified version of english , then ? 
  i know that traditional korean has many honorifics and speech levels , but it was my understanding that this has been getting less with time , to the point where it 's not too overwhelming for a non-native speaker . 
  as i 've admitted , i only had a very limited education in the language , but talking to koreans about it ( in english ) leads me to believe this to be the case . 
  i 'm definitely willing to admit that i 'm wrong , though , if need be . 
  maybe we should team up !, 
  spanish is completely phonetic , or it has incredibly weirdnesses ? 
  i learnt it for a while , and while i 'd say it 's a lot better in that respect than english , it 's still not as phonetic as korean . 
  definitely does n't , in my memory , have the weirdness of french and english , but is n't quite deserving of being put on the same level of korean for phoneticism . 
  yeah , like when \u3145 \u3148 and \u314a are on the bottom , they make a sound more like \u3137 . 
  i also love how this one very rare irregular case has in irregular sub-case , when the next word starts with a \u3147 , and they act as though they fill that spot instead . 
  i 'm with the ewok , learning to read korean is actually ** incredibly ** easy . 
  it 's nearly perfectly phonetic , unlike english , and very unlike french . 
  while it may seem natural to those of us who grew up with the latin script , things like ch , how c acts in different contexts ( contacto vs donaciones, 
  you also left out spanish-specific ll . 
  as i original said , far far more phonetic than english , but not quite as ` good ' as korean . 
  very , very true . 
  was an interesting survey . 
  i 've sent an email asking to get the results when they 're available , but it would be nice to see them posted to reddit , too . 
  athletes needing stamina ( marathons and the like ) will often train at high altitudes in order to increase their red blood cell count , and carry more oxygen in their blood . 
  it 's so well understood that it was in my igcse sports science curriculum , so it 's probably not that advanced an idea . 
  this is why i love the fact that australia has compulsory voting . 
  it effectively forces people to think about which candidate/party they prefer and why .
