  okay this is great , but why would you not start by ejecting baggage ? 
  just a thought . 
   the base supply is controlled by the central bank ; they lend new money into existence from thin air . 
  if that supply is increased for political reasons , which can and does happen, 
  interesting . 
  is this referring to western democracies , or to some other countries ? 
  because i was under the impression that , at least in western democracies , the central bank is generally independent and not controlled by the government . 
  or is this saying that despite their independence , they act politically ( either in an attempt to aid or to stop a government -- or something else ) anyway ? 
  niantic is now an independent company . 
  spun off is really the most accurate succinct way to describe it . 
  they already acted as a relatively autonomous group ( wikipedia describes it as `` an internal startup at google '' ) , it 's just now official . 
  whoever was previously the team leader is now the ceo , etc. 
   but google funded it , and continue to be a prime investor in pokemon go ... so they just get a return from niantic ? 
  seems odd to control so much finacing without having control . 
  actually i believe that 's fairly normal . 
  companies and individuals ( angel investors etc. ), 
  invest in others all the time . 
  they may have board seats , but not day-to-day oversight . 
  also ceo is or was google 's head of geo ? 
  not sure . 
  i do n't really know who is who . 
  i suspect not , however . 
  that was the common rumour/theory , but google and niantic repeatedly denied it . 
  whether you believe them or not is up to you . 
  hahaha yeah , that xkcd really infuriates me . 
  it still does n't solve the biggest problem with passwords , which is that you need to remember a separate password for every account , or compromise security by having a single strong one used everywhere . 
  randall 's system is easier than remembering pseudo-random passwords , but it 's not gon na help much when you need upwards of 12 individual ones . 
  the only thing people should be recommending is password managers like lastpass , which can then store 20 + character pseudo-randomly generated passwords unique to each site . 
  i love randall 's work , but that particular comic does more harm than good . 
  it 's difficult to explain the cryptology here without a thorough base understanding , but this allows you to check your own if you want to , but not anyone else 's , because you generate a random number each time you vote that represents your ballot . 
  it 's random so it ca n't be used to identify you , but the blind signature means that you ca n't vote more than once . 
  if you 're worried about being coerced to reveal your own , you can destroy the number without keeping note of it . 
  again , since it 's a large random number , it 's impossible to remember it yourself , so if you do n't save it to your computer or you delete it and wipe it , you ca n't be forced to give it up . 
  ah good point . 
  i usually rock up early afternoon . 
  i actually just edited the above comment addressing this issue . 
  i do n't think that 's legal . 
  you can discreetly sell it if you like , but no one can legally be forced to say what their number is . 
  if you want to sell it anyway , there 's nothing stopping you from finding some other number that voted the way the person who paid you said you should , and then saying that was yours . 
  there is no way to prove it was n't . 
  today 's system is actually more vulnerable to this , too . 
  just take a photo of your ballot paper and that 's your proof . 
  pretty hard to fake that in the way you can just claim a different ballot was yours . 
  that identifier can be destroyed incredibly easily . 
  the system could be made to automatically destroy it after the voter is given enough time to verify their own vote is on the blockchain . 
  the fact is that this system can be made to meet all requirements of a voting system . 
  there ** is no ** argument against that . 
  it 's not particularly practical to implement for a number of reasons , and it might be possible for malware on a user 's computer to record their vote or even hijack it before they get a chance to vote . 
  these are completely reasonable arguments to make against electronic voting . 
  but the arguments you are making -- like any argument against the system by saying it does n't meet the more basic requirements of a voting system -- simply do not hold up . 
  * [ evil tory theme tune ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuto5ygu7y4 ) is probably my second favourite , after the fugue . 
  * [ cameron 's last waltz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gygfojwqycw ) is rather nice , too , and has by far the coolest name of the bunch . 
  * [ cameron 's lament ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cn6sqy_ljc ) is my least favourite of the bunch , but here it is for completeness . 
  someone theorised that he was attempting to hum the opening of [ shostakovich 's fifth symphony ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p0-wpoaztw ) . 
  can definitely see where they 'd have gotten that idea from . 
  richard grayson is probably the most well known person for doing that kind of thing these days , but if this is representative of her usual quality , i think she 's probably a bit better than him at it . 
  i 've not come across her before , so i do n't know how good she generally is . 
  holy fuck this is some of the worst reffing i 've ever seen . 
  they 're not , but they certainly are entitled to reffing that 's at least trying to actually enforce the rules rather than blatantly pandering to one team . 
  you 're probably right most of the time , but it 's been pretty specially bad this game . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen such shit reffing ... 
  what 've they been saying ? 
  i can hear them over the other people i 'm watching the game with ( though in general not being able to hear them is n't such a bad thing ... ) . 
  nsw 's best player has been gerard sutton . 
  the reffing was n't so terrible at first . 
  it got shit a little after queensland 's first try . 
  wtf a blastoise and you 're only level 9 ? 
  and here i am happy to have found a gods damned pikachu by level 11 ... 
  justified ? 
  what game are you watching ? 
  ffs in any weekly nrl game that would have been no try . 
  he 's kneed him in the head there . 
  by this game 's rules that should 've been a penalty . 
  nah this is pretty shit . 
  sutton deserves to be sacked over this . 
  nah , that 's okay . 
  video ref noticed it but was okay . 
  as long as it never touched a blue player . 
  i believe the reason is because it was off a kick . 
  if he threw it up to himself that would n't be allowed . 
  yeah , eat it queensland !, 
  you ca n't afford to pay off the refs !, 
  gerard sutton, 
  gerard sutton, 
  plus heaps that nsw should have been penalised for but were n't -- at least if the rules were being applied equally . 
  was it a post and the crossbar ? 
  my memory has it being both posts . 
  plus it was from at least 45 metres away too . 
  brilliant play . 
  i 'm glad the queensland players are being classy enough not to whinge about the bogus penalty count , but on the other hand , if there is n't a big stink about it the refs may not get their comeuppance . 
  what 's the time stamp ? 
  yeah that was the impression i got , too . 
  the emphasis on `` ever '' made it sound like they 're upset that it never happens . 
  literally infinite solutions with the information provided . 
  like trying to solve a maths equation with two variables , but only one equation . 
  yeah , everyone uses bing for that . 
  aww man i love habitrpg . 
  never was a fan of the name change , though . 
  / r/habitrpg for support , lfg , or just to talk about it more . 
  i like that there 's a distinct uptick in the red line at the same time as the blue line ( albeit not quite as large of one ) .
