  depending on who commissioned this survey , that may or may not have been the intention . 
  it may have been someone with a particular bias and they * want * the results to skew towards their view . 
  man that whole continuity thing looks bloody amazing , particularly with calls and texts . 
  anyone know a good way of doing the same kind of things between an android phone and a computer ( either mac or windows , or through chrome ) ? 
  man i am just so damn excited for the new interface . 
  in dark mode , of course , because that just looked completely awesome . 
  but i often feel like the only person who does n't hate windows 8 . 
  looking at the desktop only , it 's pretty much the same as windows 7 ( which people loved ) , but with a little less transparency . 
  and to be honest i like the way they did that . 
  add in some features like the `` shelfs '' ( i do n't know the official name ) that you can pin to the side using metro apps , which i think is really cool . 
  i keep the metro skype app pinned to the far side of my second monitor , which is much more convenient than using the desktop skype app and having it get hidden behind other programmes all the time . 
  i 'd honestly like to see a similar feature to that on my mac . 
  especially for watching videos while doing something else at the same time . 
  pique is definitely more correct , but this is one homophone that i find really interesting , because the alternative kinda works as well . 
  peak is n't entirely correct , but it makes sense , since one 's interest has increased significantly , which is sort of like reaching its peak . 
  but you 're absolutely right . 
  he did the same thing with mini ipads , if i recall correctly . 
  at the same time as opening up some areas , they 're introducing more features which tighten up their vertical integration , through all those brilliant features that come with continuity . 
  the easy wifi hotspots , sms integration , and most importantly the phone integration between phone and desktop are just amazing features . 
  ( as well as opening web tabs , although chrome has the same feature there . ), 
  i 'm slightly tempted to consider getting an iphone as my text smartphone , just because of the * increased * integration among apple 's devices , although i doubt this will be enough to tempt me away from android -- especially with i/o coming up soon . 
  ( not to mention i 'm a few years away from upgrading anyway . ), 
  i always love this time of year . 
  wwdc and i/o always give me massive technology-boners . 
  why not both ? 
  the difference is that i do n't have metro skype taking up the full second screen . 
  i have it taking up about a quarter of the second screen . 
  [ it looks kinda like this ] ( http://www.xgmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/skype_snapview.jpg ) , except instead of the larger one being another fullscreen app ( the screenshot looks like it 's probably the metro version of ie ) , i have the desktop . 
  ( i also have skype on the right , not the left , but that 's inconsequential . ), 
  oh , and it took me way too long to find a good screenshot , because i did n't know what the feature was called . 
  it 's apparently called `` snapping '' or `` snap view '' . 
  i think the biggest problem with this is that people see it as a pain , and so they * treat * it as a pain . 
  rather than the far more constructive approach of seeing something new , and asking themselves `` how can this improve my workflow ? 
  '' , which can lead to discovering all sorts of helpful little features . 
  i 'm only half way through the second book , and at the moment i 'm considering doing the same thing . 
  the show 's just so great and i just ca n't imagine reading it first would be a more engaging experience . 
  or thought for food . 
   imagine before the red wedding i 'd said to you `` oh , i wo n't tell you what happens but it 's really sad '' . 
  you 'd be waiting for it and i would n't be half as good . 
  the red wedding is probably the only thing that 's happened so far that has been spoiled for me before i watched it , and from what i 've heard from others , many people seem to have had a similar experience with that one . 
  i do n't know whether it 's accepted in dictionaries and whatnot ( and yes , that * is * an accepted compound word ) , but it 's a part of my vocabulary and i know i would argue strongly against anyone claiming it 's not a real word . 
  same with other weird contractions like i 'd 've . 
  more checks on what ? 
  i just meant getting paid a larger sum more frequently for the same work . 
  not talking about any level of realism . 
  maybe a spoiler tag on that ? 
  [ more than this ? 
  ] ( http://www.thejanedough.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/543243_10150938416037103_1882011091_n-626x391.jpg ), 
  i 'm just curious , why not put a little note in the animation correcting it ? 
  it would n't have taken very long or been very hard to do , so i can only assume it 's either for \u00e6sthetic reasons or because the thought did n't occur to you . 
  doubt it . 
  robots usually are n't the nth cousins of anyone , for * any * value of n. 
  you got something against using + + ? 
  you actually can use ; in python . 
  it 's not required , and it would normally be considered very bad practice to use it , but it will work . 
  it 's particularly useful if for some reason you want to put to statements on one line . 
  x = 1 ; y = 5, 
  x + = 1 ; y - = 1, 
  will end up with x = = 2 , y = = 4 in python . 
   p.s. 
  hear , hear . 
  relevant username . 
  i 'm really , really disappointed with how the assassin 's creed series has been handled . 
  [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/games/comments/1s7i7n/ubisoft_surveying_people_on_what_they_want_for/cdus492 ) really summed up how i felt about it :, 
   what i wanted in assassins creed was a concise set of games , four or five games , with a focused story the ultimately led to a modern day game where desmond miles topples the templars . 
   but no . 
   now we have a platform for games rather then a cohesive set of narratives . 
  with ac 1 , 2 , and broho it felt like they could be leading up to that . 
  the story was fantastic , and with the way broho ended it seemed like it was really going somewhere . 
  then with revelations , we got some really cool backstory to desmond , as well as the other guy in the animus . 
  really great stuff , and it certainly could have been building towards something , but at the same time it felt mostly like an interlude . 
  especially the ezio part of the game . 
  still , the desmond part could have been a sort of calm before the storm . 
  now , i 've not gotten around to playing 3 or 4 yet , but from what i 've heard from others , it seems they 've put the story on the backburner in a big way , and ac has turned into a platform to release yearly blockbuster games , not too dissimilar from call of duty . 
  it 's worth noting that at the speed of light you experience no time at all . 
  from your point of view you get from one side of the universe to the other instantaneously . 
  you can extend this to say that at very close to the speed of light , it could take only minutes , hours , or days ( depending on how close to the speed of light you are ) to go the same distance, 
  light can . 
  for a photon , it experiences everything instantaneously . 
  of course anything with mass ca n't travel at the speed of light . 
  my previous comment was merely for the purpose of demonstration . 
  i guess i assumed that 's what everyone called it . 
  i meant brotherhood . 
  i dunno , they 've already gone backwards in time once . 
  i 'm sure they could do it again if need be . 
  but anyway , that 's beside the point . 
  they 've already shown that they 've no interest in the story . 
  it 's been ruined by the last two games in the series , and i 'm not sure it could be recovered very easily . 
   all the tired and true, 
  i 'm not sure if that 's just a clever joke , but in case it is n't , the phrase is `` tried and true '' . 
  no , just a crossbow unfortunately . 
  i have n't come across a * recent * game with a mac port that 's anything less than incredible . 
  a lot of older ones are just terrible . 
  the witcher , in particular , is one that i 've just had to give up on because its port is completely unplayable , and even after using a custom wineskin , it 's frustrating . 
  that 's one game i 'll only be playing on my desktop pc . 
  but recently i 've been playing a lot of eso on my mac , and during the beta the mac client was actually * better * than the windows client ( many windows users were complaining about the lack of true fullscreen -- the mac version had true fullscreen ) . 
  at release the two clients are equally responsive . 
  games that get ported by aspyr ( including the civilization series ' more recent dlc ) are often released day-and-date with the windows version , and are always exceptionally high quality . 
  the way macs are designed is with a single aluminium casing . 
  because it 's metal , it conducts heat * very * well .
