  i 'm confused , how does this work ? 
  oh definitely . 
  i would n't dare try this with battlefield or cod . 
  it works fine , but is a pain with rts games ( i 'm not proficient enough to do much of it with the keyboard ) . 
  you shoulda put all the subreddits you hate . 
  now he 's gon na be going after all the ones you love . 
  fair enough . 
  everyone has their own preferences . 
  come to think of it , that would be a good standard for this whole thread . 
  huh . 
  that * is * interesting . 
  i 've never really thought about that phrase in other languages before . 
  haha wow . 
  that 's a brilliant system . 
  surely that would n't still work , though , would it ? 
  or it would n't work for most computer stores . 
  haha thanks . 
  now , of course take everything i say with a grain of salt , because it 's really subjective . 
  i know i 'm not the only one that feels this , and i would guess most people would agree , but certainly not everyone . 
  it 's just as good for clicking and moving around the cursor on screen . 
  the large size of it means it does n't suffer the same drawback that most touchpads have in being unbearable to use . 
  the multi-touch for clicking and dragging makes it nearly as good ( but not quite the same level ) as a traditional mouse . 
  where the advantage comes is in the other multi-touch gestures . 
  browsing the web you can do a quick swipe to the side to go back and forward . 
  when multitasking you can use another swipe to go back and forth between spaces ( assuming you put your browser in fullscreen : which works really well in conjunction with this swiping action for multitasking ) . 
  you have a quick gesture to get to the desktop , which i find more useful than win + d , which i use all the time on windows . 
  for those apps which support it , the ability to rotate using the touchpad is really handy , although unfortunately not a large number do work with this . . 
  another thing that 's easy to look over is how close it is to the keyboard . 
  you get this advantage with any touchpad , but my experience with them has been that they 're so bad that this does n't make up for it . 
  having it close to the keyboard makes it really easy to switch between mousing and typing , especially if you 're a touch typer . 
  as i said , if you 're doing stuff that requires a lot of precision like editing media or gaming , a mouse is still going to be better , of course . 
  no problem . 
  just so long as you do n't tell the same 5 stories a couple of times each year . 
  i just want to amend your original post a little . 
   innies can have social skills , they can like people and enjoy some socialising, 
  the can is important . 
  without that it implies someone who does n't like people can not be an introvert . 
  as far as i know , at least , whether someone has social skills or enjoys socialising is totally irrelevant to whether or not they are introverted . 
  seod or seoed . 
  absolutely correct . 
  it would n't be the mathematicians fixing this if it were n't true , but the regular old wikipedians . 
   on par with, 
  ftfy, 
  and yeah , i completely agree . 
  i trust wikipedia completely for anything non-essential ( papers/essays and the like ) . 
  huh ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  i read your first post . 
  i was simply correcting your grammar , where you said `` on bar with '' , regarding the older 2005 study . 
  then i was saying how i agree with you about the reliability of wikipedia these days . 
  of course , while i 'm here , i will take the time to mention that any encyclop\u00e6dia is a poor source for referencing in academic papers . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i 'm even a bit unsure as to whether it 's fair that wikipedia usually is n't considered reliable for high school , apart from the fact that it helps prepare for uni better . 
  my experience was with a teacher who had much longer and detailed stories , it 's just that he would tell them at least once per year . 
  he always managed to tie them back to the subject at hand , though . 
  moved, 
  i 've read a series of books that started with a note saying they were based on a true story . 
  the books were about vampires . 
  edit : it 's not `` a eeriest of books '' , it 's a series . 
  all of my comment was also meant to be in reply to him , not you . 
  whoops . 
  whoa dude , do n't twist my words . 
  i love teachers . 
  both my parents are teachers , and i 'm friendly with quite a few both in and out of school . 
  this particular teacher just happened to be an incredibly boring one , and not great at the teaching part . 
  he would hand out piles and piles of worksheets and notes ( actually he did n't hand them out , but put the sheets in piles , and made us go through and collect one after another ) , and say how these notes are absolutely important . 
  we never actually went through these sheets or questions in class , and never marked them . 
  whenever we had a test , we would not get it back for many weeks , and even then it was n't marked : we marked it together in class . 
  he was terrible with marking our ias ( internal assessments ) , too . 
  we were lucky enough that he left the school after our first year of the ib course , and our second teacher was incredible . 
  but unfortunately , one thing he made us realise was how far behind where we should be we were . 
  we had done far too few ias , and those that were done had been marked poorly , or had been lost completely . 
  we actually ended up going over the entire course again in one year , more or less . 
  his stories were actually fairly interesting the first time he tells them , but after hearing them 5 or 6 times in 4 years ( where most of the class is the same people ) , they just got boring . 
  i chose to mention that one very minor part of why this guy was a bad teacher just because it was relevant , that 's all . 
  and no one corrected the spelling of laser either . 
  hahahaha . 
  the series was called the darren shan saga , and i read it long before i had ever heard of twilight . 
  that 's what it * means * , yes . 
  but not necessarily how it 's used . 
  there 's absolutely nothing stopping me writing a story about sparkly purple bananas that walk , and saying it was based on a true story . 
  i 've read a series of books about vampires that claims at the beginning that it is based on a true story . 
  i speak a bit of french , and i never would have known what au fait means ... 
  and this is why i wish everyone would just use the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  it makes the difference between economic and social policies so easily clear . 
  you 'll learn when you 're older . 
  although when you consider that labor aims for taxes on mining , the nationals and liberals are both on the same line of thinking . 
  less government intervention ( i.e. , less taxes ) is what the libs support , and the nationals like that because in this case it means less taxes on an industry they support . 
  just one small issue out of the broader scope of things , though . 
  policies opposite their personal opinions * on social matters * . 
  maybe they support free-market economics , too ? 
  panoramic photos can be in portrait orientation , and they can be very nice like that . 
  it 's video that gets me . 
  ** never ever ever ** take video in portrait , unless you have a specific plan for how to present the video in a medium that makes it appropriate ( a custom-dimension video frame on a personal website , for example ) . 
  you know what i just realised we need ? 
  2d panoraming . 
  i 've never heard of an app that can do that , though there probably are some . 
  mostly it 's just linear panoramas either vertical or horizontal , unless you plan on doing the panorama yourself in photoshop . 
  no , but i could watch a 11-hour set of three movies . 
  i know , right ?
