   huge bezels, 
  it has * normal * bezels . 
  i 've never understood this subreddit 's obsession with bezeless phones . 
  i can barely reach the bottom of the screen on my pixel when holding it one handed . 
  if the bezels were any smaller i 'd be * forced * to use the thing two handed . 
  fuck that noise . 
   scratches easily, 
  i 've got no noticeable scratches on mine after buying it as soon as i could at release , and never once using a case . 
  just do n't be a fucking idiot and your phone will be fine . 
   low resale value, 
  ca n't comment , i have n't looked in to selling it . 
   unsupported by 2018 . 
  i.e. , at least a year after any other android phone that came out at the same time . 
  back up now . 
  came here expecting a meme/joke post . 
  instead i got a detailed and intelligent discussion of how to structure basically any essay , let alone an essay about a work of art , or more specifically literature . 
  definitely not disappointed . 
  i ca n't help you right now ( on my phone ) , but i know of a pretty cool little tool that can create relatively crude gifs of a globe , as well as measure distances . 
  2 hours `` help this guy out . '', 
  also are either of these related to mug as in cup ? 
   i 'm pretty sure they do n't count under 30 seconds . 
  if a score that results in the game being * lost * in under 30 seconds does n't count , what possible argument could there be to * not * apply exactly the same guidelines to a score that puts a player into a save attempt situation ? 
  they 're essentially slightly different variants of the same thing . 
  [ here 's what i 've used in the past ] ( https://maptoglobe.bitbucket.io ) . 
  you can upload your map image ( it works best with an equirectangular projection , but others should work okay too ) . 
  you can also ( and i would recommend this , because it 's totally cool ! ), 
  upload a heightmap , which will result in the 3d globe you get actually physically showing the height . 
  just make sure you set the `` height map method '' to 3d , or it 'll look really weird . 
  there 's an option to calculate distances between points on the surface . 
  it generates it in arbitrary `` units '' , based on the radius of the world . 
  so simply set your world 's radius to 6371 `` units '' and you can get a surface distance between two points in kilometres . 
  since you have a map between \u00b1 82 \u00b0 , i would recommend adding just blank , undefined land or ocean above and below that , to take your map all the way to \u00b1 90 \u00b0 and cause it to not stretch . 
  the end result should be a 2:1 aspect ratio for optimal effect . 
  hope that helps !, 
  ## overall score 6.67 / 10, 
  ### wording/formatting : 7/10, 
  there are some oddly placed commas in this ( notably , in the introductory descriptive text , at least half of the commas should be removed entirely ) , and the occasional accidentally ( e.g. , `` such as a nervous '' ) , but for the most part it is well written . 
  more notable is the lack of images . 
  a single page crammed full of text is never fun to look at , and the author could have improved this work significantly by finding some quality artwork to include . 
  the table of quirks is ... not a table , for some reason . 
  it looks very odd and would be so easy to fix . 
  ### theme/creativity : 6/10, 
  the first thing that stands out to me about this is its name . 
  in forgotten realms lore , `` the adversary '' refers to a card that is part of a wroth deck -- a sort of tarot-like card that can be used for fortune telling or gaming purposes . 
  this card is described in the novel of the same name as `` green-skinned angel pursuing a devil that chased after her in a whirlwind '' . 
  in other words , within the default world of 5e , `` the adversary '' refers to either a celestial or a devil . 
  this makes using the same name to relate to an illithid somewhat unorthodox , at best . 
  the second thing that stands out is that this sorcerous origin is quite dramatically different from all others , being not some aspect that has somehow warped the humanoid character , but instead being an actual illithid that has for some reason been unable to properly manifest itself . 
  this is a * huge * problem , in my opinion , and it significantly weakens the archetype . 
  these same mechanics could have been utilised by saying the character had somehow been touched by the far realm 's influence , and that were the origin of the character 's power . 
  this would have made it fit in better with the existing options , as well as allowed for more interesting roleplay opportunities . 
  perhaps a more fundamental flaw with the concept is that its own text does not seem entirely consistent . 
  the top half seems to suggest that the character themselves is an illithid trapped in a humanoid body , while the second half and the quirks table seem more alike to a humanoid with an alien presence within them . 
  thankfully , although it is built on an incredibly flawed concept , the abilities themselves have some very good and fitting thematics , and if one were to reskin this into a more appropriate far realm -- based form , it works very nicely . 
  this certainly brings the archetype some substantial redemption . 
  ### balance/mechanics : 7/10, 
  having a subclass change the spellcasting ability is highly unorthodox , but certainly not unwarranted in this situation . 
  it 's also extremely unlikely to have any negative impacts on game balance . 
  removing verbal components is more likely to impact balance , but probably not too much , especially with the alternative effects described . 
  double proficiency in a knowledge-based skill ( or insight or investigation ) definitely feels appropriate for a psionic themed character , and because it gains only one , it should not overshadow the rogue too much . 
  mind blast is a pretty damn powerful ability . 
  once per day , 30 ft. cone , 4d8 damage against one of the most commonly weakest saving throws ? 
  wowza . 
  compared to a mere +1 to damage and resistance to a single damage type , or being able to spend 2 points to add/subtract 1d4 from others ' rolls , this is really powerful . 
  it 's also free once per day , so does n't come at the cost of being able to cast one more * fireball * or similar . 
  being able to additionally stun all those who were impacted by it for a measly 3 points is insanely powerful . 
  they do n't get to make any attacks , and all attacks against them are done with advantage , as well as failing dex and str saves . 
  this is an ability that can function as both a complete annihilator of hoards and a hugely effective detriment to larger brutes . 
  it 's too powerful for a level 6 ability by a long way . 
  in the mind of many is another one of those ridiculous mechanics that can be used to completely overcome a huge array of non-combat situations . 
  it 's the type of ability that has been repeatedly panned in the ranger , and it is not welcome here either . 
  it allows a player to completely ignore any quest that involves finding the location of something , unless the dm is very carefully laying out their quests to specifically counter this ability . 
  the fact that it also comes at the same level as another ridiculously powerful ability certainly does n't help . 
  the psyche of an eldritch tyrant is probably a perfectly fine ability gained at level 14 , although it is a little ambiguous as to whether it can be used on any creature with a language ( as before ) within 120 ft. , or if it can work on literally any creature at all . 
  some clarification on this matter would be helpful . 
  it 's well balanced and thematic assuming the former . 
  hive mind hub is a fantastic ability in its own right , although i ca n't help but feel it 's a little lacklustre as an archetype capstone . 
  perhaps this would have been better if gained a little earlier . 
  in summary on the mechanics , the level 1 and 14 abilities this gains are pretty much perfect . 
  at level 6 it gains not one but * two * abilities that each individually are too powerful and completely unwelcome . 
  at level 18 it gains a really cool ability that it probably should have gotten earlier . 
  ### overview :, 
  this is so close to being a really great sorcerous origin . 
  so incredibly close . 
  but it unfortunately stumbles in a few major ways , and that means that , in its current incarnation , i can not recommend it . 
  with a more appropriate flavour and a second pass at the mechanics , it would be perfect . 
  but as it is , the flavour is confusing at best and outright does not fit with the class at worst , and the level 6 abilities are simply much too powerful . 
   compare to , say , fireball . 
  it does more damage than fireball, 
  it does 4d8 , * fireball * does 8d6 . 
  that 's 10 * less * damage than * fireball * on average , and 16 less in best case . 
   it 's got a bigger radius , but is a cone instead of a circle and is centered on yourself instead of wherever you want . 
  a 30 ft. cone , using dmg pg . 
  249 's guidelines , will hit 3 targets , a 20 ft. sphere hits 4 . 
  using the maximum they can possibly hit ( assuming all medium creatures on a purely 2d plane ) , the 30 ft. cone hits 18 targets , a 20 ft. sphere hits either 64 targets or 52 , depending on whether you draw an actual circle or just use a rectangle . 
   it can be given an amped up stun ability , but costs a decent chunk of sorcery points to do so . 
  this , for me , is part of where the big problem comes from . 
  it * does n't * cost a lot at all . 
  you can use this ability completely * for free * , if you do n't want the stun . 
  if you * do * want the stun , it 's going to cost you 3 sorcery points .
