  we have our own top gear ? 
  oh god !, 
  that 's why it was so weird !, 
  and there i was thinking `` this is why you should always put cross bars on your capital is '' ... 
   deathstorke was the difinitve arrow villians, 
  that 's some great writing there ... 
  anzac day for sure . 
  probably australia day too . 
  new year 's day , though arguably that could fall under christmas with them being so close together . 
  my main point was that as much as i love this city , we shut down a * hell * of a lot more than sydney and melbourne , or cities overseas in places like eastern asia , do on weekends and public holidays , and that 's really frustrating when you want to get stuff done , especially if you 're busy most of the normal opening hours . 
  would aluminium really be that much of a ripoff ? 
  it 's a pretty tough and very light metal , is n't it ? 
  hey , could you clarify what you mean by `` a mix of active and passive lighting is key '' ? 
  what exactly is active lighting , and what is passive ? 
  when i 'm cycling at night ( or during dawn/dusk ) i usually just have a red light flashing attached to the back of the saddle , and a white flashing light on the handlebar pointing forward . 
  ah right , thanks for the clarification . 
  so having both lights and reflectors is actually significantly better than just the lights ? 
  that 's actually really interesting . 
  [ do n't forget the squinty eyes ] ( https://gfycat.com/gifteddigitaljerboa ) . 
   the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) is australia 's state-owned and funded national public broadcaster . 
  did n't even have to exit google for that , it 's in the preview for their wikipedia page when i searched `` the abc '' . 
  that 's just not true . 
  all three clefs derived from their letter names , and this is a very well known fact about the design of the clefs . 
  there was a thread in one of the dnd subreddits a while ago about a 4th wall breaking custom warlock archetype : the warlock of the pact of the dm . 
  it seemed a pretty cool unique idea , though would n't work in a campaign that tries to take itself even a little bit seriously . 
  i 'll see if i can find it . 
  edit : [ here it is , it was in this subreddit ] ( / r/dndnext/comments / 2zrsww/warlock _ pact_of_the_dm / ), 
  i ca n't tell you how much i love this warlock backstory . 
  i might have to steal it ( or parts of it ) next time i make a character ... 
  okay maybe things are different in america , but here in australia visa and mastercard both have zero customer liability policies , as do all the major banks . 
  i 've been having problems recently with the touch sensor , with it randomly registering presses half way across the screen from where i 'm actually pressing it . 
  it 's also been shutting itself down randomly on occasion , and also when it overheats , which has been happening far too easily lately . 
  and the power button has been playing up since a couple of months after i first got it . 
  have to press it a few times to get it to turn on or off . 
  and the well-known camera resets are a damn nuisance . 
  but i still love this device to bits . 
  it 's still fast and mostly responsive , and runs the latest version of android ( well , nearly the latest -- the latest major revision at least ) without any serious flaws . 
  battery life is n't great , but i 've gotten around that by carrying am external battery when i expect to be using it a lot . 
  the smart thing to do is enter fake answers for those pieces of information . 
  either something that you can remember through other means , or fully pseudo-random stuff that you keep stored in a password vault like a lastpass account or similar . 
  though if you are using a password manager , suddenly recovery questions become completely unnecessary anyway . 
  perhaps you could keep passwords in lastpass and recovery questions in a local-only system , just in case . 
  wait , optus is also giving off quota to netflix ? 
  now i finally understand why ricky gervais was telling me all a out how fantastic optus is for having netflix before every other youtube video ... 
  that seems really strange . 
  if a car is registered , is it possible to sell it without the registration being transferred ? 
  kinda like removing the registration in the process of selling it ? 
  or would you literally have to wait until the registration ends . 
  no spoilers in titles people . 
  seriously , it 's really not a difficult rule to follow . 
  edit : remove giant spoiler warning in favour of using spoiler tags since i 'm on a computer now . 
  it 's not just about people who ca n't watch soon after it first airs . 
  the amount of posts with future spoilers in the title is getting out of hand . 
  i found out that [ spoiler ] ( / s `` there 's going to be another crossover with the flash because of this , and i also just today managed to work out that oliver and felicity will get it on . '' ), 
  mods , please , you need to start enforcing this rule . 
  if there 's a spoiler in the title of a post , remove it and let the person know they should resubmit with a better title . 
  everyone else , if you see a post with spoilers in the title , report it . 
  select `` other '' and write in `` spoilers in title '' or something similar . 
  sending messages to the mods asking them to enforce the rule would also help , because at the moment i think they just do n't care . 
  they do news at all ? 
  i only know them from a few shows they produce , and i guess i assumed they were n't a station that has news programming . 
  i might be misremembering , but did n't lance have a press conference announcing they knew arrow was queen ? 
  australian tv only started airing arrow season 3 in march , i think . 
  thank god for the internet or it would 've been a painful wait . 
  not sure what the status of the flash is on tv here at all . 
  i could be misreading that , but it still seems to me that the consumer does n't have any liability . 
  they 're just shifting it from visa/banks to merchants . 
  for the consumer , nothing changes , if you get a fraudulent charge , you take it up with your bank and get your money back . 
  the cost will be passed along to the merchant , instead of being taken care of by the bank or visa , but to you there 's no difference . 
  if i 'm misreading it , could you print out the exact bit that says otherwise ? 
  touch\u00e9, 
  if you want to be a prick and remove the ability for sites you visit to be profitable , fine go ahead . 
  that 's your business . 
  but do n't you fucking * dare * to force that shitty selfishness on others without their knowledge . 
  if you want to be a prick and remove the ability for sites you visit to be profitable , fine go ahead . 
  that 's your business . 
  but do n't you fucking * dare * to force that shitty selfishness on others without their knowledge . 
  personally i just do n't visit sites with shitty ads like this . 
  most of the sites i do visit have good advertising . 
  tasteful , and we 'll targeted . 
  ( edit : the exception to this is torrenting sites , which are just awful , always opening new fucking advertising tabs whenever i click anywhere . ), 
  hell , just today i was talking to customer service with a telco i 'm about to sign up for that i found thanks to advertising through facebook . 
  til the business model of 7 out of the top 10 websites visited by australians is from the '90s . 
  nut seriously , you do n't have to visit websites if you do n't like their business model . 
  they 're giving you stuff completely free of charge . 
  these sites stay alive because they show ads to their viewers . 
  it costs you absolutely nothing . 
  blocking ads is stealing revenue from these companies . 
  you 're still viewing the content and using the site 's bandwidth , so you should n't be removing the site 's ability to make money . 
  but all that is beside the point . 
  you want to be an arsehole towards the company , go ahead . 
  but to * force * this upon someone else without their knowledge is * all sorts * of wrong . 
  not only are you spreading the scourge on the internet that is the practice of adblocking , you 're getting someone else involved in a bad thing against their own knowledge . 
  but even more than that , you 're tampering with someone else 's computer against their knowledge . 
  even if adblockers were an entirely good thing you should n't do it , because it 's someone else 's computer and you should n't be messing with it in ** any ** way without their permission . 
  yeah same . 
  the fact that it was a reply to one of my comments that spawned the creation of the subreddit gives me a weird amount of pride that it probably should n't . 
  ah right . 
  interesting . 
  so people without foxtel can watch arrow ( presumably including the second half of the crossover ) , but none of the accompanying flash ... that would he really annoying ...
