  they do n't seem to have all that much to go on . 
   its not a book, 
  it 's *, 
  and it * is * a book . 
  it 's not a very long one , but it 's still clearly a book . 
   and it sucks, 
  that 's your opinion . 
  it 's not mine , and it 's certainly not the most common one . 
  i thank the member opposite for his question . 
  to keep it brief , yes , we do plan on reinstating something very close to the gonski education reforms very soon . 
  we believe very strongly in the importance of education , and that high quality education should be available to everyone . 
  the gonski reforms were an important step in the right direction . 
  in particular , funding for state schools in disadvantaged communities , and support for students with disabilities is crucial . 
  and so we will restore the funding to the vast majority of the reforms agreed to by the states under the arrangements from the previous labor government . 
  assistant minister for education, 
  i would also like to see it remain vague . 
  i would like to see basically * nothing * change , except that our head of state would no longer be primarily concerned with the affairs of an entirely separate country , and would no longer be a hereditary position awarded to someone for being born into power and doing absolutely nothing to deserve it . 
  having our head of state be a citizen of and live the vast majority of her life in an entirely different country is , frankly , insulting to australia as a nation , and to the rest of the commonwealth that still has her majesty as their regent , apart from the united kingdom . 
  having them be hereditary is simply undemocratic and should not be accepted in * any * modern country that considers itself civilised and fair . 
  the point of requiring a supermajority of parliament is that they would * necessarily * be someone who does not have significant political bias , which would mean the types of people chosen for the position would effectively be the same types of people that * currently * are appointed governor general . 
  the difference is that they would not be the representative of a foreigner who is legally speaking , our head of state . 
  in fact , they would be * less * likely than currently to have any political bias , since in practice , the queen has always agreed to the recommendation for the position by the prime minister . 
  what i do n't entirely understand is how it differs from a database ? 
  from your description it seems just like a database that can just be easily set to do automated things like crossposting . 
  interesting , thanks for the info . 
  god dammit google . 
  get yo ' shit together . 
  it might not look great on every car , but you ca n't deny that it does make * any * car go faster !, 
  i think the level of a campaign should be something decided by the whole group . 
  it should n't be a unilateral decision by you , and it * definitely * should n't be a unilateral decision by the * previous * dm . 
  i think you were absolutely right to have the group do a vote on it . 
  when i finished dming lost mines i told my group in no unclear terms that i would * like * to start the next campaign at level 1 , because i had a character concept that would have lost a lot if i did n't play it from the beginning . 
  and most of the group agreed that starting from level 1 would be a good idea , so that 's what we did . 
  if the others had all wanted to start the next campaign at the same level as they finished lost mines , i would n't have argued with them * . 
  point is , talk with the * whole * group , and figure out what the majority want . 
  try to go with that if you can . 
  \\* i might have asked the dm if he could manage 1 player at level 1 and 3 at level 5 , but if he had said no i would 've been fine with that and rolled up a level 5 character . 
  if you do end up having to run it at the higher level , there are a few things you can do to up the difficulty . 
  * you can give most monsters close to their maximum health , rather than their average . 
  * add or upgrade armour to some monsters , to up their ac, 
  * give monsters better weapons . 
  for example , give your kobolds short swords rather than daggers . 
  * try and roleplay the monsters in a smarter way , using more powerful * tactics * . 
  maybe try and get surprise when you can . 
  * add features to monsters . 
  for example , give some kobolds multiattack and let them attack twice with their daggers/shortswords . 
  * change the monsters . 
  for example , replace some kobolds with winged kobolds , which are a bit tougher, 
  * add monsters . 
  go with greater numbers . 
  you should probably go with a mixture of all those . 
  do n't apply them all to * every * monster or encounter , because it could get stale . 
  that looks like an extension . 
  i do n't really want to install an extension just to watch one video . 
  is there a website that does the same ? 
  yeah , something like this is how i would get back at a player for trying to do something like that . 
  if i were a mighty demon lord or similar , i would not be happy with those on whom i have bestowed my power giving away my gifts to them on a whim for some measly coin . 
  so i am going to find some way to punish them . 
  and if i can get a few more souls in the process , well , that 's all the sweeter . 
   kind 've, 
  hahaha that 's rather interesting . 
  you 've obviously seen people correcting others saying `` could of '' to `` could have '' or `` could 've '' , and you 've taken that same logic and applied it here . 
  in this case , though , it 's an overcorrection . 
  the expression you were looking for actually is `` kind of '' , or `` kinda '' as a more informal usage . 
  i believe the etymology of it relates to saying something like `` a kind of '' , since `` kind '' is synonymous with `` type '' , but the phrase has taken on a more idiomatic meaning . 
  yeah , i am so glad that my instrument fits under the seat in front of me , because i do n't know what i 'd do otherwise . 
   hey , i heard that if i wan na play d&d on campus , you 're the guy to talk to ? 
  dude , you 're like a dealer , only your drug is roleplaying games . 
  wow thanks so much for all that !, 
  it 's really incredibly useful . 
  i 'll definitely have to look in to using joomla . 
  it 's probably worth learning anyway , since as i gather , the simpler procedural method of doing things is generally frowned upon anyway , and that 's the process i 've been using thus far . 
  my only remaining question , really , is how modular are these systems typically ? 
  the thing i 'm looking to use it for is very removed from the blogging type platform that you described , so while i * think * it would be really handy , i am a little concerned about how easy it 'll be to integrate it in to my system . 
  but i 'm sure it wo n't really be a problem . 
  after all , the point of these things is to be more flexible than wordpress , right ? 
  so yeah , thanks again for all the help . 
  i 'll definitely be looking in to using one of these . 
  should hopefully make my life a lot easier . 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  as far as i can gather `` tax file number '' is the closest thing in my country to america 's ssns ( not sure whether or not it 's the same country as the guy you replied to ) , and i 've basically never used mine . 
  i did n't even * have * one when i applied to uni . 
  in fact , i think the only time i 've ever used it was when opening a bank account earlier this year . 
  the last time i opened one did n't even need it . 
  i remember my own phone number , mainly because when people ask you for your number it 's awkward to have to get out your phone and look in your contacts for it . 
  i also remember the phone number of the landline we had at home from when i was a kid . 
  and i know the emergency numbers in australia , the uk , america , and the gsm standard emergency number . 
  that is literally the extent of phone numbers that i know . 
  based off of a comment further up the thread , i think ssns are 9 digits long ? 
  that makes it one digit * longer * than a landline phone number , and 3 times as long as emergency phone numbers . 
  so i 'm not sure where you got `` all of those ... have less digits than a ssn '' from . 
  it 's patently false . 
  and it 's still only 1 digit shorter than a mobile number , and i would argue the phone number is * much * more important to have memorised . 
  there are no situations where you would be required to give a number like that ( at least , i assume -- mabye in america you get asked about your ssn out of the blue on a regular basis , i 'm just assuming that you do n't ) where you ca n't quickly look it up . 
  but being asked what your phone number is is a regular occurence , and it usually looks awkward to have to look it up . 
  sure , your ssn might be a more important number , but having it memorised is worthless . 
  my bank account number is way more important than my phone number , too , but i do n't have it memorised . 
  in not the guy you replied to , and i always tap on and off , because i 'm not a thieving arsehole . 
  that said , from a purely theoretical point of view , i 've often wondered if it 's worth just coping the fine . 
  i 've never once had an inspector check that i 'd tapped on correctly .
