  if you look closely , you 'll notice that anything that gets a few seconds of attention early on will come back later . 
  take the felicity origin episode of arrow , for example . 
  in the first few minutes of that , palmer gives felicity 's mum one of his smartwatches . 
  seems like nothing at the time , but it comes back at the end when felicity uses it as a wifi hotspot to contact oliver . 
  well it really depends on * how * it affects the plot . 
  bbb has become an outlet for humour in the show . 
  other elements may be longer term forshadowing ( like the particle accelerator was all season 2 ) , or pure fanservice easter eggs -- particularly in a show like this one , based on existing characters -- like all the green lantern references during the crossover , or the `` man of steel '' reference a couple of episodes ago . 
  still other elements may be deliberate misdirection , or may be necessary to make us believe that the set is what it 's supposed to be ( things like having random crowds in public places , for example ) . 
  the point is , you 'd be hard pressed to find anything there that did n't serve * some * functional purpose . 
  so i 've just finished . 
  wow , that story was absolutely fucking amazing . 
  but still ... i ca n't help but feel disappointed in the ending . 
  we never got an explanation for, 
  * why this group was chosen, 
  * what was going on with the spymaster, 
  * how avery came back ( perhaps the biggest problem i had ), 
  * why avery lost her powers briefly , and why she glowed blue after getting them back, 
  any one of those missing might have been okay , but missing all those pretty significant plot points left the ending feeling ... empty . 
  would have also liked explanations for a few other things , but they 're definitely not necessary with the structure of the story and the timeskip to the last entry . 
  it would have been nice if there had been a few more entries after the timeskip to explain some more things , but it was still great how it was . 
  some of these points are * really * minor side interests of mine, 
  * what ended up happening with the religion -- did avery get people back on track ? 
  did other clerics and paladins start getting stronger powers again ? 
  * did the journal writer get his body revived ? 
  it does n't quite sit right with me that head be permanently in his dream form . 
  * did they find rubber , or something else to use for tyres ? 
  * what happened politically with wolflake ? 
  i 'd really like to think that they sorted out some peaceful solution that makes everyone happy . 
  * how 's new chicago going ? 
  * apparently the desert was caused by some evil ... did they ever defeat that evil , or at least try ? 
  but seriously , as much as the end felt a little lacking , the story was still absolutely incredible . 
  i think this is my new favourite dnd-based story . 
  also my current character is a psion with the dreamwalker paragon path . 
  so this story felt really extra fucking awesome for me . 
  i 've been on singapore air a few times . 
  i did n't hate it , but to be honest , i really have n't been overly enthused by the experience . 
  on a related note , i have never once had anyone even take a second look at my clarinet on planes -- and that 's in addition to my massively overpacked backpack . 
  if you 're going to roll , i think the way you should do it is to pick your race first , then roll , and then pick class . 
  ( that is , if you wan na go for a more realistic/serendipitous style -- otherwise , the traditional pick race and class first works fine . ), 
  it kinda makes sense . 
  your race is determined entirely by the circumstances of your birth/creation , so that should come first and be independent of stats . 
  however , in your life , you 're going to gravitate towards what you 're good at . 
  so if you 've got high charisma , you 're likely to gravitate towards barding , for example . 
  that said , i tend to prefer point buy/array . 
  it makes for a better gaming experience for everyone involved . 
  yeah i must say , though i 've not been a huge fan of them , i definitely never would have expected something like this from them . 
  seems more like something you 'd expect from air asia or their ilk . 
  i could be wrong , because i do n't really care all that much , but i think the bible petition has way surpassed the original one . 
  the one that 's just about to beat the original petition is the less humourous petition asking kmart and target to start selling gta again . 
  my mp 's a former labor cabinet minister . 
  so he 's obviously going to be always voting the party line . 
  i sometimes wish party discipline was n't so strong , but then i see what it 's like in america , and i think that if it 's too weak , that 's even worse . 
  i really do n't know what the solution is here . 
  oh interesting . 
  i have n't upgraded yet , so i ca n't comment . 
  or non-sarcastic greats like scott ludlam . 
  ludlam 's with the greens , not one of the fringe parties . 
  i get the first five of those with my bank . 
  the second last one would be a lot less of a problem if america used proper polymer money instead of that toy-feeling cotton paper . 
  the inflation thing is a * lot * more complex than you 're making out , and is a big area of economics . 
  i 'm not going to go into that here . 
  but it 's not as though bitcoin is without problems in that respect . 
  it 's inherently * de * flationary . 
  since there 's a hard limit on how much is produced , as currency gets lost ( people losing their wallets etc. ), 
  the value of a single bitcoin is going to rise over time , encouraging saving and discouraging the spending that a healthy economy needs . 
  that 's not to say that i think bitcoin is all bad . 
  having the ability to make complete anonymous transactions is definitely a good thing . 
   then someone argues they should be able to keep it because it was a 20 or something stupid . 
  this is easy enough to deal with . 
  you have a strict table rule . 
  either you * always * play it as it falls , or you * always * reroll . 
  as long as the players know it always happens a certain way , you do n't get arguments . 
  tbh i 'd be hesitant to call the greens a minor party any more . 
  they 've had a member in the reps for two consecutive elections , held the balance of power for a long time , and are a significant part of the opposition at the moment . 
  if palmer 's party holds as many seats in 6 years as they do today , and continue to be outspoken on political issues , then i 'll also start saying they are n't a minor party . 
  of course , neither of these are quite * major * parties either . 
  but yeah . 
  fwiw , most people who use it probably do n't know the reason . 
  i use it all the time , and until [ u/haffnaff 's comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/2on74k/my_christmas_jumper_arrived_today/cmoqzj5?context=1 ) above , i did n't know where it came from . 
  fwiw , most people who use it probably do n't know the reason . 
  i use it all the time , and until [ u/haffnaff 's comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/2on74k/my_christmas_jumper_arrived_today/cmoqzj5?context=1 ) above , i did n't know where it came from . 
   the how the groups are chosen thing , i think , is left deliberately unexplained . 
  i believe that stuff is up to the reader to speculate on . 
  fair enough , i guess . 
   the nobles get killed , but the construct is bound by its task until it completes it or gets killed . 
  ah right , thanks . 
  i did n't realise it was n't operating of its own free will . 
   the gods in the setting had n't had a true believer in a while . 
  avery came , and she was a true believer , so she got some super juice going on for her, 
  wow , yeah , i ** really ** like this interpretation . 
   when she `` died '' , she ascended into an incorporeal form , which our hero narrator is able to interact with because he is incorporeal himself, 
  presumably the narrator can still interact with others , yes ? 
  but according to your interpretation , it seems that avery would n't be able to . 
  kinda disappointing , and rather confusing , considering that we as readers * can * see the writing she left in the diary . 
  so i 'm not sure i agree with that bit . 
   i do n't think that it was his dream form , though . 
  i believe he was a telepath / psion uncarnate, 
  so , i find the text on the srd page really hard to read , but from what i can gather from that , and definitely in the 4e phb 3 , it seems that uncarnates turn their own body * into * an incorporeal form , they do n't separate a physical form and an incorporeal one , which is what the narrator did ( as indicated , chiefly , by the time his body was stabbed while he was incorporeal ) . 
  it does n't exactly match the 4e `` dreamwalker '' paragon path , either , because a dreamwalker is equally conscious of their dream form and their physical body , while the narrator seemed to become unaware of his physical body while incorporeal . 
  still , to me , this seems to fit the evidence better .
