  a better role model ? 
  remember when he did n't know what germany was ? 
   quick errand somewhere but are too lazy to put actual shoes on, 
  most people i know would normally just use thongs for that ... ( though i personally prefer sandals . ), 
  i keep thinking sydney morning herald . 
  so you were actually probably making less on your last day than on your first , after factoring in inflation ? 
  australia is $ 15.96 over 21 , decreasing as you get younger . 
  at 18 , i would make $ 10.90 . 
  nah , they 're a type of shoe . 
  some people also call them jandals , or flip-flops . 
  man , this guy 's an absolute prick . 
  aww man , i fucking love symphonie fantastique . 
  awesome !, 
  i think the uk does , but australia definitely does . 
  at 16 it 's $ 7.55 , gradually rising each year to $ 15.96 for anyone 21 or over . 
  __ circle 's a well-known troll on / r/australia . 
  he 's also a hardcore libertarian , which means he does n't care about your basic rights like healthcare and food , he only cares about making sure governments do n't do anything to either help or hinder people and businesses . 
  could you explain what the word `` planck '' over some of the microwave and sub-microwave wavelengths is ? 
  it 's certainly no where near a planck length ... 
  really ? 
  as an australian runner i 've always speed in minutes/km , so i find it interesting that in britain ( edit : or france , the same thing applies ) , which is also more or less metric , runners tend to use speed . 
  i assumed the first three paragraphs were obvious . 
  the very fact that the leaguers were taken offworld seems to imply that the purpose of taking control of them was something to do with the fact that they were offworld . 
  the rest of the theory seems really , really interesting . 
  one question , though , who exactly is `` darkseid '' ? 
  i 'm fairly sure he 's never been mentioned in the show before , and i do n't follow any other comic stuff . 
  unnecessary , but * fun * -- at least for many people . 
  however , reducing notoriety is n't as fun for most people , and it 's a mandatory part of the game , in practice . 
   comic 's are n't limited by that because they already have the potential for any character to appear in any other character 's book with no warning , and it 's just up to the reader to know who they are . 
  off-topic , but this is exactly why i refuse to get into comics . 
  if i want to follow just one particular comic , i will be left completely out of the loop , and significantly disadvantaged in terms of how much i can enjoy it . 
  they basically try to squeeze you for everything you 're worth by forcing you to read a whole bunch of different comics . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm pretty sure i had that problem at least once ... 
  haha yup . 
  i know i mentioned the money , but honestly that 's not my main problem . 
  it 's the time sink that comes with having to follow up on all the different story-lines and backstories . 
  but thanks for the tip , i was n't even aware comics were in the torrents . 
  thanks for the awesome advice . 
  i 'll definitely take that on board . 
  the fact that he was someone who had n't found himself yet is a minor part of his character in the show , it is there , but not a major theme . 
  mainly , he 's a mixture of comic relief , and someone trying to be a good leader of the group and set a good example , as the eldest member of the group . 
  speaking to the movie as a whole , i 've heard people give good analyses for why the movie is objectively bad even for someone who has n't seen the show , but i ca n't remember what they said , and i definitely respect your right to think otherwise . 
  by the way , i think i agree with you about the cgi , it seemed pretty decent to me . 
  i see that you 're looking for the show so you can watch it . 
  i really hope you do , because it 's an absolutely amazing show . 
  if it 's not on netflix ( i dunno , netflix is n't available in my country ) , then see if you can buy a copy of the dvds , or just pirate it . 
  if you 're interested , i think / r/thelastairbender would be interested in your feedback on the show . 
  could be fun . 
  so that description has unicode , what would the `` standard ascii '' be ? 
  out of the following , which are unicode and which are ascii ? 
  honesty , i do n't really know what the real difference is between them , and why one would want to replace unicode with ascii . 
  could you explain for me ? 
  you could find a student that you can trust , subtly hint to them that they can pirate , and get then to spread the message . 
  could n't you ? 
  wait , does / u/clevelandorchestra actually mean someone/some people from the cleveland orchestra ? 
  i had just assumed it was a cool name ... 
  he could just do a hell of a lot of exercise in his day-to-day life . 
  that would necessitate eating a lot . 
  nah , who am i kidding , he 's probably fat . 
  takk, 
  well , they legally never ended the korean war , but they also never legally * started * it . 
  doubly weird !, 
  that 's what they * want * you to think . 
  eh , i disagree . 
  i think both america and the uk have * huge * varieties in accents . 
  compare that to australia where there 's some small variations in accent around the country , but not much . 
  especially strange when you consider our area is roughly equal to the us 's contiguous states , and dozens of times the size of the uk . 
  in australia , all of these are called chips :, 
  i 've never been able to find a plain cinnamon doughnut in asia . 
  those 're my favourite type , and yet you just ca n't get them . 
  i dunno , korea seems rather out of place to me , too . 
  the description says `` you can also see students of the university of queensland milling around outside the cabinet '' . 
  i guess they 've given up , unless it 's already dropped ? 
  herbert von karajan ( a really famous conductor ) was once pulled over for speeding . 
  his excuse was : `` no-one can drive slowly while listening to beethoven 's seventh ! '', 
  the schumann one was really lame , but the others are awesome !, 
  i had never heard about this !, 
  it 's still terrible in that it does n't really apply in a general way , but it 's at least a funny reference . 
  i agree so much with all of your pros , but i 'd like to address the cobb 's you 've mentioned , as i feel differently about some of them . 
   * typing mathematical equations / code - for an engineering student , having the punctuation and symbols moved around can be big problem, 
  i find the complete opposite . 
  the common symbols are now placed on the top row , which is much easier to reach . 
   * keyboard shortcuts - they 're inconveniently placed and mislabeled, 
  this is a huge problem when i 'm on windows , but thankfully mac os has an option to use qwerty when the command key is held , which is super useful . 
  strangely , i do n't have any problem switching between the two . 
   * typing passwords - usually not a problem , but not being able to see what i 'm typing and what i 'm typing on can create an infuriating problem if for some reason i 've shifted one letter left or right, 
  i 've never had a problem with this . 
  in fact it 's better , because i do n't have to worry about people watching over my shoulder . 
   * typing with one hand - near impossible using non-dvorak layout, 
  did you mean near impossible with the dvorak layout ? 
  because i agree to that completely . 
   in essence , the biggest problem is that though with both hands i can type flowing full sentences very easily , but trying to hit specific keys individually , and out of context with the rest of the words , can be problematic . 
  if someone said , type ` pneumoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis ' , i could do it . 
  if someone said , type ` q ' i could n't do it without feeling around a bit or miming a word with ` q ' in it . 
  i 'm not really sure what you mean here . 
  i find it hard to pick out one letter using one hand , but can easily pick out any letter if both hands are on the keyboard in the correct typing position . 
  so can xp . 
  the point of this program is to let you use dvorak on a computer you 're only temporarily on and do n't want to change the settings . 
  a 10 % tip seems massive to me , * especially * if the meal was already expensive ...
