  it 's like , the fucking most famous opening there ** is ** . 
  but yeah , the third is awesome . 
  it 's probably one of the only pieces i can name from just one note . 
  of the ones that have n't already been listed , i 'm going to pick one that may or may not class as `` classical '' . 
  rhapsody in blue . 
  as a clarinetist , i absolutely love it . 
  that said , it probably appeals to my jazz taste more than classical . 
  the brilliant slides on it are like none other in clarinet repertoire . 
  oh god yes to le sacre !, 
  got to be my number one answer for this thread . 
  it 's just so brilliant !, 
  love the mahler too . 
  i like to believe that opening is where star trek got [ its theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5kcbxl7-qi ) from . 
  i also love that concerto , but not because the piano enters so soon , but just because of how epic and memorable it is . 
  it 's very much like the opening to beethoven 's 5th . 
  a simple , short , thematic idea . 
  ^ ( ( the form of the movement is different , of course : this one does n't build the entire movement out of that opening motif . ) ), 
  extra upvotes for the du pr\u00e9 version . 
  i really feel the opening to beethoven 's 9th is just amazing , and does n't get nearly as much attention as it deserves when compared to the rest of the symphony . 
  haha it 's kinda difficult to describe . 
  you basically relax your jaw . 
  that does most of the work , and then allow your fingers to slide off the keys . 
  the problem is `` relax your jaw '' is an instruction that * really * does n't help without actually being able to see it done and have a person there to give you feedback face to face . 
  oh very cool !, 
  i did n't realise that what op came up with was a standard method . 
  i quite like all of the ones in there :d, 
  that is so cool !, 
  have you , by any chance , got a recording ( even just one exported from a notation program ) of this being played ? 
  wow awesome !, 
  i did n't know about the people who were in attendance , although i did know about the rest of the history of the concert . 
  but the way he described it `` dwaaa-eeee '' , that 's brilliant !, 
  definitely the best i 've seen it described without having someone there in person to help you . 
  i 'll be using that in the future for sure !, 
  i 've never yet voted in australia ( upcoming federal election will be my first ) , so i just specified the party that i currently intend to vote for . 
  i hope that 's ok . 
  haha thanks !, 
  not quite my cup of tea , but cool nonetheless . 
  can someone explain this to me ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  they did n't do lid up or down , they did distance from toilet . 
  the lid was always up . 
  is that purchasing power parity ? 
  somehow i do n't think it will be . 
  absolutely this . 
  the best thing you can do for maths is just go through heaps and heaps of past exam papers . 
  not the uploader 's fault . 
  it uses copyrighted music , and the owner of the copyright has decided anyone who uses that music ca n't have their video available on mobile . 
  tl ; dr , the copyright holder is a douche , not the uploader . 
  * london bombings, 
  * bali bombings, 
  * indian ocean tsunami, 
  * formation of the euro, 
  * first black american president, 
  * an enormous number of things in technology , not the least of which was the rise of smartphones and tablets, 
  * the first 10 countries ' legalisations of gay marriage, 
  and many more . 
  i think you get my point . 
  and compared to the tea party even murdoch is liberal !, 
  everything is relative . 
  ( point here is , i 'm agreeing with you . ), 
  yes and no . 
  to quote [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_euro ) `` in 1999 the currency was born virtually and in 2002 notes and coins began to circulate '', 
  outside the uk here , and i know all of these . 
  but my point stands , there are a huge number of memorable things . 
  just because you might n't know about the london bombings or bali bombings , which , while they mainly affected only the uk and australia , respectively , does n't mean they were n't memorable events . 
  there was huge media coverage of both events , including from american media . 
  if you did n't know about them , it says more about you than the events . 
  even so , if you did n't know those two , the other ones were definitely big on a larger scale . 
  come on guys . 
  does rediquette really mean that * little * to you ? 
  i disagree with mr palmer here , too , but i 'm going to upvote him because he brings important points to the table . 
  it 's * extremely * relevant to the conversation , and he clearly is n't just here to troll like / u / __ circle or whatever . 
  this goes for his other comments further up the thread , too . 
  contribute to society !, 
  holy fuck . 
  there i was , assuming that this was a student in high school , around year 8 or 9 or so . 
  thanks / u/prestomovie, 
   it was actually extremely sad . 
  it was in a standalone mini-series called `` spider-man : reign . '', 
  peter was an elderly man in his 70s and kept recalling how him and mj kept trying for a child . 
  they later discovered that his bodily fluids were in fact slightly radioactive , and the cancer ended up taking her . 
  he was a sad and lonely man . 
  courtesy of / u/prestomovie, 
   it was actually extremely sad . 
  it was in a standalone mini-series called `` spider-man : reign . '', 
  peter was an elderly man in his 70s and kept recalling how him and mj kept trying for a child . 
  they later discovered that his bodily fluids were in fact slightly radioactive , and the cancer ended up taking her . 
  he was a sad and lonely man . 
  really ? 
  i looked the past few days and did n't see anything . 
  in general any goods or services with positive externalities ( more benefits to society than the monetary benefits to the producer ) will be under-supplied in the free market . 
  healthcare is a great example of such a service . 
  there are territorial claims in antarctica , most notably australia , which has around a quarter of antarctica as its territory . 
  it 's not . 
  by definition a micronation is one that has * not * been recognised by any real countries . 
  personally i 'm a fan of the five continent model , where you include eurasia , africa , north america , south america , and oceania . 
  eurasia should be combined because they are very clearly one large land mass , but africa is separate because it has only a small amount of land connecting it . 
  similarly with the americas , where a thin isthmus connects the two continents . 
  antarctica should be excluded because under the sheet of ice it is in fact an archipelago , not a single large land mass . 
  the fact is there [ is n't a single agreed-upon definition of a continent ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubcq1x7p34 ) , and the same problem goes with oceans .
