  i know my year was never asked to come up with things ahead of time . 
  we did it all on the day of the project . 
  op wants a laptop . 
  the thing is , the comment that was deleted above was a link to content that was * not * password-locked . 
  it was an adventure that was called princes of the apocalypse , or something like that . 
  no password . 
  yeah i just had a character in my campaign die in the second session . 
  a damn wild surge caused him to turn invisible , and the enemy got a lucky hit ( aiming at the spot where he just was , rolled with disadvantage ) on him , causing him to drop dead . 
  he passed two death saves and failed two . 
  the last roll was a fail , boom , dead . 
  nobody could come to help stabilise because he was invisible ... 
  yeah , you 're absolutely fine . 
  there 's no need to come up with the idea ages in advance . 
  regarding the solar thing , i 'm not really sure how it demonstrates the scientific process . 
  that 's meant to be the main point of the group 4 project , is n't it ? 
  to come up with a hypothesis , find a way to test that hypothesis , do the testing , and decide whether the results of the test support or refute the hypothesis . 
  the guide there seems to just be how to build the thing . 
  i guess your hypothesis could revolve around changing some of the materials you use ( make multiple solar panels but change the diode you use each time , or something like that ) , or you could try different lighting conditions and see what works best ( this one might be a bit harder to do in just a single day , but you could try it in warmer and cooler lighting , as well as warmer or cooler temperatures potentially ) . 
  it really does n't need to be a project about something super sciency . 
  my group just cut strands of people 's hair and put them under varying loads to see which colour hair was the strongest ( one of our observations was that we did n't control for straightness/curliness , which could have also had an impact -- and could make its own experiment ) . 
  the important thing is just getting down the scientific * process * . 
  i think it 's probably worth saying that while both chinese and europeans have `` dragons '' , their images and portrayal of these dragons is so different that really they 're completely different things . 
  the only reason we call them by the same name is that when communications were first happening between the cultures , europeans decided that the chinese mythological creatures were close enough , and they did n't want a new word . 
   the break even is -32 without windchill , so no . 
  does n't need to be even . 
  for something to be `` below zero '' in `` both '' , it just needs to be below -18 celcius , since -18 celcius is -0.4 fahrenheit . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i know government-endorsed murder is pretty damn common in some parts of the world ( including america ) , but i have * never * heard of government-endorsed sexual harrasment before ... 
  oh god . 
  now i ca n't unsee it . 
  regarding nuclear energy , on the one hand , it annoys me that the greens do n't support it when it 's clearly a good option here . 
  ( though i would * rather * see more renewable energies than nuclear in the long run , i prefer nuclear to carbon-based systems . ), 
  but on the other hand , it 's a very smart move politically . 
  being pro-nuclear would only be a vote loser . 
  none of the major parties currently support it , so nobody can lose votes by not supporting it . 
  if they * did * support it , chances are not many people would start voting for them , but there probably would be a fair few people who would stop voting for them . 
  fwiw , i answered `` drink milk as you eat cereal to maintain a good ratio '' to that , but i kinda also do n't really do anything special . 
  i just eat the thing , and i get some milk on my spoon every spoonful , so that helps maintain a good ratio . 
  why do you eat dry cereal ? 
   a 41 piece orchestra played on this song . 
  the musicians were told to attend the session dressed formally . 
  when they got there , they were presented with party novelties ( false noses , party hats , gorilla-paw glove ) to wear , which made it clear this was not going to be a typical session . 
  the orchestra was conducted by paul mccartney , who told them to start with the lowest note of their instruments and gradually play to the highest . 
  ( thanks , jes - mason city , ia ) this was recorded in three sessions : first the basic track , then the orchestra , then the last note was dubbed in . 
  the beginning of this song was based on two stories john lennon read in the daily mail newspaper : guinness heir tara browne dying when he smashed his lotus into a parked van , and an article in the uk daily express in early 1967 which told of how the blackburn roads surveyor had counted 4000 holes in the roads of blackburn and commented that the volume of material needed to fill them in was enough to fill the albert hall . 
  lennon took some liberties with the tara browne story - he changed it so he `` blew his mind out in the car . '', 
  john lennon stated this regarding the article about tara browne : `` i did n't copy the accident . 
  tara did n't blow his mind out . 
  but it was in my mind when i was writing that verse . '', 
  at the time , paul did n't realize the reference was to tara . 
  he thought it was about a `` stoned politician . '', 
  the article regarding the `` 4000 holes in blackburn , lancashire '' was taken from the uk daily express , january 17 , 1967 in a column called `` far and near . '', 
  john 's friend terry doran was the one who completed john 's line `` now they know how many holes it takes to fill ... '' terry told him `` fill the albert hall , john . '', 
  mccartney contributed the line `` i 'd love to turn you on . '', 
  this was a drug reference , but the bbc banned it for the line about having a smoke and going into a dream , which they thought was about marijuana . 
  the ban was finally lifted when author david storey picked it as one of his desert island discs . 
  mccartney 's middle section ( woke up , got out of bed ... ) was intended for another song . 
  the final chord was produced by all four beatles and george martin banging on three pianos simultaneously . 
  as the sound diminished , the engineer boosted to faders . 
  the resulting note lasts 42 seconds , and the studio air conditioners can be heard toward the end as the faders were pushed to the limit to record it . 
  the rising orchestra-glissando and the thundering sound are reminiscent of `` entry of the gods into valhalla '' from richard wagner 's opera `` das rheingold , '' where after the rising glissando , thor beats with his hammer . 
  george martin said in his 1979 book all you need is ears that the glissando was lennon 's idea . 
  after lennon 's death , martin seems to have changed his mind . 
  in his 1995 book summer of love : the making of sgt. 
  pepper , he states that the rising orchestra-glissando was mccartney 's idea . 
  ( thanks to johan cavalli , who is a music historian in stockholm ) this being the last song on the album , the beatles found an interesting way to close it out . 
  after the final note , lennon had producer george martin dub in a high pitched tone , which most humans ca n't hear , but drives dogs crazy . 
  this was followed by a loop of incomprehensible studio noise , along with paul mccartney saying `` never could see any other way , '' spliced together . 
  it was put there so vinyl copies would play this continuously in the run-out groove , sounding like something went horribly wrong with the record . 
  kids , ask your parents about vinyl . 
  in 2004 , mccartney did an interview with the daily mirror newspaper where he said he was doing cocaine around this time along with marijuana : `` i 'd been introduced to it , and at first it seemed ok , like anything that 's new and stimulating . 
  when you start working your way through it , you start thinking , ` this is not so cool and idea , ' especially when you start getting those terrible comedowns . '', 
  the movie reference in the lyrics ( `` i saw a film today , oh boy . 
  the english army had just won the war '' ) is to a film lennon acted in called how i won the war . 
  keith richards named his second son tara after tara brown , the guinness heir who smashes his car in lennon 's first verse . 
  richard 's son was premature and died soon after birth . 
  the beatles started this with the working title `` in the life of ... '' this is a rare beatles song with a title that is not part of the lyrics . 
  another one is `` yer blues . '', 
  ( thanks , bertrand - paris , france ) that 's mal evans doing the counting during the first transition from john to paul . 
  he set the alarm clock ( heard on the recording ) to go off at the end of his 24-bar count . 
  evans also helped with the composition of a couple of songs on the sgt. 
  pepper album . 
  although he never received composer 's credit , the beatles did pay his estate a lump sum in the 1990s for his contributions . 
  evans died january 5 , 1976 after a misunderstanding with the police . 
  ( thanks , brad wind - miami , fl ) george martin ( from q magazine , july 2007 ) : `` john 's voice - which he hated - was the kind of thing that would send shivers down your spine . 
  if you hear those opening chords with the guitar and piano , and then his voice comes in , ' i heard the news today , oh boy ' it 's just so evocative of that time . 
  he always played his songs to me on the guitar and i would sit on a stool as he strummed . 
  the orchestral section was paul 's idea . 
  we put two pieces of songs together that were n't connected in any way . 
  then we had that 24-bars-of-nothing in between . 
  i had to write a score , but in the climax , i gave each instrument different little waypoints at each bar , so they would know roughly where they should be when they were sliding up . 
  just so they did n't reach the climax too quickly . 
  with a day in the life , i wondered whether we were losing our audience and i was scared . 
  but i stopped being scared when i played it to the head of capitol records in america and he was gob smacked . 
  he said , that 's fantastic . 
  and of course , it was . '', 
  ( thanks , edward pearce - ashford , kent , england ) in the original take , a 41 piece orchestra was not used . 
  instead , lennon had roadie mal evans count to 21 in a very trippy manner and set off an alarm clock after the 21 counts . 
  this version is on the 2nd anthology cd , and is a very different version than the one on sgt. 
  pepper .
