  don bradman is the first that comes to mind for me , though i 'm sure there are plenty that would appeal more to reddit 's us audience . 
  ( but i agree , as someone who is both a muso and sporty , musician would easily be the best choice . ), 
  ho chi minh does n't have unique or crazy weather . 
  it 's consistently hot and humid all year , with the change of it raining most days during the rainy season . 
  and that 's exactly the kind of weather i like . 
  i know right ? 
  what sort of mouse has a pet dog ? 
  northern territory , queensland , and wa mainly , i would 've said . 
  i have indeed heard that conversation quite often . 
  that said , i went to the * british * international school , hcmc , and the people i heard saying it were mainly the british teachers at the school ... 
  ok ignoring the community reference , that guy is an arsehole . 
  if it were me , i would 've pointed out how bad his accent when speaking english ( most likely ) is . 
  seriously , fuck that guy . 
  that sentence is really confusing when taken in context of the game 's lore . 
  geohot 's a resistance fighter for selling the secrets of a real company , but the resistance faction is effectively a pawn of niantic . 
  my head hurts . 
  is the deltabot not working ? 
  this is the second thread i 've been to where a delta has n't been awarded by deltabot even after many hours . 
  i do n't think your summary of his comment is correct . 
  i would summarise it `` i do n't like mra , and they 're usually morons , but on this particular issue they have the right of it , and you do n't , op . '', 
  [ ravel 's `` pictures '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsvpfu7ky7e ) is brilliant , but since that 's taken , i 'm going to go with [ respighi 's orchestration of bach 's passacaglia and fugue in c minor ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khephyelkkc ) . 
  [ and a link to a video of it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vxbmj6wizm ) . 
  i 'm very similar , except my naming for albums goes `` composer , piece , extra info '' , though extra info is most often limited only to the key in the case of concertos , symphonies , etc. 
  i 'm not sure how i 'd feel about essentially lying to my friends . 
  those last two points are great , but the rest are gross exaggerations . 
  what did `` lost access to him '' mean ? 
  ( hope i can get this answered even though i 'm 3 months late , got a link here from another thread regarding the order . ), 
  on the other hand , i do like that the comment you replied to recognises that the nsa 's collection of google 's information is done in a way that is without google 's compliance , rather than the whole anti-google circlejerk of `` google giving data to nsa '' . 
  i do n't know about this one , but for the ps2 equivalent , you definitely could . 
  it did n't have analogue sticks , which would make most games a pain , but it would work otherwise . 
  honestly , i think that apart from the data they 've got ( all our emails , calendar appointments etc. ), 
  people could leave google immediately if they did something like that . 
  bing is an alright alternative to google for search , hotmail/outlook works pretty nicely for email , etc. 
  google is easily the best in each case , but the alternatives are good enough that if google went behind a paywall , i could switch , and i think most people could too . 
  actually , this makes me think of something i 'd like to see in the new game . 
  proper alliances . 
  you could join together as an alliance and have two kingdoms fighting in a siege together against a common foe , or your enemy might be teamed up with someone to help defend their territory . 
  and there should be consequences for breaking these alliances , such as a reluctance of other sides to form another alliance with you . 
  this is similar to the issue here in australia . 
  our government ( currently our more progressive/left wing party , `` labor '' ) is in the process of rolling out the nbn ( national broadband network ) as fttp ( fibre to the premises ) . 
  however , we 've got an election early september , and it 's one that the opposition ( the more conservative/right-wing `` liberal '' party ) is likely to win . 
  their plan is to eliminate fttp in favour of fttn ( fibre to the node ) to save money and time , but of course at the cost of speed and increased maintenance . 
  side note , i do n't think i 've ever used so many brackets in one paragraph . 
  doing composer , piece , extras , will still do this . 
  but it has the added advantage of all pieces by the same composer being together as well . 
  recordings of the same piece will be next to each other within that . 
  as i 've already demonstrated , i 'm australian . 
  those are brackets here . 
  [ ] these are square brackets , and { } would be braces or squiggly brackets . 
  i 'm fairly sure he 's not arguing from the libertarian dogma . 
  it 's more of a `` i wish both sides of government would support this '' cry . 
  edit : never mind , / u/renderless 's later comment is quite clearly spouting libertarianism ... 
  true , but the monetary difference upfront is rather small , and the coalition 's plan has much higher maintenance costs , and will need to upgraded gradually anyway . 
  well this is / r/pics , non / r/australia . 
  americans love them some libertarianism . 
  i thought you guys did , but i did n't want to mention it in case i was wrong about that . 
  it certainly makes me jealous , but then i 'm happy anywhere in australia , having recently moved back here from vietnam where 1 mb/s is impressive . 
  by the way , smart move with the not moving thing , 
  sorry , what i meant to say was , americans on reddit love them some libertarianism . 
  and neither the labor nor liberal parties propose government control over the nbn . 
  once it is built , they will sell it off and the infrastructure can be used by the many other companies . 
  indeed , you can already get nbn plans from a number of non-government companies . 
  i also do n't know how to write a cheque . 
  but then , why would you need to ? 
  i do n't actually know of any reason that paying by cheque would be more convenient than another method . 
  ah , i did n't know that . 
  here in australia chequing accounts are n't even standard . 
  i do n't think my bank even really offered one when i signed up . 
  i definitely know what you mean . 
  the transition to adulthood does n't really feel like much of a proper transition . 
  sorry about the alcohol thing , though . 
  it strikes me as incredibly bizarre that the us does n't have an 18 drinking age . 
   our education services are a big winner in terms of the australian economy - especially universities . 
  and they want to cut funding to universities . 
  seriously , fuck our major parties . 
  i also do n't know anything about whether they get shafted when it comes to selling the research , but i have to say we definitely punch well above our weight when it comes to discovering the new things to begin with . 
  is that real , or a photoshopped kiss ? 
  upload speeds are important , but i think that it 's the last two points that are most important . 
  the only people i know who are * against * the nbn are so on money-related reasons , so an understanding that aspect of it ( and how it is n't nearly as big a deal as abbott would like you to believe ) would help far more than an explanation of better upload speeds . 
  in the reps , labor or greens . 
  in the senate , pick any more ` leftward ' party . 
  labor , greens , and the pirate party are all for it . 
  the liberal and national parties are against it . 
  sex party and australian democrats have n't announced a policy ( the sex party has more or less explicitly said they wo n't be announcing one , although the do support infrastructure in general ) , and the liberal democrats also do n't have any mention of it , though as a libertarian party they are in favour of `` an immediate end to government ownership of business enterprises '' , so it 's likely they will be against the nbn . 
  the wikileaks ' policy i could n't find , though i would be surprised if they do n't support it . 
  it 's worth going over all of the parties running for senate in your electorate ( even if just briefly ) , you can find a list of candidates at [ below the line ] ( http://www.belowtheline.org.au/ ) . 
  huh , cool . 
  i 'm a huge fan of cadbury 's top deck , so i imagine they 're relatively similar . 
  must say , though , i 've never liked hershey 's kisses very much ... 
  one major difference in america is the lack of preferencing . 
  that means obama had a lot to gain from converting potential libertarian or green voters who would actually be taking votes away from him . 
  also important is the lack of compulsory voting . 
  in america the idea of convincing your supporters to go out and vote in an election is incredibly important , whereas here it really is n't . 
  what were they ? 
  and more importantly , what were the answers ? 
  i agree , but the hedonic treadmill is at work here . 
  in a place where you 're incredibly oppressed , it seems extremely free in the western world . 
  but to someone who has always been in the western world , that feels ` normal ' and they feel as though they are unfree for not being able to smoke marijuana , just as one example . 
  has reddit stop auto linking / r/links that point to / r/imaginarysubredditsthatdontexist ? 
  i like to think of this as a meta post within the / r/funny subreddit .
