  so i 'd say the system is very effective at allowing third parties a chance of winning power and getting their voices heard , at least in the westminster system . 
  i imagine it could be adapted for the way the president is elected , and at least then third parties could run and voters would n't worry about taking away votes from their preferred major candidate . 
  it would also give the third party a more accurate look at how popular they are , and probably increase their likelihood of reaching that 5 % they need to run again ( i 'm not sure exactly how that works ) . 
  edit : but yes , you 're absolutely right that implementing this system ( or changing the system at all from the current one ) is very unlikely to happen . 
  entrapment requires not just putting someone in a position where they * can * do something illegal , but also getting them to do something they would not otherwise do . 
  i thought meaning of life was mediocre at best , but holy grail and life of brian are amongst my favourite films of all time !, 
  spaces before the final punctuation mark if it 's a question mark or exclamation mark ? 
  yeah i knew they did that , i was hoping it was some cool type of rule , like the oxford comma or something . 
  according to my dictionary a toque is a `` woman 's small hat '' . 
  you got woman 's clothing for your brother ? 
  ah , cheers . 
  really ? 
  i just ca n't stand store-bought anzac biscuits . 
  got ta be home-made . 
  returning service 's association ? 
  we call them rsls ( for league ) over in aus . 
   little stuff like having to tip , tax not being included in the price of anything, 
  damn ... and here i thought canada was more sensible in * every * way than their cousins to the south . 
  oh well , at least they are n't * worse * . 
  i was hoping you had just mistaken the name for victoria university in australia , and was disappointed when i found i 'd have to go all the way to canada for this ... 
  and kogan now even has one of the best mobile plans in the country . 
  unlimited calls , unlimited texts , 6 gb data ( not 4g , not even top-speeds of 3g , but still pretty fast ) , just $ 30 a month ( and cheaper if you pay upfront for longer periods of time ) . 
  i assumed op was australian because the thing 's from kogan . 
  ( i mean , they do sell to america , but i would have thought the number of aussie customers is more than us . ), 
  your first argument is a complete logical fallacy . 
  claiming `` slippery slope '' is fallacious unless you can definitively prove each step from a to z. 
  yeah , i really wonder how much notice twinlkinson and ubiquitous_one are giving their employees for this . 
  if it 's a few days in advance and they 're still always saying they 've got plans then fine ( i.e. , they 've a right to be angry ) , but if they 're calling the night before and expecting their employees to drop everything with such short notice then fuck them . 
  the most logical thing i can think of is that they want the hours at an earlier time . 
  look , if you 're calling them the night before you want them in , i do n't care how many times it happens , that 's just unreasonable on your part . 
  if you call them two or three days in advance and they ca n't do it once that 's fine , but if you give them two or three days notice on multiple occasions and they ca n't do it , then in that case * they * are completely at fault . 
  the bit about asking you to call them is an interesting modifier , but i still do n't think it completely changes the argument . 
  certainly it puts you a bit less in the wrong , but if they 're saying this i do n't think they mean they can come in with less than a day 's notice , i think they mean give them 24 + hours notice and they 'll be happy to come in on their day off ( unless they 've specified otherwise , of course ) . 
  if employers ca n't find workers at the current minimum wage , they should be paying above minimum . 
  really basic microeconomics stuff . 
  it 's not ? 
  i just assumed ea had bought it , but i guess it makes sense that someone else would do it as a prank . 
  yeah , i figured they own the trademark and could take control if they wanted . 
  just curious ( i personally am not a fan of any sort of hockey ) , is this only about ice hockey , or does it include field hockey as well ( and those smaller ones like inline ) ? 
  nfc is another way you can do this . 
  you 've just described the real reason this qr method ( or even better , nfc ) is useful . 
  it makes it so much easier , when you have guests over , for you to help them get connected to your wifi . 
  actually not always . 
  rarely is that rule played in australia . 
  ( remember 8 ball pool has no standardised rules . ), 
  sounds like a cool idea to me . 
  even for those that have , it 's still an awesome song . 
  no harm in hearing it again . 
  just wan na point out , this is a self-post , so there 's no karma involved . 
  ( you 're still right in general . ), 
  i present to you , [ wikipedia 's lamest edit wars ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:lamest_edit_wars ), 
   so do all of you reading this , if you 're older, 
  hell i 'm only 18 and i can relate to this ... 
  brilliant music , amazing scene , but i really do n't think immortal beloved was under appreciated at all . 
  i think it was actually a terrible film . 
  i do n't think this is bad music at all . 
  it 's certainly no masterpiece , but i think it 's a great piece of light , fun music . 
  i strongly disagree with you and the others criticising this , but take an upvote for the honesty and the detailed explanation of your reasoning ( and also to counteract the `` downvote because i disagree '' that others are giving you : read rediquette , guys ) . 
  i myself have n't played anything very exotic ( the closest would be harpsichord or virginals ) . 
  my favourite exotic instrument , though , is the armenian folk instrument known as the duduk . 
  you 've probably heard it a number of times [ in film music ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duduk#in_popular_culture ) . 
  it 's a small double-reeded instrument like the oboe , but has a much more breathy sound to it , absolutely beautiful . 
  my favourite example comes from [ avatar ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaslvesl2ns ) , where it is played as an in-world instrument called the tsungi horn ( resembling a large brass instrument ) . 
  in avatar it 's sound has been modified to resemble a brass instrument slightly more . 
  i love the serpent and cornett , they 're like the missing link between brass and wind instruments . 
  ( [ good link of actual playing of the cornett ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4bvmkiv3l4 ) ) . 
  to be fair , / r/atheism frequently discusses things that are n't directly related to religion ( you yourself even mentioned gay marriage as being something relevant ) . 
  in that case , why would talking about a country that is strongly associated with a religion be a problem ? 
  the large population card is way overused , i agree , but in this case i think it is correct . 
  it does n't mean things * ca n't * be done , just that they will take a longer time to implement . 
  yeah i agree completely . 
  when people use it as an argument for why something ca n't be done , it 's nearly always just a cop-out . 
  however , i do think it can be a valid argument for why some things will take longer to implement than it would for a smaller country . 
  it was a while ago i last saw it , so i do n't remember exactly what it was , but i think the story was just dull . 
  there were definitely some amazing scenes , like this one and the moonlight sonata one , but as a story it just did n't appeal to me . 
  the 1928 ballet scored for, 
   16 violins , 6 violas , 8 cellos , 4 double basses, 
  unfortunately the score is n't in imslp , but based on other stravinsky pieces it should be public domain in the united states , although not in europe , canada , or elsewhere . 
  i 'm so , so , sorry for this . 
  i 'm just about to start university ( in february ) doing software engineering , and although i 'm male , i 'm really worried about what the level of sexism may be among my peers . 
  i 'm so sorry that you were discouraged to the point you had to switch , and i really hope i can try and make the smallest of differences to some others in similar positions to what you were in . 
  i honestly ca n't understand how people can learn * any * instrument ( except perhaps the guitar ) without getting a teacher . 
  if it 's your first musical experience then learning all the important theory and stuff is so much easier , and it 's a good idea to keep the teacher for a few years . 
  even more experienced musicians , a few lessons to get the intricacies of the new instrument are so important . 
  the japanese claim it 's for scientific research , but everybody knows that it is in fact hunting for meat . 
  it 's not even an `` open secret '' , it 's just fact . 
  i punched it in in a minor , and it appears to be in b minor . 
  sigh . 
  my not-so-perfect pitch is always flat . ), 
  that may not be your fault . 
  baroque music often uses a different tuning , so it may be closer to a minor in a modern a440 . 
  i could be wrong , though , i do n't know exactly * how * baroque music is tuned ( if it 's higher or lower ... ) . 
  i figured it must have meant free online shooter , which would make sense except that there were n't many of those around ( at least that i know of ) in ' 97 . 
  actually , iirc , boromir actually dies in book 3 ( first half of the two towers -- lotr is a single novel consisting of 6 books and appendices ) in the novel . 
  edit : have n't got the book itself to check , but [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boromir#the_two_towers ) and [ lotr wiki ] ( http://lotr.wikia.com/wiki/boromir#death ) seem to back me up here . 
  [ except that op does n't own the disk ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/15pxb2/a_national_treasure_for_the_gaming_community/c7opzgs ) . 
  my only experience with real photographers has been through the twip and twit photo ( previously mostly photo ) podcasts , as well as a bunch of trey ratcliff stuff . 
  perhaps these guys are n't indicative of `` most '' photographers , but they mostly seem really down-to-earth ( though some of the guests on twip have been rather snobbish , i 've thought ) . 
  in my experience it 's always when the host has a guitar and someone there knows how to play it , one person ( usually not the one that can play it ) will mention that they play guitar , and then someone else will ask them to play . 
  this may be snobbish , but i 'm of the firm belief that you ca n't call yourself a `` musician '' unless you 've had at least a little education in a wide variety of music , from classical , to jazz , to modern .
