  for shame . 
  so primary school ( i think you guys call it elementary school ? ), 
  goes all the way up to year 8 ? 
  him using telekinesis to grab the bat , and then using the bat to telekinetically summon the ball , before having the ball fly back to the pitcher . 
  would be so damn awesome . 
  cricket commentary is amazing . 
  i would highly recommend hello internet , a podcast by cgp grey and brady haran , two well-known educational youtubers . 
  grey being known from his eponymous channel , and brady from numberphile , computerphile , sixty symbols , periodic videos , and many more . 
  if you 're interested in technology , anything from the this week in tech network is good . 
  in particular , the eponymous `` twit '' , windows weekly , macbreak weekly , and this week in google are great . 
  i 'm a uq student and this semester i have a class once a week in the same building as the pitch drop experiment . 
  the door to enter that lecture hall is actually the one right next to the experiment itself . 
  also , [ join the 10th watch ] ( http://www.thetenthwatch.com/ ) !, 
  there are a few pitch drop experiments . 
  the most famous one is at my university , the university of queensland in brisbane , australia . 
  it 's also the longest running one , going since 1927 ( so over 80 years ) . 
  the stuff you describe about how long it took seems to be describing the uq one . 
  the first few drops were between 7 and 9 years , but after the 7th drop it was moved in to more stable conditions , and the last few have taken over 12 years each . 
  the ninth drop fell april last year , and you can watch live for the 10th watch [ here ] ( http://www.thetenthwatch.com/ ) ( not that it 's the most engaging viewing ) . 
  however , the experiment described in the nature article there is in trinity college , dublin ( though they also briefly mention the uq one ) . 
  it 's being going since 1944 ( a little over 70 years now ) . 
  its last drop was in july 2013 . 
  what was special about this is that it was the first time a pitch drop was recorded on camera . 
  uq has had a camera watching it since before 2000 , when the 8th drop happened , but the camera stopped working just around the time that it actually fell . 
  [ here 's another one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbodxag2w1w&amp;t=0m25s ) . 
  cricket 's a dangerous sport if you 're a bird . 
  2 days `` lightning pic '', 
  i think i prefer the way cricket handles situations like this , which is basically `` tough shit , just run with it '' . 
  my school librarian recommended this to me . 
  it was the first time i really encountered anything like steampunk , and i absolutely loved it !, 
  unfortunately they did n't have the other books in the series though , so i never read any of the others . 
  really cool concept . 
  may i ask what the difference between `` founders '' and `` provisional '' is ? 
  oh my god . 
  that is such a great story . 
  it really was n't shit even then . 
  it got a huge amount of negative feedback based on a couple of reviews from people who clearly never played the game very much and/or were never really willing to give it a chance because they wanted something different . 
  it certainly was pretty buggy and it did have problems , but even then it was a good ( but not great ) game . 
  my uni does python first , followed by two courses that run simultaneously , one in java and one that 's mostly low-level hardware stuff , but touches on some assembly and then some c at the end , followed by a course that 's heavy in c. 
  i like the way my uni did it . 
  start with python , to get people used to the basic programming concepts like variables , assignment , the different types of loops and conditions , and functions without needing to worry about things like types , compiling , or anything like that . 
  also enforces good coding practice with the use of whitespace . 
  but then , immediately after that , go back to basics , and teach from ( more or less ) first principles by using and , or , nor , etc. 
  gates , and build up from there into other low-level concepts like flip flops and adders , and learning about different binary representations of numbers . 
  from there , a touch of assembly followed by a whole lot of c. by this point , you 're able to leverage both your understanding of basic imperative programming and a deeper understanding of what 's going on under the hood . 
  that just makes me want to know what the difference between a normal programming language and * actual * feminist programming languages ( not the parody c + = one , the ones designed to actually be pro feminism ) is . 
  yeah that 's the main issue i 'm getting at . 
  how are normal programming languages at all anti-feminist ? 
  shaw was such a brilliant villain . 
  brandon routh did such a good job of portraying shaw that i could n't trust his character in arrow for easily half a season even * after * the comic book readers informed me that he 's a well-known good guy . 
  to be fair , messiaen is at best a second-rate , probably even third-rate composer . 
  ( where i 'm using `` rate '' not as a measure of quality , but of how well known they are . ), 
  yeah , i just do n't like * any * seafood , and yet i 'm forced to tell tabitha that i do . 
  ca n't even just skip the question and give no feedback ( though that one is a result of whoever set up the survey itself , not the students making the questions ) . 
  also no asics shoes :(, 
  looking at [ the results ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1j7bjadhhb_qvainrkbmtqezu7dtheaq5lmiykwl-xio/viewanalytics?usp=form_confirm ) , it really astonishes me that there are more 5 children homes than 1 child homes . 
  and who are these * sick * people that claim the * morning * is their favourite time of day ? 
  most of the rest of the results did n't really surprise me very much . 
  loved how tiny the percentage of people that * have * heard of that `` osmo '' thing is , though . 
  i 'm guessing from the way the question was worded it 's some suite of educational apps or something ? 
  edit : it appears the results are no longer public . 
  what the hell op , what gives ? 
  in 5e an endurance check would be a type of constitution save . 
  as / u/heyo _ azo said , regular spells refresh every short rest and level 6 -- 9 spells ( the `` mystic arcanum '' spells ) refresh after a long rest . 
  but it 's very important to note that a short rest in 5e is an hour , while in 4e it was only 5 minutes or something . 
  so while in 4e there would be an implied short rest at the end of pretty much every encounter , in 5e a short rest is something that the party pretty much needs to explicitly take time out to do . 
   `` favorite drink '' category does n't include coffee, 
  well , at least we know for certain it definitely was made by the kids and not adults . 
  hahaha yeah i thought the same thing with google drive . 
  i 've heard of imovie , and i 've heard of and used khan academy 's website . 
  but drive is the only one i have on my phone or tablet , so that 's what i answered with . 
  it 's certainly not * required * , but it 's very unusual to * not * take eldritch blast as one of your cantrips . 
  it 's the bread and butter of a warlock , as it does 1d10 damage \\* , while chill touch is only 1d8 ( though it does also have the really cool effect of also imposing disadvantage , which can be pretty damn significant ) . 
  but as i said , it 's definitely not required . 
  go with whatever you think will fit your character 's personality , or what you think will be fun . 
  prestidigitation is an awesome spell . 
  can be very fun if used well . 
  arms of haddar looks really cool for a first level spell . 
  it does mesh very well thematically with chill touch , so there 's that . 
  comprehend languages is not a spell i personally would take very often . 
  but that 's mainly from my personal experience of my dms not having us have to deal with weird languages very frequently . 
  if you think that 's something that might come up from your dm , or if you think it 's something your character would want to be able to do for their own purposes , then it 's certainly not a bad spell . 
  \\* it 's also very common to take the agonising blast eldritch invocation when it becomes available , because then you can add your cha mod to the damage , making you the highest damage-dealing caster in the game . 
   mimicking a language is not hard, 
  lol . 
  someone clearly has never tried to mimic vietnamese or mandarin as a native speaker of a non-tonal language . 
  watsonian explanations  doylist explanations, 
   it 's the only one as there are no other feminist programming languages, 
  the link the person i replied to posted seemed to imply that there were , and that c + = was specifically developed as a sort of parody of that . 
  or was it that only someone who had * proposed * such a thing ? 
  but oh god , thanks for posting this . 
  it 's absolutely hilarious . 
  i 'm surprised that they have a problem with fork ( ) but not kill ( ) , or the concept of `` reaping '' one 's children . 
  wait what does mr. wayne and his butler have to do with this conversation ? 
  i thought we were talking about dark intelligent superheroes . 
  for me , it depends on the type of creature . 
  dumb things like wild animals attack whatever 's closest to them ( will usually , but not necessarily , be the party 's front line -- fighter , barbarian , etc. ) . 
  smarter or more wiley creatures may try to sneak around the front lines to go for the spellcasters , because they might recognise that the ability of a wizard or sorcerer to do a lot of damage means that they need to be taken out first . 
  a ) this post is in ** no ** way a meme . 
  it 's not even an image macro .
