  really fantastic free online game with a surprisingly high skill ceiling and a lot of importance on team communication , especially at higher levels . 
  would highly recommend . 
  ( check out / r/oltp or / r/oceanictagpro if you 're interested . ), 
  also play a bit of rts games . 
  age of mythology , age 3 , and battle for middle earth ii , mostly . 
   restoring the religious changes of his heretical father, 
  i never knew tutankhamun was the son of akhenaten !, 
  i also for some reason thought that both of these pharaohs ruled much later on than they did , at a point after egypt had long since dropped away from the height of its power . 
  but i just did some googling and learnt that they were a century before ramses ii . 
  cool !, 
  he ca n't talk about every little rule that people get wrong . 
  there are far too many !, 
  i view singular they as the flip side of the coin of `` y' all '' and `` yous '' as plural `` you '' ; both are people just naturally using the tools at their disposal to fill obvious gaps in the language as it relates to pronouns . 
  he ruined that one , and i personally think that in doing so he kinda automatically ruined the other . 
   this fact is directly counter to the narrative put out that it 's supposedly super leftwing, 
  i suspect this narrative comes from some of the abc 's editorial content . 
  news-like but not explicitly news programming , like qanda and insiders , or even things that can touch upon political issues like gruen and the checkout , which can sometimes carry a slight ( or sometimes not so slight ) leftist bias . 
  but indeed , if you look at their actual news reporting , the abc is one of the best and least biased news organisations in the world . 
  even if your use case is meant to be within a single us municipality , you still need to be able to handle other phone numbers . 
  what if someone from outside the state comes in and wants to use their phone number ? 
  or even someone from outside the * country * ? 
  how is your `` phone number as integer '' going to deal with the fact that most phone numbers begin with zero ? 
  there very frequently is n't a silver bullet to most problems . 
  but there is here . 
  and it 's that phone numbers should not be stored as an integer . 
  they need to be stored as a string , or possibly some other obscure made-for-purpose datatype . 
  it 's not even a little bit sly . 
  i mean , it 's a very cool gif . 
  really great skill that dude shows . 
  but he performed the trick exactly the way he intended to , and at no point did it even * look * like it was going poorly . 
  that 's not sly . 
  have you checked that you do n't already have one with that keyword ? 
  it lets me create one called `` pirate '' , but when i try to make a second one the only error message i get is simply `` not valid '' . 
  i 'm probably gon na be asleep when the actual ama happens , so i 'll ask here . 
  i 'm curious , what happened to your first account ? 
  hey could you guys please announce these using utc as the time zone ? 
  i have no idea when central time is and would have to first work out what numerical time zone central is , then add that to utc , and then convert from utc to my own time zone . 
  it 's much simpler for * everyone * if the shared time zone is a shared reference point that everyone understands , and then each person can simply add or subtract the right amount for their own time zone . 
  cheers, 
  when they do strictly politics episodes , the panel itself is pretty balanced . 
  and they always share their audience political views , and it 's pretty evenly balanced there too . 
  the bigger problem comes when they do episodes that * are n't * strictly about politics . 
  for better or worse , many of these are on topics that are expressly shared by the left of australia 's political spectrum . 
  they probably * should n't * be that way , because many of them feel like they should just be basic human rights -- things like racial and gender equality , freedom over one 's own body , etc. 
  -- but that 's how many people are likely to interpret it . 
  ah , that 's a shame . 
  still , i guess if you 're still being allowed to use your new account that it 's no big problem . 
  as a side note , reddit has * admins * . 
  mods are volunteers who run individual subreddits . 
  it 's a matter of personal preference . 
  ideally , everyone in the group should be on the same page with this sort of thing , but neither approach is right or wrong . 
  personally , i definitely like to be more cautious . 
  i also like a world in which threats that are truly potentially * deadly * are quite common , at least outside of major cities . 
  that 's an environment in which being careful is more expected and closer to the `` right '' approach , if you could ever think of there as being a right and wrong approach . 
   a college marching band mate playing the flute in tears that was displayed on jumbotron during a ncaa men 's basketball tournament match between villanova university and north carolina state university in late march 2015 . 
   after villanova university 's loss to north carolina state in the annual march madness ncaa basketball tournament , roxanne ( last name unknown ) began to cry . 
  she then looked up at the jumbotron and saw herself featured on the screen crying . 
  `` i 'm a senior in the band , so i knew that was my very last game . 
  it 's just so easy to get emotional especially being a senior , that just changed the game for me , knowing it was my last game , '' roxanne said to the angelo cataldi of cbs philadelphia . 
  [ [ source ] ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/villanova-crying-piccolo-player ), 
  / r/boh5e is the best place . 
  anyone can submit their homebrew there , but it wo n't be made visible unless the critics ( who go through a rigorous test to be an approved critic ) decide it looks pretty high quality . 
  then , each approved brew gets an in-depth review , after which it is scored out of 10 . 
  anything lower than i think 7/10 gets removed . 
  there are some individuals ' sites that also have very good content , like walrock and jono . 
  / r/unearthedarcana is a free-for-all , but as far as free-for-alls go , i think it 's probably the best out there . 
  it has a strong community that really cares about designing good stuff , so bad things frequently get torn apart or downvoted , so it 's usually pretty easy to find the better stuff , and people often take the criticism and make something better next time , which also raises the quality compared to dandwiki . 
  i would ** not ** recommend the dm 's guild . 
  like dandwiki or / r/unearthedarcana it 's a free-for-all . 
  anyone can post anything they want . 
  but unlike / r/unearthedarcana , it * does n't * have a community that places a strong emphasis on reviewing and improving homebrew . 
  it also does n't help that the technical design of the website does n't encourage that sort of stuff either . 
  it 's a good sight better than dandwiki , but a long way short of / r/unearthedarcana . 
  it also requires you to make an account , `` buy '' ( even for $ 0 , if what you 're downloading is even allowed to be `` bought '' for free ) each homebrew you want to use , and then download it . 
  you ca n't just click a link and take a look . 
  they do n't care to make them very good , because they 'd rather people do it online . 
  it 's cheaper for them this way , and also more convenient for users . 
  i found the video quality absolutely fine . 
  about the same as what i 'd normally get . 
  but the audio was awful . 
  the version i got was sixty something minutes long , because it was slightly fast forwarded , resulting in the audio being too high pitch . 
  i told vlc to play it back at 90 % speed , which made the video playback more or less right speed , but the audio was still a little too high . 
  it was really off-putting at first , though i got used to it about a quarter of the way through . 
  i think it looks gorgeous . 
  i did n't get a case until a month ago , and even then i sought out a clear one , just because i really like how it looks . 
  and a lack of headphone jack is a complete deal breaker . 
  it could be the best phone in the world in every other way , at a price of $ 500 , and no headphone jack would still make it a complete dud . 
  nothing wrong with being pedantic !, 
  it 's a bit like touch . 
  touch is the name of the sport , but most people call it touch football or touch rugby . 
  trademark , not copyright . 
   i was going for the ball sir, 
  when i heard that i thought `` yeah whatever mate '' . 
  then on the replay it was pretty clearly true . 
  yeah . 
  i can see them not calling it a penalty try , because he very likely would n't have got to the ball in time . 
  but how could it not at least be a penalty ? 
  ah well . 
  scored off the next play anyway . 
  2 bad `` tackled in midair '' calls in a row .
