  the ads at bus stops often have a qr code and an nfc tag in the bottom corner for people who want to get more information . 
   i find all the extra vocal things most pop singers added to music as superfluous and actually removes meaning from the work because it no longer is about the music but the singer . 
  but this happened in classical music as well . 
  the cadenzas in many classical concertos are about nothing other than showing off the talent of the performer . 
  bernstein has a great lecture on the topic , possibly one of his harvard lectures . 
  holy fuck i 've never heard of the citizens electoral council . 
  definitely gon na look into them just for the lulz . 
  i ca n't believe that 's a thing ... 
  great that you mentioned the doctor , because there 's another parallel here . 
  i have n't watched much of the new series , but i read something about how both the doctor and another timelord saw each others ' deaths . 
  i do n't know the name of the other character , but she 's apparently famous for saying `` spoilers '' , in reference to the fact that they have both seen each other at numerous times in their lives . 
  i was under the impression this was for what value you have already got out of games you bought . 
  ideally it would have the price you paid at the time you bought it . 
  huh ? 
  is alfred available on windows now ? 
  i 'm talking about windows ' snip tool . 
  there 's no need for a specific tool on os x because its built-in screenshot functionality is so good . 
  that 's actually a really cool idea . 
  op , perhaps you could ( with users ' * explicit * consent , of course ) aggregate the average hours that people play each game for , and use that in a suggestion calculation ? 
  octal has eight digits ( you showed 8 , but wrote `` there are only nine '' ) . 
  and rankine !, 
  ( 0 is absolute 0 , \u2206 1r = \u2206 1 \u02daf ), 
  even better , centimetres are n't actually a `` standard '' unit . 
  scientifically 1000 mm to a metre , 1000 m to a kilometre is better . 
  but in general the fact that you can use basic prefixes that allow anybody to know what scale you 're working at is a massive boon . 
  is there a relevant xkcd about rule 34 ? 
  if we 're gon na be like this , you got ta use utc ( * especially * if you 're going to use `` eastern standard time '' as the other option , since there 's at least two timezones with that name : utc +10 and utc-5 ), 
  of course . 
  thank you . 
  the japanese format ( yyyy-mm-dd ) is the accepted international standard ( iso 8601 ) . 
  what ? 
  the name `` inches '' does n't inherently tell you how far an inch is . 
  in the metric system you only need to know one distance ( the metre ) , and everything scales from that . 
  i 'm in my room , lying down in bed on my side , and i still tried it ... 
  how ` bout guy staring at his computer screen alone outside ? 
   i know the / s should be almost rhetorical but experience tells me, 
  i do n't think `` rhetorical '' means what you think it means ... 
  this issue comes up * a lot * on here . 
  long story short , yes a two party system is bad , but there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  it 's an inevitable consequence of your first past the post voting mechanism . 
  resorting to propaganda now ? 
  wow , this screams of big brother . 
  awesome !, 
  would you mind getting back to me when ( if ) they reply ? 
  i 'm curious to see if they 're consistent or not . 
  ooo some people are gon na be really angry they went through all that to discover at the end they could n't pick what they identify as for their gender . 
  but aside from that , this was painful . 
  the order of the drinks was inconsistent , the answers available were inconsistent ( some had an option for none , some did n't ) , and it felt like it just went on and on and on . 
  not good in a voluntary internet survey . 
  most parts of europe that i 'm aware of have either some form of preferential voting or some form of proportional voting . 
  check out cgpgrey 's video on first past the post . 
  edit : or see [ this wikipedia article ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/duverger's_law ), 
  perhaps saying inevitable was too strong a word , but it is the usual consequence and it is very likely to happen . 
  yes , perhaps inevitable was too strong a word , however it is an incredibly likely . 
  see cgpgrey 's video about first past the post , or [ this wikipedia link ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/duverger's_law ), 
  inside the bell itself , or the tower that holds it ? 
   then she would still do the work, 
  i think the point is you have to learn the language in order to speak to * her * . 
   so it still begs the same question : why do you think that these new coalition members would always end up appearing from * your * favorite progressive-leftist extreme ? 
  ok first , '' [ begs the question ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/begs_the_question ) '' does n't make any sense here . 
  but more importantly , they should n't necessarily be from my ( or his ) favourite party , they should represent , as closely as possible , the views of the people . 
  if the majority of people happen to agree with me , then my favourite candidate should be the one that wins . 
  if the majority disagree with me , then i have to just deal with having less representation . 
  i do n't have a thorough understand of the bundestag , but from what i understand it 's a fairly prototypical mmp system . 
  i agree with you that it suffers from the problem of tactical voting on your first vote ( for the direct mandate of your seat ) , but it does make up for this with the second vote . 
  in effect , the second vote is used to balance the total representation so that it matches with the opinions of the population . 
  in the end result , if 30 % of people like party a , 25 % like party b , 40 % like party c , and 5 % like party d , the total seats in the bundestag should balance out to those numbers ( within one or two seats ) . 
  a would get 187, 
  b would get 155, 
  c would get 249, 
  d would get 31, 
  or thereabouts . 
  [ cgpgrey 's video on it explains it very well ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0i-sdosxu ) . 
  i do wonder , though , if using stv * for the direct mandated seats * and then allocating the other half of the seats using the current proportional system , would work better . 
  i had never heard of it before . 
  ( i 'm not in the us either , so perhaps ? ), 
  but one of the later questions was about increasing its brand popularity , so to me that implied it 's not very well known anyway . 
  as an australian this happens virtually every time . 
   why is the latter more accurately representing what `` the people want '' , than the former ? 
  i do n't mean to sound hostile , but i genuinely do n't even understand this question . 
  how is a representation in which multiple parties reflecting the multitude of political ideas held by the people are given representation proportional to the number of people who hold those ideas possible * not * a more accurate representation ? 
  no such thing . 
  there 's no reason to avoid spoiling a great story for someone just because it happens to be really old . 
   but they can only order one type , in bulk, 
  your premise is faulty . 
  when it comes to voting on an issue , each party will vote in accordance with its policies , and since each party has a representation in the parliament roughly equal to its representation in the people , the result of any one issue should represent the will of the people . 
  well the only theoretical reason you would want stv combined with mmp is that the local representatives would be exactly who was chosen by the majority of people in their electorate . 
  obviously the proportions would still work out the same . 
  but i was only posing it as a hypothetical anyway . 
  and that 's a good point regarding mmp in your latter two paragraphs . 
  i wonder , is there some form of proportional system that takes preferences into account ? 
  but who forms government ? 
  if there 's no majority it will be a coalition of those chosen . 
  and since the forming of that coalition is between the members that have been elected , the coalition will be between whichever broad political beliefs are most represented among individual members , and thus the government that is formed represents the beliefs of the majority . 
  i do n't understand , what 's your point ? 
  yes there 's a world outside the us , but that poster happens to be inside it , and was comparing something that happened in australia to his own situation , and pointing out the differences . 
  the us centricism of people on reddit bothers me ( an australian ) sometimes , but this time is n't one of them . 
  oh sorry , you 're right . 
  my mistake , i was talking about instant run-off . 
  from that video , it seems as though he acknowledges that flaw in his leadership last time and intends ~ ~ not ~ ~ to improve himself .
