   he is promising to knock some barnacles off the boat, 
  nono . 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  he got rid of all the boats . 
   many even oppose voting, 
  sounds good to me . 
  i do n't really want their nonsense getting voted in , anyway . 
   though i strongly disagree with your critique of the preference system as being about dodgy deals because i think it 's about strategy, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  would you disagree with the statement that , during the last federal election , many parties set up their gvts in a way that was not best aligned with the ideals of the majority of people voting for that party ? 
  oh god hear fucking hear . 
  i just find him absolutely insufferable . 
  i was watching his unity review recently , and he described 30 fps as `` unplayable '' . 
  now , obviously with the specs that he has , no game should ever be running at 30 fps , but even so , it is absolutely not * unplayable * like that . 
  similarly , how he goes on and on about the fucking game 's menu . 
  and if it 's missing a certain feature , well clearly that 's a mark against the game . 
  god forbid that there might be a * reason * they decided not to put a field of view slider . 
  particularly , for example , in a game with a strong atmosphere ( like a good horror game ) , it 's really not hard to imagine that fov was locked for artistic reasons , is it ? 
  he 's just so damn insufferable and puts this high and mighty air across , as though anybody who has a different opinion than him must be inferior . 
  i do n't expect to agree with a reviewer on everything , but i do expect not to feel belittled if i do disagree . 
  what gives , mods ? 
  this is clearly content of interest to australians at the moment , so soon after phillip hughes ' death . 
  ( commenting here because apparently i ca n't comment on the original link anymore , since it 's been deleted by the mods . ), 
  that 's true . 
  is french bread known for not being sweet ? 
  i know it has a reputation of being very `` good '' , but i do n't really know what that entails . 
  that still does n't help if his aim is to have a keyboard that can be used easily with the hands not in touch typing position , or for a non-dvorak typist to be able to use his computer . 
  hmm ... i must say i do n't remember that , though i was pretty young when i lived in korea . 
  right , there is a practical way to do it . 
  i never said or implied that there was n't . 
  it 's just that whatever way there is , the photographer did n't use it , which is what my point was . 
   the tripling of uni fees would be more expensive than keeping fees at their original level, 
  interesting . 
  how does that work ? 
  i know . 
  that 's the point i was making . 
  their beliefs in economic policy are so fundamentally unsustainable , if they 're choosing not to vote , i do n't care what their reason is , that 's a good thing for the country . 
  i did n't realise you were libertarian . 
  i generally avoid debating libertarians because it is generally based strongly in ideology , rather than fact and reason , and as such it 's rare to find one that i can have an intelligent conversation with . 
  though i remain ever hopeful that i may some day find an exception . 
  i 'll make a brief comment , though . 
  it 's the disregard for the poor . 
  lack of funding for healthcare and education from the government necessarily reduces socio-economic mobility , which means someone who is poor will stay poor , and their kids will stay poor . 
  the same is true of infrastructure -- the government can build things that will either not be built at all in the free market , or which will be built but then individuals will be charged for it such that it ends up costing them more than it would from the government -- it 's better for society as a whole if a central government can build it . 
  i took a brief look through your post history , and you made this comment :, 
   do you think that only people that can offer something of value are important ? 
  should we ignore or disregard those that ca n't ? 
  no , i do n't believe that . 
  but ** you do ** . 
  that 's exactly the sort of attitude that is * inherently * a part of right libertarianism ( i.e. , normal libertarianism ) . 
  the person who made the comment you replied to was feigning a libertarian attitude towards life , demonstrating what it leads to . 
  in libertarianism , if someone is unable to work ( particularly due to old age or sickness ) , there 's no support system for them . 
  they 're just stuck out in the cold , metaphorically -- and also potentially , in extreme cases , literally -- speaking . 
  it 's a belief system that has taken root in america , and you only need to take a brief look at the country to see how damaging it is . 
  thankfully , it seems so far not to have gained any significant traction in australia . 
  though the election of leyonhjelm of the liberal democrats is a frightening step in the wrong direction . 
  hmm fair enough . 
  i ca n't say i agree , but it 's certainly an interesting viewpoint . 
  i laughed way too hard at this . 
  `` it 's like a big oboe . '', 
  what do do with a viola player that ca n't play ? 
  give him two sticks and put him in the back, 
  what do you do if he ca n't do that ? 
  take away one of the sticks and put him up front . 
  what 's the difference between a bull and an orchestra ? 
  the bull has the horns in the front and the asshole in the back, 
  say , this is completely off topic , but did you ever get a response regarding the minuet ? 
  no , definitely not . 
  i try to stay true to what the composer would have wanted , but here 's the thing : instruments today are vastly different than instruments of the time . 
  had the composer had access to today 's instruments , what they would have wanted may have been vastly different from what they wrote in their time . 
  i usually try to keep this in mind , and play something that is true enough to what the composer would have wanted , but adjusted for the modern instrument . 
  wait , so cisco is short for francisco , and not just a reference to the company cisco ( on account of him being a nerd ) ? 
  that 's actually kinda disappointing ... 
  there 's a cool piece for clarinet choir called [ ja da ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bati95brov0 ) . 
  i can send you the sheet music if you like . 
  it 's not like it dropped from parity overnight . 
  it 's been dropping for weeks . 
  chances are that the drop since you started your trip is minuscule . 
  i do n't know why you think he does n't understand exchange rates . 
  my parents get part of their income in usd ( the other part is in vnd , since they work in vietnam ) . 
  a weaker aussie dollar is absolutely a good thing for people who get paid in foreign currencies . 
  it means that the amount they 're getting in aud is greater . 
   sunlight is radiation , your heater produces radiation . 
  which is exactly why the kind of extremely harmful gamma radiation needs to be distinguished somehow . 
  for example by using the adjective `` toxic '' . 
  i 'd do the same , but preface it with a verbal `` ok google '' . 
  in all seriousness , if we 're using python , i 'd try dir ( str ) before i bothered googling anything . 
  this is my head canon . 
  with the title i was expecting thea . 
  not if they 're a leftie . 
  not me , but my cousin once told me that when she was younger she thought she could fly up she was doing breaststroke . 
  i would love a movie set some years in the future , but i thought chuck 's ending was absolutely perfect for the end of the show . 
  off topic , but i do hope that the next episode of hi will involve some discussion of derek of veritasium 's video on the future of education . 
   i think australia is comparatively freer , both economically and socially than the u.s , possibly why libertarianism has n't really taken off here, 
  try saying that to any american . 
  they will go absolutely apeshit . 
  not saying i disagree there , i just think that many americans may not like the idea . 
  seems far more efficient to do the same thing , but set the keyword to `` r '' . 
  unless you happen to be a programmer who works in r -- and thus needs to google r-related content frequently -- i ca n't imagine it would ever really cause conflict . 
  even then , you could just switch to putting `` r '' at the end of the search .
