  they do n't cast fireballs or animate dead . 
  they attack directly into an enemy 's mind , causing it pain , making it forget things , and forcing it to act against its will . 
  they move things around telekinetically to block paths or strike the enemy . 
  and occasionally they 'll shape objects out of nothingness . 
  they do n't do these be waving hands , saying some magic words , and grabbing some spell components , instead , their powers work purely by concentrating on what they want to happen with their minds . 
  mechanically , they do n't use spell slots , they use psionic power points . 
  these do n't work * quite * the same as the spell points variant option for arcane casters . 
  instead their about * augmenting * things that they can already do to some extent . 
  instead of piercing an enemy mind for 1d8 , they spend some power points and it now does 3d8 . 
  i suggest you have a read over the first 5 levels that wizards has already released from an earlier unearthed arcana . 
  they 'll probably be changed a bit before final release , but it gives you a decent idea of why it fundamentally ca n't just be a wizard subclass or reflavouring . 
  there are a few areas of overlap , particularly with the enchantment school , but there just is n't enough overlap to make that viable . 
  cavalier was released in the latest unearthed arcana , as a fighter subclass . 
  i ca n't elaborate much more because to my knowledge , there is n't really much more to say . 
  but i can elaborate on something closely related . 
  you 'll note i used the term `` dynamic range '' . 
  that 's a technical term in photography that refers to the amount of difference between light and dark areas in a photo that can be properly exposed . 
  it 's measured in `` stops '' . 
  in photography , `` stops '' are the general measurement of light . 
  photographers who use manual modes , or use aperture or speed priority modes and adjust the exposure compensation on their camera , are working directly with stops . 
  each time you double the shutter speed ( the time the shutter is open and taking in light ) , for example going from 1/60th of a second to 1/30th , you go up one stop of light . 
  changing the aperture ( size of the hole through which light enters ) also has an effect . 
  aperture is measured in `` f stops '' , which have a rather complicated relationship to the actual size of the hole in millimetres ( which i wo n't go into here ) . 
  but if you go from f/2 .8 to f/2 .0 , that 's one stop , and will increase the brightness by the same amount as doubling the shutter speed ( note : smaller f stops are a larger aperture ) . 
  there 's also iso , which just increases the sensitivity of the sensor . 
  going from 200 to 400 is one stop brighter . 
  each of these three techniques has a trade off , though . 
  increased shutter speed introduces [ blur ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5232/5913321600_99c6f8d9da_b.jpg ) ( rarely desired , but not * never * , as you can see in the above image , which was taken by tracking the camera along with the subject so they stay unblurred while the background moves , increased aperture decreases [ depth of focus ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5070/5598935406_b4c02cc25e_b.jpg ) ( the amount of the image that 's in focus -- this is very often a * desired * effect , and sometimes filters need to be used so that a large aperture can be used and not have the subject too bright ) , and increasing the iso introduces [ noise ] ( http://blog.carlchapman.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/canon-g12-noise-shots-4ev.jpg ) ( basically never desired ) . 
  but because , as i said earlier , the human eye works logarithmically , one stop does n't actually appear to be all that much . 
  the scene wo n't look doubly bright . 
  it 'll look just a little brighter . 
  so when a camera has a dynamic range of , say , 11 ( which is at the * very * high end of dslr cameras today ) , it can take in an amount equal to doubling the literal brightness 11 times . 
  the human eye , by contrast , has an instantaneous dynamic range of about 14 -- but because of how naturally our eye adjusts as we move it about the scene , in practice we can get more like 24 . 
  you 've probably heard of hdr photography before , especially since it 's lately been getting added to a lot of phone camera apps . 
  hdr stands for `` high dynamic range '' , and the general technique is that the camera takes multiple images of the same scene in quick succession , each at different exposure values ( usually by adjusting shutter speed , since it normally has the smallest effect on the image , and then merges them together . 
  this way , you can increase the dynamic range so that both dark and light areas of a scene can be seen . 
  the canonical answer , from brimstone angels : lesser evils , by erin m. evans , the sequel to `` brimstone angels '' , the book quoted in the racial entry for tieflings :, 
   the children born to tieflings after that rite were devil-born . 
  the true-breeding scions of asmodeus . 
  a hundred years ago , a body might have a little devil blood , and mixing with the right mortals would thin it out . 
  mortals do n't breed straight down , after all . 
  not even with fiendish blood in them . 
  now a dozen generations could go by , but the result will be the same . 
   mortals do n't breed straight down -- but tieflings , ah tieflings were the exception . 
  tieflings did n't mix , did n't dilute . 
  a human and an elf might beget a half-elf , but no matter who laid down with a tiefling -- human , elf , orc -- the result was another tiefling . 
  so the answer is yes , a tiefling and an elf could breed . 
  the result would be a tiefling . 
  of course , you 're free to change this in your own campaigns if you feel it necessary or interesting . 
  also , amazing that you asked this right now , because i literally listened to that part of the audiobook just half an hour ago . 
  so , umm ... we 're supposed to be going live tomorrow , and we still have n't had a survey on how we want it to be run . 
  it 's only the second d&d - based series that i 've read . 
  the first was `` making of a mage '' and the second and third books in that series , by greenwood . 
  the first two were * okay * . 
  i would n't have read them if i did n't feel obligated to as part of a character backstory ( the character was bookish , and i decided to say that series existed in-universe , and was my character 's favourite ) , but they were n't a horrible experience . 
  i 'd probably recommend them to people who are big fans of the realms , but no one else . 
  the third one was terrible and after that i could n't bring myself to continue the series . 
  i would n't recommend that one to * anyone * . 
  i initially read brimstone angels for the same reason : character research . 
  honestly , i 'm absolutely loving them . 
  these are books that i would recommend to lovers of fantasy even if they do n't play d&d , or if they do play d&d but do n't have any interest in tieflings , warlocks , devils , or the other subject matter , as far as actually playing/running them in-game . 
  the character interactions are really great , and i love the way some of them are developing . 
  the main plots are less interesting , but still quite good , with some nice intrigue aspects to them . 
  and from the perspective of someone that finds warlocks and the hells fascinating , it 's even better , because there 's a * lot * of interesting material and insight into these . 
  but yes , you 're right that this is n't * necessarily * still true in 5e . 
  however , in the absence of any further evidence so far ( i 'm still only about three quarters of the way through the second book of what is currently a 5 book series , so perhaps the later books have more ) , i 'd suspect it remains true for the * most * part . 
  one of the things mentioned in lesser evils is that prior to asmodeus 's deal with the toril 13 , tieflings all looked different and had different origins . 
  in 4e they were homogenised and all look mostly the same , as a result of that deal . 
  5e 's tieflings carry on that homogeneity , which is why i suspect their bloodlines probably still remain the same . 
  yeah , that 's probably my feeling . 
  probably worth noting that even the `` cookie-cutter '' tieflings can have some variance . 
  their horns can be barely more than small stubs , or giant twisting monstrosities . 
  and more particularly , their skin colour can vary from a deep devilish red to indistinguishable from humans ( indeed , farideh and havilar are described as having a fairly human colour of skin , such that if you looked at them from the front with their hoods up , the eyes would be the only way to tell they * are n't * human ) . 
  yeah i agree . 
  i 'm not a fan of the overly `` flairy '' style of freerunning . 
  parkour , with its more pragmatic movements , is far more interesting to watch . 
  but seeing how they did it was fascinating . 
  i do n't even care that it was an ad , it was interesting . 
  fun fact , [ everyone actually expected the spanish inquisition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o85nk1eenmy ) . 
  only one season of house of cards ? 
  i thought season 2 was fantastic , and it ended at a point that would have made a brilliant ending point . 
  season 3 was very disappointing , imo because it differed so dramatically from the source material . 
  seasons 1 and 2 were very close in spirit to the uk house of cards . 
  season 3 concentrated too much on characters that were uninteresting and had far less development on the original , to the detriment of the whole show . 
  hopefully season 4 gets back on track and ends the show * with a bang * . 
   killing felicity off after she 's just been shot and paralyzed is just bad writing, 
  it 's also confirmed not to be her , as of episode 10 . 
  they released a patch for the base game to provide compatibility with the expansion . 
  wow this is terrible advice . 
  you should not be taking your native language as language b , full stop . 
  it 's thoroughly against the spirit of the course . 
  maths hl is certainly the hardest ib subject , but it 's also an incredibly rewarding one . 
  if you are interested , or think you * might * be interested , in anything related to science , engineering , or even computers , taking maths hl is a very good idea , if you 're capable of it . 
  i would suggest only taking studies if you think you wo n't get at least a 6 in maths sl . 
  but the absolute worst bit of this post , by far , is :, 
   do n't take a course just because you 're interested in it , take it because you 're good at it . 
  no no no no ** no ** . 
  your final ib score is ultimately not something that 's going to matter too much in life . 
  you should be expanding your knowledge in areas that interest you first and foremost, 
  definitely , if you know what you want to study at university ( though let 's be honest , a * lot * of people do n't know what they really want to do when they 're picking their ib subjects ) , then do those at hl , for sure , but around those , pick subjects that interest you .
