  but to briefly summarise :, 
   in one electorate of which i am aware , the liberal candidate obtained a majority of votes but less than the necessary percentage to win the seat outright . 
  the labour candidate did not gain sufficient first-preference votes either but held the seat because of the second-preference votes of the greens . 
  this is exactly what you would expect should happen given the australian political spectrum . 
  that is not strategic or `` tactical '' ( as the article puts it ) voting . 
  and they did not obtain a `` majority '' at all , or they would have won the seat outright . 
  i know the telegraph is n't exactly known for being unbiased , but they should be ashamed to have published something this factually incorrect . 
  it 's no wonder the uk made the wrong decision at their referendum when they were being shovelled lies like this . 
  dst causes :, 
  * a spike in heart problems, 
  * a spike in traffic accidents, 
  * a spike in suicides, 
  * lower worker productivity, 
  * endless difficulties in communicating with other time zones, 
  on the positive side , it brings ... 
  * at the real time of 6 pm your clock says 7 pm, 
  basically , there is no rational argument in favour of it . 
  it 's an objectively bad thing . 
  and that 's even before you get into the bizarre pointlessness of it . 
  it puts more daylight in the afternoon * at the time of year where daylight is already out really late * . 
  it would make more sense if dst was enacted in * winter * than summer . 
  [ this video has some interesting points about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84awtseb2-4 ) . 
  apart from the specific situation with arizona , it 's pretty much all applicable here too . 
  a bunch of options . 
  direct election . 
  means * people * are truly deciding who gets the presidency . 
  states are all given one vote each . 
  means the states are truly given equal weight . 
  each individual electorate is counted for one vote ( president will likely but not necessarily be the same as the party with the majority in the house ) . 
  parliamentary democracy . 
  get rid of president entirely in favour of a westminster-like system where the most powerful position is the leader of the party with the majority in the house . 
  replace appointed `` secretaries '' with `` ministers '' who are appointed from within the elected members of the house . 
  depending on your specific goals , any of these might be better than the current system . 
  ah that 's interesting . 
  i quite liked the way they did assessments when i took it . 
  there was an individual and a team assignment . 
  for each of them , you had to submit a design document describing what the site will look like and why , and then submit the implementation of that . 
  it 's literally a phrase lifted straight from latin . 
  we pluralise it just as they would . 
  though apparently i did it wrong . 
  no , there was n't . 
  i 'm really glad i did it when i did now . 
  ideally , legislatures should be elected using a proportional method . 
  see grey 's videos about stv and mmp for examples . 
  there 's also a good video where john cleese explains stv ( though he just calls it `` proportional representation '' ) . 
  holy shit !, 
  onenote supports wikilinks that 's amazing !, 
  how did i not know that was a thing, 
  b&m is generally regarded as not a very good subject in general . 
  if you 're potentially interested in business-y stuff , economics is the choice you should go with . 
  econ sl is n't particularly hard . 
  i got a 6 in it with * no * experience prior to ib , and i had to learn most of the curriculum in one year , because it turns out my first year teacher was incompetent and had no idea what he was doing ( ended up being fired from the school , basically ) . 
  i did n't do computer science because it was n't offered at my school when i went through . 
  but they offer it now , and i 've talked with the teacher . 
  the impression i got was that it 's not particularly great . 
  formal education in programming * definitely * valuable , but a university software engineering programme is probably better than ib compsci , and universities usually structure their programmes to assume no prior programming experience anyway , so ib compsci probably would n't even help much . 
  chemistry is often a recommended prerequisite for engineering , but unless you 're doing chemical or biomedical engineering , it 's probably not mandatory or even particularly helpful in terms of actual content , but it * might * be helpful with admissions . 
  look at specific university programmes to find out if that applies to you . 
  chemistry hl is often regarded as one of the * hardest * subjects in ib , behind maths hl . 
  i 'd assume this also means chemistry sl is a very hard choice for an standard level subject , but i do n't know for sure . 
  calling it an `` easy 7 '' seems a stretch , though . 
  i ca n't say anything about history . 
  i dropped it at igcse and never really talked about the course with others , so i do n't know . 
  which of these should you take ? 
  i 'd say you can safely rule out computer science and b&m as bad choices , but there 's something definitely to be said for econ , chemistry , and history . 
  english lit hl is * definitely * a hard subject to get a 7 in . 
  it 's notorious for that . 
  i do n't know about langlit , but i suspect it 's also pretty hard . 
  i have n't seen it , but there 's a movie based on the play death and the maiden by ariel dorfman . 
  the movie has the same name . 
  if the movie lives up to the play , it will deliver absolutely * perfectly * on what you want . 
  it 's not based on a true story per se , but it 's very closely tied to real-world events , being set right after the end of the pinochet regime and attempting to deal with the consequences of the pinochet regime on one person in particular . 
  the play has a very eery , ambiguous ending where you 're not entirely sure what happened . 
  wikipedia says that the film slightly changed that , but there 's still room for interpreting it ambiguously . 
  she did a similar thing with an in-universe book that 's been published in the real world about quidditch . 
  i ca n't remember its name , but it 's a detailed description of the history and origins of the sport , also published under the name of its in-universe author . 
  ninja edit : it 's called quidditch through the ages . 
  yay google . 
  i think they could have comfortably made 2 movies out of the hobbit + appendices , but to me one of the biggest problems with the films was how stretched thin they were . 
  every film had at least one major action scene that just felt like it went on way , * way * too long . 
  escaping from the goblin cave , the barrel scene ( which was both too long and should n't have been changed so dramatically from the book ) , the gold melting scene , etc. , could have each been cut down to a third of their length and it would have made the movies ' pacing much better . 
  two movies would have been easy . 
  the hobbit on its own could probably comfortably fill out a film and a half -- it 's a super densely packed book , after all , compared to the lord of the rings which is filled with pages of description and poetry . 
  add to that the background stuff with the white council and the necromancer and you 've got two films . 
  maybe three quite short ones . 
  but i do n't think they adequately justified the three mega-length films they ended up with . 
  i do n't want anyone to make a film out of avatar . 
  the story is * already * in an audio-visual format , making a live action film out of it can only lead to a worse product . 
  it 's not like taking something from a book or comics , where the previous format is entirely different and you open up a completely new audience . 
  trying to make a movie out of avatar is like trying to make a movie out of game of thrones . 
  it * already * exists on television , why would you bother ? 
  on the other hand , if they were to make a movie set somewhere else in the avatar timeline , that could be really cool . 
  something with more detail about wan 's life , or kyoshi 's , or the next earthbender avatar . 
  or even a film whose protagonist is not the avatar at all . 
  possibly set during the 100 year war in the earth kingdom . 
  [ monster slayers ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/monsterslayers ) !, 
  it 's a really basic d&d - like game available for free from wizards of the coast , designed especially for children . 
  it 's designed for a generic fantasy setting , but with child-appropriate stories and quests . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  no , that 's definitely not it .
