   they tend to either double major/dual degree, 
  i was about to say nope , not me . 
  but then i read on . 
  yep , that 's me ... sigh . 
  you 're creepily smart and it scares me . 
  but yeah , i 'm interested in the arts ( specifically music and/or post production ) as well as software engineering , and i 've applied to do the latter only . 
  not-so-ninja edit : oh , and the job prospects are totally the reason i 'm going the way i 'm going , too . 
  of my compositions that i 've already put somewhere online , [ this piece for orchestra ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfvcnlsco4o ) is my favourite . 
  i 've got better more recent pieces , but i have n't got around to exporting them and putting them online just yet . 
  sorry for the bad audio quality of this , it 's exported straight from sibelius 5 . 
  damn . 
  this is amazing . 
  reminds me of adagio for strings , it 's that sort of quality i think . 
  awesome quality recording , too . 
  haha love that rag !, 
  shame about the amount of sustain in sibelius 's sound set here , i think , but it 's still awesome . 
  i love wanderer , too . 
  really great piece . 
  again , shame about the sounds . 
  by the way , cool username , although i personally do n't like tierce de picardies very much, 
  i assume you 've tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it ? 
  how about reinstalling chrome itself ? 
  in addition to the great detailed answers given already , might i recommend reading `` counterpoint '' by walter piston , and `` counterpoint '' by kent kennan . 
  two books about counterpoint in general , but it 's a feature of baroque music , including fugues , that is worth learning by itself on the way to writing a fugue . 
  that was a great episode !, 
  thanks !, 
  haha yeah , i hope it 's just the sibelius sounds . 
  digital sounds definitely can give that kind of an effect , and sibelius 5 did n't have as good sounds as 6 or 7 , and even those are n't as good as something like logic . 
  i 'm glad you liked it , though !, 
  when you add the tag , there one of the options ( along with `` tag '' and setting the colour ) is `` link '' . 
  just add that in there . 
  any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic . 
  clarke 's third law, 
  it seems bizarre that it is n't working for you i have to say . 
  and even those could be circumvented by using proxies . 
  i do it just because seeing the mistake genuinely annoys me . 
  that said , most of the time i * do n't * do it . 
  yeah i agree completely . 
  when i correct people about their grammar i always try to be nice about it , because that 's what i would want . 
  i want to be corrected , but at the same time i can understand why some people would be annoyed if it was done rudely . 
  the only excuse for it is when one has limited characters , like on twitter . 
  personally , i rarely do it even there . 
  i usually remove spaces and stuff first if i need to squeeze in a few more characters . 
  i would n't say `` the word fewer is totally pointless and anachronistic '' . 
  it 's a completely valid word if one wants to use it . 
  what i would say is that * insisting * on others using it is pointless . 
  not that i know of , but it should be !, 
  apart from youtube i have absolutely zero problems with anything google does . 
  in fact , google is easily my favourite tech company . 
  youtube , however , is a completely different beast . 
  the way they treat their users is just horrible . 
  they just assume everyone is out to pirate content , and give fraudulent `` copyright holders '' the power to take down or put ads against things that they have no right to . 
  there were problems recently at the nasa launch of curiosity , classical musicians are always getting pinged by publishing rights collecting societies who claim to own the copyright of public domain music , and they have little-to-no interest in upholding fair use . 
  yeah , i have no problem with a monopoly if they continue to provide the great service that * got them that monopoly in the first place * . 
  there 's always a risk that if they become too powerful and their competition slacks off , that they will then be able to slack off too , but at the moment that does n't seem likely with other companies constantly innovating to keep up . 
  the problem is the only options if you want a good email service come from large corporations . 
  same with phones , google , microsoft , apple . 
  not that i have a problem with them , i 'm just playing devil 's advocate . 
  what amazes me is how the germans ( as well as other europeans ) are ok with this . 
  the government is forcing these sites to not provide really useful features that can easily be opted out of ( do n't use facebook , for example , but also i believe you can turn off facebook 's ability to facial recognise you ) for the sake of some ridiculous notion of privacy . 
  people seem to love irrationally hating just about anyone . 
  reddit loves irrational hatred of apple . 
  many people ( including a lot in this thread ) have irrational hatred of google . 
  it just seems to be the way of things . 
  oh do n't give us that bull . 
  wikipedia is as reliable a source as any to be found online . 
  i 'll give you that yahoo answers is a terrible place to go for reliability , though . 
  we 're not writing in-depth studies here . 
  wikipedia is more than adequate for anything that 's just a personal interest . 
  the problem as i see it is most people wo n't use anything other than the default , so to me it makes sense to make the default the option that provides the most utility to the user . 
  users that care about privacy should be going through every setting they can before using the product to make sure they know what they 're getting . 
  to be honest , i wish * everyone * would do this , but it 's particularly important for people with special interests . 
   because the editors that have more wikipedia street cred get more say than the editors that are actually professionals in the field, 
  that 's not how wikipedia works . 
  wikipedia want verifiability , and not specifically truth . 
  it does n't matter if you 're an expert , you ca n't do research yourself and out it on wikipedia . 
  to be valid wikipedia content you need a third-party source , such as a book published by an expert . 
  i 'm not arguing that . 
  the only thing i 'm arguing is this guy dismissing wikipedia as a valid source entirely . 
  you made a valid criticism of the guy you replied to , in a debate i refuse to take a side in . 
  without further looking into it i do n't know how accurate your claims are , if you may be missing some key details etc. 
  however , assuming your statement is entirely correct , that is definitely a problem -- one that is somewhat inherent in the wiki system . 
  the only way to fix it is for people to spend the time to fight it out in the discussion pages . 
  any excuses for why they ca n't do this are irrelevant to the functioning of the page , unfortunately . 
  pray tell me what makes you think they deserve it any more than the other two . 
  you 're absolutely right about the phones , but there 's a reason i used the word `` good '' email . 
  absolutely right about the phones , my bad . 
  but i specifically used the qualifier `` good '' email . 
  i 'm not sure i even understand your second paragraph . 
  i do n't have any of the problems with privacy that everyone else here seems to , so i 'm happy to use these services . 
  very true . 
  i do n't have any problems with privacy in the way everyone else here seems to . 
  i have to say i do n't really even understand it . 
  up until recently their system was aside from dmca . 
  the more recet changes seems to mean that if something is detected the copyright holder gets to take it down or put ads on it , and only if the uploader disputes it does the supposed copyright holder have to file dmca . 
  it 's also unclear whether this means they will even continue to have the option to put ads on it rather than take it down entirely if the uploader disputes it . 
  not to mention that their system detects public domain content like classical music ( not recent recordings of it but the music itself ) and the nasa launch . 
  their detection system should n't even have the footprint for those . 
  yeah i 've seen that , and made a few comments questioning what it will actually mean . 
  if you see the official youtube blog ( there were two that i follow which did this , i think the creator blog was the one that got the most attention ) post about this you 'll see google has n't answered me ( look for the picture playong a saxophone ) or the others sceptical about this .
