  but anyway , this is n't something i feel too strongly about really . 
  i 'll never use parenthesis to refer to brackets , but i also do n't get angry or upset when i see others do it . 
  on the other hand , braces on their own line are infuriating . 
  they look ugly , they waste space , and they make code harder to follow . 
  there 's just something so beautiful and elegant about egyptian braces that i ca n't understand why anyone argues against them . 
  yeah i was disappointed that the undying patron did n't get any invocations . 
  just . 
  fuck the al. 
  it 's dragging the entire fucking game down , because wizards of the coast ca n't be bothered to cut it loose and let the actual game that the vast majority of people play develop as its own thing , and instead wants the entire game 's design to be based around a load of deadweight . 
  oh , and thanks for the link . 
  yeah , i did miss it . 
  i was gon na wait until next week for the survey . 
  just filled it out . 
  essentially said the same thing as what i said in my other comment here , only with less swearing . 
  go move to the states , if you like shit quality banknotes . 
  i think you may be confusing coal with oil . 
  oil supplies & mdash ; or at least the ones that are comparatively easy to get at & mdash ; are likely to run out much sooner than coal ones . 
  i like that undying is n't being left out in the cold , but i wish it was n't being achieved by fucking over the balance and flavour of everything . 
  the * correct * response to this would be for them to recognise that al has stupid restrictions , and design the game for real players , not just those limited by al. 
  i hate him for the insufferable singing . 
  i 'm sorry , but if you ca n't shut up long enough to make a damn recording you should n't be a recording artist . 
  stick to the stage if you really ca n't stop singing all through your performance . 
  i 'd have thought du pr\u00e9 would be on a similar level to yo yo ma . 
  well-known enough that she does n't deserve bonus points . 
  i 'm so glad my clarinet fits under the seat in front of me !, 
  anyway , no du pr\u00e9 ? 
  also i was half expecting `` someone non-jokingly addresses my cello as if it were a person '' . 
  here 's one for you . 
  who 's your favourite composer ? 
  favourite concerto/sonata ? 
  you say `` bad '' , i say ** sacre ** d. 
  of course , remember that with at 5/wizard 2 , you can still only learn first level spells through either class , even though you have access to second level spell slots . 
  the spell points variant does n't change that . 
  the maximum spell level you can * cast * is level 2 , but you can only * learn * 1st level spells . 
  you can still upcast , though . 
   i ca n't even access my modqueue, 
  really ? 
  my mod toolbar is still working fine . 
  everything else is fucked : ca n't get to modmail or reddit inbox through the usual buttons at the top of the screen . 
  and not even a way to * turn off * the css . 
  but that one specific thing still works fine . 
  i have n't actually played on a 10 ' grid , so i do n't know how well this would work , but i might try using a musical staff method . 
  that is , use both the lines and spaces . 
  a movement of 5 feet is from in the centre of one grid to being on the line between two , or vice versa . 
  that 's my response when ios users can connect neither through push button wps nor through my little nfc tag that automatically connects android users . 
  it 's right in the os . 
  super slick , required zero effort for the user connecting , and only a small amount of one-time set up for me to create the tag . 
  i do n't think an encounter should ever come close to murdering the players . 
  that 's the mark not just of a bad dm , but of a bad human being . 
  even if they do always squeeze out alive . 
  i 'm kinda the opposite . 
  i * do n't * watch critical role ( in fact i struggle to understand why people do ) , but i 'm vaguely interested in getting this just because i like reading about different campaign settings to mine them for inspiration . 
  not to use the setting itself , but to take ideas from to incorporate into my own world . 
  i 've got scag and volo 's despite not playing in faer\u00fbn . 
  i might look in to getting a copy of this despite not playing in his setting . 
  not 100 % sure yet , but i 'm at least considering it . 
  you missed monk . 
  ftfy . 
  markdown converts any number followed by a full stop into a numbered list starting at 1 , unless you escape it by putting a backslash before the full stop . 
  i ca n't get into it either , but i know for a fact that i would be able to get into it more easily than ai . 
  i just really do n't understand the appeal of * not * taking it seriously . 
  i want to be able to get into the characters ' heads and understand what they 're thinking . 
  for me , i mostly just do n't understand the appeal of watching someone else play d&d at all . 
  it just seems like watching a tv show or movie , but with worse effects and mechanics that interrupt the flow of the story . 
  i do n't watch either show , but from everything i 've heard , cr sounds much more similar in tone to my game than ai . 
  who want to okay an rpg -- a genre based around getting inside the head of another character that you 're pretending is a real living person with real motivations , living in a world that is to them entirely real -- and * not * play that seriously ? 
  sure there 'll be funny moments , and you can run entire adventures that are light hearted within that , but to not try to take it seriously seeks like a waste of the genre . 
  i 'm not a cr fan . 
  i just find this other guy 's comments infuriating because he 's insinuating that serious games are n't the real way to play d&d . fuck that shit . 
  i dunno about crawford , but he got in touch with some of the critics from / r/boh5e for advice on refining some of his stuff . 
  wi-fi and those yellow tracks for blind people to walk along are the first that come to mind . 
  oh , and polymer banknotes !, 
  also dude , do n't try so hard . 
  just talk like a human . 
   no more `` tab suspended '' screen, 
  that 's enough for me to automatically * discard * it as an option . 
  i do n't want the tabs that i have n't used in ages reloading just because i ctrl-tabbed over it . 
  my 2012 macbook pro has an nvidea gpu . 
  geforce gt 650m , to be precise . 
  yup , and the 2012 mbp . 
  back before they ( frustratingly ) discontinued the 15 inch without retina . 
   this is probably a good time to look into some form of cloud backup software like icloud / google drive, 
  yeah , android phones ( or at least the good ones -- pixel and nexus -- do n't go in for any of that samsung crap ) back up to google photos automatically . 
  i could have sworn iphones backed up to icloud automatically by default . 
  at the very least , i 'm pretty sure they have the option to do that . 
  also find my iphone is a thing . 
   who the fuck steals a 5c, 
  i mean , surely you do n't know what you 're stealing before you 've stolen it ? 
  like , if it was in some guy 's pocket , or even in his hands , you do n't have a very close look at it . 
   but they do have some control of it according to the phb, 
  no they do n't . 
  their tails act of their own volition . 
  it 's a subconscious marker of emotion or mood , not something that they control . 
  and it 's certainly not * prehensile * , in the sense that it 's something that 's able to grab on to things tightly enough to move them about . 
  this is supported both by the player 's handbook and official novels like the brimstone angels series . 
  have you got a teacher yet ? 
  that should be your first priority . 
  only a teacher -- a * person * sitting there in the room with you -- can see how you 're playing , what flaws you have , and give advice on how to improve . 
  a teacher will also be more useful than random strangers on the internet at giving advice to questions like this one . 
  we 've still got it better , relatively speaking , than a lot of places .
