  it makes the choices of disciplines more meaningful , adds the flavour of psionics working through heavy focus more evident , and it allows the better mechanics for things like mind thrust to remain . 
  the only change in this release over the previous one that i would consider * positive * is that the talents were spun off as a separate section , rather than mind thrust being an archetype feature , along with other archetype features in the other archetypes . 
   the feature which rewards you for using disciplines associated with your order . 
  its mystical recovery, 
  haha yeah , someone else pointed out mystical recovery for me already . 
  it 's a nice start , but i do think perhaps there should be something within each of the disciplines that benefits if it is related to your chosen order . 
  my nexus 4 is still going great . 
  i would n't even be considering upgrading yet if it were n't for the fact that google decided not to support the n4 any longer with marshmallow . 
  i thought there were going to be questions about the nature of the head mod etc. 
  what happened to that ? 
  did you decide to just give up on the ridiculous notion of the head mod being able to see in to private party subreddits ? 
  i never said anything about it because the last time it was brought up , the word was we would put it in the survey . 
  to have unilaterally decided that you * would n't * do that after all is extremely undemocratic and dishonest . 
   app that can charge iphone and android, 
  maybe read the post a little more carefully next time ? 
  actually , in classical music , it 's not uncommon for one `` track '' to be a single movement of a piece , rather than `` one song or piece of music '' . 
   `` song '' has simply adopted a new meaning within the world of popular music, 
  has it , though ? 
  the vast majority -- if not the totallity -- of popular music * is * songs . 
   i detest when people complain about stuff without actually suggesting either solutions to and/or reasons behind the problem . 
  but that 's just personal preference, 
  that is * not * personal preference , and if you are truly so lost that you believe it is , well , there 's very little point in continuing this line of conversation . 
  to put in my final word on the matter , at no point in history has it been a requirement that one offer up an alternative solution in order to point out the flaws in something . 
  it 's never been the accepted way of things , and it * should n't * be the way things are done , because it 's perfectly possible and entirely reasonable to see that something has problems without necessarily knowing how to fix them yourself . 
  if you ca n't see that , then , well , i 'm sorry for you . 
  but yeah , as you level up there would need to be the ability to focus on a few disciplines at once . 
  not an enormous amount , maybe increasing by one at each of the normal cantrip scaling levels . 
  if the amount was limited enough , i do n't think there would be * too * much need to restrict the focussing effects of each discipline . 
  perhaps some of them would just need to be toned down so as not to become too powerful when you have a bunch of them . 
  are you referring to the idea that it starts at 1d4 , then scales by increasing damage die type , with psi points increasing the number of dice ? 
  if so , eh ... 
  i like the theory , but when you think about it a little more , all it does is leave the psion way , * way * underpowered . 
  it means that at level 1 , the `` standard '' output is only 1d4 . 
  at level 11 , your default attack finally catches up to what it would have been anyway , at 1d8 , by which time everyone else is pumping out 3d10 . 
  the simplest and best way to do it is to have it at 1d8 and allow spending of psi points . 
  let the class be substantially weaker once it runs out of points , but give it a large enough pool that it can keep going for a long time at roughly the same output as wizards . 
  the other thing that i 've just thought of that 's sorely missing is some serious form of control . 
  the 4e psion mostly focussed on debuffs , and i 'm not seeing any of that here . 
  no abilities that give enemies disadvantage on attack rolls until the start of your next turn , or even that impose a -1 or -2 , or - int . 
  the charm-like effects are nice , but what 's the point of attacking an enemy 's mind if it does n't cause some serious penalties ? 
  especially with the main damage dealing effects only being 1d6 and 1d8 , i want to see some proper effects added on ... actually , perhaps that could be how it scales . 
  mind thrust is 1d8 + 1d8/psi point , but at level 5 in imposes a penalty to attack on the enemy , if it hits , until the start of your next turn , of -1 . 
  at level 11 that increases to -2 , etc. 
  or maybe it starts at -1 and goes up to -2 , then -3 , at 5 and 11 respectively . 
  alternatively , maybe the damage * does * scale the way a cantrip does , and psi points could increase the effectiveness of the penalty ( obviously not on a one-to-one basis , that would be too powerful ) . 
  and other effects as part of disciplines , or maybe as talents ( either works really ) , that do things like cause fear , cause enemies to `` forget '' you ( memory hole ) , etc. 
  there 's a general lack of abilities with a strong psionic/telepathic feel to them . 
   the increasingly intricate love tetrahedron has got to go, 
  i disagree . 
  i wo n't be satisfied until it 's a love dodecagon !, 
  huh ? 
  this show is a documentary . 
  a docedahedron is a d12 , love gets represented in 2d ( probably because of how shallow love sideplots tend to be ... ) . 
  you 're the only one that used the word `` shitty '' . 
  there 's a subtle difference between a cleric gaining power by simply praying to a god and upholding their virtues , and directly forming a pact in a one-on-one manner . 
  there 's also the possibility to form a pact with a lesser celestial than a god . 
  for example , a planetar or solar could be a patron . 
  i really like this . 
  each of the abilities feels thematically similar to the ones given by the existing patrons . 
  everything seems fairly well balanced , with some nice flavour in addition to the mechanics . 
  / u/krispykremeguy already pointed out the problems with wording , particularly with astral step and divine judgement . 
  but the abilities themselves are all great . 
  i like the flavour of both the extra familiars , but i ca n't help but think that they seem a little too strong . 
  as far as i can tell , the lantern archon is strictly better than the quasit , for example . 
  oh man , this is so good . 
  i hate when people seem to somehow take the idea that prescriptivism and descriptivism are at odds with one another . 
  here 's a hint , badlinguistics , * they are n't * . 
  descriptivism is great . 
  it 's important . 
  it 's about describing how words get used , why they get used that way , and comparing these things between different cultures and languages . 
  prescribing is describing how a language is * supposed * to be used . 
  what is * accepted * as the correct usage . 
  no matter how many times you describe someone pronouncing `` espresso '' as `` expresso '' , it does n't make that any less incorrect . 
  no matter how many times someone mishears `` could n't care less '' and repeats it as `` could care less '' , it does n't change the fact that that is stupid and makes no sense . 
  and so you can very easily describe the fact that people use words in one way , while simultaneously pointing out places where this usage is dumb and should be changed . 
  ah yes , that 's not a bad idea at all . 
  in fact , i quite like it . 
  i must have been thinking of someone else 's suggestion as the one i was n't a fan of . 
  i have n't heard gould 's performance of it , but i 'm a huge fan of faster recordings of that movement , ever since i saw [ this lecture about the piece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw_dv_gnqao ) which claims ( with some very strong evidence ) that a faster performance is how beethoven would have intended it . 
  edit : [ i found a streaming recording of it ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x27mjyc_l-v-beethoven-moonlight-sonata-in-c-minor-glenn-gould_music ) . 
  love this recording so far ( only a couple of minutes into it at the moment ) . 
  i started it shortly after the listening to the first few bars of schiff playing it in the above video , and it amazed me just how similar the two are in their tempi . 
  it could have almost been the same recording . 
  second edit : not so much a fan of the way he seems to arpeggiate some of his chords though, 
   even if they are n't very good at showing it with a simple click of the up-arrow, 
  actually , because so seems to think it 's a good idea not to allow people to vote unless they 've whored themselves out on the platform enough that the system rewards them with that capability . 
  so if you 're the average normal user of the site and you come across a great answer that 's been downvoted or has a low score , there 's nothing you can do . 
  i 'm not sure the * tempo * of sonata no . 
  14 is affected by this , but there 's something else in that sonata that definitely is . 
  the pedalling . 
  beethoven notes that the pedal should be left down throughout the movement . 
  but on a modern piano , if you slam your foot down on the pedal at the start and just leave it down throughout , it gets too muddled . 
  for the same reason as you described -- pianos in beethoven 's day had nowhere near the same amount of sustain that modern ones do . 
  holding the pedal down the whole way when the notes sustain for almost half a minute , as opposed to a few seconds , without ever dampening anything or `` resetting '' things , as it were , just does n't work . 
  schiff suggests holding the pedal down halfway throughout instead , and my experience has been that this works pretty nicely . 
  unfortunately for me , most of the time [ when i play it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80zmsda5q8q ) , i 'm on an electronic piano , so that 's not an option for me , but it does work very nicely when i get the chance to play it on the real thing . 
  incidentally , this is not just limited to piano music . 
  beethoven [ has been criticised ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouyy1gv8jhu ) ( by no less than leonard bernstein ) for his orchestral writing , having passages that are poorly balanced in terms of timbre . 
  but , at least in the instance that bernstein pointed out , it 's because trumpets in his day were far less bright than they are today , as [ this response points out rather superbly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjct5m8jzl4 ) , and on period instruments the problem goes away without any effort . 
  haha indeed , that was an absolutely incredible comment .
