  their core ability ( divine smite ) is n't a spell , despite using a spell slot , and then they have a heap of spells ( all the different `` smite '' spells ) very similar to that core ability which * are * spells , but are completely unique to the paladin such that they might as well not be . 
  it 's actually something i think would have helped the ranger a great deal . 
  use that same technique of having a core class ability ( hunter 's mark ) , and then have a bunch of spells that provide different variations on that basic idea of `` marking '' . 
   magic ( while spell slots are amazing ) should have an alternate system to reflect other kinds of ways to think magic, 
  you mean like the spell points system that 's already available as a variant rule ? 
   social and exploration pillars of the game lack rules support to make them defining game elements, 
  this is a positive , not a negative . 
  it means you 're not stuck searching for some obscure rule to cover a specific situation . 
  instead , the dm just rules whatever makes sense . 
   magic overnerfed . 
  concentration, 
  i would definitely like there to be some way of gaining extra concentration , maybe via some type of feat or something . 
  but concentration is a * crucial * part of the game 's balance . 
  it keeps the game making sense . 
  3 . x has the problem of quadratic wizards , linear fighters , to such a crazy degree , in part because of the * lack * of these concentration rules . 
   legendary saves, 
  these are a great option for dms because it prevents trivialising what was meant to be a really cool , epic encounter as a result of one bad save . 
   so many less spells per level, 
  this is because of cantrips now making casters no longer useless once they use up all their spells . 
   spells not scaling by caster level, 
  another important part of the balance of the game . 
  cantrips do scale with level , though . 
   debuffs allowing saves every round, 
  prevents `` save or suck/die '' spells , which are lame . 
   martials buffed, 
  again , this is important to keeping the game balanced . 
   rocket tag issue, 
  i 'm not familiar with this . 
  could you explain it ? 
   i 'd personally prefer a classless system, 
  d&d is never going to be that . 
  there 's certainly a place for such a system , but it 's not d&d . 
   lucky and disadvantage , life cleric good berries , moon druids , weapon feats over centralizing character concepts, 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you mean with any of these . 
  i agree with pretty much all your other points . 
  an even uglier ( or more beautiful , depending on one 's perspective ) combination is tunnel fighter + polearm master + an ally with eldritch blast & repelling blast . 
  the forced movement out of range obviously does n't trigger an oa , but when the enemy 's turn comes around again , they now have to move back into range to attack . 
  but oops , that now triggers another oa . 
  part of the problem with lingering injuries is that there are n't any decent ways to implement them presented . 
  pretty much the only options are to take one if you get knocked down to that `` dying in the next few seconds '' state . 
  tunnel fighter is n't even strictly necessary for the polearm master -- repelling blast combo , it just makes it a tiny bit more potent . 
  the important part is that an enemy has to move into range of the fighter to attack , which triggers their oa , which they would normally not get to use most of the time . 
  umm ... we are still talking about java here right ? 
  you know , the language mainly marketed for its cross-platform compatibility ? 
  any of the three should be absolutely fine . 
  if this were a c course , i 'd agree with you . 
  linux and os x are perfect , please avoid windows like the plague . 
  but it 's not c , it 's java . 
  yeah , it 's not exactly hard to find . 
  it 's in the sidebar of finder by default , you can get it with cmd-shift-a , or you can manually navigate to ` / applications ` . 
  one of the easiest folders to navigate to . 
  weirdest most pointless spam ever . 
  seriously , how does spam work when there 's no links ? 
  why bother ? 
  but why ? 
  why would some random bot be posting stuff in korean that does n't even link anywhere ? 
  what can they possibly gain from it ? 
  to the mods , please check out / r/fightspam for some techniques to help fight this spam and prevent it from occurring in the future . 
  i 've found some of its techniques to be extremely helpful in the subreddit i mod . 
  ah right , yeah , i must admit super advantage is a bit of a weird ruling . 
  but it 's easy enough to do away with . 
  the goodberies thing has been explicitly ruled on by sage advice , i 'm pretty sure . 
  i 've noticed moon druids are pretty tough early on , since they can get an enormous amount of hp for such a low level . 
  if they go crazy at level 18 , i 'm not sure that really matters too much , because as you say , i just do n't care too much at those super high levels . 
  thanks for explaining rocket tag . 
  i have to admit , i 've not played past lower-middling levels yet , so i ca n't comment much from experience . 
  regarding concentration , i would n't mind a feat that allows you to concentrate on two spells at once , but doing so makes any saves to maintain concentration at disadvantage , or something like that . 
  i do n't think that would be too terrible . 
   congress has ways of shutting down an executive order if they really want to, 
  only if it 's a legitimate executive order . 
  your upvote looks like it might be ill . 
  seriously . 
  i 'm not even american and i coulda told you this shit . 
   does n't need a housecleaning , it needs overhauling and reforming, 
  is that not how one is supposed to clean their house ? 
  damn , i 've been doing it wrong all these years ... 
  and then move on to electoral system reform . 
  at * least * av , preferably something more like stv . 
  and a truly independent body that draws electorates . 
   i 'd wan na be standing back and whackin ' ` im off from a distance . 
  aww mate , that 's golden . 
  edit : but seriously , what is it with aussie morning shows that causes them to so frequently be worthy of sharing worldwide like this ? 
   what , the one dennis lillee used ? 
  lillee was an australian cricketer . 
  the reference here is to an [ incident with an aluminium bat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dennis_lillee#aluminium_bat_incident ) . 
  at the time , using such a bat was not against the laws of the game . 
  [ video of the event ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pak_0l3rhc ) . 
  unfortunately though , the only practical way to get a different voting system is to get it through congress , and they would never do that on account of it meaning their seats would be far less secure . 
  i do n't know if i 'd give it full cover , since full cover allows one to attempt to `` hide '' , and the lightfoot halfling has a specific feature that allows them to hide when behind a medium creature . 
  allowing full cover for a small creature behind a medium creature would negate that special ability . 
  and yeah , i do wish we used those rules , but the rest of the group does n't seem such a fan . 
  i 'll probably try and reintroduce it next time i dm ( we tend to rotate after each ~ 6 month campaign ) . 
  but it 's not a huge deal to me , really . 
  hahaha nah mate , today is a national morning show . 
  it 's a breakfast tv programme though , and those do have a tendency to be rather loose . 
  my main question was , though , why australian ones ? 
  i see channel 9 's today come up frequently , and occasionally channel 7 's sunrise . 
  i do n't think i 've * ever * seen a similarly large amount of attention paid internationally to breakfast tv shows from the uk or us . 
  yeah , the mcu is just such a brilliant concept , and it 's been marvelously ( heh ) executed . 
  we 've obviously only had a single movie in dc 's shared universe , but i 'm really disappointed with the approach they 're taking with it , and even in its own right , i have low hopes for it .
