  but the tunnels and shit are bad environmentally * and * nobody uses them , and more people using them would n't be much of a gain . 
  i read it as commonwealth bank of australia , and was just confused . 
  i 'm still confused . 
  what does it stand for in this context ? 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
   never underestimate ~ ~ reddit 's ~ ~ anyone 's propensity to ~ ~ miss sarcasm and ~ ~ blindly believe ~ ~ highly upvoted comments ~ ~ anything they see ~ ~ on the internet ~ ~ . 
  you should check again , if it 's the same humble bundle i got it from , you should have 3 as well . 
   like the `` others '' . 
  only if you 're in america . 
  no where else do people switch their hands constantly . 
  knife in dominant hand , fork in weaker hand . 
  that 's the etiquette elsewhere . 
  but you 're right , if two people are using the same hands , then they should n't be bumping elbows unless the seating is way too tight . 
  i 'm sure there are things that could be done to make it better for motorists , but if you compare that to being someone who wants to ride a bike or take public transport ( which was clearly the point of my comment ) , then yeah , it 's owned by motorists . 
  lunch in my school was 40 or 50 minutes , and that gave plenty of time to eat and then go do stuff . 
  i feel like that was the exact right length . 
  any longer and it 'd lose its benefit , i think . 
  we also had a 20 minute break earlier in the day . 
  lots of people would be outside playing a game of soccer or what have you in both those breaks . 
  pe class ( no such thing as `` gym class '' outside the us ) was generally structured . 
  the pe teacher picks a sport ( usually will do one sport for 3 or 4 weeks before moving onto another one ) and you basically do a warm up , learn some of the basic skills of that sport , and usually end the class by having a game/match or two . 
  i had `` pshe '' or personal , social , and health education , and we learnt a whole heap of things . 
  from some really basic sex ed , to `` do n't do drugs '' , as well as study techniques etc. 
  it had the structure of a pretty good all round class , but the specific topics were usually taught really poorly . 
  i 'd argue han solo is a more well-known example . 
  and i think you could argue that snape fits the role , too . 
  i 've never heard anything else used before now . 
  apart from perhaps something specifically related to teaching driving ( and let 's face it , that would be a very good thing ) , i do n't think the government should be doing that kind of stuff . 
  certainly , though , if someone wants to buy some land and build a place for motoring enthusiasts to do their thing -- away from residential areas and other areas where people are going to be annoyed by the noise -- then they should be allowed to , and the government should n't get in their way . 
   and would vote them in again, 
  if you 're in griffith , technically you * did n't * vote them in , since your electorate put rudd back in . 
  by the way , i have n't been following it for a while , what 's the deal with it now that rudd 's retiring ? 
  when 's the bi-election ? 
  ( i assume there 's going to be one . ), 
  edit : while i 'm at it , since you did n't like rudd , but you seem to prefer most of labor 's policies , why not vote for labor in the bi-election , since rudd wo n't be running ? 
  and have you considered third parties like the greens ? 
  i understand ascii , i just choose to think of it as 64 ( or 96 ) is the marker for a standard alphabetic letter , added to a = 1 etc. , rather than actually thinking of a = 65 . 
  it makes more sense that way . 
  i love that you did n't fall into the trap of saying `` begs the question '' . 
  but i agree , kids should leave uni fully capable of using current technology in their field . 
  but at the same time , being able to do things without the technology is an important skill to learn the theory and the underlying method for how stuff works . 
  the exams for my two first year maths courses ( one in calculus and linear algebra , the other on multivariate calculus ) were both no calculators . 
  coursework assignments were a large part of the course , though , and for that there 's no real restriction . 
  wolfram alpha was a regular tool for those . 
  i think a good balance is best . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i thought the point was to take control of the money supply away from governments/single entities, 
  either word works . 
  one is consisted bad etiquette in europe or australia , but it 's perfectly fine in america . 
  there 's nothing absolutist or intrinsic about etiquette . 
  honestly i find a lot of etiquette rather arbitrary and do n't usually go out of my way to follow it . 
  satie 's gnossiennes !, 
  i quite like no . 
  4 in e minor , too . 
  02:00 utc , for anyone outside the us . 
   it might be an upcoming feature , check trello . 
  and if it 's not , why not add it as a suggestion ? 
  for me it 's the ebay song . 
  was the first weird al song i heard , and i did n't realise it was even a parody of a real song at the time , just thought it was a clever work of its own . 
  also ( because doubtless there 's a significant overlap in target audience ) / r/patientgamers, 
  i was thinking a cross between todd and nicholas cage . 
  they do n't * require * it , it 's just that you need the extra time to learn the extra material . 
  if you can learn it outside of class , then that 's fine . 
  ( i 'm not actually sure about this , but i 'd be very surprised if the above is not true . ), 
  which bit of this is the easter egg ? 
   saint walker is an alien member of the galactic blue lantern corps, 
  i 'm guessing that 's the pertinent part ? 
  man , what is it with people in this show cutting off the last letters of their names ? 
  sara , shado ... it 's weird . 
  it 's nearly always available on thepiratebay within a few hours ( if not minutes ) of the episode airing . 
  i was really disappointed when i watched the ending , but i 've come to terms with it . 
  in hindsight , it was actually not a bad ending . 
  they wrapped up most of the plot . 
  if you stopped it two minutes earlier it would 've been a great ending . 
  that last scene just provides a nice hook , so that a ) it gave them something to work with when trying to get one more season , but more importantly b ) it gives you a sense that in-universe , it 's still going on . 
  it does n't feel like every problem has been solved , and the world is safe , which is honestly an unrealistic way to end . 
  wikibot what is artificial intelligence ? 
  yeah , my bed time was 8 at that age ( australian ) . 
  no you 're mistaking what his point was . 
  / u/turncoat _ ewok said `` 26 hour days '' forgetting the overlap . 
  / u/rednys pointed out that even if you forget the overlap , it should be 25 hours , not 26 . 
  thus / u/turncoat _ ewok 's maths was bad . 
  and then the rest of it was pointing out that the airforce says you ca n't have more than 12 hours without a special case , anyway . 
  holy shit . 
  your high school had 2000 students ? 
  holy shit . 
  i 'm pretty sure that that 's bigger than my entire high school . 
  my year had 52 students , although the school 's growing really fast ( just a few years earlier year 13 had like 4 people in it ) . 
  the year i graduated , the 7 class that just entered high school was probably over 100 . 
   institutions must be less cautious and skeptical about innovation that 's not explicitly sanctioned, 
  have to say , my university ( one of the top in australia ) does this * really * well . 
  there 's a student-made site designed to help students plan out their timetable . 
  the staff actually told us about it and said we should use it . 
   a lot of ~ ~ professors ~ ~ people just ca n't handle even constructive criticism, 
  ftfy, 
  i really see what you 're saying . 
  i like it , but i can really see how his style would get annoying . 
  heck , if his content was n't so damn amazing , i probably would n't watch him either . 
  if you use the [ political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) it is . 
  right wing means `` strongly in favour of free market economics '' while left wing is `` strongly in favour of government regulation in the economy '' .
