  thee requirement of a helmet is one of the things that 's caused the brisbane velib system ( i do n't know its official name , so i 'm using the paris one ) to fail -- the other being how hilly it is . 
  unless you either include a helmet with * every * bike , or remove the helmet requirement , the system is doomed to fail . 
  except he did n't . 
  he wrote the [ bit in the square brackets ] , but he never showed ( any normal brackets with * any * url to link to ) . 
  those can be difficult to come across , but here 's the abstract from the one he posted :, 
   abstract, 
  fluoride occurs naturally in soil , water , plants and animals in trace quantities . 
  when fluoride is ingested , some is taken up by body tissues , with long-term deposition in teeth and bones . 
  following the demonstration of a significant reduction in dental caries in childhood within populations exposed to higher levels of fluoride in drinking water , between 1964 and 1975 several local authority water fluoridation schemes were introduced in england and wales , whereby the fluoride content was artificially increased to a level of 1 ppm ( 1 mg l \u2212 1 ) . 
  although evidence continues to support the premise that fluoride in water helps protect children 's teeth against caries , there are a number of potential adverse impacts , notably dental fluorosis ( mottling of teeth ) . 
  the situation is complicated by the fact that many individuals receive additional exposure to fluoride through the use of fluoride toothpaste , for example . 
  nonetheless , fluoridation of water continues to be generally regarded as a safe , simple and cost-effective public health measure to reach children most at risk and reduce the incidence of dental caries . 
   available evidence on risk of hip and other bone fractures suggests no effect of fluoride in water , although a small percentage change ( in either direction ) can not be ruled out . 
  there appears to be no link between water fluoridation and either cancer in general or any specific cancer type , but an updated analysis of uk data on fluoridation and cancer rates has nonetheless been recommended . 
  evidence for additional health outcomes suggested by some to be associated with fluoride ingestion , and on other concerns related to the chemicals that are added during the fluoridation process and indirect effects such as increased leaching of lead from pipes and aluminium from cooking utensils , is weak but the area deserves to be kept under review . 
  actually , unfortunately , the law * already * deals with exceptions . 
  [ sikhs are allowed to ride without helmets ] ( http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/queensland/bike-helmet-laws-will-change-to-allow-religious-exemptions-20130423-2ibaq.html ) . 
  ah , i see it now . 
  it did n't show up until i actually attempted to scroll . 
  cheers . 
  it 's still an exemption to a particular law . 
  besides , it 's not like sikhs have some religious vendetta against helmets . 
  just most helmets made wo n't fit over their turbans . 
  we do n't make exceptions for muslims who want to marry more than one woman , and i fail to see how this is particularly different . 
  i was reluctant to leave that muslim bit of my comment in , because you 've done exactly what i knew you would . 
  ignored the rest of it and only refuted that bit , which was a side-note anyway . 
  the important point is that we have a law in this country that bicyclists must wear helmets . 
  i happen to not particularly support that law , but that 's beside the point . 
  there 's no inherent reason a sikh could n't get a helmet designed that would fit over their turban . 
  and if it really is that bad , then perhaps they just should n't cycle . 
  you ca n't go around making exceptions to laws we have on religious grounds . 
  we are n't a religious state . 
  no , i made the comment to whine about unnecessary exceptions to an already unnecessary law . 
  personally i will always wear a helmet , and i think anyone who does n't is crazy . 
  but no , i do n't think it should be legally required . 
  i also do n't have a strong belief that the law requiring them should be repealed , i 'm kinda neutral on this issue . 
  studies have shown that requiring helmets reduce the number of people who ride , and that the negative health effects of a less active lifestyle are greater than the negative effect on society of the small number of accidents that take place . 
  no one got a link to the / r/videos thread ? 
  just so you know , \u2030 is `` per milli '' , so writing to `` milli % '' does n't really make sense . 
  millipercent ? 
  ah right . 
  it 's all good , i just felt i should point it out , because hey , learning 's always cool , right ? 
  ~ ~ this is / r/cmv . 
  by posting here it implies you may want to have your opinion changed in some way . 
  you clearly currently do n't like the way rape is treated in the media , so by posting that that is your current opinion here , / u/skull025 is correct in saying it would seem to imply you 're looking for people to argue that this portrayal is justified . ~ ~, 
  edited, 
  exactly . 
  this is presented as a true story . 
  an * actual * true story , not that bullshit like paranormal activity where they try to pretend it 's a true story but everyone * knows * it is n't . 
  and because you have reason to believe this is true , you can feel emotion from it far more . 
  that does n't address his two points :, 
  * why * notes are against the rules, 
  perhaps they should n't be since it could lead to greater accuracy . 
  economic right and social left is an awkward way of wording it . 
  the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) uses the term left and right for economics , and ` libertarian ' and ` authoritarian ' for social issues . 
  i find that terminology fits quite well . 
  it is n't at my uni . 
  they just recently got rid of it . 
  there was quite a large backlash against the move . 
  that 's his point . 
  he 's using the tilde to represent `` approximately '' . 
   links submitted should preferably be based on reporting of events and not around an author 's opinion . 
  the aim is the promotion of healthy discussion and analysis of news and current events happening within the political landscape in australia . 
  and, 
   the level of discourse here is to be at a more `` mature '' level and as previously mentioned analytical in nature so therefore hopefully being `` less opinionated '' in the process, 
  sure , this subreddit has the same labor/greens bias of / r/australia , but it does n't mean that immature posts like this one are appreciated . 
  now , if it had been the * newspaper * that put horns on abbott , then you 'd have a story . 
  it 's good to know the feeling is mutual . 
  i 'm absolutely terrified riding in traffic here in australia . 
  not because the drivers are driving dangerously or anything ( in fact , i 've always been pleasantly surprised at how accommodating most drivers are ) , but just because there 's always the chance that a driver might make a mistake , or even i myself might , and it only needs to happen once to lead to catastrophe . 
  somewhat counter-intuitively , i never felt anywhere near as worried riding my bike in saigon , where i lived until recently . 
   naw , let 's go on with assumptions !, 
  ironic , considering your own initial comment was nothing but an assumption about all cyclists based on a few bad experiences you 've had . 
  i do n't know about other places , but the rule in queensland is :, 
   ride as near as is safely possible to the far left side of the road -- on a multi-lane road or a road with two or more lines of traffic travelling in the same direction as you , you can occupy a lane and travel in the right hand lane when necessary, 
  so in single-lane areas , cyclists should be as far left as possible and should not take up the whole road . 
  however , sometimes the side of the road can be unsafe ( due to large amounts of stones/sticks/etc . 
  ) , which means the cyclist can move into the centre of the lane . 
  however , regarding side-by-side riders , here in qld at least that 's perfectly legal . 
  cyclists must :, 
   not ride more than two abreast unless overtaking, 
   ride within 1.5 m of the other rider if riding two abreast, 
  cars break the law regarding traffic lights * extremely * frequently . 
  perhaps they do n't know it , but they 're breaking the law . 
  the yellow light means `` stop if safe to do so '' . 
  it does not mean , `` quick , if you hurry up you can get through before it turns red '' , and yet virtually every driver is guilty of accelerating to make it through the light on a fairly regular basis . 
   driving to work takes me 20-30 minutes ** in traffic ** and cycling would take at least double that, 
  if you were cycling , you would n't have the problem of being caught in traffic . 
  if your route has heavy traffic , cycling could in fact be much faster . 
  hmm , curious . 
  in qld they explicitly state it 's legal at any age . 
  ( though , as / u/mansalans said , he was n't talking about the footpath thing ), 
  i was also 12 and have no recollection of it . 
  i 've always wondered what the term means , so if this is true it 's really interesting . 
  but like / u/jztrumpeter , i 'd be really interested in a source for this . 
  does n't matter . 
  if you 're in the `` new '' feed and downvote something it ( assuming others do , too ) it wo n't show up for the majority in the `` hot '' feed . 
  could you explain range voting and approval voting ? 
  i 'm not particularly familiar with them . 
  personally i 'd like to see our reps move to stv , with the number of electorates being quartered , but each electorate having four seats in parliament .
