  democracy is the worst form of government , except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . 
  does that list really have ` highest elevation above sea level ' and ` longest land border length ' as things that china is best in ? 
  yes , i was definitely kidding . 
  the only reason i might be serious is that it could be kinda funny to watch them go at it online , but from the perspective of someone actually interested in politics i 'd hate to see that . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a like-dislike bar on youtube quite that bad . 
  i say swah-dia , row-dok , ker-geet ( the a hard g ) . 
  link ? 
  i have n't seen that one . 
  i dunno , as an australian i 'm pretty sure i 've heard of this expression before i saw it in this show . 
  i think so . 
  i could be misremembering , though . 
  subtract seven and then double it . 
  man fuck that . 
  i 'm as anti-smoking as you 'll ever get , and i 'm * extremely * proud of my government 's laws regarding cigarettes ( plain packaging , ca n't advertise etc. ) . 
  however , e-cigarettes i am all for . 
  they do n't have the negative second-hand effects which are what make smoking a problem for other people , and i say if you wan na do it , then go the fuck ahead . 
  wherever you are . 
  my being on a computer makes no difference to your life . 
  smoking around me has health effects and makes me ( and others around me ) physically uncomfortable . 
  it 's actually free as of now , 22:50 est. 
  fly higher and you get something from god . 
  check the username , it 's a libertarian or ancap troll . 
  i 'm pretty sure by law all australian citizens can vote . 
  being overseas is a valid way out of compulsory voting , but unless you 've renounced citizenship or possibly done something funny like get dual citizenship ( i do n't know what happens then , though i would have thought you can still vote ) you should be able to vote . 
  this is n't new , he 's had them announced for a while now . 
  shame they 're not running in all states , i 've got none to vote for in queensland . 
  worked fine for me in chrome for mac . 
  probably woulda been clearer what you were going for had you said labor : 6 , coalition : a half dozen, 
  ah right . 
  `` 6 of one , a half dozen of the other '' is a fairly common saying in english for two things that are effectively the same . 
  18 and 20-2 has the same meaning mathematically , but does n't in english it is n't something people would usually say , so some may have been confused . 
  is it a common saying in german ( or whichever other language you speak , i assume german from your username ) . 
  just so you know , the apostrophe there is n't necessary . 
  * the 90s called, 
  works , although, 
  * the '90s called, 
  is even more correct , technically . 
  but, 
  * the 90 's called, 
  is just wrong . 
  that was cool and all , but are you sure you 're not in the wrong thread ? 
  what os does n't support dvorak ? 
  it 's been in windows since at least xp , os x since at least 10.6 , and i know they have it in linux mint . 
  os x 's `` dvorak-qwerty command '' layout is my favourite . 
  lets you type in dvorak but retain the handy keyboard shortcuts from qwerty by switching to that layout when the command key is pressed . 
  the normal qwerty layout , as well as its derivatives such as qwertz and azerty are designed to keep common key pairings away from each other to minimise jams back in old typewriters . 
  essentially , it is designed to slow you down . 
  it 's one of the reasons that alternate keyboards like dvorak are so much better , despite not having high usage . 
  ah , right . 
  fair enough . 
  huh , til . 
  thanks . 
  [ the baader-meinhof phenomenon . 
  ] ( http://www.damninteresting.com/the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon/ ), 
  virtually any wikipedia article about a scientific or mathematical concept is going to be more in depth than secondary school level . 
  where , how , and when does one vote ? 
  there 's a difference between politely correcting someone 's grammar and being a `` grammar nazi '' . 
  the `` dvorak - qwerty command '' layout in os x solves the keyboard shortcuts issue completely , and there are websites like [ dvorak anywhere ] ( http://www.theworldofstuff.com/dvorak/dvorak.html ) for those occasions where you ca n't just temporarily change the system settings . 
  on phones , the very thing that is an advantage on a full-sized keyboard is a disadvantage , because of how reliant one is on autocorrect . 
  i 've heard the programming argument before , but personally i 've not found it to be a huge pain , though for those who do have issues with it , there 's [ programmer 's dvorak ] ( http://www.kaufmann.no/roland/dvorak/ ) . 
  the problem with colemak , as i see it , is that it makes concessions in pure typing speed and ergonomics for the sake of being easier to learn and having good keyboard shortcuts . 
  your last sentence is at fault of a nirvana fallacy . 
  an improvement is an improvement , even if it is n't perfect . 
  it 's still the best option we 've got . 
  to be honest , i would say the two expressions are much of a muchness ( * heh * , there 's another one ) . 
  one happens to be popular in english , but i would n't say it 's better at all . 
  i 've got ta be honest , i 've played both of them completely through , and i found the gameplay in portal 2 got * incredibly * repetitive and dull with the use of gells . 
  it was * totally * worth it though , because the story is just fantastic . 
  a senator , not an mp , but indeed it would be very interesting . 
  / u/icc0ld says they would still arrest him , but for the uk to arrest an elected politician of the australian senate would be a * massive * political scandal . 
  haha awesome . 
  all the letters are in the same place , thankfully , so it 's easy to switch back and forth between the two for when you 're doing writing and programming . 
  good news , the old reader has been bought out by new owners , and they 're back bigger and better than ever . 
  not in a legal sense , sure , but can you imagine the shitstorm it would create ? 
  much , much harder for a left hander . 
  pushing the pen across the paper is more difficult than pulling , so lifting up is advantageous . 
  yeah , i really do n't see either of those as positive points , and both parties claim to increase club and society spending , so i do n't really see the difference on student-facing issues . 
   i insulted them and moved along like a reasonable human being would, 
  let 's be honest , that 's not what a reasonable human being does . 
  a reasonable human being ignores them entirely . 
  but no , voting is not compulsory . 
  you do get a $ 5 voucher for doing it , though . 
  i imagine you could spoil the ballot if you like . 
  you could always run yourself next year , and there are independents who are n't doing as much of the in-your-face advertising stuff . 
  i had an independent come to talk before one of my lectures one time . 
  i do n't remember what they talked about , but i think party of it was wanting less of the party politics stuff . 
  he was n't one of the three groups you 've described above . 
  yeah , i do n't actually plan on voting for him ( and i 'm about 90 % sure it was a him ) , just putting it out there as an option . 
   first time in ages ive played a game without a large mod, 
  so no , they 're not . 
  i 'm curious , what exactly is the difference between a castle and a major castle ? 
  if you do n't care for the politics you 're completely free to ignore them , like i said before , voting here is n't compulsory . 
  yeah mate , the article ( and the quote from it ) says the exact opposite of that . 
  10:30 on 06/08 , compared to 8:30 pm on 05/08 in the us . 
  i 'd call that the future . 
  are people really vegan for health reasons ? 
  vegetarianism is incredibly healthy , but not having milk and eggs is certainly not beneficial to your health . 
  in case you genuinely did n't get it , / u/slanderman said `` 739 '' , but it was implied that he meant 739 million . 
  / u/fuckmehardpicard was making a joke about the ambiguity in that . 
  fuck that , the only reason i wo n't eat it by the spoonful from the jar is because it would feel weird .
