  i 've mainly always used the normal english terms ( i.e. , letters + `` crotchet '' , `` minum '' etc. 
  ) , but when using the named pitches , i 've always heard things such as `` fa sharp '' . 
  i assume that would actually be called * fi * ? 
  huh ? 
  they * did n't * only post this to / r/classicalmusic . 
  you 're clearly seeing it here , so there 's that , obviously . 
  there 's also :, 
  / r/psychology, 
  / r/wearethemusicmakers, 
  / r/neuro, 
  / r/neuropsychology, 
  / r/biology, 
  / r/musiccognition, 
  and , more recently ( after your comment ), 
  / r/samplesize and / r/music . 
  agree that it should perhaps also be posted in a jazz subreddit , and possibly also others dedicated to other genres of music . 
  but op seems to have covered their bases in terms of getting a wide variety from both the music world and science worlds , and more recently the especially wide nets of more casual music enthusiasts . 
  foodstuffs not normally so much ( compared to anything computer-related ) , but still to an extent . 
  after you 've analysed it etc. , take a screenshot of the graphs or whatever , upload to [ imgur ] ( http://imgur.com ) , and submit the link by clicking `` submit a new link '' . 
  it 's also handy to put the link as a reply to the people in this thread . 
  holy fuck . 
  there 's a godfather book !? 
  i never even knew ... 
  also : papillon, 
  that said , as a general rule , he 's absolutely right . 
  the vast majority of the time , the book * is * better than the movie . 
  harry potter was a fine example , but also look at lotr ( which is , in my opinion , one of the best film adaptions of any book , despite still not being quite as good as the book ) . 
  there are many exceptions , of course , but the vast majority of examples do fit this rule . 
  far more importantly , they left out the scouring of the shire . 
  sure it was n't a perfect adaption , but in my opinion it did one of the best jobs of adapting a novel to film . 
  i can see why people disagree with that , but that 's my opinion . 
  i do n't understand why it ca n't just be optional preferences . 
  you number from 1 until whatever number you choose to stop at . 
  if your preferences end before a majority is gained , then it is counted as an informal ballot from that point on . 
  as someone involved in the education field , how do you feel about a portion of the money for gonski coming from universities ? 
  quick-edit : and , i remember reading somewhere that private school funding is being increased by the same amount as unis are being cut ( or something else regarding private school funding , might be the total budget or something ... ) , what would you say is your stance on that , if true ? 
  you 're most likely being downvoted because people do n't consider reaching level 3 a very large achievement . 
  i would tend to agree with them , but who cares . 
  ignore me , ignore them , just be happy with your own achievement !, 
  and keep working on toward the next goal !, 
  ( oh , and take an upvote from me ), 
  i see that your area has good high level players that are willing to help out , and that definitely awesome . 
  my area 's the same , and it definitely makes the game much more interesting . 
  meeting and talking with the higher level players is great :d, 
  i 've played with a group of [ 6 without conductor ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5k9cvqwo4q ) , and not had problems with timing ( linked performance is n't very good otherwise , but the timing was n't the issue ) . 
  but with a group of 10 or more , i 'd say you 're going to likely need a conductor . 
  with 10 you could * maybe * get away without , but with 18 it 's going to be nearly impossible . 
  if this was performed with a conductor , would you have to be the one that does it ? 
  if so , i 'd just say , do n't worry too much . 
  if you 're a good musician , it 's a pretty easy task at that level . 
  really fun , too !, 
  just check out some tutorial videos on youtube about the technique , and make sure you know the score well ( since you 're the composer , this should be fairly easy , but studying it from a conductor 's point of view can be different to a composer 's , so do n't just skip this step ) . 
  i can try to provide more information about it if you want . 
  wait what ? 
  i 'm confused , i thought the bombing * was * in boston . 
  ( legitimate question , in case i 've missed something here ... ), 
  urgh i 'm getting sick of people making this argument . 
  not everyone who posts up front is a `` rich kid '' . 
  my parents can just barely afford to pay for me , because they place a high value on a good quality university education . 
  even then , they can only really do it because of that upfront discount . 
  and there 's absolutely no way i 'm the only i 'm the only one in this position . 
  i wish you , and all the other people around here , would stop spreading this bullshit lie . 
  a lot of people seem to be making this argument , but it 's simply not true . 
  here 's my reply to the guy that replied to you . 
   urgh i 'm getting sick of people making this argument . 
   not everyone who posts up front is a `` rich kid '' . 
  my parents can just barely afford to pay for me , because they place a high value on a good quality university education . 
  even then , they can only really do it because of that upfront discount . 
   and there 's absolutely no way i 'm the only i 'm the only one in this position . 
   i wish you , and all the other people around here , would stop spreading this bullshit lie . 
  i hope you can see that this argument you 're making does n't really hold water , especially when the same money could come from subsidies on private institutions . 
  ( sorry about the downvotes , though . 
  this quite clearly contributes to the conversation . ), 
  edit : tiny typo, 
  no worries . 
  thanks !, 
  whoa dude . 
  way-to turn this into an ad hominem . 
  i 'm not going to be scared off of a university education because of this . 
  i will be able to do it , it 's just that i will now likely have to get a hecs debt , where before i would n't need any . 
  that 's my entire point . 
  they 're increasing the cost and forcing people who otherwise would not need to go into debt , to go into debt . 
  remember also that this cost could be completely mitigated if they did n't spend so much on private schools , which are profit-seeking private institutions anyway . 
  i 'm going to go over their policies myself , but if you 're someone who already seems to have a decent understanding of them , where would you say they lie in relation to greens , labor , and liberals ? 
  in particular , what 's their stance on : nbn ( seems as though they have n't made up their mind yet ) , carbon tax/ets ( i could n't find anything ) , and labor 's recent cut to uni funding ( also could n't find anything ) ? 
  i assumed both . 
  you 're right at that , the crowd does clap lefty stuff more . 
  but i think that that should tell you something * other * than that the crowd goes into it with a lefty bias . 
   the country would be better served if they removed state governments had a larger federal parliament and improved the power of local councils imo, 
  very much this . 
  states should stay for sports , and possibly senate elections , but naught else . 
  the australian democrats ( which i 've just been looking into after they were mentioned in another thread ) have something similar to this as part of their policy . 
  electoral reform, 
  e . we strongly hold that the current three tiers of government in australia should be replaced by a more representative framework , where the states are replaced by regional governments and local councils are replaced by community councils that carry out the work of that regional framework . 
  from that link, 
   introducing regimes of tradable greenhouse gas emission rights as an interim measure only, 
  interim with what goal in mind ? 
  and what do you mean by `` greenbank '' expenditure ? 
  sure , i 'd be happy for a facebook link to their profiles . 
  could be quite helpful .
