  the only worthwhile part of this post , and it is a * very * important point that i wish you had posted on its own rather than being the last third of what is otherwise poor advice , is regarding learning disorders . 
  if you have a learning disorder , do n't be ashamed to seek help with it . 
  i read the bit in lesser evils that deals heavily with this stuff just earlier today . 
  definitely highly recommend the books , both on their own merit as novels , and for what they add to the lore of tieflings , warlocks , devils , and the hells within d&d . 
   the scag lets you have other origins that fiend ( or are the standard demon ? 
  demons are fiends . 
  `` fiend '' is a general term for devils , demons , and a few other creatures . 
  by default , tieflings have hellish blood in them -- they 're related to devils . 
  but the scag and the demon unearthed arcana both have details for variants on that `` standard '' option . 
   and i think i 've seen purple, 
  that would be the phb 's main tiefling image . 
   plus it 's funny when someone casts detect evil and a random pc starts glowing, 
  you should double check how detect evil & good works in 5e . 
  part of the definition of a mental disorder is if it causes the patient distress * . 
  if you 're functioning well , i can definitely see it being less necessary to go through everything it would require to get treatment . 
  \\* i 'm not a doctor , i just read this shit online . 
  anyone reading this , if you think you might have any sort of mental disorder , discuss it with a doctor or at least someone else you trust . 
  i absolutely love 2 . 
  in fact , i would go so far as to say that your interpretation is exactly how things * should * be done . 
  if i 'm playing a warlock , it 's because i * want * to deal with the interaction with my patron . 
  so long as i 'm allowed to describe the nature of my pact initially , as part of my backstory , that is . 
  my initial reaction to 3 was a negative one , but the more i think about it , the more i like it . 
  like with above , i do think that * some * degree of player choice in their initial state should be allowed ( though to a much lesser degree than with a warlock patron ) , but having the dm roleplay them out as their own individual creature sounds like it could only be a good thing . 
  i hate -- ** hate ** -- 4 . 
  i 'm not going to go in to it any more than to link to [ this ] ( http://theangrygm.com/five-simple-rules-for-dating-my-teenaged-skill-system/ ) as what i believe is the one true way to handle skill checks . 
  i wish my party made use of inspiration more . 
  i tried to give it out when we first started 5e , but my players never spent it , so i could n't continue to give it out . 
  when i handed over the reigns , the subsequent dm just never gave it out . 
  but we do milepost levelling , so awarding extra xp en lieu of inspiration is n't an option . 
  hahaha this is brilliant . 
  this is [ the second video i 've seen reacting to ... whatever it 's reacting to ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no_vti186tk ) . 
  i honestly have no idea who the `` fine brothers '' are , or what any of their videos are , and i only have the vaguest idea of what it is they 've recently done . 
  but god dammit they sound like right arseholes . 
  i 'm guessing these guys are a big deal in some circles of youtube ? 
  is this video monetised ? 
  i really do n't want to watch it if it is . 
  i 'm vaguely curious about what they 've actually done and how they 're framing it , but not enough that i want to give them views if they 're making money from it . 
  i 'm aware of the economics of it . 
  it 's the principle of the thing to me . 
   think of it like those youtube networks, 
  you mean the ones that pretty much everyone now recognises as a scam , to be avoided by upcoming youtubers at all costs ? 
  watch [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no_vti186tk ) and [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-zr7c-j6qe ) . 
  i 've never heard of the fine brothers before today , but those two videos demonstrated to me why they should be avoided . 
  even if someone did that , grey would be safe . 
  something very similar to `` prior art '' ( which is a term in patent law ) applies when it comes to the use of trademarks . 
  my best guess is that a horse and a tiefling would have the same result as a horse and a human . 
  nothing . 
  d&d seems to treat its playable `` races '' somewhere between races in real life ( i.e. , the same species with some superficial differences ) , and actual separate species . 
  but i think completely different types of animals , like horses , would not be able to breed with tieflings any more than other humanoid `` races '' . 
   actually i just copied and pasted it, 
  you freebooted it , you mean ? 
  no , it 's not nearly that bad . 
  there are some major balance issues , and a few people are experiencing bugs , but it 's pretty damn good on the whole . 
  we 've got new music , a few new character models ( though admittedly not many ) , a whole new well thought out civ ( apart from the aforementioned balance issues , which should be fixed before too long ) including god powers , heroes , and everything else a civ should have , and a decently made campaign , even if it 's not up to the same quality as the titans ' campaign . 
  no , most games just work . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think they detect the hardware signals directly , and just assume it 's qwerty . 
  it would make sense , then , that minecraft is one of the ones that fails , since java does n't give them the capability to work directly with hardware . 
  it 's mostly older games that you would need to switch back to qwerty for . 
  i know i 've been playing a lot of age of mythology recently , and it has this problem . 
  definitely not true . 
  i set up a 24 hour new user filter , and i 've noticed a few legitimate submissions getting filtered by it . 
  imo because of the size of the sub , and how few other submissions are posted by the time i get around to manually approving them , it 's worth it to prevent the spammers getting * any * attention , but there are definitely brand new users signing up just to say their piece on small subreddits . 
  also check / r/fightspam . 
  there 's a tv show in australia that does the same thing , called gogglebox , i think . 
  i believe it 's based on a show of the same name from the uk . 
  yup . 
  they have a lot of other videos on their channel . 
  if you have n't seen it already , i 'd highly recommend llamas with hats . 
  at least ... the first three . 
  you sure ? 
  the 620 might be low end within its generation , but it 's also * six generations * better than my 9800 gt which runs skyrim perfectly . 
  6 generations of processing power roughly doubling . 
  hmm . 
  fair enough . 
  guess things do n't move along nearly as fast as i would have thought . 
  it was a lovely performance , and the less formal clothing was pretty cool . 
  not a fan of the smiles though . 
  they looked horribly forced . 
  when i 'm playing , my face is n't a frown most of the time because i 'm glum , it 's because that 's just the natural face to go into when concentrating on something . 
  at a particularly sublime moment that might go away into a sort of blissful look , but never really a smile like they were putting on . 
  the most obvious thing to me is that it scales somewhat weirdly . 
  i 'm not aware of any other spell that scales by increasing die type . 
  there are some non-caster features that work like this , so it 's not a completely new idea , but i think it would be the first time a caster is exposed to this sort of thing . 
  and having it scale any different way would obviously be extremely dangerous , so i guess the way you 've done it is probably for the best . 
  personally i would n't adjust the level it starts at or the way it scales . 
  it looks pretty good to me as-is . 
   at the cost of 2d12 necrotic damage, 
  actually , the first time they use overchannel per long rest , they suffer no penalty . 
  the dangerous thing , though , is that because a level 14 wizard is unlikely to have less than 24 health , overchannel would have * no * chance of killing them on their second use , and even their 2nd , 3rd , and even 4th can not cause death unless the wizard rolled for health and got below average results . 
  it makes overchannel a risk-free option with this spell . 
  whether or not one considers this a problem is up for debate . 
  personally , i do n't really know . 
  the simplest solution , if someone does consider it problematic , would be if it were simply removed from the wizard 's spell list , and left with only warlocks and demon hunters . 
  and , for what it 's worth , the combination with the necromancer 's grim harvest feature is also potentially problematic , since it could allow them to spring straight back to life . 
  mmm yeah . 
  i 'll be honest , i read the op and thought this was just an unworkable idea ; inherently overpowered and impossible to save . 
  but i like your idea quite a lot . 
  it fits with the general flavour of humans being highly flexible in their skill set , it does n't seem like it would be overpowered ( to be honest , i 'd probably consider it underpowered , since most people are not going to multiclass , and those that do will generally want to have high enough skills anyway , to make use of the new class ) , and it accomplishes the general idea of having an easier time multiclassing that op was going for . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  i 've never heard of either of the composers discoverer99 mentioned .
