  will edit accordingly . 
  edit : just to amend you slightly , wikipedia says it was ' 08 , so he was 14 . 
  not a significant difference , though . 
  editedit : he also did n't release baby until ' 10 . 
  i do n't know about most people , but where i was that 's when he first took off . 
  nobody i knew had ever heard of him before then , so i guess that 's where my mistake came from . 
  i 'm not making a moral argument at all . 
  i 'm making a practical one . 
  you ca n't just make the claim that the internet could exist without advertising . 
  it gravitated towards that model for a reason , and that 's because it works . 
  if another model would have worked better , then that 's what we would be using most likely . 
  if you believe otherwise , i would be very interested to see the evidence you base that off of . 
  be honest , would you be willing to be a monthly fee to access every site you visit at least once a month ( that currently has ads ) ? 
  think how many that is . 
  on the off chance you can honestly say to yourself ` yes ' to that part , do you really think you 're in the majority ? 
  ah i see , you 're talking about the culture associated with the decade . 
  the rest of us are talking about the actual decade . 
  both approaches have merit , but i 'd say what we 're saying is the more obvious approach . 
  right , but just because others were arguing on a moral basis does n't mean i am . 
  i have not argued on anything other than a pragmatic basis . 
  even so , to go back to the moral argument , why should it matter whether it 's a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  the sites currently use advertising as their revenue model , and by blocking those ads , you 're stealing from them . 
  oh no doubt the culture definitely is more relevant . 
  that 's why i said both methods have merit . 
  it 's just that the culture is n't the more obvious choice when you say `` the 90s '' . 
  yeah the american pronunciation of solder really bothers me . 
  herbs is bizarre , but at least i get it : it 's not unheard of to have a silent first h ( particularly in french ) . 
  but randomly missing out an l in the middle of a word ? 
  * why ? 
  spelling these days is far more standardised than it once was . 
  there 's differentiation between regions , and spelling might shift more in that sense ( perhaps over time all english will be spelt the american way , or the opposite : the american way may die out ) , but i doubt new spellings will become accepted for existing words . 
  i was discussing a separate , but very related issue . 
  that is , that the morals of it , however you wish to discuss them , are irrelevant next to the practicalities . 
  this issue may have stemmed from kant 's categorical imperative , but it does not need to be exclusively tied to that . 
  heck , we 're arguing about the issue of blocking ads on the internet in a thread about whether or not an individual should vote in elections . 
  as a software engineering student , i find it can range from funny to depressing . 
  it really depends on the exact execution . 
  i prefer my atm machines to have a gui interface for me to put my pin number into . 
  what if , as you 're doing that first thing , something else that would take 2 minutes comes up ? 
  do you abandon the first thing , or complete it first ? 
  you have to reach the technological singularity for us . 
  if you 're in nsw or wa you can still vote for wikileaks party candidates . 
  so i checked out the [ wikileaks party webpage ] ( http://www.wikileaksparty.org.au/candidates/ ) . 
  they 're running candidates in victoria , new south wales , and western australia . 
  shame . 
  hopefully they 'll be running in more states in 2016 . 
  i 'm 19 and have been to 24 countries on 5 continents ( 4 if you prefer to count eurasia as 1 , as i do ) off the top of my head :\\, 
  really ? 
  that seems utterly bizarre . 
  do n't 1/3 ( a rather large number ) of a level students do 4 a levels ? 
  maths and physics ( and possibly chemistry ) are arguably two ( or three ) of the hardest hl subjects there are . 
  if you 're going to do 4 hls , those would be best to avoid . 
  by the way , i notice you 're taking french b. 
  do you have some french background that could call into question whether you 're really eligible for that ? 
  only reason i ask is i know the space before punctuation marks like question marks and exclamation marks is a common french thing to do . 
  she has an account with exactly one post on it , and as far as i know she mainly just follows the subreddits associated with shows/book series that she likes . 
   typical reddit analogy, 
  you 've completely pulled that claim out of your arse . 
  i know the whole anti-reddit circlejerk is a popular circlejerk of its own , but honestly . 
  nobody here is claiming they 're the same thing . 
  in fact , if you go and reread the comment you replied to , you 'll see they 're saying the exact opposite . 
  where have you heard these rumours ? 
  the closest thing i find with a google search is a forum thread from 2011 with a total of 12 comments . 
  i also have n't heard anything about it in the media i usually choose to follow . 
  granted , the only android media i specifically make a point to seek out is the all about android podcast , largely because android fans are now worse than apple ones , and a lot of the media reflects that . 
  but still , if this rumour were out there , i feel like it would be bigger . 
  game console , i have heard about . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with the picture of batman 's face like that . 
  you do n't mean there was a pane after that , do you ? 
  surely ? 
  that would just be silly . 
  this guy actually kills cereal . 
  you just stumbled upon a really crucial part of philosophy and maths . 
  right , so would n't it be better if it was n't done to babies who do n't get to choose , and then when you grow up you can get it done if you want to , or not if you do n't ? 
  it 's not . 
  i 'm not american , but even i know of the existence of roe vs wade . 
   it looks nothing at all like a ball, 
  ball : a solid or hollow spherical or egg-shaped object that is kicked , thrown , or hit in a game . 
  oxford dictionary of english . 
  also , the term football comes not from the fact you 're hitting it with your feet , but that it is played on foot , as opposed to on horse . 
  personally , i 've always been a big proponent of using football as a generic term , encompassing soccer ( association football ) , afl , the rugby codes , gridiron , gaelic football , and any other sports someone decides is ` football ' . 
  they should be referred to by their specific name in any official circumstances , but you call call it football colloquially when there 's no ambiguity . 
  in nz ` football ' most often refers to rugby union . 
  in australia it most often refers to afl , and sometimes rugby league . 
  in america and canada it 's likely to refer to gridiron . 
  in ireland it could refer to soccer , gaelic football , or union . 
  point is , ` football ' is an ambiguous term , and any claim that one use of it is ` correct ' is utterly false . 
  personally , i 've always been a big proponent of using football as a generic term , encompassing soccer ( association football ) , afl , the rugby codes , gridiron , gaelic football , and any other sports someone decides is ` football ' . 
  they should be referred to by their specific name in any official circumstances , but you call call it football colloquially when there 's no ambiguity . 
  it 's true ( and even more so in australia ! ), 
  but he 's trying to use that quote as justification for using us measurement systems over metric . 
  it does n't work for that purpose . 
  we do it here in australia too . 
  god i hate patriotism ... 
  shows in the uk do n't always quit while they 're ahead . 
  sure blackadder and the office did amazing jobs of it , but i bet you they will run doctor who into the ground ( some would say they already have ) , and shows like skins and misfits have gone on longer than they should have . 
   uh yeah , all the serial killers come from america, 
  you should have stood up , said `` jack the ripper '' , and left . 
  this is exactly why there 's a court system and vigilante justice is n't allowed . 
  it is n't and should n't be about getting vengeance .
