  but in reality , like most micronations , you probably wo n't be recognised as a proper country by real states . 
  they would just tend to ignore you . 
  why a wikileaks fundraiser in qld ? 
  they are n't even running a candidate here . 
  i thought there were no left handed hockey sticks ? 
  australian here . 
  i also do not approve . 
  what 's that from ? 
  to me , though , the ground does n't give it away , only that character in the dead centre . 
  single transferable vote . 
  it 's arguably the best way of creating a proportional representation . 
  in terms of the us , it would work very well for choosing congressmen and senators . 
  for the president , it would be best if you moved to something like the alternative vote , aka instant runoff voting . 
  [ video explaining stv ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qwdpauv_p4 ) . 
  and [ another fairly good one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blh_w5khjpa ), 
  [ video explaining av ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y3je3b8hse ) . 
  note in this video , he over simplifies and assumes * everyone * who votes 1 for a certain person also votes 2 for the same candidate , but in reality when the votes get redistributed they are each given to whoever they were given to by voters , not necessarily a single block . 
  ah , i was thinking field hockey . 
  they apparently do n't have left handed sticks for that ... / r/lefthandproblems, 
  oh right !, 
  that 's also the witcher . 
  wow it looks good !, 
  before i watch that , if i have n't yet played the first two ( but intend to ) and want to avoid spoilers , should i avoid the trailer ? 
  britain might be asleep , but australia is n't . 
  we 're watching you . 
   is that absolutely crucial , though ? 
  having the ability to check up on work information on demand 24/7 ? 
  no , in most cases it is n't . 
  but heck , in most cases things could be done by hand and using a typewriter . 
  having a computer at your desk makes you more efficient . 
  having a computer at * home * makes you even more efficient because you can do the occasional thing from home . 
  having a smartphone makes you more efficient again because you can do stuff from out and about . 
  none of the things a smartphone do are essential , but they make life a lot more convenient not only in terms of work , but many , many other things . 
  for me , i 'm hopeless with directions , so i use a combination of google maps and my city council 's public transportation app for getting to places . 
  there 's no way i could do this without a smartphone short of looking it up on my computer before i get there and writing it all down . 
  even then , without a gps it could be hard to work out where i am and where i need to go next , and it would n't be able to account for any changes in plans . 
  i use my smartphone to listen to podcasts in order to get the news on the go . 
  sure there 's radios , but i have n't come across good quality radios the size of a smartphone , and besides the podcasts i choose to listen to would n't be available there anyway . 
  it 's a great way to keep in touch with my family overseas . 
  i regularly send random pictures of stuff to my little sister just because it 's fun . 
  i could wait till i get back home to drag them off of my dslr 's sd card , convert from raw , and then upload it , but aside from the incredible difficulty of all that , it loses the fun and spontaneity of the moment . 
  if i come across something , * anything * , that i 'm curious about , or perhaps we have a debate over some bit of trivia , i can look it up then and there . 
  no more pointless arguments over who was in what movie etc. 
  i keep my university timetable on it , so i know where i have to be , when , and for what class . 
  again , i could write this down by hand , but that would n't come with the advantage of an app with gps to help guide me there , or the ability to easily make edits to it on the fly . 
  they 're great for taking down notes about something that popped into your head , or giving reminders ( you can set it to give you a reminder at a certain time , or when you arrive at a certain location , for example ) . 
  all these things and more make my life far , * far * easier than it would be without a smartphone . 
  they allow me to work more efficiently and get through my day-to-day life without having to worry about what 's going on when and where . 
  and if i can use the same device to browse reddit ? 
  hell , that 's just a nice bonus . 
  sure , you might not see them as big flaws . 
  i strongly disagree and find your view there rather bizarre , but you 're entitled to it . 
  however , what * advantages * are there to mmp over stv ? 
  in certain marginal situations it can produce a parliament even more accurately representative of the people 's beliefs , but the difference is just that , marginal . 
  so why go with mmp rather than stv ? 
  that thing about independents is terrible . 
  it assumes all independents would have similar views . 
  under your proposed system , voting for an independent would be implicitly giving support to all other independents , which is absolutely not the case . 
  that said , i do n't see the fact that you have to vote twice ( which seems to be the * reason * you proposed that single vote alternative ) as much of a problem , anyway . 
  no , if you were to use mmp , it would have to be normal mmp where you select a local member and a list party . 
  i 've no idea what the reason for it is to be honest , but that sounds like the sort of thing it 's likely to be , yeah . 
  i 'm a big fan of how the [ pirate party ( at least in australia ) proposes patents should work ] ( http://pirateparty.org.au/wiki/platform#patents ) . 
  to summarise :, 
  * reduce patent terms to 5 years, 
  * increase cost of obtaining software patents and remove function-based software patents ( patents on the end result of the software ) . 
  * require the patent to be in use in order to litigate on it . 
  awesome , thanks . 
  what 's especially brilliant about this is it knows based on composer what you 're most likely to be talking about . 
  searching `` beethoven 5 key '' returns :, 
  ## c minor, 
  while `` rachmaninov 2 key '' returns :, 
  ## c minor, 
  piano concerto no . 
  2 , key, 
  absolutely brilliant . 
   just tall enough to be considered tall, 
  holy fuck , where the hell are you that 190 cm is only * just * ` tall ' ? 
   it was in response to a $ 50 increase in the minimum wage, 
  ok i 'm a massive supporter of left wing economics , i love the fact that australia has a ~ $ 16/h minimum wage . 
  but $ 50 is just fucking retarded . 
  maybe in a few decades when inflation sees $ 50 have the same purchasing power as $ 16 today , but that 's just absolutely ridiculous , and flies in the face of the entire purpose of minimum wage . 
  i do n't like it , but i 'd say you 're right . 
  in an ideal world the government would be able to step in for these cases , but we do n't live in an ideal world , so i guess this is the best way ... 
  i did n't see the original picture , and it took me longer than i 'd like to admit to realise this was photoshopped . 
  i thought it was one of those distance optical illusions , like what people do on salt flats . 
  mine too , is this not the norm ? 
  since when did australia separate maths in that bizarre american way ? 
  i thought we had `` maths '' class . 
  i thought labor was supposedly wanting to avoid the ` negative politics ' this election . 
  guess they decided to fuck that idea . 
  yep . 
  politicians have been using it like that for at least a few months . 
  it 's kinda strange , but there you have it . 
  holy fuck . 
  i just realised 5 years ago is almost 2009 . 
  when he said it my mind went to 2004 , but i was almost a decade out ... 
  i 'm waiting to see one of these pictures of john howard . 
  you do realise , of course , that in the robin hood tales the rich that robin hood steals from got rich from unfairly taxing the poor , right ? 
  in a way , robin hood was a vigilante standing up for the libertarian dogma by fighting against the oppressors . 
  some sportsmen become ` immortal ' , in a sense .
