  it was also used during wwii at the beginning of allied broadcasts as a symbol of v for victory . 
   vice versa, 
  ftfy, 
  but not quite . 
  the 6th was the first piece in the concert , and the 5th was the first piece after the interlude . 
  so yes , the 6th was premiered first . 
  however , based on date of publication and/or date of writing ( i 'm not sure which ) , the 5th is the 5th , because it came before the 6th in that respect . 
  i 'll take a stab at your other points :, 
   4:45 sunrise is fucking ludicrous . 
  subjective . 
  i think the idea of it still being light at 8:00 is more ludicrous . 
   having an extra hour of daylight after work till 7:30 actually ... makes commuting safer, 
  source ? 
   reduces reliance on artificial lighting so early in the evening, 
  studies are inconclusive as to whether it causes more or less energy usage , but either way the effect is miniscule . 
   oh and we are a tourism state/region too so imagine all the extra time tourists could have for activities, 
  our night life is a major part of that tourism . 
  let 's be honest , there really is n't all * that * much to do around brisbane or the gold coast . 
   there is the annoying time difference for people who conduct work between syd and melb during business hours for close to 6 months of the year or the large population of people who live on the border and deal with this day in day out, 
  stupid time switching in one place does n't justify stupid time switching in other places just to follow suit . 
  if the time differences is that big an issue , they should stop magically pretending that you can get more hours in the day . 
  as a side note , even if you disagree with my points regarding how extending daylight hours in the evening by an hour is stupid , consider this : why , if people benefit from it so much , must it be legislated by government ? 
  if it matters that much , businesses could change their hours of operation for half the year , it would n't be that big a deal . 
  edit : actually , you know what , i just realised something . 
  for all of these , but * especially * the one about commuting . 
  remember , you 're increasing the daylight hours ** in the time of year that already has the latest sunset ** . 
  so if you 're considering making the sun set an hour later from the already fairly late sunset for safety ( or other reasons ) would n't it make more sense to do this in the winter months , when the sun sets earlier and thus it 's more likely to be dark when you 're on your commute home ( or whatever ) ? 
  the newer one is considerably longer . 
  it was sped up to make it match with season 1 better . 
  i must say i find the new one considerably less attractive . 
  but that 's not really a very important part of it , in my opinion . 
  i 've been very impressed with her acting thus far . 
  not having seen much from the old one it 's hard to make a comparison , but it certainly was n't a * bad * change . 
   saddam was honestly believed to have wmd, 
  was he * really * ? 
  i 'm not aware of anyone who seriously believed that , outside of * maybe * some top politicians . 
  but from average people , i get the impression that they were aware of the lie all along . 
  we 're also a great strategic launching point for any invasion into south-east asia . 
  and a low population density and huge distances between cities only makes it easier to capture , because resistance ca n't coordinate as effectively . 
  fair enough , i stand corrected . 
  i was too young at the time to have any opinion on it at all , so everything i know is from really vague memories and what i later heard ( mainly a year or two in ) . 
  as others have pointed out , that example is utter rubbish , but cost of living in australia most certainly * is * much higher than the us . 
  at least , most of the us . 
  i have n't seen the data but i suspect we 're more or less on par with the most expensive parts of america . 
  that was the original definition , but these days the term 1st world applies mainly to developed countries , and the term 3rd world is for developing countries . 
  the term second world , which previously applied to soviet-allied countries , is no longer used . 
  i 'm surprised this has n't been massively covered already , but for me it 's shitty wine ` ports ' . 
  i just spent an hour trying to get the witcher to run without either crashing or massive lag on my machine , all because these shitty companies want the money grab but ca n't be bothered to actually develop a version of the game for os x. 
  i really appreciate it when a company goes to the effort of making the game run properly on mac ( e.g. 
  valve ) , or even when they outsource it is better than a bland wine skin ( such as those from aspyr ) . 
  how large is your ssd ? 
  if it 's over about 64 gb , how come you could n't put windows on it ? 
  or do you have other , more important , applications that need its speed ? 
  edit : minor pedantic side note , saying ` ssd harddrive ' is kind of an oxymoron . 
  man , now i want a super saiyan dude in my computer ... 
  but you can just say ssd drive ( although that would be redundant ... \\* sigh * ... guess there 's no pleasing everyone ) . 
  but damn , 5 minutes to boot up on an ssd ? 
  that really sucks . 
  was it that bad from the start , or has it gotten worse over time ? 
  ( btw , i hear win8 has incredible boot times , if upgrading is feasible for you ), 
  worth noting that the us is n't * too * much better than that . 
  50 governments with something like 300 million people . 
  ( 42 * 1.5 would give about 100 million ), 
   i 'm not a republican either so do n't anyone bother calling me one . 
  well that seems awfully defensive :\\, 
  yeah , he was driven towards communism in part because he approached the west for friendship/alliance , and the west blew him off . 
  so what did he do ? 
  turn to someone who would take an interest in him and his country , which just happened to be the soviets . 
  kinda sad , really . 
  the thing i was thinking of for australia was engineers australia , which admittedly would n't cover * all * software developers , but would cover software engineers . 
  it 's canada , but instead of sheep it 's ~ ~ seals ~ ~ polar bears . 
  canadians are tough mothers . 
  i respect your opinion , but i 'm going to have to disagree there . 
  i 'm more of a face person . 
  no , i understand entirely . 
  my issue is that if they are n't willing to put in the time to do it right , they should n't expect to benefit from the sales of it by releasing a shitty wine wrapper . 
   you do realise you 're not actually changing the number of daylight hours ? 
  dls does n't dictate the sun . 
  well duh , that 's what 's so stupid about it . 
  it acts as though you can get more hours out of the day . 
  obviously you ca n't . 
   on all your other points , your backwards thinking is what i hate about both qld and wa . 
  in both states the gov needs to step up and just enforce it . 
  create a separate time zone for the northerners if you have to , but the southern parts of both states should n't have to suffer because of them . 
  i 'm sorry what now ? 
  `` backwards thinking '' ? 
  please . 
  at least try and debate points rather than resorting to emotional arguments . 
  `` suffer '' . 
  yeah right . 
  most of us are glad no one here has to suffer through the change , and i for one am glad that we do n't get an unnecessary , preventable , spike in suicide rates and heart problems every year . 
   if they can enforce these numbnut bikie laws so easily , why not dls ? 
  complete non sequester , and entirely unrelated . 
  you have n't provided any real * attempt at * an argument for why daylight saving is a good idea . 
  please do n't bother replying unless you intend to do so this time . 
  it 'll just be ignored . 
  csiro is where most of the best innovations have come from in australia . 
  the whole piece ( carmina burana ) is absolutely incredible . 
  it starts with o fortuna , then goes through a variety of songs about the fickleness of wealth , and the pleasures and perils of drinking , gluttony , gambling , and lust , etc. , before finally returning to a reprise of o fortuna in an absolutely incredible finale , as the wheel continues to turn . 
  jinora 's father is tenzin .
