  i 'm not the guy you just replied to , but i might put a desert in the area of dragon 's mouth and far reach , west of the celcyne mountains . 
   its `` in-game '' aka steam-based . 
  interesting . 
  what does it say for non-steam games ? 
   a closed fist, 
  strength , seems logical . 
   a person running, 
  constitution makes the most sense . 
  could make an argument for strength too , though it 'd be a weak one . 
   a large boulder, 
  strength , again ? 
  i read the other comments saying what they actually are , but this was my initial thought process , and even after reading the correct answers , i find it dissatisfying . 
  running has nothing to do with dex . 
  a rock representing constitution seems bizarre . 
  i would suggest a vial of poison representing con , and maybe a bow and arrow , or a rapier for dex . 
  or perhaps a person crouching/being sneaky . 
  yeah the last three were fine . 
  [ here 's a vial of poison ] ( http://www.clker.com/cliparts/8/8/c/5/12205460491472115071papapishu_poison_bottle.svg ) . 
  if you can accurately portray someone doing a backflip that would also work nicely . 
  in fact , it was the first thing i thought of . 
  the reason i did n't suggest that myself was that i thought it might be difficult to show . 
  who 's taz ? 
  ah right , thanks for letting me know . 
  i 've never found listening to/watching other people play games particularly entertaining though , so i 'll give it a miss . 
   looking for a less menacing image . 
  alcohol , perhaps ? 
  a picture of a beer stein . 
  that could be said for virtually any of these though . 
  high charisma does n't necessarily mean charming : it could be highly persuasive or intimidating , for example . 
  high wisdom does n't necessarily mean highly watchful , it could be a connection with nature and the gods . 
  high dex could be more about fine motor skills than acrobatics or sneakiness . 
  but these sorts of generalities work for the sake of a puzzle . 
  what are the dude 's other subjects ? 
  i believe there are a couple of subjects out there that count for two groups , so that might be one way to make it work out . 
  but then again , someone in my year did three sciences ( and i 'm * pretty * sure she did the dp ... ) , and i do n't think my school offered any of those dual-group subjects , so maybe there 's some other way of getting around it . 
  my main point though is that even if there are ways around it , the norm makes arts skippable but nothing else is , which is rather unfair . 
   i enter the ac as , for example `` 18 ( chain shirt , shield , ring of prot . 
  oh fair enough , that makes a lot of sense . 
  though having a purely numerical form ( especially if it * were * to be displayed on the encounter page ) of ac could be useful . 
   the web interface is specifically designed to only need half your screen, 
  how exactly does this work ? 
  if i were to buy the app on my phone , is there a link to a webpage i can use on a desktop that will sync custom monsters across to the phone ? 
  is there perhaps some method of mass-entry by reading from a json or xml file containing information for a bunch of creatures ? 
   damage and healing - the '' +10 '' , '' +1 '' , '' -10 '' , and '' -1 '' in the screen shot below are touch reactive, 
  that 's really neat !, 
  way better than keyboard entry . 
  now that i know about it that 's fantastic . 
  i would suggest that it 's not particularly discoverable though -- i was thumping my fingers all over that part of the screen trying to get something to happen , and did n't see anything occur -- so it might be worth adjusting the ui a little . 
  on the other hand , maybe i 'm just a moron . 
   the 3 dots show there are 3 creatures in this group just swipe on the red box left and right to change which one you are looking at, 
  i was wondering why i was only seeing one dot when the screenshots had three . 
  ( i set it to keep creatures separate , rather than in groups . ), 
  that 's a cool little bit of design it almost makes me want to change how i do things just to take advantage of it . 
   as far as rolling damage , that adds a good bit more complexity code wise and the my main purpose for writing this was to address issues i had with other apps, 
  yeah fair enough . 
  the main reason i do n't currently use any apps at my table is because i have n't found one that 's simple enough to feel worthwhile . 
  the more i think about it , the harder it seems like it would be to implement something like this in a satisfying way , anyway . 
   i 'm tempted to revisit it to add hp and ac , but when i tried initially with the current layout i ended up with either really small fonts ( fine for monster 6 inch phones , but mine is a bit smaller ) or i ended up truncated monster names . 
  one possibility would be to ( have the option to ) remove the initiative score if sorting by init , and the count if monster type grouping is turned off . 
  another possibility would be to make them go full width instead of having two across . 
  ( which would have the additional advantage of disambiguating the order in which things go -- having it go across leads to the question of whether to read across the rows first , or down the column first . 
  it 's not a huge problem , but it 's a non-zero concern . ), 
  it 'd have to be scrolled through more frequently , which is a drawback , but it would provide space for a * lot * of extra information . 
  as a side note , sort by init does n't quite work properly at the moment . 
  when you first open it up , even if the setting is sort by init , it 's shown in alphabetical order . 
  rolling initiative does n't cause a reflow either . 
  the only way to * actually * sort by initiative is by switching the sort to alphabetical , then switch it back to init . 
  and speaking of initiative , one thing that might be useful is if , when initiative is rolled for monsters , it could automatically prompt asking for a manual entry of initiative of pcs , assuming auto-initiative for pcs is turned off . 
  instead of having to go through five clicks per pc ( not counting any clicks used in entering the value itself ) . 
  my phone ( pixel -- not xl ) seems to be * just * shy of the point where it can nicely display in tablet mode . 
  it 's certainly usable , so i think i might switch to using it this way anyway , but some information is obscured . 
  ca n't access conditions beyond the second row , for example . 
  but that 's not a huge worry , since they do n't come up too often anyway compared to needing to keep track of attacks , ac , and health . 
   there 's a million things we could spend our cash on, 
  i 've got more google opinion rewards money than i know how to spend . 
  it can only be spent on google play stuff , and i do n't have a lot of interest in many apps or mobile games , so it kinda just sits there . 
  anyway , thanks a heap for responding to me . 
  depending on the response to my questions about adding custom creatures , i probably will grab a copy of this . 
  pending a test of the free version at the table to see if i find it as useful in practice as it seems to be when just messing around . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  it 's april as far west as thailand . 
  you mean / u/the _ singular_anyone ? 
  [ here 's a link to the race ] ( / r/boh5e/comments / 419248/awakened _ undead_by_uthe_singular_anyone / ) . 
  hi sorry , but this subreddit is n't the place for homebrewery tech support . 
  you should contact its creator , / u/stolksdorf , or use the service 's own built in [ issue tracker ] ( https://github.com/stolksdorf/homebrewery/issues ) . 
  thanks . 
   when a character is created it starts out with four of the six traits filled . 
  two of these are bonds tied to the characters of the party . 
  this part , i do n't like . 
  i get that it 's a good idea for a character to have a reason to stay with the party , and a party of connected characters is a good thing . 
  but the way your framework is set out means that a player does n't even have the * option * of having important extra-party bonds when they start out . 
  i would suggest making it * one * bond within the party , and one bond outside of the party , because having ties to the world outside your party can make a character feel more real and more like they belong in the world . 
  failing that though , at least make it so that one bond is to the party , and the other is free to go wherever the player wants . 
  resolving traits does n't seem to be explained properly . 
  it 's * intuitively * obvious , but the text does n't actually explicitly state what resolving a trait means . 
  it should specific something along the lines of how a trait can be resolved when it is no longer relevant or the character has found a way to move on from it . 
  other than that , though , i rather like it . 
  it 's a neat little system that works better than inspiration in terms of flavour , and does n't require dm fiat to enact ( which can result in it just never happening , at some tables , if the dm just forgets ) . 
  nicely done . 
  the pirate party .
