  i feel like sacred flame gets a pass , because it 's like holy fire . 
  it does n't literally burn , but like , spiritually burns . 
  but do n't get me started on sneak attack . 
   or any non-disadvantage melee attack for swashbucklers, 
  not quite . 
  it 's the normal rules , plus 1-on-1 situations . 
  if you 've got multiple enemies on you , no dice . 
  also if you 've got an ally * behind * you , but not within 5 feet of your enemy , no dice . 
   every time i 've had a player use it , they wanted to set something on fire . 
  every time . 
  tell them the story from christian mythology about the burning bush . 
  what you 've quoted for the swashbuckler is not what the book says . 
   in addition , you do n't need advantage on your attack roll to use your sneak attack if no creature other than your target is within 5 feet of you . 
  yeah the swashbuckler and the sorcerer subclass also in that ua were fixed and published in the scag . 
  well mainly i do n't understand what the whole thing was about . 
  why was it posted , what was the intended outcome ? 
  ah , is it ? 
  i 'm not particularly familiar with the d&d fey stuff . 
  your anecdote is precisely why i think that everyone * should * wear a helmet , and anyone not wearing one , regardless of their reason for doing so , is a fucking moron . 
  but i 'm not quite so strongly of the opinion that they should be mandatory . 
  i 'm never going to do any campaigning * against * them being mandatory , but nor would i campaign for it . 
  part of me thinks that a reasonable compromise might be to make them mandatory on the road , but optional on the pavement and dedicated bike paths ( * not * bike lanes on the road ) . 
  ( side note : victoria and nsw take note , your laws against riding on the pavement are fucking retarded and do far more danger to the country as a whole than any stance on bike helmets & mdash ; for or against & mdash ; ever could . ), 
  what ? 
  no , chuck is awesome . 
  that show had one of the best endings of any show i 've seen . 
  plz delete this comment before they see it, 
  plz delete this comment before they see it, 
  have you ever seen / r/the _ donald ? 
  that 's a ` safe space ' far worse than any university campus . 
   / s in case someone thinks i 'm serious, 
  except that ipv6 addresses * are * like that . 
  you 're evil . 
  no , the last sentence was also a truth . 
   australia is only as good as how we vote . 
  yeah i would also like to know this . 
  yup . 
  it takes literally zero effort to do , and it makes you so much safer , whether the biggest risk be reckless drivers , unexpected potholes , or oblivious tourists . 
  it turns out that the health benefits of cycling ( on a societal level ) actually outweigh the risk of accidents , so this reasoning does n't work super well . 
  the entire question feels utterly bizarre to me . 
  the reason sleeping feels so good is because being tired makes you feel like crap , and the relief from tiredness is blissful . 
  but if you never felt tired , there would be literally no reason to want to sleep . 
   i 'd be surprised if he paid 150, 
  haha . 
  turns out the actual figure was quite a bit less than that . 
  only ~ $ 117 . 
  ( from the latest episode . ), 
  if you have n't seen it already , i really would strongly recommend modern family !, 
  it 's a great show . 
  a really nice lighthearted , fun sitcom . 
  very family friendly , but also quite heartfelt at times . 
  i thought it was $ 116 and some cents , was n't it ? 
  so i rounded up to be safe . 
  pretty sure space grey is what they call `` almost black , but not quite '' . 
  fair ` nough, 
  doing it this way , they can get the basic status information ( battery , network , etc. ), 
  up out of the way so it does n't take up normal screen space . 
  sorry , but your work contains art assets or other content that is not properly credited and ** will be removed ** if they are not added in a reasonable timeframe . 
  please review your work and apply proper credit for sources . 
  if the issue is art assets , please look at the following guide :, 
  for finding art that can be used freely used ; if you are unable to find a source to credit . 
  sometimes it is not completely clear that assets are being used uncredited , and homebrews will slip through the cracks . 
  fret not and please do not feel singled out . 
  if your homebrew is removed , you are welcome to repost it once the proper credits have been established . 
  on the one hand , i like the fact that you 're trying to do something that 's less terrible than the mystic , which is just an abysmal class from both mechanics and flavour . 
  on the other hand , i really do n't like the idea of a psion using the same basic spellcasting mechanics as casters . 
  psionics is completely different from magic , and should be kept both thematically and mechanically distinct . 
  a lot of desktops/desktop browsers have problems with emoji . 
  should display fine on any modern mobile though . 
  odd . 
  i know samsung does some really crappy shit with software , but i would have thought something as basic as emoji should work fine . 
  what browser you using ? 
  i do n't think it 's entirely the seinfeld is n't funny trope . 
  there 's certainly an element of that , but there are other elements of the game that are just plain bad . 
  there are a lot of parts of the game that use platformer mechanics , or ask you to complete puzzles . 
  and these are just * terrible * . 
  you run up to an edge and jump , and if you timed the jump to be right when you each the edge , for maximum distance , you just fall . 
  to make the jump you have to anticipate by something crazy like a metre early or thereabouts . 
  then of course there 's ladders . 
  just ... everything about ladders is awful . 
  and for puzzling , you often need to move these boxes around . 
  but they do n't move normally , like they would in any other game . 
  they move by being flung half way across the room at the slightest touch !, 
  that 's just bad design . 
  the game also just does n't have anything in the way of a compelling narrative . 
  really , as a player , you 're stuck just having to `` run around and shoot everything because this is a shooter game and that 's what you do '' . 
  you 've got no idea where these creatures come from , or why the government now seems to want to shoot you . 
  or who the hell the couple of friendly guys are meant to be . 
  it 's a very '90s style of shooter where you have to completely accept the premise of `` just go and shoot everything , do n't question it '' which does n't hold up well today . 
  the shooter mechanics themselves are fine . 
  they are n't anything that stands out today , but you can see why they were so good at the time . 
  * this * is where seinfeld comes into the mix . 
  yeah . 
  apple has applied it to a rather trite application , but that level of tech , available in such a small device , instantaneously , without any specialised set up , has enormous ramifications . 
  imagine what it could do for low budget film making , if apple allowed it to be used in that way . 
  i 'm currently doing a course on hci with non-standard input paradigms ( vr , ar , gestures , bodily interaction , etc. 
  ) , and so a week or so ago i was talking with a friend about a possible design project using mixed reality like hololense to make rpg players look like their character to the other players . 
  we were wondering what the state of consumer level facial mapping was like today . 
  well , i guess apple gave us our answer there . 
  and it is * very * impressive -- or will be , once someone else reaches the same level and allows it to be applied more broadly .
