  holy shit that 's somehow worse than brisbane 's . 
  i did n't think i 'd see the day . 
  are they having the referendum as a separate event ? 
  surely not . 
  it 'll cost a hell of a lot less if they just tack it on to a state election ... 
  better than clipart of whatever the designer felt was cool at the time , which seems to be what melbourne went with . 
  the crown looks like they could n't be bothered cutting it out correctly . 
  is it weird that i misread that as `` or push our paladin off a cliff '' , and then thought `` ah , classic warlock '' ? 
  mac store -- oh yeah , i forgot that was a thing . 
  awwww :(, 
  how could anyone kick something as adorable as that . 
  how does one tell if their screen is amoled or not ? 
   one of my pet peaves is when players refer directly to class abilities , spells , or classes in character as what they are . 
  this is more true for some classes than others . 
  the difference between a sorcerer , warlock , and wizard is one that people ( at least relatively educated people ) in universe would know , and refer to each by those names . 
  regarding spells , it 's hard to think of characters calling a * fireball * anything other than `` fireball '' , or referring to * sleep * as their `` sleeping spell '' or similar . 
  plus the named spells were invented by some named wizard , so people would obviously use their names . 
  but some others might not necessarily be called by their spell name . 
  * eldritch blast * might be referred to by the warlock as `` a crackling beam of energy '' . 
  the dm should only tell you what modifiers to add if you 're new . 
  otherwise they should be just telling you `` make a wisdom ( insight ) roll '' , or even just `` make an insight check '' . 
  to which typo are you referring to ? 
  `` pet peave '' or `` dm 's '' ? 
  or maybe both . 
  edit : lol at my own typo . '', 
  to which ... are you referring to '' . 
  what ? 
  i 'll happily get away from the road once my routes are covered by separate bike routes . 
  i 'll go a little out of my way to stay off the road , but i 'm not going to double the distance i have to travel . 
  and in many cases it is n't an option even if i would . 
  you want bikes off the road ? 
  go campaign to have more bike routes . 
  until then , do n't fucking get mad at cyclists just trying to get where they 're going . 
  especially not in a thread where one just fucking * died * , probably at least in part thanks to an * inattentive driver * . 
  to do that is victim blaming in the worst possible way . 
  i 've double posted before . 
  i 've triple posted before . 
  i think i 've even quadruple posted before . 
  but i do n't think i 've ever * septuple posted * before . 
  their lives and safety * are * more important than the punctuality and ego of anyone stuck behind them . 
  totally . 
  i 'm a big fan of that rule and always look for opportunities to use it . 
  but in 90 % of cases it 's going to be clear which stat to use , so dms can probably leave out the stat to use and just name the skill . 
  i actually think the apostrophe is worse . 
  `` peeve '' is n't a word that gets used very often , and `` peave '' makes just as much sense if you do n't specifically know that word . 
  using initialisms and acronyms as nouns , and then pluralising them , is a pretty common practice , so people * should * know how to do it properly . 
  cheers . 
  oh definitely . 
  there are a * lot * of game mechanics that can not and should not be directly translated into flavour . 
  my main point was to point out that in some cases , game mechanics exactly match flavour , and in others they very closely correspond with it . 
  most numbers are definitely more likely to be unable to be translated into mechanics though , i would agree . 
   they 're just a crazy mage to jim bob , the barrel maker, 
  perhaps . 
  but aubrin the low level noble might have learnt `` wizards carry books , sorcerers just have magic '' . 
  and you can * bet * that tam the priest is going to know a warlock from a wizard . 
  i would probably say that , in a world where magic is as common as in the forgotten realms , even jim bob might know that there is a difference between a wizard and sorcerer , even if he ca n't tell which one is which by sight . 
  in a more magic-light setting , that may not be as true . 
  since i notice you 've already gotten a lot of excellent feedback in this thread , i 'll wait until the next draft before i give my two cents . 
  probably easier that way : subsequent drafts can often drop off in amount of useful feedback anyway . 
  chuck me a message when it goes up , so i do n't miss it . 
  i actually think the fact that they 've gone to irv is a really , really good thing . 
  the 1994 academy awards ( or maybe '95 -- ca n't remember if these are movies from ' 94 , or academy award best picture nominees from ' 94 ) were contested by pulp fiction , shawshank redemption , and forrest gump . 
  i firmly maintain that forrest gump won because at the time they used fptp . 
  the people with good taste had their votes split between pulp fiction and shawshank redemption , which are some of the greatest movies ever made , leaving the lowest-common-denominator crap like forrest gump to win . 
  with fptp , that does n't happen anymore . 
   i think there is something to be said about the following that the movies they gave examples of has garnered over the years . 
  i think that says far more about how hindsight can give a better perspective on the quality of a piece of media than you get when it 's fresh , than it does about the mechanics of the voting system they use . 
   maybe , i was just exited to see preferential voting being used in a real life setting . 
  `` real life setting '' , like literally every country with a not shit voting system ? 
  out of noteworthy democracies , i 'm pretty sure only america and the uk are stuck with fptp . 
  others use * at least * irv , in some cases stv , mmp , or other improved systems . 
   the problem is , even if we went proportional , the republicans got 49.1 % of the vote to democrats 48 % , so it would still be a republican house, 
  only if the republicans can get one third of independents to support them . 
  if the independents overwhelmingly support democrats , then it will be a democratic minority government . 
  and if the independents do support the republicans , well then that 's fair . 
  if more people support republicans or independents who prefer republicans over democrats than the other way around , then the republicans deserve to govern . 
  democracy in action . 
  in the sidebar , we have links to resources . 
  in particular , a set of brushes that can be used to make the edges of the art look like in the phb . 
  once you 've got that , there 's really not much need for tutorials . 
  you just load the brushes into photoshop and play with them until you get something you like , making sure that you 're erasing into transparency and not a solid colour . 
  anyway , i 'm removing this submission since this subreddit requires submissions be content that is in a ready state for people to use . 
  requests for help are best directed to the arcana forge megathread . 
  i 'm removing this submission since this subreddit requires submissions be content that is in a ready state for people to use . 
  requests for help are best directed to the arcana forge megathread . 
  check / u/dubiousmage 's answer though . 
  that should give you enough information . 
  it 'll produce something that looks a little nicer than wotc 's ua articles , but is still very printer-friendly . 
   49.1 % of the overall vote would translate to 50-60 % of the house seats, 
  the previous comment said if it were proportional . 
  that 's what i was responding to . 
  i 'm removing this submission since this subreddit requires submissions be content that is in a ready state for people to use . 
  this type of request would really be more at home in / r/dndnext . 
  with the cleric warlock , is the idea that he 's somehow * accidentally * started getting warlock powers , thinking they 're from pelor ? 
  lol no . 
  the other account came a couple of hours after , and was obviously deliberately parodying this one . 
  these are decent photos , but feel a little unbalanced . 
  the rule of thirds is a really commonly talked about guideline for photos . 
  perhaps even a little over regarded in some cases . 
  but for simple landscapes like this , it works wonders .
