  is there some major sporting event or holiday or something in the us ? 
  i ca n't think of * any * event that 's large enough to justifiably cancel all new shows for a whole * week * , save perhaps the olympics . 
  a day or two , or three even , might make sense , but a week ? 
   why ca n't you be like the rest of us and not take a holiday between halloween and christmas, 
  you take hallowe'en ? 
  it 's definitely not a big thing here in aus . 
  i think our biggest holiday before chrissy is probably ... 
  i dunno , that famous horse racing one , i guess ? 
  maybe labour day or the queen 's ( observed ) birthday , both of which seem to be on different days in different states ... 
  i was always under the impression that hallowe'en was n't very big in europe ... 
  i was about to complain that they 'd now changed it from two clicks to get to my subscriptions feed ( one to get to youtube , one to click `` subscriptions '' ) to three clicks ( an extra one for this mode ) , but it seems that at least they 've made users ' preference sticky , even if it defaults to the grid . 
  so that 's nice . 
  yes , george . 
  because it 's * warlocks * that are the ones doing the fucking over . 
  \\* stares pointedly *, 
  no , it definitely was not meant to be subtle . 
  a bunch of people seem to have been referencing this in this thread . 
  what 's the reference to , exactly ? 
  i do n't remember that line from star wars ... 
   even though it was initially planned, 
  source ? 
  i have * never * heard that there were * any * intentions of the movies and tv crossing over . 
  i 've heard plenty of stuff about the possibility of supergirl crossing over with arrowverse ( which would now have to be done via multi-dimensional shenanigans ) , but nothing about the films . 
  someone told me in a different thread that apparently `` earth 3 '' has special meaning of some sort in dc lore . 
  so it would have to be some other number earth if they 're gon na cross over arrowverse and supergirl . 
  but definitely , the only way to do it would be via multi-dimensional stuff . 
  i do n't know anything about how habitrpg has implemented oauth , but in general , the user should n't have to give * you * anything . 
  they should be redirected to a page that authenticates them ( efc : a page hosted by habitrpg themselves , not by you ) , and returns to you an access token , which can be used to access the api through their credentials . 
  do gfycats count as gifs ? 
  or . gifv files ? 
  then everything sounds awesome . 
  hmm ... from a little bit of googling and searching their github , i found [ this ] ( https://github.com/habitrpg/habitrpg/issues/2724 ) and [ this ] ( https://github.com/habitrpg/habitrpg/blob/d1c1940bdee5136b83042024ed4e921b31f5c4f7/website/src/server.js ) . 
  the former has / u/lefnire and another habitrpg dev mentioning that they do n't currently ( as of the posting of those comments ) support oauth , and more specifically that their mobile app does n't use it . 
  the latter link , which is much more recently updated , has a single comment in it just saying words to the effect of `` we should probably start using oauth at some point ... '' . 
  so my best guess is that they actually do n't properly support oauth right now . 
  perhaps it 's an issue you should raise on their github ? 
   you know , i hate knowing how things work because all i think about is how to defeat that thing . 
  do n't hate it !, 
  wanting to break things with good intentions is exactly what 's necessary !, 
  if you can find a flaw in something , that 's always the first step to fixing the problem . 
  now , it obviously wo n't always be easy to solve , but it 's impossible to solve a problem you do n't even know about . 
  in this case , i suspect many of the existing solutions are probably very , very effective . 
  most people are n't going to alter images before sharing them , and most simple alterations can be detected by advanced video matching software . 
  of course , if they take more extreme measures , it gets tougher . 
  if the whole background gets rotoscoped out , for example . 
  but facial recognition is pretty good these days , so if you set your algorithm with a strong bias towards its fmr ( better to flag as illegal when it 's not , and then have someone manually check and clear it , rather than to have large amounts of illegal content slipping by you ) , you 'll probably detect a lot of stuff . 
  so serious question , i assume you meant 8 minutes/mile over 10 miles ? 
  how does that work out for kilometres and min per k ? 
  eh , it has pretty good maps . 
  a lot of them , especially the ones of cities , are way too stylised and poorly labelled to be useful . 
  baldur 's gate 's map is especially terrible . 
  i feel like neverwinter was pretty well done , and waterdeep is somewhere in between . 
  it 's good , but could do with a * little * more detail . 
  the larger scale maps , both the big one on page 5 , and the smaller ones in the same style as it scattered through the pages look awesome , but still suffer from being poorly labelled . 
  the moonshaes map on 68 , for example ; the isle of gwynneth has just one city labelled ( and one that is apparently canonically in ruins at this point , at that ) , and one vale . 
  none of the other fairly significant cities and towns , no labels for the elven areas mentioned in the text . 
  i feel like a book about one small area of one specific world should have maps that show the location of things that are n't just the absolute biggest of cities . 
  the map you can purchase from the artist 's website has the same problem , only it has the advantage of being absolutely huge in its dimensions , which means you get to see way more detail in the beautiful ( and it is truly stunning to look at ) artwork , but it also makes the minimalistic labelling stand out even more . 
  it 's beautiful art , but i feel that it suffers from much the same problem the text itself does . 
  it 's far too shallow and lacking in detail . 
  but with the text that 's more understandable , because it keeps it more accessible to people who do n't want to read as much or might he put off at the thought of needing to , and also keeps the page count down . 
  more detailed maps would have been so much more beneficial with so little cost . 
   fairy floss or cotton candy ? 
  wait , this is up for debate ? 
  we 're not goddamn yanks . 
  daym , not half bad . 
  no , because hunter 's mark is very different from divine smite , and these marking spells i 'm imagining would be very different from spells like searing smite and blinding smite . 
  it 'll likely end up being a variant ranger . 
  something entirely new not based on the ranger in the phb . 
  as for its release format , who knows . 
  could be any of the ones you mentioned or more . 
  ah right . 
  well yeah , that 's actually what it is . 
  the guy made a mistake and edited it not long after your comment . 
  apparently there 's a new mcu show coming out next week on netflix . 
  maybe you can use that to fill the gap ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out this title . 
  what exactly is bogi ? 
  the name of the performer ? 
  oh , right ... 
  i do n't watch the trailers . 
  i agree with you regarding comics . 
  the necessity of reading multiple different comics is one of the biggest reasons ( among many others ) that i just do n't read comics . 
  and while i enjoy both arrow and the flash , i definitely agree that the more complicated this universe gets , the worse it will be that the cost for people to buy in to the universe will get greater . 
  that said , you do n't really need to watch the flash in order to watch arrow . 
  i might suggest watching episodes where things cross over , but even that is n't especially necessary , at least in as3/fs1 . 
  there are about 5 times that i can think of off the top of my head where arrow characters appear on the flash . 
  * s01e01 , where barry goes to starling at the end to talk with olly , but you 've seen this one already ;, 
  * s01e04 , where felicity visits central city and barry , this one 's mostly unimportant and can be skipped ;, 
  * s01e08 , which is the main crossover episode , you should probably watch this , but the crossover episodes are * mostly * two separate episodes so it 's not utterly essential ;, 
  * s01e18 , where felicity and another character ( that i 'll avoid naming to avoid spoilers ) visit , you can certainly skip this , but i would recommend watching it just because it 's a particularly enjoyable episode , and it also helps develop said character quite substantially ; and, 
  * s01e22 , where oliver very briefly appears at the end to help team up and fight a major flash villain , if you 're not actually watching the flash , this is easily skippable ( but it does help explain an equally brief appearance of barry in a late season 3 episode of arrow , though said appearance really does n't need much explaining ) , i 'd probably * recommend * avoiding this one unless you are otherwise watching the flash . 
  word is that the as4/fs2 primary crossover episodes ( the flash s02e08 , arrow s04e08 ) will be more like one continuous episode than two separate episodes with small linking aspects , so once you get there , you absolutely * will * need to watch both of them . 
  there 's no mention of the different already existing archetypes for fighters in the scag . 
  just some * very * broad and generic stuff , and then the new archetype . 
  wait , so your name is pronounced like `` horna '' ? 
  yeah i thought it was a weird absence , too . 
  they 've got stuff for a few bardic colleges , druidic circles , monastic orders , paladin orders , rangers for different races , different sorcerer origins , warlock patrons , and some wizardly orders . 
  and earlier in the book has heaps of stuff about different gods for clerics to worship . 
  only the barbarian , rogue , and fighter are nearly completely lacking in new meaningful flavour beyond the most broad of generalities .
