  what , you think even the basic * idea * of categorising political opinions on a two-axis graph of economic intervention vs social intervention is a bad one ? 
  holy shit i had no idea that man\u0153uvre at 1:00 was possible !, 
  yeah but , like ... their chips are so much better than everyone else 's . 
  i do n't know what you 're claiming is wrong with the place , but it 's hard for me to believe it 's bad enough to overcome just * how much * better the chips are . 
  yeah i have , and i was actually * really * disappointed with them . 
  i might even say that they were worse than maccas chips , and that 's not a high bar . 
   apparently the more evidence you show them that they are wrong , the more convinced they become they are right . 
  see also : the_donald . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with finding a piece of existing homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  if you 're out in public , you do n't have an expectation of privacy , and thus it can not be violated . 
  the two words are literal opposites . 
  this is quite clearly and objectively better than * acid splash * , and that 's a problem . 
  you 've got the flexibility of both a 1d8 and a 2 \\* d6 , two options which normally require two separate cantrip choices , contained within a single cantrip . 
  sure , there 's the `` bad to use this if you 've got an ally within range and not another enemy '' aspect , but that 's a pretty niche case to begin with , and it does n't negate the fact that you 've still always got the option of just , you know , * not using this spell * in that one particular circumstance . 
  so yeah , this spell is pretty problematic in terms of its design . 
  it 's borderline okay , but it quite definitely is on the wrong side of that border . 
   the implied premise of `` do n't go through the construction site '' is that it 's dangerous . 
  asking `` why not ? '', 
  is asking why it 's dangerous . 
  i see nothing to suggest that is true . 
  there could be many reasons not to go through the construction site , and the most obvious one that comes to my mind is * not * that it 's dangerous . 
  this comment is being removed . 
  keep your godwinning off this subreddit . 
  the mystic also has two other things going against it . 
  one is that there are a ** lot ** of people out there with knee-jerk reactions against psionics purely on concept . 
  and the other is the group of people with issues about the balance of the class : notably , that it seems * as good as * a bunch of other classes at the things those classes are good at . 
  in an irv vote , i strongly suspect the fighter would end up quite high up there . 
  i reckon the wizard would end up winning though . 
  classes with an intensely strong favourite following but more niche appeal due to a specific flavour , which do well in fptp , like the warlock , bard , and paladin , would probably do much less well in irv , i suspect . 
  it 's not a proper d20 though . 
  20 and 19 should be almost on opposite sides of the die . 
  that large d20 is * massively * unbalanced . 
   * legislate for gay marriage ( in fact put it in the damn constitution ), 
  what , no . 
  do n't put it in the constitution . 
  it does n't need to be there ( the current definition is n't ) , and to do it would * require * the incredibly expensive and hate filled campaign that everyone was already arguing * against * regarding the plebiscite . 
  a simple amendment to the marriage act is all that 's needed . 
  this post is being removed for borderline breaking rule 1 , but mainly for breaking post requirement 3 . 
  if you can repost this with a useful and descriptive title , it will be allowed . 
  also use the correct flair . 
  if you want my suggestion though , do n't allow it . 
  do n't even consider allowing it . 
  encouraging players to go looking for material on dandwiki is just a bad idea , and it should be nipped right in the bud . 
  have a blanket ban on anything from that site . 
   conner gets his powers from the sun because he 's ( part ) alien . 
  m'gann gets her powers because she 's an alien . 
  that 's not an explanation of where they get their powers from . 
  it 's an explanation of * why * they have powers . 
  the sun being a source that enables superman to fly makes exactly as much sense as the `` speed force '' allowing speedsters to speed . 
  and martians do n't have * any * justification for why they can fly , change size , transform , turn invisible , and move shit with their minds . 
  none of that stuff is in any way better than running really fast , which in this universe is the * only * power speedsters have ( well , that and phasing through things ) . 
  `` they 're alien '' is not an explanation for why they can float in mid air or exert control over things they are not touching . 
  it breaks physics just as much . 
   manhandling passengers is a big problem, 
  the thing i have n't seen discussed anywhere is what were they * supposed * to do ? 
  i mean given the situation as it was set up ( obviously the best case scenario would not see that situation in the first place ) . 
  they 've told a passenger that he has to disembark the plane , and he 's refusing . 
  if he refuses to follow their legal orders , how are they * supposed * to get him off the plane ? 
   manhandling passengers is illegal, 
  this may sound like i 'm trying to defend united , and i 'm not , i 'm legitimately asking . 
  what were they supposed to do in the situation ? 
  they had asked him to get off the plane , something they were quite within their rights to do , as i understand it . 
  he refused to follow the order . 
  how do you force someone to leave * without * `` manhandling '' ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
   the abs used an encryption method ( sha-1 ), 
  huh ? 
  sha is not an encryption method . 
  it 's in the * name * ; it 's a * hashing algorithm * . 
  the census had it as an available option for validating the certificate of the website . 
  you can , in your own local browser , simply refuse to allow that as one of the options , and you 'll be entirely secure , since tls requires both ends to agree on protocols . 
  and it certainly has * nothing * to do with how data is stored at their end . 
  and even then , when we talk about vulnerabilities in cryptographic algorithms , they 're nearly always much less severe than they might sound . 
  the theoretical complexity of sha-1 , including its weakening by vulnerabilities , is still over 2 ^ ( 60 ) . 
  that 's well over 10 ^ ( 18 ) , or a quintillion possible values . 
  literally the first time a collision in sha-1 was * ever * found was in february * this year * . 
  and that * one * attack required the equivalent of 6500 * years * of cpu time . 
  when cryptographers recommend moving away from an algorithm , it 's always a long , * long * time before it becomes strictly necessary . 
  it 's specifically so that , by the time a * significant * vulnerability is found , everyone has already moved on , rather than that being when people * start * moving on . 
  yes , the world needs to move on from sha-1 . 
  yes , anyone who * has n't * moved on should be criticised for it . 
  but you also should not pretend that the problem is worse than it is , and it 's * definitely * not a good reason for refusing to participate in the census . 
  it 's not like they were using md5 or sha-0 . 
  you really should not be getting so up in arms about something about which you have absolutely no idea , if i 'm going to be honest . 
  edit : i should also speak a little bit about the probable reason that they left sha-1 in as an option . 
  as their main goal is , of course , to get everyone in the entire country to participate , they need to support everyone . 
  anyone still on windows xp sp2 or older * needed * sha-1 support in order to have any security whatsoever . 
  so did anyone on android froyo or older . 
  government websites , especially ones like the census , need to be able to cater to even the 85 year old grandma with the same computer she 's had for 15 years . 
  as an additional note , you can easily verify which hashing algorithm , cypher , etc. 
  was used in establishing your connection with a website , if you 're particularly concerned about security . 
  i had exactly the same thing happen to me when i was overseas for a few months . 
  when i got back and saw the letter i sent in the reply along with a letter explaining the situation . 
  more than a month after the potential selection for a case was supposed to occur according to what i received . 
  i never heard anything back from them . 
  no fine or gaol time or anything . 
  the economics are actually against nuclear in australia , now .
