   the children born to tieflings after that rite were devil-born . 
  the true-breeding scions of asmodeus . 
  a hundred years ago , a body might have a little devil blood , and mixing with the right mortals would thin it out . 
  mortals do n't breed straight down , after all . 
  not even with fiendish blood in them . 
  now a dozen generations could go by , but the result will be the same . 
   mortals do n't breed straight down -- but tieflings , ah tieflings were the exception . 
  tieflings did n't mix , did n't dilute . 
  a human and an elf might beget a half-elf , but no matter who laid down with a tiefling -- human , elf , orc -- the result was another tiefling . 
  so it looks like this is another case of the wiki being somewhat out of date . 
  that vast majority of tieflings whose bloodlines trace back to before asmodeus 's apotheosis have strong blood . 
  but perhaps those few tiefling bloodlines that have been recently created might be able to dilute the bloodline over time , resulting in them potentially flairing up on occasion just like with sorcerous bloodlines . 
  the / r/videos thread had some amusing comments . 
  one person said :, 
   90 % of women on college campus are having sex with 30 % of the men regularly . 
  while 70 % of men arent having regular sex . 
  when asked for a source for this rather outlandish claim , they provided two links , to some random wordpress blog , and a site called `` hookingupsmart.com '' . 
  bloody hilarious !, 
  huh . 
  i 'm a bit confused then . 
  if automod removed it , should n't it have been instantaneous ? 
  this showed up in my feed at some point on my phone , but i did n't notice it at the time . 
  hours later when i went to my phone without refreshing the page , i saw this and clicked on it , when i saw that it was removed . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  also consider this a warning to next time to follow our useful and descriptive titles policy . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
  this was definitely the first thing i thought of . 
  shit dude , congrats !, 
  and here 's to keeping them off !, 
  see you in century club in a year !, 
  saw turnbull on the news saying that they 'd change the security stuff so that it would disturb passengers less . 
  plus , even when it was at its peak , brisbane did n't seem to be hit as badly as sydney was . 
  i reckon one hour is probably going to be just fine . 
  eh , fair enough . 
  not sure what happened , then . 
   a hoax, 
  fuckin ' trolls have been vandalising wikipedia again , i see . 
  hi sorry , but this subreddit is n't the place for homebrewery tech support . 
  you should contact its creator , / u/stolksdorf , or use the service 's own built in [ issue tracker ] ( https://github.com/stolksdorf/homebrewery/issues ) . 
  thanks . 
   my fiancee , ryan, 
  whoever did the transcribing fucked up significantly here . 
  the difference between fianc\u00e9 and fianc\u00e9e rarely matters , but when it 's about a same-sex partner who is never explicitly addressed as same sex , and the only indication of their gender is the spelling of the word fianc\u00e9 ( e ) , that tiny difference makes a huge difference to the interpretation of the thing ... 
  lol wtf man ... money is useful in politics * only as a way to convince more people to vote for you * . 
  if you ca n't get the votes , it does n't matter how much money you 've got . 
  journalists have a much less direct path to us . 
  an unpopular journalist can be propped up by corporate interests if they want to for ulterior reasons . 
  they can pay to put the show at optimal times , or following on from/preceding popular other shows . 
  they can pay for the show to stay on air even without a substantial audience , as a way to have a voice for their platform that , even if it is n't directly watched a lot , still gets things talked about by other programmes . 
  they also often do n't have an accurate idea of how popular they are . 
  politicians face direct elections every few years . 
  journos have vague estimates based on tv ratings , newspaper circulation numbers , page clicks , etc. 
   ~ ~ daytime ~ ~ sky ~ ~ news ~ ~ does n't exactly have stellar ratings, 
  i mean , it 's on foxtel . 
  foxtel 's penetration is pretty insignificant compared to free to air ( and even svod , which has nearly double the number of users in australia as foxtel ) . 
  only about 30 % of people have it . 
  ( contrast with the us , where it 's over 80 % , or many parts of western europe , where it 's over 50 % . ), 
  then of course even those with foxtel are going to be split among the hundreds of different channels featuring dozens of completely different types of programming -- news , films , kids ' , reality , sport , etc. 
  -- and i 'd be surprised if * any * individual programme on any individual channel has stellar ratings . 
  edit : fixed formatting, 
  i mean , if you 're allowing bluetooth to count , then apple does all three , since bluetooth is an open standard . 
  the original pixel is still best in class imo , and well worth getting . 
  why ca n't you render that shit right . 
  when did the n4 bootloop issues start ? 
  i had mine until i got a pixel and never had that problem . 
  power button failing to work correctly , sure . 
  phone restarting randomly during camera use , yup . 
  general slowdown and battery life shrinkage , of course . 
  but no bootloops . 
  how do you deal with :, 
  switching from listening on your phone to your laptop to your desktop ? 
  switching your phone from your headphones to your car ? 
  interesting . 
  and what headphones have you got ? 
  it was obvious that thus would happen . 
  the problem is n't whether site or subreddit rules are shown first . 
  the problem is that users have to go through two or three separate screens before they can give a legitimate report . 
  the old system , where everything was on a single page , with the most common things available front and centre , worked * perfectly * . 
  why would you take this enormous step backwards ? 
  honestly ? 
  i think encounter at farpoint is a pretty great intro . 
  it has a strange alien creature , a problem solved primarily through talk and philosophy , but also a bit of light action to keep things interesting . 
  measure of a man might also be a great pick , but i 'm a little hesitant because it may rely too much upon a pre-existing relationship with the characters . 
  i would * highly * recommend against the inner light . 
  it 's an astonishingly good episode , but a terrible introduction . 
  it is so very different from most other episodes , and it also relies a lot on having an established relationship with the characters . 
   just like apple 's software is n't as good or well marketed ? 
  stuff that . 
  the main reason i 'm am apple customer is because of how well their os interacts with their hardware , and because of how good the mac exclusive software is , especially final cut pro . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  this includes requests for someone to make something new , requests for pointers on where to find existing material , and advice for how to create new content . 
  you might want to try posting a comment in the latest arcana forge megathread , which is pinned at the top of the subreddit , or searching the subreddit using both [ google ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=site:reddit.com/r/unearthedarcana ) and [ reddit 's own built in search ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unearthedarcana/search?restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all ) . 
  best of luck .
