  * g , vowel , consonant = soft g, 
  * g , vowel , consonant , vowel = soft g, 
  * g , vowel , vowel = soft g, 
  * g , vowel , consonant , consonant = hard g, 
  * g , vowel , consonant , soft g = soft g ( where the second g is determined to be soft based on another one of these rules ), 
  * g , consonant = hard g, 
  there are probably exceptions even to this , but i doubt there are many . 
  the simple fact is that pronouncing `` gif '' with a hard g is just illogical based on most common english pronunciation conventions . 
  never mind the fact that the developers named it with a soft g. 
  it 's soft drink , bitch . 
  yeah , and g needs to be followed by either a consonant , or a vowel then two consonants to be pronounced as a hard g . this rule does n't always apply , but in general it 's accurate . 
  scuba is n't pronounced with the same u as in underwater , is it ? 
  the word that a letter in an acronym stands for is irrelevant to the conversation of how to pronounce said acronym . 
  why do you pronounce scuba how it 's pronounced , rather than with the same u as in underwater ? 
  how the individual words would be pronounced is completely irrelevant to how the acronym should be pronounced . 
  soft drink . 
  the queen is the official head of state of a number of countries , the united kingdom , australia , and canada are amongst those . 
  she has the ability to dissolve parliament . 
  technically , she is the one that calls elections and names ministers , though this is nearly always done at the request of the prime minister . 
  the pm is in effect the leader of the party with the most power in the house of commons/representatives ( depending on the country ) . 
  in countries other than the uk , she is represented by the governor general , who acts on her behalf . 
  it was in fact the governor general that dismissed the whitlam government in 1975 . 
  the queen herself took no stance on it , as far as i know . 
  i read it online initially , and always read linux as `` leyenux '' , but the first time i said it to a person ( in an extra curricula computer club at school ) i got laughed at ... 
  fair enough , guess there are probably enough counterexamples to render my former general statement false . 
  i would disagree with you that because it can go either way , we should turn to the expanded form . 
  i would say we should turn to the way the creators of the format said it should be pronounced , as well as the one that 's more easy to say . 
  i do n't suppose you know what ( if any ) measures australia takes in this regard ? 
  do our courts have the same power as yours in the us ? 
  or are we more like the uk , but without a house of lords to prevent majoritarianism ? 
  a variety ! = all, 
  the same as in the uk can be said about australia . 
  our senate is relatively weak , and usually if something passes the reps it will also pass the senate , so once something passes reps we generally talk about it as having `` passed '' . 
  i misread the number of questions and thought question 4 . was `` how large is the average ladybug '' . 
  that got me really weirded out . 
  i got laughed at by the teacher , actually - . -, 
  more of a sarcastic , `` is n't that weird '' , laugh , rather than a `` let 's make fun of the guy that 's different '' laugh , though . 
  so it was all good . 
  regarding sky colouring . 
  all i have to say is : wat . 
  you mean arsehole , right ? 
  it 's one thing to use us spellings , it 's completely different to expect everyone else to . 
  you know what 's even more useful than being able to read edits ? 
  not being a dick who expects everyone to spell words the same way he does . 
  ( this is n't aimed at you mysteries , it 's aimed at the guy you replied to ), 
  awesome , thanks for the info . 
  huh , odd . 
  i was on their website recently and went through their list of other countries , and nearly all of them seemed to say `` gamestop '' . 
  from [ this page ] ( https://ebgames.com.au/ ) , down the bottom :, 
  austria : gamestop, 
  canada : gamestop ( that 's what the url says , until now i just assumed it was actually called gamestop . 
  turns out the link actually redirects to an eb games url ), 
  denmark : gamestop, 
  finland : gamestop, 
  france : micromania, 
  germany : gamestop, 
  ireland : gamestop, 
  italy : gamestop, 
  new zealand : eb games, 
  norway : gamestop, 
  portugal : gamestop, 
  spain : gamestop, 
  sweden : gamestop, 
  switzerland : gamestop, 
  uk : gamestop, 
  us : gamestop, 
  i went to a few of the european ones and they were all gamestop . 
  it would seem us ebers are in the minority . 
  i read this with the voice of the `` in a world '' guy for some reason ... 
   and having to use your mouse and keyboard, 
  that 's kind of it ... i happen to far prefer using a mouse over a controller . 
  you 've got much better control over where you 're going and where your gun points , i find . 
  it 's also cheaper because i do a few things that need a high-spec computer anyway , so i do n't have to buy an additional console on top of it . 
  it 's also not just `` a few exclusive games '' it 's whole genres . 
  i really enjoy rts games , they used to be my absolute favourite , and they 're still up there . 
  it 's a genre that just does n't exist on consoles in any real way . 
  if i had to pick xbox or ps , i 'd go ps in a heartbeat . 
  far more comfortable controller , * far * better exclusives , better network . 
  that 's all my opinion , of course , but particularly with the games , there is n't a single xbox exclusive that interests me in the slightest , but i really wish i was able to play games like two souls and heavy rain on my pc . 
  true , but that 's not the things he 's probably talking about . 
  i do photo and video editing ( admittedly , i do these two almost exclusively on a mac , but then i also occasionally play games on it , too ) , i compose music , i 'm currently at uni doing software engineering . 
  none of those things can be done on a console yet , and i ca n't see them being easy to use for that stuff in the near future . 
  yeah , there are a heap of ps3 exclusives i really wish i could play ( you mentioned journey , i 'd like to add heavy rain and two souls to the mix ) , but other than that i 'm really happy as a pc gamer . 
  wait i 'm confused , does this place * actually * hit customers ? 
  i assumed it was just a clever marketing ploy from the pizza place , to imply that `` amy 's baking company '' hits people . 
  on what tv show ? 
  the main part of op 's statement was, 
   when i read about gang rapes , kidnappings , and other terrible atrocities committed almost exclusively by immigrants in those countries , it worries me, 
  now , i do n't know if that is actually an accurate assessment of the situation , but if he is , then that 's an issue that needs to be addressed , that you have n't done so . 
  if it 's not accurate , then some data to show that it 's not true would probably help op . 
   have you considered that stories of immigrants committing crimes garner far more press than those committed by native citizens, 
  this is what i would believe is likely . 
  additionally , it could be because immigrants are in worse-off economic positions , and that is what causes them to commit crimes more , not the fact that they are immigrants with a different culture . 
  i 'm curious , then , what [ is this ] ( http://www.gamestop.co.uk/ ) ? 
  maybe only northern ireland ? 
  macs still have a distinct advantage with the software . 
  there are no significant media editors exclusive to windows , but final cut , logic , and aperture are used by large numbers if professionals . 
  even if it 's not your preferred tool , in many cases you need to be able to work with people who do use these programs , and for that you 'll need a mac . 
  no , it does n't . 
  not in office , anyway .
