  that thought is based on the fact that i always hear americans talk about how bad service is in europe or australia , despite my own experiences to the contrary , as well as a few other conversations with them ( often on reddit ) . 
  no it 's not , it 's a way of preventing them from having to go to the effort to find the two cents worth of change . 
  ( on a related note , you guys really need to get rid of your lowest denomination coins . ), 
  i saw a thread a while back that said that queuing in that way is actually much more efficient and will get all customers served much faster than having separate queues . 
  not sure exactly why it works , but apparently it does . 
  not quite correct . 
  if they are paid below the minimum wage , * but do not make up the difference in tips * , then the employer must pay the difference up to the standard minimum wage . 
  i usually prefer not to have my drink filled , but i do regularly find myself being offered and then turning down the offer . 
  [ this may interest you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cucssjwo3gu ) . 
  i got an assignment due tomorrow , and an exam , so i probably wo n't do anything more than make my character tonight ( game went up at 8:00 pm here ) , if that . 
  but i just want to say that i timed my update * perfectly * . 
  [ less than a minute after i took this screenshot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vhf8qaa.png ) , the update was completed . 
  yeah i actually brought it up in the comments there a few times . 
  i found it really odd that he said such a coin could n't work in standard machines , but ours work fine in my experience . 
  better than what they had during the last beta . 
  at that point the * only * item was the sword . 
  now they 've put back the mace and destruction staff , which is nice . 
  still wish they had a bow and resto staff , though . 
  he 's always sounded like dumbledore to me , indoor and out . 
  helps that he 's voiced by sir michael gambon , the guy that plays dumbledore in harry potter 3 + . 
   achilles tendon piercing, 
  oh god , i physically winced when i read that . 
  but i agree , body modifications are n't * necessarily * bad , but they certainly * can * be indicative of poor decision making in some cases . 
  itt : people are criticising a game that they have n't played based on a few videos and screenshots , despite the reactions of most people who have played a significant amount of the game being highly positive . 
  it 's an mmo set in the elder scrolls universe . 
  combat is very similar to skyrim , with a few improvements here and there , especially regarding the use of skills ( more like oblivion ) . 
  you 're able to explore the world , follow the storyline , do random quests , etc. , exactly like you would in a normal tes game , only this time you can party up with friends if you want . 
  it 's a bit weird how you 've got dozens of `` chosen ones '' around you , but it 's not too hard to ignore that and concentrate on the story and the experience . 
  it 's certainly not the `` future of mmos '' or anything amazing like that , but neither is it anything close to being yet another wow clone . 
  please do n't listen to the masses here . 
  it seems that for whatever reason , the wider reddit community has had a hate-boner for this game for a very long time . 
  come over to / r/elderscrollsonline if you want to seriously discuss the game . 
  you 're not going to get good discussion here . 
  come over to / r/elderscrollsonline for some more discussion . 
  long story short : if you like the elder scrolls series , then there 's a very good chance you will like this game . 
  especially if you see something like this picture and are n't immediately repulsed by the idea . 
  unless it 's changed since the betas , there are no loot rules . 
  drops are instanced per player , so you ca n't accidentally steal someone else 's drops or vice versa . 
  things like chests , however , are seen globally , and it 's first come first serve . 
  so please remember to be polite , and if you 're in a group fighting mobs , and you get to the chest first , only take stuff that 's useful for your character . 
  yeah i played the last three betas , and on the first especially i played nearly nonstop from when i downloaded it till when it ended . 
  it was just so damn fun . 
  i did n't even sleep saturday night . 
  have you even * looked * at eso ? 
  there are no arrows or bullets in it ( if you 're referring to having to keep a stock of ammo ) . 
  hit or not hit works identically to skyrim : i.e. , based on your aim . 
  do n't criticise a game you have n't even done research on , let alone actually played . 
  i 've only played in the last three betas , but it definitely never had ammo stuff or rngs for hit/miss . 
  it * did * have a lack of collision detection at first , but that got added in during the later beta sessions . 
  edit : come on people , do n't downvote the guy here . 
  he even specifically mentioned he 's willing to change his opinion if more facts are presented . 
  remember [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette ) . 
  fair enough then . 
  not everyone is going to enjoy every game . 
  but this thread on the whole is spreading a lot of mistruths about the game , and is clearly mostly made up of people who have n't played it , or played it at most a few hours . 
  yeah same . 
  got an assignment for uni due tomorrow , plus an exam . 
  really wish i was playing . 
  wow that 's ... really really strange . 
  my story was similar , in the sense that it was about assemblies in school . 
  my second last year of highschool , we got a new principal and deputy . 
  these guys are both proper british posh private school teachers , and they 've decided to enforce a new rule that we all have to be absolutely silent while in our seats waiting for the assembly to start . 
  from the time the first students start sitting down until the actual assembly starts is like 10 minutes , but we have to keep absolutely silent for the duration of it . 
  what 's the reference ? 
  wow that really was the opposite . 
  i actually went into it expecting it to be meh . 
  i certainly never anticipated i would end up buying the game . 
  but yeah , different people enjoy different things , so fair enough . 
  mate , i do n't know what 's gone wrong with the other guy to make him so pissy , but seriously do n't listen to him . 
  it 's perfectly fine that some people may not like the game . 
  that 's to be expected . 
  but it 's nothing near as bad as what he seems to be implying . 
  gameplay is nearly identical to skyrim . 
  some improvements , some things that are more bothersome . 
  the story -- or at least , what we were able to play of the story during the beta -- is the same quality as previous games . 
  it does a great job of being faithful to existing lore : adding references to past games and stories , as well as adding new ones . 
  now , the storyline does involve you being `` the chosen one '' ( the same as oblivion and skyrim ) , and it can be a weird experience when doing quests and having other `` chosen ones '' all running around doing the same thing . 
  but honestly , because of how they 've got it set up ( the way instancing works , how you interact with chat , etc. 
  ) , it 's really easy to ignore that oddity and treat the other players as if they are n't actually chosen ones , but are instead other people out for an adventure or something . 
  it was also , during the last beta , very buggy . 
  i have n't managed to play much this time around yet , but hopefully they 've ironed out most of the bugs . 
  if they have n't , they certainly will do so within a few weeks . 
  none of the bugs i experienced during the last beta were game-breaking , though ( earlier betas certainly did have game-breaking bugs , like quest bosses not appearing ) . 
  as i said before , if you 're interested in it , then it 's definitely worth looking at . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i 've been really busy so i have n't played beyond the first few minutes of the tutorial . 
  seems odd to me that they 'd let you keep the destro staff , while moving the bow , though . 
  only windows support so far , though . 
  no mac or * linux . 
  they say that 's coming soon , though . 
  android and ios are supported , but not windows phone . 
  for some reason they decided it was worth developing a blackberry version , though . 
  edit : fuck , reading this is painful . 
  why did i end nearly every sentence with `` though '' ? 
  pretty sure reddit itself implemented comment saving for non-gold users a little while ago . 
  they must comply with local laws , but that does n't mean they ca n't dispermit certain usage . 
  it 's not against local laws to stop people distributing any particular type of content , however in some areas it may be against the law to distribute copyrighted content without the copyright holder 's permission . 
  last week 's gruen planet had a really good piece about this . 
  they talked about how the australian psyche does n't like people who are pretentious and posh , but they appreciate people who put themselves down/humble themselves . 
  by being `` a little bit fancy '' , maccas is putting themselves down in a cheeky way , but also getting across the message that the meal is , supposedly , of a higher quality .
