  it 's quite a lot . 
  there are fantastic moments , of course , but not every moment can or should be that . 
  to steal a comment from someone in the / r/classicalmusic thread on this post :, 
   i do n't think being forgettable is a bad trait in itself . 
  if it fits the scene then it 's still good because on many occasions it 's really not a terrible thing for the music to sit in the background . 
  whilst i get that it 's always nice to have good music , trying to constantly have earworms in the background would be ott imo . 
  not every moment can be a binary sunset or imperial march . 
  take a look at episode vii and you 'll see * fantastic * scoring . 
  right from the beginning , after the fanfare , the first major bit of music you hear is as kylo ren comes down in his ship , his theme is played loudly and prominently , and it reappears throughout the film . 
  the other really prominent new motif is rey 's theme , which equally does a fantastic job of defining her character in some really clever ways . 
  i can easily hum either kylo 's or rey 's themes from that movie , because on my second watch through i made sure to pay attention to it . 
  i suspect by the time episode ix is out on dvd , assuming john williams makes it through to the end , most people will have as much familiarity with these themes as they do with the force theme or vader 's theme . 
  it just takes a little longer for someone not actively trying to notice it . 
  if you 're interested , [ here is a series of reviews of episode vii 's score ] ( http://orchestrationonline.com/category/orchestration-reviews/star-wars/ ) from a professional orchestrator which i believe is quite accessible even to non-musicians , and focusses in-depth on different elements of the score . 
   sw7 soundtrack is likely placed under the marvel type soundtrack because it does fill the criteria for ` blandness ' . 
  not to mention , disney now owns both so you can expect more of the same in the next sw movies . 
  actually , with respect , i think you 're wrong . 
  i think the most recent star wars had a * fantastic * score . 
  but i 've seen the argument you 're making come up quite often . 
  a big part of it , in my opinion is the fact that we 've seen the original 6 films so many times , we 're just used to them . 
  we know all the themes off by heart , and the music in them is almost more of an * idea * than something we actually analyse . 
  but try analysing it . 
  next time you watch them , pay attention to how much comparatively bland background music there is . 
  it 's quite a lot . 
  there are fantastic moments , of course , but not every moment can or should be that . 
  to steal a comment from someone in the / r/classicalmusic thread on this post :, 
   i do n't think being forgettable is a bad trait in itself . 
  if it fits the scene then it 's still good because on many occasions it 's really not a terrible thing for the music to sit in the background . 
  whilst i get that it 's always nice to have good music , trying to constantly have earworms in the background would be ott imo . 
  not every moment can be a binary sunset or imperial march . 
  take a look at episode vii and you 'll see * fantastic * scoring . 
  right from the beginning , after the fanfare , the first major bit of music you hear is as kylo ren comes down in his ship , his theme is played loudly and prominently , and it reappears throughout the film . 
  the other really prominent new motif is rey 's theme , which equally does a fantastic job of defining her character in some really clever ways . 
  i can easily hum either kylo 's or rey 's themes from that movie , because on my second watch through i made sure to pay attention to it . 
  i suspect by the time episode ix is out on dvd , assuming john williams makes it through to the end , most people will have as much familiarity with these themes as they do with the force theme or vader 's theme . 
  it just takes a little longer for someone not actively trying to notice it . 
  i agree with the points you made in the general sense of modern filmmaking . 
  i just do n't agree with specifically calling out the music in star wars vii as an example . 
  if you 're interested , [ here is a series of reviews of episode vii 's score ] ( http://orchestrationonline.com/category/orchestration-reviews/star-wars/ ) from a professional orchestrator which i believe is quite accessible even to non-musicians , and focusses in-depth on different elements of the score . 
  oh awesome , thanks !, 
  i skimmed the description but must have missed it among all the other credits :\\, 
   you should post this to, 
  you okay buddy ? 
  edit : he edited it, 
  it 's already been posted to / r/videos , / r/dc _ cinematic , and a few others . 
  the comments are predictably poor . 
  lot of praising of zimmer , a fair bit of criticising star wars vii , etc. 
  actually most uas tend to err on the side of overpowered . 
  look at the weapon feats that * all * got +1 bonuses . 
  two sorcerer subclasses got extra spells , despite wizards ' own recommendation against doing that . 
  that fighter subclass that allowed for unlimited opportunity attacks . 
  i 'm * believe * mearls has actually spoken on this matter at some point . 
  they like to aim high , because it 's easier to remove things later than to add new things in . 
  i think the biggest thing that can be said about the warforged is that it was the * very first * ( or maybe second ) ua . 
  they were still finding their footing back then , and they were in general quite low quality work compared to the later uas . 
  you 're in / r/knowyourshit , a meta subreddit that just links to other subs like til , lpt , etc. 
  you 'll find the comments in those other subreddits . 
  hold ctrl or command when you click them and they open in a new tab . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's exactly the same as on firefox ... 
  it 's really nothing . 
  they 're either paranoid or ideological absolutists . 
  so , paranoid it is then . 
  you are aware that google does n't actually give information to the saudi government , right ? 
  or any government , for that matter . 
  no , he just pronounced `` art '' as `` yart '' . 
  it 's one of the many jokes that could be taken from the post . 
  there are some weird formatting mistakes in this . 
  if you 're putting a note to dms , that should go in an aside : a `` note '' , as the homebrewery editor calls it . 
  the spell list should be a table , not an aside . 
  do n't use first level headings . 
  those are for if you 're writing a whole new chapter . 
  if you 're just creating one subclass , start with a level 2 heading . 
  you should change the bullet pointed level 5 headings to just level 4 headings -- no bullets . 
  there were some various other weird formatting choices . 
  i 've tried to fix most of them [ in a separate document here ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/bk5cpj_n ) . 
  feel free to click on `` source '' in the top right , and copy and paste all of that into your own version . 
  in terms of content , a general rule for homebrew is that it should never overshadow official content at something core to what that official content does . 
  * the city 's hum * , unfortunately , seems to do this . 
  sure , it does n't function when you 're out of a city , but many campaigns spend a large amount of time in a city , and in this situation , the bard and/or rogue ( i forget which ) ability that gives half proficiency is being overshadowed . 
  if you 're going to give an ability like this , it should be at a * later * level than that which the bard/rogue gets it . 
  * helter skelter * is pretty cool , but i do think that removing the concentration requirement in addition to everything else is probably a bit too much . 
  10th level warlock abilities , in general , are aimed at increasing the warlock 's * defensive * capabilities . 
  reducing damage , immunity to effects , that kind of thing . 
  you should try to think of some way to do that . 
  but even if you do n't , this is another feature that seems like it overshadows rogues and bards . 
  the flexibility in this is a really quite substantial buff . 
  if it worked the same way as it does for them , or if it only granted expertise on the next * one * check with a skill , that would probably be more reasonable . 
  hi , just so you know , you appear to be shadowbanned . 
  this means no one will see your comments unless they are manually approved by a moderator of the subreddit . 
  it 's something that is only supposed to be applied to bots and spammers , no legitimate users should ever be shadowbanned , but in your case , that seems to be what 's happened . 
  you should go to / r/shadowban to learn more and to find out how to try and remedy the situation . 
  are you drunk , bot ? 
  quinn never said `` would/could/should of '' . 
  looks like you need to be checking for word boundaries . 
  that 's usually ` \\ b ` in regex . 
  two extra proficiencies seems reasonable , i guess . 
  the thing regarding half proficiency is , though , that both the bard and rogue are * full classes * dedicated almost entirely to being skill monkeys . 
  if you were making a full class dedicated even more to its skills , then it might be reasonable to let them get that ability earlier , but for an archetype it 's rather problematic to give them that so early . 
  i 'm interested , but you guys do n't charge a fee do you ? 
  i joined a community concert band a while back , but the music selection was only so-so , and then a year after i joined they decided to start charging a fee so i decided it was n't worth continuing .
