  subsidies on coal production , and a lack of cleaner energy is something that can be fixed , but only by a good government . 
  ( well , without government the subsidies would go away , obviously , i 'm mainly talking about the lack of cleaner energy with that . ), 
  the less environmentally friendly sources of energy also happen to be the most profitable , so if it were n't for government there would be even less emphasis on cleaner energy than there is now . 
   climate change is a big issue . 
  i remain unconvinced, 
  seriously . . ? 
  but i would agree with you that private healthcare should be an option , as long as there is a good public option as well . 
  you get the best of both worlds , that way , in my opinion . 
   yes , but you can assess how much progress the students are making , even if they start out at a lower level, 
  a common mistake people make , and a very easy one to fall in to . 
  it simply is n't true that all students have an equal capability for improving an equal amount . 
  how do you , for instance , rank special ed students , or students who have an active disdain for learning ? 
  still , i think if the gates ' foundation is working on a system , then it sounds like it should be a fairly good one . 
   i think that is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  perhaps , i 've never gone to school in britain or america , and have n't been in australia since i was 10 . 
  however , based on some of the reports i 've heard from teachers and in the media , i do n't think this is much of an exaggeration at all , at least in the `` bad '' schools . 
   and kids do n't act up, 
  well , by the time they 're in high school they do n't . 
  you 're absolutely right that it 's a cultural thing , but not quite so much about authority ( it definitely plays a part , but is n't the only thing ) . 
  they respect teachers because they understand that the teachers are what will give their children a good education , and they really want the best education possible for their children . 
  precisely . 
  yes it does . 
  it will upload the updated word document the moment you press save . 
  i 've done this many times , on one computer making graphs or something , and doing the actual typing work on the other . 
  obviously word wo n't update on the new computer in a google drive-like way , you 'll have to close it before you open up the new version after the round-trip , but you do n't have to close it in order for the updated save to be sent to the cloud . 
  funny fact , typically musicians are * good * at maths . 
  for some reason the art of music tends to be ( but by no means is always ) linked with good mathematical ability . 
  at least con artists make for good movies ( and tv ) . 
  your second line is a syllable off . 
  ah : / i hope you 're ok , at least ? 
  but yeah , i get how you feel , i was robbed last two weeks ago , too . 
  and good point with that edit . 
  depending on how far it is you could walk or ride a bike there . 
  plus , those transport costs are inevitably going to be cheaper than a gaming system and games . 
  i do n't know how many books you can get at once , but if you load up you would n't have to pay the transport costs too often . 
  yeah , i 'm fine as well . 
   i hope my tyres were flat, 
  i love the small things that act to try and make life a bit fairer . 
  the only computer that was stolen from us was a really old one i had just recently formatted and put linux on , and the keyboard layout was dvorak . 
   what you mean is , you do n't think enough people will, 
  this is exactly correct . 
   does this mean we will all pollute without mercy ? 
  not to that extreme , but it 's very basic economics that if their marginal private cost of production ( i.e. , the benefit that they get from producing something ) is lower than the marginal social cost ( the cost to society ) , then they will make more than is beneficial for society . 
  economic theory usually ignores people 's emotions , and of course that will play in to things , but for the most part if it is financially beneficial to them to produce more , they will do it . 
  ( edit : [ a quick graph i found demonstrating this effect ] ( http://12congwi.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/negative-externality-of-production-diagram.png ) ), 
   why are the ` dirty ' sources of energy the most profitable ? 
  again the state has made them so . 
  that 's a part of it , but not the whole story . 
  the main reason is economies of scale . 
  because we 've been using these sources for so long , the industry is highly efficient at what it does , and its relative costs are low . 
  renewable sources are much less experienced , and so they do not benefit from economies of scale . 
  it is also the logo used to represent skyrim , just like that rune was used as the oblivion logo . 
  but it is * also being used as the oblivion logo * . 
  yes it 's a daedric rune , and yes that other symbol is primarily the imperial sign ( and , even more accurate it is the seal of akatosh ) . 
  however , these symbols have been used by bethesda as the logo for their games , and thus it is not inaccurate to say that the seal of akatosh is the skyrim logo . 
  have you ? 
  i do n't see it ... 
  yeah , probably . 
  i 've [ seen this before ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j8nzj.jpg ) ( though an even more buried easter egg , it 's in the filesystem . 
  you sure ? 
  that was my thought at first , too , but when i thought it over it seemed too absurd that they would have missed deleting it . 
  yeah , that was what i thought until i saw this post . 
  the two just seemed so alike that one reminded me of the other , so it made me think that might be a joke , too . 
  he 's a politician . 
  reddit seems to love him and his policies , but he 's still a politician , and thats why he wo n't answer questions that would reflect poorly upon him . 
  wow , that 's long . 
  mine ( an international school based largely on the british system , but with the ib taught in the last two years ) went from 8 till 2:40 . 
  yeah , when people are speaking and they say something that sounds like `` would of '' , what they 're really saying is `` would 've '' , which is a contraction of would have . 
  detailed answers to this particular question ? 
  my stance is n't that they do n't give detailed answers , but they will not answer questions in ways that will show them in a positive light . 
  tbh , i think another user 's answer about how there ca n't be any negatives in their own opinion of their platform , since if they ha something they do n't like they would change it . 
  yeah , true . 
  good point . 
  that 's actually around the same amount of time , though . 
  i started at 8 , but you started at 9 . 
  it 's an hour different in starting and finishing times , but same time overall . 
  i 'm sick of this debate about human rights . 
  if you refuse to accept it as a right , then fine . 
  i 'm done with that . 
  yes , i also would not say we should steal food and water from one person in order to allow others to have it , that 's why we have taxes to provide a fair and regular way of funding these things . 
  if you still insist on calling it stealing , then we 're done with this line of conversation , too . 
  perhaps my terminology is somewhat incorrect . 
  the terms right wing and left wing refer to political stances , but especially regarding their economic policies . 
  when i say right wing economics , i mean [ neo-liberalism or an extreme deregulated economy ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/analysis2 ) . 
  besides , that was simply stating my opinion , and trying to say how i can respect people 's different opinions , within reason . 
  i 'm not in north america , so i wo n't take the survey , but just remember that from mexico all the way down to costa rica is generally classed as north america , so if your intention was not including the latin american countries you should make sure you specify that . 
  could you please elaborate on this ? 
  to me they seem to be the same thing . 
  i do n't even see where the logic is in saying programming is n't a real job . 
  i can see why people would say going into the arts is n't a real job ( i vehemently disagree with them , but i can see why they say it ) , but how the hell is programming not a real job ? 
  you do n't ? 
  i know i do . 
   theological noncognitivist, 
  is that kinda like a fancy way of saying it does n't matter ? 
  and australia . 
  hey , at least we can vote third party without wasting our vote !, 
  scumbag god included an auto-updater that ca n't be optionally turned off . 
  i just wish that they would vary the time that they do downtime so it 's not the same people affected by it every time . 
  i was going to mention john williams , but he said from the 50s and onwards . 
  williams was born in the early 30s .
