   and even if you do n't like that , it 's cool !, 
  western animation is beautiful . 
  scripted live action is wonderful . 
  like what you like !, 
  i do n't know whether to go with a `` unless you like reality tv . 
  then you 're wrong '' joke here , or a `` no . 
  if you do n't like what i like you 're wrong '' one . 
  so instead you get a half-hearted attempt at both . 
  there definitely are other sections . 
  critical hits reads as following :, 
   when you score a critical hit , you get to roll extra dice ... 
  and opportunity attacks says :, 
   you can make an opportunity attack when a hostile creature that you can see moves out of your reach . 
  and that 's just on the two pages immediately before the one about death saves . 
  clearly , the word `` you '' is often used in the general sense , as a synonym for `` one '' . 
  so it does n't help / u/us _ bus 's argument in any way . 
  the bit about stabilising a creature ( immediately after the death saving throws section ) also uses the * opposite * language . 
  it describes `` an unconscious creature '' and `` a stable creature '' , which would * seem * to imply it 's possible for non-players to have death saves and become stable . 
  page 198 has a section on monsters and death , which reads :, 
   most dms have a monster die the instant it drops to 0 hit points , rather than having it fall unconscious and make death saving throws . 
   mighty villains and special nonplayer characters are common exceptions ; the dm might have them fall unconscious and follow the same rules as player characters . 
  the bit on monsters and death ( phb pg . 
  198 ) explicitly calls out and gives the dm the option of allowing npcs death saves if they think it worthwhile . 
  commoners , without adjusting the stats from what the published books say , have a maximum of 8 hp . 
  i do n't like the dm 's guild either , and i did n't like when they tried the highlights/reviews thing instead of unearthed arcana articles . 
  but in their defence , the highlights/reviews thing * could * have been a way to have some of that moderation you 're talking about . 
  it did n't fix the fundamental problem of the guild -- that it does n't as a community and platform , encourage iteration based on feedback , and instead promotes publishing material you consider `` final '' , even if it may not have been properly tested or reviewed -- but it at least tried to find some of the better stuff from it and surface that . 
   `` all audio '' listening in the us is roughly 80 % music , 20 % speech, 
  let 's assume australia 's the same , in the absence of evidence to the contrary . 
  that means , if we round radio up to 100 % , podcasts get 10 % of the whole population , while speech radio is 20 % . 
  not a 10th , but * half * when comparing like to like . 
  again , hardly worthy of saying '' [ radio is ] like podcasting , but with people actually listening . '', 
   maximum hp is n't relevant at all, 
  my point was to respond to your assertion that they could have 1 million hp . 
  they * could n't * without specifically changing the rules/homebrewing your own statblock . 
  a commoner could roll a death save if the dm thinks it makes sense . 
  they might be story critical , or a character the pcs have come to care for . 
  i certainly would n't recommend doing it for the random baker . 
  the answer to this is that rogues and bards get multiple expertise . 
  the feat only grants one . 
  plus , it helps fix the enormous problem with the game where it 's possible for a rogue to be better at arcana than a wizard is * possibly * able to become , no matter how hard the wizard tries . 
  despite arcana clearly being an area that should be a wizard 's speciality . 
  let 's be honest , the person doing this is n't using an ide . 
  they 're writing code in microsoft word . 
  not wonder woman ? 
   his thinly-veiled momentary hostility about alex 's having a girlfriend and playing nice because everyone else accepted it, 
  everything else you said in `` the ugly '' section was really well written and convincing . 
  i had n't thought of any of it , but i 'm now totally on board with your theory . 
  but that is * not * how i interpreted that scene , either in my initial watch or just now re-watching it to see if i missed something . 
  he was a little surprised -- who would n't be ? 
  but he played it off with humour and did n't come across to me as hostile at all . 
  my headcanon is that he can pick up subconscious vague emotions without trying , but to actually read the words in someone 's mind he has to intentionally do it . 
  it would mean he can have figured out that alex was gay without having tried , but would n't be reading actual thoughts . 
  yeah i saw that , and it 's supremely unconvincing . 
  a domain that 's as specific as one particular mountain is a poorly thought out idea . 
  domains should generally be quite broad , and applicable to a range of gods . 
  so the concept is a bad one , not a good start . 
  then there 's the mechanics . 
  damage reduction by 5 points ? 
  huh ? 
  that 's a very unidiomatic design for 5e . 
  perhaps it should have been temporary hit points , or simply allow them to have resistance . 
  regardless , damage reduction by a specific amount is n't great design . 
  the level 6 abilities are pretty cool , but again are written in an unidiomatic way . 
  `` once per day '' is a trait magic items have . 
  people get abilities that can only be used once before needing to take a long rest to use it again . 
  the level 8 ability is perfectly fine , and i do n't know or care enough about levels 16 + to comment on the 17th level ability of this . 
  it seems okay though . 
  i 'm most concerned with the low quality * concept * , but the lack of attention to detail in the wording of mechanics is also troublesome , considering they 're asking people to pay upwards of $ 15 . 
  in freely distributed content this is less of a problem ( and even then , should be corrected ) , but even in a $ 1 dungeon master 's guild handbook this quality of work should be unacceptable . 
  it will stop when the most powerful person in the world starts caring about facts and stops spreading outright * lies * to the public . 
  pineapple in cooked food is an abomination and anyone who practises in it should be hanged , drawn , and quartered . 
  i do n't even do that . 
  i just use facebook so rarely that i pop on to it once a day or so while i 'm at my computer . 
  only ever use messenger on my phone . 
  i ca n't figure out what edition of d&d that 's referencing , but there 's no `` whelm '' in the current game . 
  from what little of it i can hear , it seems nice . 
  but the audio on this recording is way too quiet . 
  i 've got my computer and youtube both at full volume and i ca n't hear the quiet bits of it at all . 
  uhh , what trapmaster feat ? 
   one , it provides for a particular game aspect where the dmg is clearly lacking, 
  to be fair , last week 's ua did a * much * better job of this than this week 's did . 
  the dmg has a fair amount of traps in it . 
  not perfect , but not terrible . 
  but it has * no * rules for mass combat , and it 's a sorely needed area of the rules . 
   i could care less about the mystic, 
  just a tip , the expression is `` could n't care less '' . 
  can we not call them trumpeteers ? 
  it makes people who play the trumpet sound bad ( even if they 're technically called trumpeters ) . 
  and it 's such a lovely instrument . 
  correct . 
  drawn . 
  and quartered . 
  other politicians on both sides stretch the truth , exaggerate , put a spin on the story , avoid directly answering questions , and find ways to `` change their mind in the face of new evidence '' . 
  but trump will straight up lie right to your face in response to evidence which clearly and absolutely proves him wrong . 
  he 's in a completely different league to normal politicians when it comes to his reckless disregard for reality . 
  i find pok\u00e9mon utterly unplayable except in an emulator where i can just speed up through the walking , the dramatic openings/closing of combats , etc. 
   it 's the worst thing wotc has put out since 4e, 
  4e was great . 
  fuck off with that edition snobbery .
