  but that reasoning is not very good . 
  git is a good example , or giddy , gift , giga - . 
  there are many counter-examples , and imo the most similar word to `` gif '' is `` gin '' -- which is a soft g -- but the point remains that the `` rule '' stated in your comment is inaccurate . 
  no , gin is closer . 
  gift is adding on an extra letter , which necessarily changes it . 
  gin , like gif , starts with gi , and has only a single extra letter after that -- and that letter is a relatively soft consonant . 
  as a softeng major , i had to do some electrical engineering classes , but those were n't the ones that used matlab . 
  the maths courses ( linear algebra & calculus , multivariate calculus , and stats ) are where it came up . 
  op , * do not read this * . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` you do n't think laurel will eventually get powers of some form ? '' ), 
  i was trying to figure out where i knew her from this whole episode . 
  it was n't until the last time she appeared on screen that i figured it out . 
  that 's only relevant information if the arrows were * thrown * . 
  if we 're talking about someone shooting them from a bow from a low angle , it does n't particularly matter . 
  he 's mixing `` zhu li , do the thing '' from korra with the arrowverse 's fanbase 's tendency to ship felicity with everything . 
  oh holy shit you 're right !, 
  that was so bloody brilliantly planned !, 
  wait what ? 
  did she appear somewhere other than at the end of this episode ? 
  also not to be a downer , but where 's wally relies on specifically confusing you by putting similar-looking people/shapes in the very crowded scene . 
  something just being hidden in shadows ( which is what i presume she was ) is n't really the same thing . 
  it would n't be all that far-fetched . 
  normal earplugs muffle the lower frequencies far more than higher ones . 
  professional musicians often use special ones designed to dampen evenly across the spectrum . 
  so it is n't too hard to believe that one could get something that blocks out only the higher frequencies . 
  that 's really cool !, 
  yes . 
  adding the t which is a hard sharp consonant , changes it . 
  whole substituting one soft consonant for another does n't . 
  wow that was a good watch !, 
  thanks for that . 
  i think you 're looking for uruk-hai , not ukak-ai . 
   guy really hates ~ ~ change ~ ~ progress . 
  you just know he 's thinking xerox . 
  at this point , i almost feel it 's not even worth correcting these people . 
  9 times out of 10 it 's willful ignorance of the truth . 
  [ i was thinking more along the lines of this ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/0/77/984888-hercules2.gif ) . 
  as a related question , what is the new photos app going to be like ? 
  i 've always used aperture because i far preferred its interface and workflow to lightroom 's . 
  is photos going to be sufficient for a serious hobbyist in the new version ? 
  \u2584 \u2591 \u2590 \u2591 \u2591 \u2591 \u2584 \u2584 \u2591 \u2588 \u2591 \u2580 \u2580 spooked again, 
  why is his green , and mine goes all weird . . ? 
  all i did was copy and paste the source ... 
   guess my country gets shafted, 
  you do n't know the * meaning * of shafted !, 
  sincerely , australia . 
  dunno where you are , but it 's exactly the same here in aus . 
  it relies on previous knowledge that a ) men perform better in physical stasis on average than women , and b ) in western culture , blue is associated with men , and pink with women . 
  the worst thing about this is that the solution does n't help solve the ambiguity . 
  if you see someone write biennial , sure , then you know exactly what they mean , but if they write biannual , you do n't know if they know about the option of biennial or not . 
  can someone give me context in which cleave could mean stick ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of it like that . 
  i 've only ever heard it mean cut in half , usually in medieval/fantasy settings . 
   be me, 
   big bad ork captain, 
   have 100 orks under my command, 
   that means we can be wiped out by the hero in around thirty swings of his sword, 
   come up with plan, 
   confiscate all the ork spears, 
   give them pitchforks, 
   orks are hesitant, 
   call them super-triple-death spears, 
   tell them we will declare war on the earth, 
   one hundred orks are now stabbing the earth, 
   tell them to rub seeds in the wounds to make the earth suffer more, 
   hero comes by, 
   sees my ork band, 
   figures they are just farmers and ignores us, 
   goes off to slaughter the wizard and the rest of the army, 
   in victory we feast on turnips !, 
  ftmfy, 
  solid and flexible are not mutually exclusive . 
  if you 're on a smartphone you should just get an app that lets you turn the flash on . 
  no need for workarounds with the video editor . 
  slightly related , i have in the past navigated in the dark using my dslr 's autofocus . 
  when you half press the shutter , it shines a bright light that it uses to help focus by . 
  if you see elsewhere , he was using a 35 mm film camera . 
  but anyway , if you 're using a smartphone , there 's no need to go through workarounds with video recording . 
  just get an app specifically designed to turn on the flash , and do nothing else . 
  what 's the difference between a religion and a cult ? 
  in a cult , the people at the top know it 's fake . 
  in a religion , those people died a long time ago . 
  [ a common myth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmu1vxn8bqu ) . 
  op , in order for it to display correctly , separate paragraphs need to have a full line of blank space between them . 
   line one, 
   line two, 
  the above was produced by, 
   line one, 
   line two, 
  to clarify , the css on / r/dndgreentext turns blockquotes ( lines preceded by '  ' ) into 4chan-like green text . 
  op 's problem was that he did n't put a blank line between paragraphs . 
  ah right , yeah . 
  unfortunately , if you 're using a mobile app , it 'll just display the same as standard blockquotes . 
  am i the only one who 's always thought that name was kinda dumb ? 
  oh no , what happened to poor wikibot . 
  i just wan na know why an australian is using the word cookie for something that is n't used on websites to maintain a consistent state . 
  but i 'll pass the info on to friends on facebook , because why the hell not ? 
  aerophone is a musical instrument classification term . 
  it has a very precise meaning . 
  incidentally , if we 're using instrument classification , brass instruments are equally closely related to clarinets as clarinets are to flutes .
