  there are many reasons to listen to audio with one ear . 
  maybe it 's a podcast , or maybe you 're on a phone call . 
  heck , maybe it 's just for navigation . 
  i did n't even know it actually had a * meaning * in french , it 's just quite clearly got a french origin . 
  to be fair , we probably do the same thing here in australia with our aboriginal names . 
  that 's how bad it is , i do n't even know if we do . 
  there are plenty of names that are clearly aboriginal , but i do n't know how close our pronunciation is to their traditional names . 
  i must say , though , i learned that i appreciate pyne for one thing . 
  he has a decent knowledge of classical music . 
  tchaikovsky and dvo\u0159\u00e1k are definitely not the two people a layperson is likely to mention . 
  but yeah , the amount of applause he received for what was mostly infuriatingly awful was kind of scary . 
  then again , qanda selects its audience to roughly represent the weight of views in broader society . 
  ( i.e. , the same percentage of labor , liberal , and greens voters as in the broader population . ), 
  what he really means by centrist is that the two parties ' views are becoming closer . 
  where they are on an absolute scale , he does n't mention . 
  [ this would be better ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/aus2013 ) . 
  you can click for the australia 2010 and australia 2007 links to see the shift over time , too . 
  did you even read the comment you replied to ? 
  he pointed to an article about a study that said the bc has a `` mild conservative bias '' . 
  in other words , you replied in quite an angry manner to someone who agreed with you . 
  on the one hand , i want to agree with you . 
  on the other , i think it 's absolutely unjustifiable that the government is reducing tertiary spending while also subsidising profit-seeking , private schools in primary and secondary education . 
  i 'd much rather see continued increases in tertiary spending while reducing private school spending than the current situation , though i would also prefer it if you had both and reduced spending elsewhere . 
   how a good society ( besides any libertarian anarchocapitalist wet dream ), 
  so any good society , then ? 
  ( just so you know , you accidentally doubleposted ), 
  but i agree completely , it is n't a zero sum game , which is why i said i would prefer both to be funded . 
  the money * does * have to come from somewhere , either by increasing taxes ( and i would be perfectly happy for environment-related taxes to be increased ) , or by cutting elsewhere ( and there certainly are other , unrelated , areas that i think could be cut ) . 
  i simply said that if you had a fixed amount to spend on education , i would personally prefer less of it be spent on private schools . 
  it 's a contrived scenario , and so in practice the result should be meaningless , but taking that scenario as a premise , that 's my conclusion . 
  mass shootings are defined as 4 or more deaths , monash had 2 deaths . 
  there have been zero mass shootings since the buyback . 
  best thing howard ever did . 
  / r/swedishlesbiannurseswithstethescopes what now ? 
  the reason for switching it to mono is so you can hear all the sound in your one good ear . 
  typically if something is mixed in stereo , some sounds will be much less clear in one ear than the other . 
  by switching to mono , everything will be equally balanced in both ears , and so you can hear the full sound when you 're just listening to one ear . 
  the example in this specific example * was * measurement . 
  they had to cut out pieces of paper to 2 cm square . 
  in general , the arbitrary conversion factors and names in imperial and us units make those units objectively inferior to metric and si , but for this particular example , not so much . 
  i 'm just there to distract my target while my mate loads his cannon . 
  no worries !, 
  you 're one of today 's [ ten thousand ] ( http://xkcd.com/1053/ ) !, 
  neither , stereo and mono are features of the way something is recorded , and are n't really applicable to live performances . 
  well-written open book exams are not the same as closed-book exams . 
  in an open book exam , mere memorisation of a bunch of formulae is n't going to help you , you have to know which ones to use where and how to apply them . 
  take a look at the [ international baccalaureate physics data booklet ] ( http://occ.ibo.org/ibis/documents/dp/gr4/physics/d_4_physi_cor%5bd_4_physi_gui_0903_1_e.pdf%5d_0903_1_e.pdf ) ( warning , pdf ) . 
  it lists some common constants and conversions , and then has a bunch of lists of formulae relevant to different topics in physics . 
  you have to understand what each one means and when to apply it . 
  i found that a strong understanding of the material was particularly important in topics 6 and 9 : fields and forces and motion in fields in understanding the difference between such things as field strength and potential . 
  the formula did n't help with that , you had to know how to derive one from the other . 
  only if you do n't already intend to shop at the place you 're getting the giftcard for with at least the same amount as the giftcard 's value . 
  store credit is equal to cash if it 's a store that you would be shopping ( and spending at least that amount ) at anyway . 
  and for the love of god learn how to use an apostrophe . 
   my mother made it very clear as i was growing up that i was to study only until college and nothing else, 
  that sentence confused the fuck out of me . 
  i thought they were saying you ** must ** stop studying after college . 
  i think what you actually meant was you must do nothing but study until after college . 
  and now we know why . 
  a ) that 's a trumpet, 
  b ) could we get a nsfw tag on that ? 
  c ) source ? 
  uqattic has answers done by students for a lot of courses , you should check there . 
  how can i give sokka gold ? 
  what ? 
  i do happen to know that that 's approximately 5 foot 11 in imperial , but if someone asked me that 's certainly not how i 'd quote it . 
  yeah , i made a specific point to put that `` if '' there . 
  but the people for whom this would be a good idea are the ones who do fit that criteria , which is the point . 
  if you do n't fit that criteria , it 's not for you , and that 's totally cool . 
  yeah , and people clicking on the link also keeps them at the original resolution . 
  in this case , that resolution is too low to comfortably read . 
  so , you have to make the image bigger . 
  if you 're using res you can expand it to make it bigger . 
  if you 're clicking the link , you zoom in to make it bigger . 
  in each case , the clarity of the image drops . 
  also , check the subreddit background . 
  counterclockwise from the bottom left , earth , water , fire , air . 
  that method would seem to agree with you . 
  i 'm going to pretend this is a clever joke about how she 's asian , and the currency in korea is the won . 
  ( even though she herself has a chinese background . ), 
  i 'm afraid my knowledge of non-classical music is n't up to scratch . 
  what 's special about bolton ? 
  they 're easily the most pragmatic of the major world religions . 
  better than some of the nutters you get with many forms of protestantism . 
  would someone * pleeease * explain to me why people have a hatred for these things ? 
  i keep seeing it come up and i just do n't get it . 
  they have two pages , a left one and a right one . 
  you write on both of them , so how is it that having a special ` lefty ' one is better in any way ? 
  very true . 
  i did n't say smart , i said pragmatic . 
  they do a very good job of changing their beliefs in such a way that they can get a lot of people to join them and stay a part of their church . 
  in general , unlike the typically more extreme protestant religions , there 's no real conflict between the official stance of catholicism and science -- since the catholics now teach most of the bible stories as mostly metaphorical , and since they generally allow people to continue their lives more or less how they do . 
  that 's extremely pragmatic of them . 
  metaphorical , like most beliefs of the catholic church . 
  that 's what 's pragmatic , it means people can go on believing their stuff without necessarily disagreeing with the facts . 
  yes . 
  that 's not smart , but it does n't detract very much from the number of people who believe their teachings ( or how much people believe ) , so it is n't unpragmatic . 
  i 'm not entirely sure -- i was baptised catholic but i do n't think i 've ever actually been to a catholic mass -- but it 's what i 've heard a lot of people say online , as well as in debates . 
  from what i 've heard , many individual priests may teach it as literal despite that not being the official stance of the church . 
  the protestants are the ones that bring us all the extremists you see in the us .
