  ( i would hasten to add , by the way , it 's not me that 's downvoted you here . ), 
  `` does it suck '' is the name of a series he does . 
  a bunch of other people use the same title . 
  it 's a pretty common way to word reviews . 
  but yeah , if you watch the video , it 's pretty clear he thinks it did n't suck . 
  yeah to be honest it does have a negative vibe to it . 
  i suspect it gets more views this way , which would explain why so many people use it . 
  the guy 's deluded . 
  he talks for ages about how so many people are diving , and how much it goes on in the game , and then he claims that it would be a * bad * idea to impose serious penalties for doing it . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  why the hell would you pull off solar panels that are already in place ? 
  that makes exactly zero sense . 
  i can understand not wanting to put them up in the first place , because the up-front cost is substantial . 
  but what possible purpose could * removing already in-place * panels have ? 
  you 're assuming that the person only makes minimum wage . 
  it 's quite possible that they got paid above the minimum . 
  or even more likely , seeing as this is america we 're talking about , tips would have played a significant role . 
  do n't talk nonsense sonny . 
  the best music of all time came in the 80s . 
  the 1880s . 
  gustav mahler was god 's gift to music . 
  oh sorry , i missed that part . 
  i thought you were addressing the `` ivy league education with a summer waitress job '' part . 
  but anyway , the stats that you got were n't necessarily the most appropriate to make your case . 
  he made two separate claims . 
  one was paying for uni on a waitressing job , the other was living in manhattan on minimum wage . 
  that means without simultaneously paying for an education , which is what ( as far as i can tell ) the stats you pulled up were about . 
  i -- and , i suspect , most people who are good with technology -- became good with technology because when i come up with problems i want to solve them . 
  i try a bunch of things that seem like they might help , and see what happens . 
  over time you build up troubleshooting skills . 
  being able to see a problem and instantly know it 's probably one of a handful of things , purely from your prior experience with googling problems ( another thing you quickly learn to do well ) and trying stuff . 
  there 's no innate skill involved here . 
  just a willingness to keep trying to solve a problem until you come up with the solution . 
  if you can use a mouse and keyboard , you can teach yourself to solve most basic computer problems over time . 
  my mum used to refer to my gameboy advanced sp as a ` playboy ' . 
  ftr : for the record ? 
  i like it so far . 
  feels very googley to me . 
  like i said , most idioms are more metaphorical . 
  letting the cat out of the bag or spilling the beans both involve revealing something that was previously hidden , an action that is similar to the literal interpretation of the idiom . 
  if people started saying `` the cat is in the bag '' or `` cleaning the beans '' , you would obviously take issue with that . 
  the idea of `` the cat is out of the bag '' meaning a secret has been revealed is intuitive and makes sense . 
  if you reverse that it 's just bizarre . 
  to me , just because some minority is set on making this same counter-intuitive switch to `` could n't care less '' does n't mean i have to accept it . 
  i could n't care less is a pretty simple expression , and it works both intuitively and if you analyse it more closely . 
  there 's no rational reason to break that . 
  yeah , my entire comment was basically an extended `` learn to troubleshoot , bitch '' . 
  it 's such a basic concept yet some people just refuse to even try to understand it . 
  could this even be a possibility with emv ? 
  here in australia i do n't think people ever really sign for things paid by card anymore . 
  my bank 's been giving me messages saying that as of august they wo n't allow * anything * signed by signature . 
  ( i may have gotten the brand names the wrong way around . ), 
  holy hell you can only use paywave for purchases under 15 quid in the uk ? 
  here in australia it 's anything under $ 100 . 
  ( along with the standard zero liability for the end user policies . ), 
  you 're right . 
  i downloaded it just now just to check , and [ this is the first shot after the intro sequence ] ( http://imgur.com/homqezb ) . 
  [ you do n't actually see a boat until 9:48 in ] ( http://imgur.com/iwn7joz ) . 
  i 'm with suncorp , and i believe you are correct in that . 
  this is a system used by debit and credit cards . 
  it 's just a better system than swiping and signing . 
  instead , you place it in a slot and enter your pin . 
  just ask two people from two places what the temperature is like . 
  here in australia , it was as cold as 10 degrees last night , and i was absolutely freezing . 
  if you went to a canadian , that would probably be seen as shorts and t-shirt weather . 
  / r/thelastairbender, 
  the general consensus is that korra is n't quite as good as the original , but it 's still well worth watching . 
  there are also a couple of episodes in season 2 which flash back to the very first avatar , and those are easily some of the best the franchise has ever produced . 
  at least as good as the best of what the last airbender brought us . 
  you should also take a look at the comics : the promise , the search , and the rift . 
  what if your really like apple and android ? 
  comic sans is good for dyslexic people . 
  so that 's at least one situation in which the answer should not always be no . 
  i suspect most current games and consoles will not straight away support 60 fps ( including things like `` xbox , record that '' ) , and will have to have an update to enable the higher framerate . 
  [ yeah , it 's commonly used because apparently it makes the differences between some letters easier to distinguish . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-11582548 ), 
  that said , i suspect comic neue might meet the same criteria to help dyslexics . 
  i 've not heard anything official on that front . 
  my ideal temperature is probably mid 20s , which is only a tad above what you enjoy ( 25 c is roughly 75 f ) . 
  you do n't * necessarily * have to * purchase * windows , but yes , you will need a copy of windows to put on it . 
  if you take my drift . 
  i dunno , man , salty tap water sounds like it would be pretty damn terrible . 
  oh god i hated the episode where aang could n't sleep . 
  i also did n't really like most of the stories in tales of ba sing se . 
  pretty much the only ones i liked were soka 's and iroh 's . 
  i can accept the argument that the story did n't start when korra was a baby , but i 'd say at the very latest it would have begun when you see her finishing her firebending training , which is still quite a bit before you see a boat . 
  can you tell me what time it airs new york time ? 
  i need to know when i can expect to find it on tpb ( and googling `` new york time '' helps with that ) . 
  is that am or pm ? 
  your best bet is to download it off of the pirate bay an hour or so after it airs . 
  i have adblock , but only because there are a couple of sites that have loud auto-play video ads when the actual content is text-based . 
  i 'm happy with pre-roll videos on video content ( like youtube ) but if a site is making noises when all i want to do is read some text , fuck that site . 
  i disable adblock on basically every other site i visit . 
  i just wish using a blacklist instead of a whitelist actually worked as one would expect it to work . 
  could n't care less . 
  the expression is `` could n't care less '' . 
  what city ? 
  i only block ads that are overly obnoxious . 
  if i 'm randomly browsing the web , and a site suddenly starts spouting sounds at me when i 'm not expecting it , that is overly obnoxious and completely unacceptable . 
  it 's a * very * small subset of ads : i rarely see it any more .
