  your second paragraph simply reaffirms exactly what i was pointing out . 
  i 'm not sure i see the problem there . 
  that works . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that sentence . 
  in fact , it 's better than the one / u/samuelstringman wrote , because it is much clearer in its meaning and much easier to read . 
  but that does n't change the fact that none of what the other user said was demeaning or rude at all . 
  ( fwiw , i believe he said elsewhere in the comments that he 's canadian , although that might have been someone else . ), 
  right , but this was n't talking about aboriginal australians in that context . 
  it was comparing the indigenous people of australia to the indigenous people of ( i believe ) canada . 
  i finally joined just recently in a reddit push , although i played one or two games after a couple of previous pushes . 
  i 'm just curious , what 's the reasoning behind the names of those different pushes you mentioned ? 
  ( this question being the reason i 'm bothering to comment . 
  i realise the first paragraph was n't actually answering the question . ), 
  add in to that the fact that most home videos are probably recorded in 25 ( pal ) or 30 ( ntsc ) frames per second , and it 's actually going to be even higher . 
   in your personal experience , facebook is used primarily as, 
  i really do n't like this question , because different people use it in vastly different ways . 
  i personally use it primarily for keeping in touch with friends , but i know many people who really do use it as a vanity tool , as well as a few who use it for voicing opinions . 
  smoke weed . 
  while we 're on australian news stations . 
  [ this one from channel 7 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoab8lyi2h8 ) where a guy gets caught looking at porn . 
  i believe the story behind it is his mate saw him on tv so he sent him the link as a prank . 
  nah that 's how i read it , too . 
  it was an invitation to a barbie , it 's not something that i 'd normally associate with being a come on or anything like that . 
   but as we keep saying , only one of you can win tonight, 
  or , i guess , both of you can ... in a way . 
  what the -- i guess you 'd call him an usher ? 
  -- said at the end has some merit . 
  singers come on and they perform songs written by other people . 
  it 's only about their ability to sing well . 
  this guy clearly has the delivery side of comedy down pat , and i 'm not really sure what 's fundamentally different about using another comedian 's jokes to using another musician 's songs . 
  yeah that 's a really good answer format . 
   not how the comedy world sees it . 
  irrelevant . 
  what i said was that there 's nothing * fundamentally * different . 
  that said , i think that / u/culturedmuppet42 brings up an important point , and that 's that when a singer sings someone else 's song , everyone knows it 's not their song , while in most cases if a comedian does someone else 's jokes , they 're trying to pass it off as their own . 
  if a comedian uses someone else 's jokes and is open about the fact that they did n't write them ( maybe they took a complete set from someone else , or ideally they mixed and matched bits of other sets ) , then that 's totally fine . 
  especially if they make it their own through the delivery -- the same way a musician can make a song their own by doing something special with the way they cover it . 
  because it 's not about how things would be perceived . 
  all my comments so far have made a point to be saying that there is * fundamentally * no difference . 
  and there is n't . 
  i certainly did n't do that much regularly . 
  although sometimes , especially when big deadlines are approaching , it would certainly get that much or even higher . 
  whose not ? 
  look i agree with you . 
  pronouncing it with a hard g is clearly wrong , and choosing to do it * even when you know better * is stupid . 
  that said , watch the video . 
  it 's really interesting and definitely worth putting up with the mild annoyance of the wrong pronunciation . 
  replying here so it 's a little more visible . 
  just so you know , the word you were looking for in the caption of number 7 was `` albeit '' . 
  abet means `` assist ( someone ) to do something wrong , in particular to commit a crime '' . 
  absolutely awesome post , though , all the same . 
  wait , australia 's not a third world country ? 
  source : tony abbott, 
  and netflix ( edit : for clarification , its success is also a testimony to that ) , in countries that have it . 
  i would honestly have considered that to be the `` black sheep '' ( please excuse the pun , it really was n't intentional ) of the disney princess \u2122 line . 
  it just seemed like such a small and comparatively unpopular movie to me . 
  it certainly did n't catch on as well as tangled , which was one year later . 
  which i find a shame , to be honest , because i really love that style of music . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a lot less awesome in english . 
  to the contrary . 
  in my orchestra , i * only * let kids play on fisher-price violins !, 
  like the others said , it 's using html5 's new < video  tag . 
  this particular website , gfycat , exists specifically to turn gifs into videos , so you can guarantee there wo n't be sound , and you know it 'll usually be short videos that can be used in the same way gifs would be . 
  edit : i should also mention one of the big advantages that gfycat ( and html5 video in general ) has over gifs is that they take up a lot less space , and thus can use less data and load faster , as well as being able to be in higher quality . 
  i 'm also young , but i can still quite easily understand that people were n't expecting hijackings to be for a suicide attack . 
  my stomach was making the rumblies that only hands would satisfy . 
  my parents are pretty computer illiterate , but i found it no problem at all to talk them through the process of setting it up . 
  it 's not difficult at all . 
  you know , i 've played 3 out of the 4 movements of the peer gynt suite in orchestra , and i actually do n't have a clue what the play is about . 
  gon na go read the wikipedia summary now . 
  that 's actually exactly why it became known . 
  there was a big deal about how the android camera service was using huge amounts of battery , because of a few apps that were regularly accessing the camera , skype being the highest-profile one . 
  glympse is a great replacement for latitude . 
  that 's what my local faction in ingress switched to when latitude went away . 
  his phone is racist . 
  wait , latitude was available on ios ? 
  i pronounce it like imager without the a. im-gur with a soft g , or im-jur . 
  but gif as written * should * be pronounced with a soft g. its closest equivalent in normal english is gin , which is only one letter off , and that letter has similar qualities to the one it replaces ( being a relatively soft letter , as opposed to , say , t as in git , which is a very hard letter ) . 
  gin is pronounced with a soft g , and as such so should gif . 
  that 's ignoring the developer 's desired pronunciation , which certainly should n't be taken as absolute word , but should be considered when judging the correct pronunciation . 
  i actually do n't pronounce img as image . 
  i pronounce it imj , like image without the a. 
  gur would n't be pronounced jur on its own , but img certainly can be pronounced imj . 
  is how i pronounce it . 
  has the same problem as git , which is that the following sound is a short hard one . 
  i dunno , the way i pronounce gift certainly has the f and the t sounds without any clear distinction between the two . 
  the f sort of merges into the t. 
  this is how i 've always felt about season 4 . 
  i only started watching them about 8 months ago , so i watched all four seasons in quick succession , and did n't even know that the show 's creator had left . 
  season 4 certainly felt like it had a few weak episodes , but otherwise it did n't feel like much of a departure from what they show had done before . 
  ariel winter , the actor who plays alex dunphy on modern family , is going to her school 's prom , also known as a `` formal '' in most commonwealth countries . 
  if someone did turn in an assignment like this , that would be the best response . 
  get back at the smart-arsery with more pedantic smart-arsery . 
  could be girls singing scat . 
  the chimer and nedes show up in what is essentially a flashback sequence . 
  ( at least as far as i know , that 's the only time they show up . 
  i could be wrong . ), 
  this , of course , means that there 's no reason they could n't show dwemer in exactly the same way . 
  i doubt they will , though , since the dwemer are such a big mystery .
