  yup , that 's pretty much it . 
  it 's because the media -- which in australia is largely owned by us national and fairly extreme right-winger rupert murdoch -- had been launching a very well-coordinated campaign against labor for some time . 
  despite getting a lot of good legislation through , all most people ever heard about was the ( admittedly rather atrocious ) in-fighting among the labor party , and it left most people thinking that labor was totally inept . 
  as a brief side note , you 'll note that it 's actually the labor party , not labour . 
  do n't ask me why , i do n't know . 
  in every other case australians use the u. 
  pretty sure they 're talking about two separate bikes . 
  i ca n't speak for where you are , but where i live the law is actually pretty clear on this . 
  bikes can ride two abreast , no more than 1.5 m apart . 
  my state ( queensland ) has also just recently enacted some new laws to make it safer for both cars and bikes , by allowing cars to drive over a solid line in order to give bikes enough space . 
  yeah it 's a big problem in general . 
  australia probably has it slightly worse than the us or the uk , with only 3 year terms versus 4 or 5 respectively . 
  i ca n't think of a way to make long-term visions a reasonable goal within the democratic system , though . 
  not without making voting far too infrequent that it would seem undemocratic . 
  our convoluted group voting tickets take some of that away , though . 
  most people only vote above the line , and if they vote for a minor one-issue party , chances are their vote will be redirected wherever the group ticket went , and not somewhere that the voter explicitly chose . 
  it 's the same with the pirate party . 
  they have some incredible ideas for real improvements to our intellectual property law , as well as some other areas ( like a bill of rights ) . 
  but people are never going to see that , all they 'll see is `` hurr durr let me steal movies '' . 
  i 've heard it said that australians do n't vote governments in , they vote governments out . 
  it 's not so much that people liked what abbott was proposing or thought he 'd do a good job , they were just ( somewhat unfairly , in my opinion ) angry at the previous labor government . 
  there is a cash shop , but they 've specifically told us it will * not * be `` pay to win '' ( they used more precise terms ) , and will only be cosmetic . 
  there is a hefty base cost and a subscription , which i can easily see would turn some users away . 
  however , it really is a fantastic game . 
  the actual experience is just as good as skyrim in terms of single player stuff , but you get the multiplayer experience as well , which is amazing . 
  the biggest problem with its model , in my opinion , is the existence of the `` imperial edition '' , which unlocks the imperial race ( you can only play the other 9 races if you do n't get this ) and allows you to get a horse in the very early game , as well as a few other less significant features . 
  use / report , and then block the user . 
  we do n't want this kind of behaviour to become accepted , so try to nip it in the bud early on . 
  yeah i agree . 
  addons like the ones seen in this picture are fine . 
  ones that show buff timers etc. , though , give certain people a different experience than others which can mean people are not on an equal playing field during pvp . 
  those sorts of addons are not fine . 
  we 're talking about parties like hemp and the sex party , which as far as i know did n't run in any hor seats , and if they did it was certainly only a small number . 
  so discussing the senate election is much more relevant , in this case . 
  it takes a lot longer than two minutes to work out where you want the preferences to go for all 80 + candidates . 
  some of us are willing to put the time in , but i can easily see how others would not be . 
  many more people would be able to have their voice counted if we replaced gvts with above the line party preferencing and allowed voters to stop numbering when they want instead of requiring numbering of every candidate . 
  three letters is the minimum length for a subreddit name . 
  their voice does n't count * as much * , would be a better way of putting it . 
  specifically , unless they reviewed the gvt and decided it lined up with their own views , then they are likely only getting an accurate representation of their first preference . 
  anyway , did you really put liberals last ? 
  i put them ahead of a few of the really wacko parties . 
   my issue is with people that feel the need to correct people who call soccer soccer with `` it 's football '' . 
  ffs people , there is a special name specifically for your sport in the us with all sorts of paraphernalia printed for it . 
  do n't act like you do n't know what people are saying . 
  it makes you look stupid . 
  personally , i 've taken the stance that the word `` football '' should generally be avoided completely unless the context is * extremely * specific . 
  all the sports have their own individual names , and `` football '' acts as a nice catch-all for all those sports . 
  you 've got, 
  * rugby league ( might also be referred to as `` league '' or in australia , `` nrl '' ), 
  * rugby union ( also referred to as `` union '' or just `` rugby '' ), 
  * american football ( gridiron , nfl ), 
  * australian rules football ( afl ), 
  * touch ( also called touch football or touch rugby ), 
  * gaelic football, 
  as well as a few other more obscure ones , like international rules football . 
  with that many different sports sometimes referred to as `` football '' , for the sake of clarity , i think people should just avoid using the word altogether . 
  again , that 's in a situation where the context does n't make it 100 % clear . 
  union 's got some advantages . 
  throw ins are much cooler than more scrums . 
  but the sport is so stop-start . 
  you ca n't watch a game without hearing the ref 's whistle every five minutes . 
  there 's always a penalty or something being awarded . 
  makes it so that despite the sport having the appearance of being more free-flow than league , it 's actually much less so . 
  plus , there 's much too high a reliance on kicking . 
  making field goals and penalties worth 3 points makes people use those options much more often , which is far less interesting for the audience than having them go for a try . 
  not to mention how often they 'll kick it as soon as they get it , or after just one tackle . 
  it 's not bloody afl . 
  just my opinion , anyway . 
  curious , when you say `` international football '' are you referring to soccer , or [ international rules football ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_rules_football ) , which is essentially a hybrid of australian rules football and gaelic football ? 
  i 'm also curious , if you know , were you introduced to rugby league or union ? 
  league is generally more popular here on the east coast , but when someone just says `` rugby '' it 's more common that they 're referring to union . 
  union 's got some advantages . 
  throw ins are much cooler than more scrums . 
  but the sport is so stop-start . 
  you ca n't watch a game without hearing the ref 's whistle every five minutes . 
  there 's always a penalty or something being awarded . 
  makes it so that despite the sport having the appearance of being more free-flow than league , it 's actually much less so . 
  plus , there 's much too high a reliance on kicking . 
  making field goals and penalties worth 3 points makes people use those options much more often , which is far less interesting for the audience than having them go for a try . 
  not to mention how often they 'll kick it as soon as they get it , or after just one tackle . 
  it 's not bloody afl . 
  just my opinion , anyway . 
  it 's worth noting that soccer is n't the only sport like that . 
  cricket is super popular among poorer people in india . 
  all you need is a ball , a stick ( or two ) , and something upright -- a rubbish bin works well in a pinch . 
  cricket 's just as easy . 
  a ball , a stick , and something upright ( like a rubbish bin ) . 
  on a similar note , baseball does n't require too much equipment either . 
  i think any suggestion of a link between the fictional worlds of the marvel cinematic universe and community is rather bizarre . 
  it was just pudi in the film , playing a character that exists only in that world . 
  that said , i do think the character was written ( possibly deliberately so ) in a way that felt very much like abed doing a bit . 
  cricket 's relatively easy to adapt to much smaller spaces , although it certainly does need an actual ball to be much good , so i guess it has that problem . 
  i 'm not using any mods , but was considering grabbing one to get a wider fov to tide me over until that feature is officially implemented . 
  have they been banning people using those sorts of mods ? 
  i do n't watch the show , but is that the same kevin macleod of incompetech ? 
  speaking as someone who does n't skate , i find your comment amusing . 
  it seems to me that whenever i see skateboarders trying tricks , they spend 99 % of the time failing , and nobody ever seems to land a trick . 
  i 'd say it 's still failure in the game , not the failure to get a decent connection , that causes the frustration . 
  it 's just that said failure was caused by an external factor out of the player 's control .
