  however , for those who do media production professionally , and therefore those for whom price is not much of an issue , the 27 ' imac is a brilliant device . 
  to address the software that you mentioned in your previous comment , good software should always make things that most people are going to be doing most of the time easy to do , whilst simultaneously having a way for advanced users to do the advanced things . 
  mac os x does the former part of this better than windows , and is equal to windows on the latter . 
  then why ca n't they require them to abstain from sex for a month or so before giving blood , and then run thorough tests for hiv ? 
  wait , americans who have been living in the uk ca n't give blood ( to simplify it ) ? 
  i have n't got any question , i just wan na say , i played october at the [ fobissea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federation_of_british_international_schools_in_south_east_asia ) music festival in 2009 , in manilla . 
  i lead the clarinets , and i just wan na say fuck you for that incredibly long c at the very beginning !, 
  but seriously , i really liked the piece , i thought it was an absolutely amazing piece of concert band music ( and it 's a shame we had nowhere near the instrumentation necessary for a proper performance of it ) . 
  [ here 's a picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ffaoh.jpg ) , pretty sure it was taken during that opening section ( i 'm front , directly to the left of the conductor , wearing glasses ) . 
  i know you 're famous for your vocal music a lot more , but i 'm not particularly interested in vocal music as a whole ( no bearing on you or your music ) . 
  that said , a lot of your vocal music is really interesting to listen to . 
  and [ on imgur ] ( http://imgur.com/8ljey ) the picture is titled `` i love dr. 
  who . '', 
   `` apple hardware '' do you mean intel and nvidia hardware sold at 200 % + profit ? 
  kind of . 
  i mean the computers that apple sells , which are made of a combination of third party parts ( all the parts that you read out when comparing specs ) with apple 's own stuff ( the less spec-related things like the touchpad ) . 
  but yes , apple does overcharge on both of these things . 
  just no . 
  the simple fact is you 're making the claim that this hardware is not capable of doing what many people do on a regular basis using macs . 
  you 're simply making up bullshit here . 
  and i very much doubt the people doing serious media work do n't know what a gpu is . 
  ssds do run a lot faster , but some people prefer the larger storage you get with an hdd , you ca n't expect one size to fit all . 
   a good operating system allows a user to customise it to the users preference, 
  great , so mac os x fits the bill . 
  awesome . 
  there 's no more limitation on customising mac os than there is windows , it 's just most people do n't see the point in doing it . 
   allows accessibility to all ranges of program 's . 
  both of which apple do n't have, 
  you mean programs . 
  sorry , incorrectly used apostrophes are one of my biggest pet peeves . 
  ( along with capitalisation , both of which you 've incorrectly used throughout . ), 
  but to address the actual point , there 's nothing about the operating system that means it does n't have `` accessibility to all ranges of program 's [ sic ] '' , any program or type of program not available on os x is purely because the developers of those programs do n't think that it is worth it for them to do it . 
  this is n't apple 's fault in any way . 
  besides , the same could be side in reverse . 
  textexpander and pdfpen are some awesome examples of software made by a third party that have no good equivalent on windows ( pdfpen arguable does , but i would still say the competition is not nearly as good -- i know of no equivalent to textexpander ) . 
  that 's not even mentioning finalcut , logic , and aperture , all of which i prefer to their adobe equivalents ( although i am seriously looking at lightroom and considering switching to it ) . 
  you keep going back to the price , as though repeating it over and over makes it any more correct . 
  it 's * already * correct , and i 've * already conceded that point * . 
  this argumentum ad nauseam is n't helping your case at all . 
  yeah , that definitely helps . 
  cheers . 
  i completely agree with everything you 've written there , but i 'd just like to inquire about one thing . 
   the cheapest 1tb internal is $ 70, 
  are you sure that 's correct ? 
  a friend of mine just got a 2 tb ( actually labeled 2000 gb , but i suppose that 's what hardware manufacturers mean when they say 2 tb anyway ) for $ 94 , in australia . 
  the in australia part is important because usually our technology stuff is way overpriced compared to america , so i would 've thought that , based on that one datapoint , you would be able to get 1 tb for $ 50 in the us , if not cheaper . 
  there 's a relevant comic here somewhere , but i ca n't remember where i saw it ... 
  edit : yes i can , it was n't a comic it was on [ cracked ] ( http://www.cracked.com/blog/the-6-stupidest-video-game-school-commercials_p2/ ) , the # 1 . 
  fair enough . 
  i must say i find it odd that a 1 tb would be so expensive compared to a 2 tb ( it was a seagate barracuda ) , i would n't expect it to be half price , but i 'm surprised it 's not less than 75 % of the price . 
  ah well . 
  [ his smart ass-responses ] ( http://xkcd.com/37/ ) ? 
  the other guy has an important point . 
  are you playing the part as written for an a clarinet , on a b-flat clarinet , or have you transposed it so that it sounds the same . 
  your first note in the first movement , is it a g or an f # ( concert e or d # ) ? 
  that could be the reason , although most computer computer components ( and computers ) are probably made closer to aus than the us , and yet things just tend to be more expensive . 
  i 'd say it 's more likely that he just found a particularly cheap store to get it from . 
   imac [ sic ] doesnt [ sic ] even support ssd 's [ sic ], 
  complete and utter bullshit . 
  5 minutes of research would show you that you can easily get a bto imac with a hard drive , fusion drive , or an ssd . 
  that 's not to mention that on the 27 ' ( and on both sizes of older models ) you can install your own hard drive from any third party . 
  a mac will run better on any specific specs than a windows-based pc would . 
  i 'm not a computer engineer/scientist , i do n't understand why it is , but it simply does . 
  that is the reason comparing specs in this way is a completely useless waste of time . 
   wow windows works well on all systems , even those built by apple primarily aimed at using osx and you 're using that as an argument against windows ? 
  it 's not an argument * against windows * per se , but more an argument * in favour of macs * . 
  one is able to run either operating system with amazing ease , the other requires jumping through heaps of hoops in order to get both oss up and running . 
  also , a mac dual-booting into windows can use directx just fine . 
  love the petty '' \u2122 '' there . 
  were n't you all for the argument about how they use the same hardware just a few hours ago , but now you 're implying the exact opposite ? 
  and i get it , it 's hyperbole , but a 2 gb upgrade to ram actually is n't possible . 
  the cheapest imac has 8 gb ram , with an optional upgrade to 16 gb . 
  that massive 8 gb upgrade is `` only '' $ 240 in the aus store . 
  yes that 's still a lot , but it 's 1/8th of what you claimed . 
  the prices are similar for other macs . 
  as an aside , the macbook pros ( non-retina ) use standard ram chips , so you can even upgrade them yourself for cheaper if it matters that much to you ( although i thought we had finally gotten past this whole damn price issue ) . 
  well , young boys would certainly be the more * likely * one . 
  only on res or reddit gold , i believe . 
  i think that 's for saved posts , not comments . 
  i do n't know . 
  i thought it was only res or reddit gold , but i 'm not sure . 
   i do n't know anything about the history or the georgraphic location of any country/ethnicity, 
  to be fair , the uk * is * european , and the predominant culture/ethnicity in australia and nz is british . 
  ( edit : aside , the same is true of america and canada ), 
  still a bloody stupid mistake to make , though . 
  samsung for me , too , never bought one of their products deliberately , but i wo n't be buying from them after [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sabl2wy1uzo ) . 
  for context , this guy is one of my favourite youtubers , and his reviews of phones and cameras ( and the cameras on phones ) are some of the best i 've ever seen . 
  i wo n't definitely say i will never buy i samsung product , and if samsung clearly is the best in field for what i 'm looking for , by a large margin , i 'll still go with them . 
  however , it made me seriously want to take a second look at what smartphone to get . 
  i was going to get a galaxy s3 , but decided to look at alternatives because of this . 
  when the nexus 4 came out , it was the clear choice and i think i would 've gone with it regardless , but this certainly made my decision easier . 
  ubisoft for me , too , though i 'll happily pirate their games because seriously they 're awesome . 
  last time i paid for a game for myself in a physical store , it was because i wanted a copy of age of mythology to play online . 
  i could have pirated it , but i loved playing online so i wanted to buy it legally . 
  i had a proper copy of the gold edition for ages , but my disk broke so i had to get another one . 
  i walk into an eb games ( huge game store in australia , and another company that will not be getting my business ) , and ask about it ( it 's not on shelves , as this happened in 2007/8 , a long time after the game was out ) , they send me to the other eb games in the same shopping centre , who then sends me half way across the city to get it at another eb games . 
  after walking the entire way there ( the next bus would 've been ages and i did n't have a car ) , i get my copy of the gold edition ( though it looks kinda odd , more like it has both the vanilla game and the expansion , rather than the `` gold edition '' per se ) and walk out . 
  it turns out this version of age of mythology was published by ubisoft , for some reason . 
  i walk out and head to the nearest bus stop . 
  while waiting for a bus , i read the back of the box , and what does it have , in tiny fine print near the bottom ?
