  in wa it 's within 3 years . 
  in tas it 's 5 years if the younger party is over 15 and 3 years if they are over 12 . 
  additionally , many states ( including qld and nt ) have clauses allowing for a reasonable belief that the person was of age . 
  specifically , in qld if the younger party is above 12 and the accused has a reasonable belief that they were over 16 ( the legal age ) , that is a valid defence . 
  in the nt it 's if they are actually over 14 . 
  the girl was 15 , while the guy was 18 . 
  now , personally that seems like it should be okay to me , but sa law says otherwise . 
  the age of consent is 17 , and the only defence for someone over 17 having sexual intercourse with someone under 17 is if they ( a ) were actually 16 and ( b ) had a reasonable belief that they were 17 . 
  since she was not 16 , and as they were in a fairly long-term relationship , it 's unlikely he thought she was 17 , neither of those apply , so it 's illegal . 
  should it be ? 
  probably not . 
  but it is . 
  no australian state has romeo and juliet laws , per se , though many have a simple age bracket . 
  in victoria , for example , for someone under the legal age ( 16 ) , if they are also * over * 12 , then an age difference of 2 is legal . 
  the only state with a clause anything like 5 years is tas , and that 's only if the alleged victim is 15 or older . 
  it 's 3 years if the alleged victim is over 12 . 
  in wa it 's 3 years , and in the act and vic it 's 2 years . 
  importantly , sa has no such laws . 
  whether it 's fair or not , the guy * has * committed a crime under south australian law . 
  he was above the age of consent ( which is 17 -- he was 18 ) , and she was below it ( at 15 ) . 
  sa has no `` romeo and juliet '' or close-in-age laws . 
   so while both have committed crimes here, 
  both have not committed a crime . 
  it is not illegal to be the person underage having sex with someone overage . 
  that 's the whole point of statutory rape laws : to protect the younger party . 
  now , obviously , in this case it 's an example of how that law can be misused , but under the current law it is * very * clear . 
  the boy committed a crime and the girl did not . 
  ah , so it does . 
  my bad . 
   the boy 's lawyer told the court his instructions were the boy was under 18 when they had sex . 
  i misread that and thought it said `` the boy was 18 when '' . 
  either way , it 's above the age of consent , so legally that does n't change things . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but i did a lot of research and found that the pirate party in australia has a number of very well thought out policies . 
  they got my [ 1 ] vote in the election last year . 
  rivendell is westron *, 
  westron is just represented as english in the novel/films ( unless you get a translated version , in which case westron is represented by that language ) . 
  [ pocketcasts ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=au.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcasts ) is one that 's been mentioned on the podcast quite a few times , and i can confirm it 's a brilliant app . 
  their latest major revision actually came to android before ios . 
  the developers are really great , too . 
  really responsive on social media , and always include some fun messages in the update changelog . 
  the part that is n't true is that the cake * is n't * a lie in the end . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  oh that 's unfortunate . 
  i 've been playing a templar , and going almost pure healer ( light armour , and only one or two points into attacking skills ) . 
  but i have n't been following changelogs or anything like that . 
  how exactly have they changed it , and is my build going to be nerfed because of it ? 
  i 've always played volleyball as more of an autumn sport , potentially starting in late summer and ending in mid to late autumn . 
  and that 's in relatively warm climates . 
  and king claudius from bbc 's hamlet . 
  i assumed female based on a couple of things . 
  one is the sex slave thing , and if course you 're right it still could be male based on that . 
  that other was intuition regarding probability . 
  since they said `` brothers '' , it intuitively feels more likely that they would be female . 
  2 -- 3 boys and a girl seems more likely than 3 -- 4 girls . 
  of course , using * correct * probability , the chances are the same when you take order into account ( i.e. , the girl is the youngest ) . 
  plus , with dragon age 3 coming out soon , you 'll probably want to have played 2 before you play that , even if 2 is n't that great . 
   and it 's harder to find groups that will take templars, 
  surely as healers that would n't be true , would it ? 
  are n't templars still the best class for healing ? 
  i 'm a cyclist and i also vary between roads and footpaths . 
  thankfully , here , that 's perfectly legal . 
  generally , if i 'm going to be stopping frequently , or am not sure about where i 'm going , i 'll stay on the footpath because doing that on the road is really dangerous . 
  but if i want to actually go from a to b , and i know where i 'm going , i 'll generally stick to the road . 
  i can go much faster here ( not needing to worry about pedestrians ) , and on the road people coming out of corners will be looking for you . 
  it 's generally going to be safer . 
  regarding the two cyclists thing , here that 's legal . 
  cyclists are allowed to ride no more than two abreast , with no more than 1.5 metres between them . 
  they just recently passed some laws to make this safer , by also requiring cars give at least 1 metre of space in zones under 60 , and 1.5 metres in zones over 60 . 
  they can also cross solid lines to do so ( normally crossing a solid line is n't allowed , for example for passing other cars ) . 
  i would love to watch these , if you ended up making them . 
  if it happens , please do come back to this thread and pm the people like me who said they 're interested . 
  the abc absolutely has a bias . 
  it 's just that it 's slightly * right * leaning , despite people believing it leans left . 
  when the scientists figure out how . 
  but that wo n't happen any time soon because of budget cuts . 
  thanks tony . 
  i could n't comment . 
  i actually have n't played them yet . 
  i plan to soon , though , because everything i 've heard about the first one is that it 's amazing . 
  not according to the study quoted in [ these ] ( http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-national/abc-is-right-wing-study-20090902-f83m.html ) [ two ] ( http://www.theage.com.au/business/study-finds-abc-bias-leans-towards-coalition-20090902-f8gm.html ) articles . 
  admittedly they 're very old sources , but i 've not seen anything more recent to refute that . 
  according to the study in [ these ] ( http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-national/abc-is-right-wing-study-20090902-f83m.html ) [ two ] ( http://www.theage.com.au/business/study-finds-abc-bias-leans-towards-coalition-20090902-f8gm.html ) articles , the abc has a bias more towards the coalition than to labor . 
  it 's not a perfect definition of centre , but for these purposes it 's the most important distinction . 
  admittedly they 're very old sources , but i 've not seen anything more recent to refute that . 
   another of ck 's jokes was the one with jews building the pyramids as slaves . 
  i find that one to be far worse . 
  because so many people believe it to be true , and by using it in a joke he 's merely spreading the lie further . 
  if they are sitting in the middle of the lane in a single-lane area , they are either breaking the law or doing the only safe thing . 
  the law says that a cyclist must `` ride as near as is safely possible to the far left side of the road '' unless it is a multi-lane road , in which case they `` can occupy a lane and travel in the right hand lane when necessary '' . 
  if they 're in the middle of the lane , and it 's a single-lane area , then it is possible that it 's unsafe to go further left . 
  for example , sticks and other rubbish , or parked cars , can make it unsafe to ride over to the left . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tmr.qld.gov.au/travel-and-transport/cycling/bike-user-guide/road-rules-for-cyclists.aspx#keeping-left ) . 
  you can hardly ( with any level of reason ) hate a cyclist for obeying the law and for acting in a way which is safest for him . 
  as of 7 april this year , you are now allowed to cross over a solid white line ( when safe to do so ) in order to pass a cyclist with a 1.5 metre ( or 1 metre when the speed limit is under 60 ) gap . 
  the new laws also introduce equal penalties for cyclists breaking the law . 
  email verification makes it much harder to do , because setting up a new email address every time is a whole extra step that is enough to deter a lot of people . 
  of course , it 's still relatively * easy * to do , because services like gmail and hotmail certainly are n't difficult to set up . 
  dude are you serious ? 
  why would anyone do that .
