  yeah , it bugs me that not enough people know this . 
  the problem of equality is not in payment , but in which jobs women are more likely to do . 
  because of convenience . 
  z , x , c , and v , by far the most common shortcuts , are right next to the command button . 
  i can easily do them with one hand . 
  the only other programme that has this problem is one i switch to full-qwerty mode anyway , because i need to be able to reach all the letters a -- g with one hand , so this problem really only exists in office , which i use rarely anyway . 
  when i saw this comic in my rss reader i never considered it as being something / r/atheism would care about . 
  it does n't really even seem to be making fun of religion in the same way most of the highly upvoted posts do . 
  defaults , afaik , are chose solely based on numbers . 
  that 's correct . 
  in addition , people in general * were * a little shorter back then than they are now . 
  wh ... why would anyone do that ? 
  it 's fucking crazy , but in a strange way i kinda like it ... 
  worth noting that this is n't just in music . 
  actors in theatre do it sometimes , too . 
  yeah , as far as i know it 's just a tradition . 
  sure thing . 
  wan na say what it is so that the other apple haters can run with it , too ? 
  exactly . 
  i do n't actually agree with the premise , i happen to love apple products ( though i 'd say i prefer google in terms of services and smartphones ) , but it was * just . 
  joke . 
  * i found it funny . 
  hmm . 
  yeah , i think perhaps he would be better . 
  good call . 
  i got about halfway through the one called his `` last '' lecture before giving up because it went off on a weird tangent , and i 've added some others to my watch later list to watch when i get the chance . 
  i 've also seen the complete omnibus series he did , and i thought that was amazing . 
  then there 's [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouyy1gv8jhu ) description of beethoven 's strengths and weaknesses ( although refuted in [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjct5m8jzl4 ) ) . 
  oh yeah , i read that in one of the other comments . 
  what i was saying when i said i do n't agree with the premise of your op was that i am firmly in the camp that believes apple receives too much criticism with regards to this ( or , rather , i think other companies get off too lightly . 
  i think apple should get exactly as much criticism as they do , but so should other companies . ) . 
  that said , i just thought the op was funny anyway . 
  and really , that 's the point of it , so i thought it was good . 
  just curious , is your mbp a with retina ? 
  i was thinking that , but for me that 's an abhorrent argument to make ( most of the time ) . 
  there 's some weight to the anti-apple because of legal stuff ( not much , but some ) . 
  there is ** no ** weight to criticising apple because of the working conditions in china , * except * when put forward by someone who is especially careful to buy a computer manufactured in their own home country , from parts also made in their country . 
  ok , that 's a good one to run with . 
  i assume you also refuse to by microsoft hardware , or amazon , acer , cisco , dell , intel , sony , samsung , nokia , and the other companies that have their manufacturing done at foxconn ? 
  that 's not even mentioning companies that doubtless have their manufacturing done at other chinese facilities with equally bad conditions . 
  yeah , i 've never heard a good explanation for it , either . 
  considering intel uses foxconn , i think a lot of these people probably use foxconn-built computers and devices . 
  ( not to mention microsoft , sony , and nintendo hardware , so good luck getting a gaming console that is n't chinese-built . ), 
  haha cool . 
  tbh i quite like the term retina : it describes what it 's supposed to be . 
  the idea is n't just that retina displays are ultra-high res , but that they are so high res that the human eye can not distinguish them . 
  i 've planned on doing the maths of it for a while but been too lazy to actually verify if any of the three currently `` retina '' devices actually fit that criteria . 
  i kinda wish other manufacturers could use the term , but it seems to either be trademarked so they * ca n't * , or at the very least * associated * with apple so that they * wo n't * . 
  edit : if you 're interested , the formula to work out the maximum * angle between pixels * for it to be a true * retina * display is, 
  sin \u03b8 = 1.22 \u019b / b, 
  where \u03b8 is the angle ( in radians ) from pixel a -  your eyes -  pixel b ( adjacent to a ) , \u019b is the wavelength ( in metres ) of light coming from the display , and b is the distance from you to the screen . 
  you would obviously have to work out the distance between the angle by first working out the distance between the pixels , based on the height of the screen and the total vertical resolution ( or width of screen and horizontal resolution ) . 
  story about a student asking him the purpose ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever even heard that story . 
  and thanks for the link to the lecture for children . 
  i had a different one ( [ this one about orchestration ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ukcsh4iisk ) ) already in my watch later list . 
  god , there 's a lot of these . 
  i look forward to going through them all !, 
  i 'm confused about that statement . 
  yes , the companies giving them this content are very much at fault , but i believe google is too . 
  google could easily remove the footprints once they discover they are invalid , indeed , google should be actively vetting them to make sure public domain content is not entered into the system as being copyrighted , and there should be severe punishments for companies attempting to game the system . 
  ah ok . that series is another one i 've got in my watch later list hahaha . 
  problem a is very true . 
  the competition is there and very well known , but their sites are absolutely horrible . 
  a good , simple , ad-free site ( if it can fix problem b ) would be very welcome . 
  i do n't think it was meant to be a scientifically accurate documentary . 
  it was meant for shock value , and to make a point . 
  it did that excruciatingly well . 
  milky ways are my favourite . 
  but not the sort you get over in the americas . 
  those are shit . 
  completely different product to european and aussie milky ways . 
  the lack of nuts is exactly why i prefer mars bars . 
  the nuts ruin it for me . 
  milky ways beat them all , though . 
  but not those things you get in the americas . 
  completely different product to milky ways in australia and europe . 
  never stand by a new car . 
  i 'm not exactly sure i understand the term `` orientalism '' , but i 'm going to mention [ yellow river piano concerto ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjbu9tyra80 ) . 
  that bassoon and cello piece was really interesting . 
  i love strange instrument combinations !, 
  love dumbarton oaks , too , though i 'm not sure it 's `` hard to believe '' it 's from the same hand as le sacre . 
  although the mood is quite different , it feels somewhat the same style . 
  it made a few points . 
  one is that the average adult american does n't get enough exercise ( it said in it that the amount of exercise he did during the experiment was equal to the average american ) . 
  another is that the portion sizes were far larger than is healthy . 
  shortly after the film came out maccas removed the supersize option . 
  whether or not they did so * because of * the documentary is of course impossible to know , but it certainly looks as though the film may have had something to do with it . 
  like i said in the last comment , he started exercising * the same amount as * the average american does . 
  right , but my point is that it 's stupid to hate on apple and not buy their products for these reasons if you are willing to buy from other companies that do the exact same thing . 
  by all means , if you do n't like what apple makes , do n't get it . 
  but do n't make up excuses like that . 
  there is a brilliant version of it for clarinet solo as well , though . 
   especially when they tried to sue google, 
  never happened . 
  there has never been an apple vs. google lawsuit initiated by apple . 
  ( though google has , in fact , sued apple , but it 's more of a motorola suit than core google as far as i can tell . ), 
  i agree with you on point three , but i do n't think it 's really something that should discourage one from buying it . 
  what the other people who buy the product are like should n't affect your decision . 
  4 is , again , very very true and valid point .
