  but yeah , wikipedia 's [ episode table ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_arrow_episodes#season_2_.282013.e2.80.9314.29 ) ( i 'm assuming that 's where you 've got it from ) rarely has all of them from the start . 
  they tend to list only a handful of episodes into the future . 
  often they wait till they 've got episode names or other specific details before extending the table . 
  do n't lose hope . 
  there are still some who brave the journey with you . 
  spartacus is n't a cw show , though ... 
  do n't abandon hope !, 
  it definitely cane across as being an arsehole to me before i saw the extended context . 
  you got a very different translation from me ... 
   the closed beta for a limited attack can be reached on friday , 14 since march , at 19:00 . gaming time is monday 17 until march at 6:59 . 
  i do n't remember where i read it , but apparently the sound that comes before a sneeze is a completely social/cultural thing . 
  different cultures say something different before sneezing . 
  it 's a learned behaviour . 
  wow thanks a heap for this . 
  as a side note , does anyone have a good timeline of all the elder scrolls games along with explanations of what all the major events were ? 
  it 's been brought up many times in meta threads , and the response is usually just `` well you should browse new and downvote threads that do n't have the name in the title '' . 
  i wish they 'd just make it a rule , though . 
   i think television is going to eventually usurp movies for telling character driven stories, 
  honestly i kinda feel like it already has . 
  it 's been a while since i saw a recent movie that made me think `` wow , the characters and story arc in this movie are incredible . '', 
  that 's not to say there have n't been plenty of good and even great movies recently , just not very much in that way . 
  i do n't agree that that was them `` messing up '' . 
  this game was n't an rpg , it is n't the * player * who is actually making the decision . 
  you are playing joel 's story . 
  it 's a different type of game from something like mass effect or skyrim . 
  [ yup ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kneutn21cuu ), 
  i agree completely . 
  it 's why i did n't complain about the race of the actors in the avatar film adaptation before the movie came out . 
  of course , in that case they had neither the acting nor the looks , but that 's another issue . 
  that said , i think hugh jackman would be a great pick for the role . 
  he 's an amazing actor , and i think that he would be a great pick for the part . 
  pretty sure it 's a long way to go yet . 
  i 'm beginning to think there may not be an end . 
  fwiw , i 'm fairly sure i remember reading somewhere that a significant portion of people do just think visually rather than having an internal monologue . 
  i agree that in general cpi is a good measure , but a grand piano is not s staple good by any means . 
  i wonder if perhaps indexing it against the median income would be worthwhile . 
  fwiw , $ 10 in 1960 would be $ 78.70 in 2013 . 
  what ages are we talking here ? 
  i feel there 's a big difference between 30 & 25 and 22 & 17 , and a huge difference between that and 20 & 15 . 
  no they are n't . 
  at least , not in most of the world , including malaysia air . 
  i 've heard of wi-fi in america and korea , and it 's probably going on in some other developed countries -- maybe canada or parts of europe -- but this flight certainly did n't have wi-fi . 
  oh god what . 
  another new currency to keep track of ? 
  i 'm just seeing square boxes that party obscure his abed flair . 
  a quick google search seems to indicate that [ they sink ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/science/discoveries/2009/0603/air-france-tragedy-time-to-require-black-boxes-that-float-they-exist ) , or at least they did in 2009 . 
  seems like really poor design to me ... 
  got ta be honest , it * looked * like a long way to me at first . 
  checking by eyeballing it using the scale google maps provides , it seems round about 100 km . 
  that would be a distance that [ * can * be swum by some people ] ( http://keepingscore.blogs.time.com/2013/09/02/64-year-old-swimmer-breaks-world-record-for-distance-swim/ ) , but for even most trained swimmers it would be impossible . 
  to be frank , it * is * outside the realm of possibility for them to swim this distance . 
  the only people who have actually swum that far have been people aiming for records . 
  even most professional swimmers -- including long distance swimmers -- would struggle to go this far . 
  i only brought it up so that no one would correct me . 
  if anyone did manage to get out , hopefully they grabbed their life vest before they left , or managed to get a hold of something else that floats . 
  that would be their best chance of being rescued . 
  when you present it that way , sure . 
  but i could equally rewrite the second paragraph to describe how the notice gives the employee time to start looking for alternate employment opportunities so that they are n't left without an income source for too long . 
   also , when i cancel class i make sure that i have a friend ( usually a student ) wait in the classroom for 15 minutes to see if anyone shows up , if anyone shows up he hands them a piece of paper with something written on it . 
  sometimes it 's an i-owe-you for extra credit , or maybe it 's part of the solution to their homework . 
  do you let the students know that you 're doing this ? 
  it seems unfair that a student who checks their email and notices you 're not coming in , so does n't come themselves would * not * get credit , while someone who shows up just because they have n't seen the cancellation notice does . 
  of course , if everyone knows there 's extra credit available for showing up anyway , then it does n't matter . 
   therefore you must master cc if you wish to melee in ava, 
  what 's cc ? 
  you ca n't put them out in the middle of nowhere , there 'd be too much resistance and you 'd lose heaps of power in the wires , not to mention the enormous cost of building those wires . 
  it needs to be fairly close to the city it 's powering . 
  that said , parts of australia would be absolutely perfect targets for building nuclear . 
  we 're an incredibly geologically stable area , so just keep it away from areas prone to bushfires and flooding and you 're golden . 
  edit : i derped . 
  just realised you meant the waste facility . 
  disregard the above . 
  cheers, 
  i could n't complete it because i did n't agree with any of the answers for 3 or 4 . 
  here 's a tip for good survey etiquette : always avoid making a question compulsory . 
  unless absolutely necessary , let people skip it . 
  also try to include an `` other '' and/or none of the above option when you can . 
  if you need more people , try fixing those errors and then reposting to / r/samplesize . 
  yeah same . 
  i 'm always massively outspoken against it , but this was funny and harmless ( unlike actual dst ) , so thanks op . 
  that 's a quartet ? 
  huh ... 
  i never knew . 
  i 've pretty much only heard it performed by string orchestra . 
  i ca n't really imagine it working quite as well with the smaller ensemble . 
  definitely not the `` best '' , but i 'm a huge fan if schubert 's death and the maiden , mainly because my introduction to it was through studying the play of the same name by ariel dorfman . 
  it helps that the quartet is also pretty awesome , of course . 
  is he also one of the youtubers that bitched about the new comment system so much that he decided to block comments ? 
  yeah that 's what i took from it , too . 
  i had completely forgotten about slade having a family . 
  for being mean to others . 
  edit : this is kinda addicting . 
  yeah they really should have a check that the savings are over a certain amount before showing it . 
  if savings < 10 :, 
  else :, 
  show ( ), 
  it 's actually correct python syntax that i used there , assuming the functions dontshow and show were defined , as well as the variable savings . 
  but yeah , the idea was to present it as pseudocode . 
  nah mate i think it might be a small snake . 
  yeah that would have been the more efficient way to do it .
