   party be confused, 
   `` i do n't see people , only shells '', 
   finally clicks : no souls, 
   party looks at tower, 
   tall , dark , very scary , no lights except a single open door to a balcony at the top , chimney blows green smoke , surrounded by dark clouds, 
   party decides to leave cart with wolf daughter and bandit behind and approach tower, 
   as soon as all enter clearing , mist around clearing begins swirling , unseen torches light up around perimeter of clearing , and tower light goes out, 
   party draws weapons and start looking around for movement, 
   rogue ( having dealt with necromancer before on good terms ) calls out to tower, 
   torches go out, 
   all is deathly still, 
   notice shadowy figure on balcony, 
   calls out again, 
   figure vanishes and party hears eerie snarling, 
   approach tower door, 
   rogue checks if door unlocked and opens it, 
   impenetrable blackness inside, 
   rogue reaches hang into blackness, 
   gets divine vision of skeletal figure reaching for rogue, 
   snaps back to reality, 
   steps inside tower, 
   can see again, 
   decides it was all illusion, 
   at this point i 'm screaming in my head at all the missed warning signs and red flags , but screw it , they 'll figure it out ( i hope ), 
   decide to climb stairs, 
   hear zombies awaken outside ( was hoping to get party to retreat to protect characters outside ), 
   party heads upstairs ( god dammit ), 
   room at top of tower shrouded in shadow, 
   rogue tries to sneak, 
   17 , he sneaks, 
   swashbuckler tries the same, 
   steps on a creaky stair, 
   no noticeable reaction from the room . 
   hannibal proceeds as is, 
   top of stairs, 
   rogue sneaky sneaky looks into room, 
   sees dark shadowy figure hunched over where fire pit would be, 
   readies repeating crossbow, 
   swashbuckler readies cutlas and brass knuckles, 
   hannibal strolls in and says hello, 
   figure turns around , raises a skeletal hand, 
   flash of green light, 
   hannibal drops dead, 
   rogue rolls perception , sees a shape slowly move from the body toward the figure, 
   decides to shoot the figure , one shot at hand , one at center mass, 
   misses hand but hits chest, 
   figure raises other hand, 
   flash of green light, 
   rogue drops dead , shape moving slowly from rogue toward figure, 
   swashbuckler decides best course of action is to charge figure, 
   impales figure dealing almost max damage, 
   by now in my head i 'm half chuckling , half in awe at the sheer level of stupid ( party level 3 , lich cr 21 ), 
   figure is unfazed , brings face in close to swashbucklers, 
   growls , breath reeks of death, 
   lowers one hand, 
   swashbuckler decides to try to punch off lichs had with brass knuckles, 
   screw it , he rolls a 18 + , i 'll give it to him, 
  total . 
   blow glances off jaw bone, 
   figure raises hand, 
   flash of green light is the last thing you see, 
   or not, 
   party awakens in room with high vaulted ceiling, 
   a robed figure stands over them , and outstretched, 
   realize is statute of morgoth, 
   high priestess appears abd tells them praise the goddess for she had brought you back to life !, 
  you truly are her emissary !, 
   rogues face when, 
   every bluff so hard you indirectly convince a deity you are their champion ? 
  for future reference , on * this * subreddit , you can do the greentext format by prepending ''  '' to each line . 
  * anywhere * on reddit , it is necessary to put a blank line in between paragraphs . 
  aww , did n't you capture yourself on the way up there ? 
  that was the coolest bit !, 
  looks like they 've made the video private . 
  anyone know why ? 
  the video 's been made private . 
  anyone know the reason ? 
  ( or a mirror ? ), 
   mac osx ( which is only unix-like ), 
  ~ ~ true , but it 's actually * more * unix-like than linux is . ~ ~ it 's the * closest * any normal person is going to come to `` true '' unix today . 
  edit : that first sentence would be better reading : `` wrong . 
  os x is officially unix certified , so it 's far more `` unix '' than linux is . 
  oh cool , i did n't realise . 
  imo sabre dance wins in this respect . 
  also rossinni 's call to the cows . 
  oh man , so jealous . 
  my jazz band briefly played around with a really terrible abridged version of it at one point , but we never performed it . 
  but this is always the piece i point to when people tell me the clarinet is n't a good jazz instrument . 
  on a related note , morning mood ( mentioned in a top-level comment higher up in this thread ) is part of the same piece as [ in the hall of the mountain king ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xriyt-mrvai ) , being movements 1 and 4 from the peer gynt suite , respectively ( and obviously , that in turn comes from the music to the actual play peer gynt ) . 
  whenever this gets mentioned , i feel the need to bring up that there is some debate over the authorship of the piece . 
  while i believe the most common consensus is that it indeed * was * by bach , it is n't 100 % known . 
  o fortuna is fantastic . 
  but it 's so much * more * fantastic in context . 
  it plays right at the beginning of [ this hour long work ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhbg_feitby ) , and then you get a bunch of other stuff ( some of it is very good , some of it less so ) , and then the penultimate movement transitions back in to the reprise of o fortuna in the most spine chillingly awesome way, 
  especially seeing it live is just an incredible experience . 
  nah , far more wagner in williams than tchaikovsky . 
  more holst in him , too , though that 's pretty much exclusively from * the planets * . 
  yeah definitely give cycling a go if you can . 
  if you ca n't ( if it hurts to ride ) , swimming is another good option . 
  wait , is typewriter concerto something that 's used in popular culture ?
