  the argument presented in this article ( which has been brought up before ) is a really poor argument . 
  ah yeah , i would n't refute that claim . 
   obviously if things were different , things would be different - that does n't tell us anything, 
  but does n't that logic make this entire thread completely pointless ? 
  i 'm not sure that 's fair , because it 's an interesting thought experiment . 
  and sure there 's third party voting in some plurality systems , but there 's a lot less of it than when your vote is safe thanks to preferences . 
  that 's why i said that more people would vote for 2pp , but not that * everyone * would . 
  i agree with the phone thing . 
  if you 're going to be playing it back on your phone , vertical video is acceptable . 
  not preferred , but acceptable . 
  but youtube is hardly the only place that does n't allow vertical video . 
  facebook video does n't do it , and the major video players ( vlc , wmp , quicktime ) are all clearly designed for horizontal video . 
  not to mention that actual computer screens are clearly better for horizontal video . 
  so do n't go shitting on youtube for not adding in the option to allow sub-optimally recorded video to be played back in a slightly less sub-optimal way . 
  concert , i agree . 
  but a video of your baby or pet ? 
  those can be important memories and are definitely worth taking . 
  when the child is grown up , or the pet dies , those videos will be memories of a time you can never have back , and that 's a great thing . 
  really ... no classical ? 
  i see it in various forms of media a lot . 
  the only one that comes to mind right now is one of the thieves guild members in skyrim says `` i could care less '' . 
  but it 's in a lot of movies , tv shows , and games . 
  i could care a * lot * less . 
  you 'll hear `` i did n't do nothing '' and many other forms of double negatives here in aus , too . 
  learn the way things go in your computer the first time you use it , then check the cable every time you plug it in . 
  for any computer you use regularly , you should be able to plug in any usb cable first go . 
  i 'll take it . 
  it 's because `` i could care less '' is n't a colloquial idiom for `` i do n't care '' . 
  it 's a mistake , a corruption of the phrase `` i could n't care less '' . 
  it has n't yet become a widely accepted term , which would be the mark of a new colloquialism . 
  and , considering the phrase makes * no * sense , i for one hope that we do n't start accepting it . 
  chrome, 
  sarcasm is fine , it is a well known rhetorical technique . 
  mixing up an idiom and claiming it 's sarcastic ( despite it not actually having the hallmarks of a sarcastic comment ) is not . 
  it 's worth noting that marriage as a concept did not originate because of religion . 
  i do n't remember what exactly it was , but someone on reddit a while back posted really good information about how it was originally a secular institution . 
  not everything that requires action on the part of others removes it from being a right . 
  i have a right to clean water , or shelter . 
  both of those require someone to set up the infrastructure for it . 
  for most people , healthcare is the same . 
  i guess my answer to the op would be libertarianism . 
  i can not fathom how they would accept that it should essentially be every man for himself , without social safety nets . 
   everyone , as a member of society , has the right to social security and is entitled to realization , through national effort ... 
  universal declaration of human rights article 22 . 
  and more to the point , article 25 part 1, 
   everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services , and the right to security in the event of unemployment , sickness , disability , widowhood , old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control . 
  so sorry , but you 're wrong . 
  medical care is laid out quite clearly as a basic human right . 
  to copy and paste a comment i made just above :, 
  not everything that requires action on the part of others removes it from being a right . 
  i have a right to clean water , or shelter . 
  both of those require someone to set up the infrastructure for it . 
  for most people , healthcare is the same . 
  i guess my answer to the op would be libertarianism . 
  i can not fathom how they would accept that it should essentially be every man for himself , without social safety nets . 
  no option for none it multiple as far as preferred browsers and ( in my case ) operating systems go . 
  i do n't think i can complete this without that . 
  i like multiple operating systems equally . 
  if that 's the way you feel , perhaps you should go found your libertarian nation with other people that follow your bullshit philosophy . 
  like it or not , the us has ratified it , and your own eleanor roosevelt was even one of its authors . 
  just because you say rights can only be of a certain quality does not make it so . 
  edit : they 're called positive rights , and healthcare is just one of many . 
  you also have a right to education , for example . 
  realistically without government provisions for them , there are ** no ** rights , because government is the only thing that can enforce them equally for everyone , and thus your rights are not determined by some god given natural order , but are determined by people . 
  agreed , i always recommend against doing this . 
  there are inevitably some programmes that just do n't work properly with dvorak -- or rather the dvorak-qwerty layout that lets you use keyboard shortcuts the same as qwerty -- like office : mac and matlab . 
  for those cases , it 's important to be able to use the qwerty layout , which as a dvorak typist one may have forgotten . 
  but also for those new to dvorak , switching the layout is an awful idea . 
  it will just teach you to relearn bad habits of looking at the keys while typing . 
  yeah uq was one of the major parties involved in the project . 
  i think they mean closest neighbour which has passed marriage equality . 
  could also be referring to cultural ties , though ? 
  nearest can refer to many things apart from geography . 
  i am far nearer to kevin rudd than to tony abbott in my political beliefs , for example . 
  but anyway , the most likely answer is that he was referring to nearest geographical country which has passed marriage equality . 
  i doubt it , the fact that they are politicians implies that when talking about proximity , you are talking about proximity in terms of political beliefs . 
  in general , if you said you are `` close '' to a person , particularly one you know in real life , it would refer to an emotional attachment , not physical proximity . 
  nah man , all the money 's in-game . 
  only loosely related , but i 've heard of film being described as `` the truth , 24 times a second , and every cut is a lie '' . 
  if you want an actual explanation , the labor ( yes , the party is spelled without the u despite being australian ) party introduced a cap n trade emissions trading scheme , with a fixed price period at the beginning . 
  this is considered the standard approach to implementing an ets . 
  however , the media ( 70 % of which is owned by us billionaire rupert murdoch ) and the right wing liberal party were relentless in their attack on labor , and this included falsely presenting the ets as the `` carbon tax '' . 
  this , as well as other scare tactics by abbott and murdoch , successfully convinced the australian public that the rudd and gillard governments were hopeless and ineffective -- despite passing huge amounts of significant legislation . 
  and so we are now stuck with a george bush-like leader for at least the next three years , and our hopes at decent infrastructure improvement ( particularly the fibre to the premises broadband ) are mostly dashed . 
  / r/savethenbn, 
  sorry mate , he left us , and i ca n't say i 'm sad to see him go . 
  he was born australian , but he renounced his australian citizenship in 1985 in order to become a us citizen . 
  and i ca n't say i 'm sad that he left . 
  on the original video . 
  sorry , but this video is unavailable from your location . 
  but hey , at least you have kangaroos and boomerangs . 
  plus you can still watch clips from the daily show with jon stewart at thecomedychannel.com.au, 
  nice . 
  i like the personalisation here in aus . 
  the canadian link is giving me nothing but ads . 
  i 'm watching the third preroll ad at the moment ... 
  edit : and after the third ad , then it tells me the video is unavailable here . 
  and not even a clever message . 
  indeed i have read that before . 
  the only conclusion i can draw from that is , is someone who is willing to give up their citizenship just for a commercial opportunity is certainly * not * the sort of person i would want to be having a strong influence on politics in any country , but especially in the country that they renounced .
