  i could have sworn it was a much shorter ( albeit still very long ) trip from se asia . 
  i assumed he was talking about faces . 
  bethesda seems to have no end to their incapability to make decent faces . 
  just a coincidence , then . 
  the name comes from the guy who `` discovered '' it . 
  shit , seriously ? 
  well , that 's a definite non-starter . 
  or , it would be if it were n't apple . 
  they did 7.9 inches ? 
  damn , i do n't think that makes sense . 
  it 's so close to the same size as the original . 
  to me , 7 inches is a good intermediate between the larger ipad and the smaller iphone . 
  has anyone done the calculations on what a retina display would need to be in order to work on even the smaller imac ? 
  ( taking into account the distance your head would be from it . ), 
   it 's not a new technology, 
  i 'm pretty sure it is n't even apple 's first time doing that . 
  i have n't got specific ideas , but yeah , some clear indicator the reddit is down would be a good feature . 
  for me , i saw the error , but thought nothing of it at first ( it showed that same thing many times intermittently anyway ) , and went to reddit to discover it was down . 
  then i realised nk was showing that because reddit was down and thought it was really cool . 
  hybrid drives have existed before , and their name is n't any cooler . 
  damn . 
  wow . 
  3840 x 2160 and 5120 x 2880 . 
  that 's massive . 
  i do n't expect that to happen any time soon !, 
   unlike the macbook pro, 
  still no mac pro update unfortunately, 
  but i agree , that bit was the most stunning of all the keynotes in the last couple of years in my opinion . 
  oh right . 
  yeah , the last mac pro update was so much worse than a joke . 
  it 's desperately in need of thunderbolt and usb 3.0 , if nothing else . 
  since they 're not radio buttons you can pick more than one . 
  all of these questions should be radio buttons . 
  at the moment you can select multiple answers for each question , but you should only be able to select one for each question . 
  i 've found that when you 're hit there , there 's a massive delay before you feel anything . 
  5 -- 10 seconds of feeling nothing before it sets in massively . 
  a much more pronounced delay than anywhere else . 
  but they wo n't defend themselves , so they ca n't be arrested for self defense . 
  when a guy has a problem he 'll go to someone looking for help and advice . 
  when a girl has a problem she looks for kind words of understanding . 
  if a guy goes to a guy , he gets the help he wanted and all 's good . 
  if a girl goes to a girl , the other girl comforts her and she leaves cheered up . 
  if a guy goes to a girl , he gets comfort and understanding , which is n't what he wanted but it 's nice anyway , and them he goes on to get help from a guy friend . 
  the only trouble comes when a girl goes to a guy for help . 
  she wants comfort , and when the guy tries to help in what to him is a perfectly natural way , she gets mad at him for giving unwanted advice . 
  sort of like she feels he does n't think she 's capable of solving the problem . 
  what ? 
  i did n't know that \ubc25 meant anything other than the cooked rice eaten with meals ... 
  edit : lived in busan for 3 years , fwiw, 
  that 's stuff cures aids . 
  specifically , it 's called galbi or kalbi in latin script , or \uac08\ube44 in korean . 
  oh god yes . 
  i love me some \uac08\ube44 . 
  they should have some hot cross puns while they 're at it . 
  more like happy 1 year of slavery to reddit !, 
  edit : slaviversary ? 
  hey , or at least ` eeeeeeeeyy . 
  writing aaaaaaa makes it seem more like he 's screaming . 
  pluto was discovered during holst 's lifetime , but he did n't write a movement of the planets for it , because he hated how the planets suite had gotten so much more popular than his other works . 
  so yeah , this definitely was n't a stupid question . 
  uk and australia both have it to some extent , but it 's kind of a hang on from the us holiday , and probably would n't exist at all were it not for the prevalence of us film and television . 
  eh , i 've had small halloween celebrations , and it 's always been my least favourite holiday . 
  i just do n't get the appeal . 
  halloween is n't really a thing outside of the us ( and , i 'm assuming , canada ) . 
  sure , you 'll have small celebrations , but it 's not really a large popular holiday like it is there . 
  what they do have is pretty much only a result of the popularity of american film and television anyway . 
  do n't think anyone 's pointed out the relevant username . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  tbh i 'm the same . 
  that was just something i saw somewhere else a while back that i tried to paraphrase . 
  i think it 's assuming the case of * if * a guy is telling someone about his problems . 
  they 're thongs . 
  do n't pander to their weird language . 
  if it really is just for the suit i 'd recommend vietnam . 
  cheaper even than korea , and ( no offense meant to korea ) a better tourist destination . 
  they are . 
  or , at least , they * can * . 
  my sister went to see them do the fellowship in july in australia . 
  unfortunately i was n't able to go . 
  they 're doing ttt in october 2013 in aus . 
  afaik this is set up and performed by local orchestras , so the orchestra this guy saw may or may not also plan on doing the whole trilogy . 
  ** clarinet and drums '' . 
  because drummers are just people that hang out with musicians . 
  the one my sister saw was the state 's symphony orchestra with a guest conductor . 
   it 's counting fresh between browser re-launches as well, 
  yeah , i know , and i did mean since the time i opened chrome . 
  the stat it 's reporting for my current karma is correct according to my user page , and i assume it probably had it correct at the start , too . 
  it 's probably just about the weirdness in reddit 's karma reporting . 
  that is , i think the karma on my userpage went up by less than the karma in the actual submission . 
  if that 's the case , it 's no nk 's problem . 
  if you 're looking at serious merchandise , also do n't forget staffs or rings as an option . 
  i would definitely say this . 
  i would say , however , it 's so much better if you can get a [ one-volume edition of the lord of the rings ] ( http://www.amazon.com/lord-rings-50th-anniversary-vol/dp/0618640150/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1351168979&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=lord+of+the+rings+complete ) , and , if you want , a copy of the hobbit on top of that . 
  the best choice would definitely be a copy of the book ( the hobbit and the silmarillion too if she 's already read the actual book lord of the rings ) . 
  if for whatever reason you do n't want to do that , try and find a coupla tickets to a performance of either [ the lord of the rings symphony ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybzinodv8i8 ) ( an arrangement of the music to tell the story of lotr that stands on its own as music ) , or the lord of the rings in concert ( a live musical performance of the exact soundtrack from one of the films , with the film playing on a screen ) . 
  `` one novel , consisting of 6 books plus appendices , sometimes published in three volumes '' , to be specific . 
  ( edit : i 'm not sure how accurate i 've got that quote . 
  it 's mostly word-for-word accurate , but i may have messed up the specific choice of diction in a couple of places ), 
  and if you get the one-volume edition , you can learn that , because it 's in one of the bits at the beginning ( `` note on the text '' , i think : there are at least three things like that which come before the story in my edition ) . 
  but yeah , they can be incredibly cumbersome if you 're travelling or whatever .
