   because it 's required by my bank, 
  wish my bank had this sort of requirement . 
  mine does n't even allow anything * more * than 8 character passwords . 
  i use lastpass based mainly on gibson 's recommendation !, 
  but you should n't go saying that it 's a `` truly random '' generator . 
  he specifically points out that it is n't : it 's pseudo-random . 
  that does n't mean it is n't good , just that it 's misleading to call it true randomness . 
  that said , i just go with lastpass 's built-in generator , simply because it 's easier , and it 's good enough ( especially considering i use passwords of 20 + characters usually ) . 
   it was slow and boring to start with, 
  yeah definitely . 
  i started out as a bosmer planning to play a stealth style , but i decided i did n't really want to play that way while i was still on the initial island , and i really dreaded having to go through all that again when i played as a dunmer mage . 
  but it was n't too bad the second time , i just rushed through without bothering to listen to stuff and it got out of the way pretty quickly and i was having fun in skyrim ( where the ebonheart pact initial island is ) and then morrowind in no time . 
  it does tend to have the connotation of the stereotypical butch lesbian , though . 
  i mean , it * can * be used for any lesbian , but it 's more common to see it with respect to the butch stereotype . 
  not me . 
  it was a different user . 
  i was just trying to clarify things . 
  but yeah , saying they 're not lesbians but dykes is wrong . 
  yeah one of my two longest play-throughs in skyrim was heavily stealth-based . 
  honestly , i gave up on that character in eso too quickly to have a solid idea of how it works in practice , but it just felt like it would n't work too well . 
  i will say , though , regarding character variance , personally i preferred to play the archetypal destruction mage , from what i 've heard many people do play mix-matched characters and it works well . 
  i 'm facing much the same issue : whether or not to get the game . 
  i 'm thinking i probably will , but i doubt it 'll be through their official store ( or through any of the big australian retailers ) . 
  the only serious danger that people in the city will ever encounter that could be a real threat is the sydney funnel-web , but god damn those things are terrifying . 
  big , scary , highly venomous , and they * are * really aggressive . 
  i think perhaps they could have done the balancing a little better , but i actually like the idea that certain races are a part of certain pacts . 
  i did n't realise that the imperial edition let you get around this -- i thought it was just that if you play as the imperials you can choose your faction . 
  that 's a bit of a game-changer , really . 
  previously i thought the imperial edition was mostly just cosmetic ... 
  as a side note , your autocorrect ( i 'm assuming ) did some really weird things with the word `` faction '' . 
  you 've got `` f action '' , `` faction '' ( random caps ) and `` fraction '' . 
  hmm , yeah , on the order page under `` digital pre-purchase bonuses + explorer 's pack '' it does say :, 
   play any race in any alliance, 
  which i had up until now just assumed it worked the same way as it did during the beta . 
  you can play any race and any alliance , but the alliance is chosen by the race . 
  that it was just poorly worded . 
  just found out , though , that when you hover over the above text , it shows :, 
   your characters can join any of the alliances , no matter which race you choose . 
  that seems much clearer . 
  i 'm assuming he 's talking about all the misogynistic stuff gillard got . 
  assuming what 's said in [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1xpe5g/til_in_australia_anyone_can_be_forced_to_hand/cfdhjee ) is correct , then this is actually a completely reasonable law . 
  they 're required to go through a judge and get permission before doing it . 
  that 's exactly the same as when they need to get a warrant to search your house or your car currently . 
  the only difference is they 're searching digital goods instead of physical ones . 
  but yeah , we do actually have a really good set of labour laws , including a liveable minimum wage ; a great healthcare system ; low education costs , which can be taken on a loan that is paid back slowly once you enter the workforce and is at 0 interest , indexed to inflation , and many other positives . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are problems . 
  the people are incredibly conservative : a recent study showed that over 50 % of australians do n't believe in anthropogenic climate change , the complains over asylum seekers ( termed `` illegal immigrants '' ) is horrendous . 
  freedom of speech is a little too limited for my liking ( though it 's not limited enough in the us ) , and even after our recent 18 + game rating , some games continue to get banned . 
  but there 's good and bad , and on the whole i 'd say the good outweighs the bad . 
  regarding the game thing , it 's really easy to get around , and even though importing the games is technically illegal , * having * them is n't ( except for one state ) , so once you 've got it you 're fine . 
  assuming what 's said in [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1xpe5g/til_in_australia_anyone_can_be_forced_to_hand/cfdhjee ) is correct , then this is actually a completely reasonable law . 
  they 're required to go through a judge and get permission before doing it . 
  that 's exactly the same as when they need to get a warrant to search your house or your car currently . 
  the only difference is they 're searching digital goods instead of physical ones . 
  but yeah , we do actually have a really good set of labour laws , including a liveable minimum wage ; a great healthcare system ; low education costs , which can be taken on a loan that is paid back slowly once you enter the workforce and is at 0 interest , indexed to inflation , and many other positives . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are problems . 
  the people are incredibly conservative : a recent study showed that over 50 % of australians do n't believe in anthropogenic climate change , the complains over asylum seekers ( termed `` illegal immigrants '' ) is horrendous . 
  freedom of speech is a little too limited for my liking ( though it 's not limited enough in the us ) , and even after our recent 18 + game rating , some games continue to get banned . 
  but there 's good and bad , and on the whole i 'd say the good outweighs the bad . 
  regarding the game thing , it 's really easy to get around , and even though importing the games is technically illegal , * having * them is n't ( except for one state ) , so once you 've got it you 're fine . 
  it 's not really such a bad place . 
   do enough digging, 
  well , australia certainly has !, 
  i read somewhere that the horse is a pretty stock standard one in terms of stats . 
  the advantage there is that you 'll have one much earlier in the game . 
  ( as well as cosmetics . ), 
  i 'm not sure about the actual imperial race , but i assume it 's the same -- level playing field , but better cosmetically . 
  it 's a big mistake in my eyes if they do n't do that . 
  no , and i 'm not sure if i will or not . 
  i 've not paid for any mmo in a long time , and when i did it was only $ 5 per month and my parents paid for it . 
  wait , you ca n't play as the imperial race ? 
  what is this referring to , then ? 
   play as an imperial, 
   play as an imperial and play in any alliance . 
  gain unique bonuses , crafting styles , gear and more !, 
  i read that and just assumed it was the imperial race ... 
  edit : pretty sure imperial showed as a race during character creation in the beta , but it was n't selectable . 
  editedit : just found it , i actually took a screenshot of the race selection screen and yeah , it 's there . 
  i 'm not entirely sure you understand how encryption works . 
  according to a comment further up the thread , different courts in the us have gone different ways . 
  some consider it protected under your 5th amendment , some consider it the same as being compelled to hand over the keys to your storage locker . 
  oh yeah , fair enough . 
  that definitely is misleading , i noticed that myself when i first saw it . 
  the shorthand thing , i 'm really not sure about . 
  i can see a case being made for it . 
  the way i view encryption , though , is that it is the digital equivalent of locking something in a safe or storage locker . 
  if a judge is already entitled to give a warrant in that case , i do n't really understand why they would n't be able to for encryption . 
  the most important thing is accountability on the part of police and judges , not to ask for or grant warrants that are n't well-justified . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen customer reviews on steam , or seen the option to leave a review . 
  i believe you that they 're * there * , but they 're not as integrated into the overall experience as they are on amazon , where it 's impossible to miss them , and you get a followup email after you buy something asking for a review . 
  a study found that 76 % of people will believe any claim with a statistic given in it . 
   and ( regrettably ) runescape, 
  why do you say that ? 
  runescape was a great game . 
  sure , it went down the toilet around ' 07 , but it was awesome before that . 
  but anyway , i did n't find the first 10 levels were boring in this game . 
  i found that the initial tutorial in coldharbour was pretty dull ( though not to any terrible level ) , but once you arrive on your starter island it improves significantly , and then when you reach the mainland it 's awesome from the get-go . 
  that 's around , what , level 5 ? 
  i think the biggest problem is they do n't make it prominent . 
  on amazon you can see aggregate ratings right at the top in plain sight .
