  to be fair , it really should have been no spoilers . 
  huh ... are you sure ? 
  my french is n't great , but i could 've sworn it was the same as mangeait ... 
  edit : just checked google translate , and its audio pronunciations said mangeai and mangeait the same . 
  an interesting bug , if that 's what it is . 
  nah mate , most people here ( queensland ) when they say footy are referring to aussie rules , except in certain specific contexts . 
  they 'll say `` league '' or `` the nrl '' to refer to rugby league . 
  ( and , of course , rugby union is often just `` rugby '' . ), 
  you should give one if the rugby codes a go . 
  rugby league especially has a surprisingly similar playstyle to gridiron , but is much faster and more free flowing . 
  yeah i was a bit stuck on what he meant until i read the text inside the brackets on that one . 
  haha fair enough . 
  being from brisbane i may have been a little seq-centric there . 
  speaking as an android user myself , that has really * not * been my experience . 
  the past couple of years i 've found the android fanboys far more intolerable with this stuff than apple users . 
  i 've had to leave some otherwise great communities just because i got sick of the amount of self-righteousness and hate whenever an apple announcement happened . 
  outside of the us , visa paywave and mastercard paypass ( the same technology used in apple pay etc. ), 
  are already widely adopted . 
  here , i can go to my local supermarket , or to a maccas , or to most places i would typically go shopping , tap my card on the receiver , and if it 's under $ 100 , i can pay for it without needing to enter my pin . 
  it 's super convenient . 
  by helping support the phone stuff , you 'd also be supporting increased adoption of paywave , which should hopefully be available from most major banks either already or very soon . 
  not on phones , but paywave/paypass get used * all the time * here in australia . 
  every major bank gives out cards that support it ( and most small banks ) and you can use it in every major store/supermarket/fast food restaurant . 
  i basically never enter my pin anymore . 
  ever seen visa paywave or mastercard paypass ? 
  perhaps something like [ this ] ( http://www.armourcard.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/pay-wave-pass.gif ) ? 
  every woolies and coles supports it , as well as maccas , hungry jacks , and kfc . 
  it 's not technically the same thing as nfc , but the two are intercompatible such that any receiver designed for apple pay will also accept paywave payments . 
  * everything * samsung sucks . 
  i feel like that 's something people from both sides can get behind . 
   which forbids sexual relations if the party is more then two years older then the 16 year old, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but should that not read, 
   which forbids sexual relations if the party is more than two years older than the * under * 16 year old, 
  i would n't have a clue what you were talking about if you said courgette . 
  eggplant and aubergine i 'd be okay with . 
  i 've heard the names of milky ways and 3 musketeers in the us were the result of a mix up at the factory , and each was supposed to have the other name . 
  obviously when it came to release overseas , they must have corrected that . 
  chips are chips !, 
  chips are chips !!, 
  ( yeah ... the australian usage is ... inefficient , to say the least . ), 
  is the colour profile different , or was brisbane just a heck of a lot greener back then ? 
  grr martin had apparently originally intended a time skip between the first book and the rest of them . 
  he had to remove it because of some other events that would n't have made sense . 
  but that 's why we ended up with so many of the lead characters being so young . 
  not quite . 
  she turned 17 this year . 
  anyway , i have n't read past the show , but from what i 've heard , i 'm afraid that is n't quite what you 'll be getting . 
  yeah that kind of thing is what i was talking about when i referred to the colour profile . 
  huh ? 
  is n't / u/kunir1 also talking about aragorn ? 
  it 's, 
  oh right . 
  not really sure how one could ever call gandalf emo . 
  the istari are sent to arda by the valar , and in that sense i suppose you could vaguely call them religious . 
  and once saruman was expelled from the order , gandalf was the most powerful member , so in that sense he 's kinda the head of an organisation . 
  40 candidate elections are unreasonable ? 
  you should have tried being in australia last year . 
  my state had over 80 candidates running for the senate , and nsw had over 100 . 
  and our law requires that if you vote below the line , you have to number every . 
  single . 
  one of the candidates , you ca n't just stop when you want your vote to be exhausted . 
  haha no , you 're exactly right . 
  i actually had middle earth down the initially , but edited it right after to be a bit more inclusive , on account of the blue wizards leaving middle earth prior to the time of the hobbit . 
  and sauron/the necromancer . 
  honestly , i taught myself to write with my right hand in the past few months just so i could use a fountain pen . 
  my state 's elections allow this , but yeah , unfortunately , for federal elections , if you want to choose where your vote goes , you have to do that . 
  we have the option of voting `` above the line '' , where we simply put `` 1 '' next to our preferred party and nothing else ( and most people do this ) . 
  the problem with this is that it means our preferences are distributed exactly how that party wants , which is n't always in the voter 's best interests . 
  it was by manipulating this system that a member of the `` australian motoring enthusiast party '' got elected at the last election , despite getting just 0.5 % of the primary vote . 
  you may only have it that way at first , but one of the biggest advantages of stv is that it would help alleviate the absolute total 2-party system you guys have . 
  over time , you would most likely get at least a couple of minor parties popping up , and you could reasonably expect at least something like 20 candidates per electorate . 
  there are a number of different systems for allocating surplus votes . 
  some of them are fairly complicated , and others are as simple as `` we randomly select the right number of ballots '' . 
  but more commonly , it will be some system to get a proportional amount . 
  [ see here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/counting_single_transferable_votes#surplus_allocation ) . 
  the term `` social justice warrior '' is a bit of a misnomer . 
  it is n't used for people who want to improve the situation of minorities , it 's used for `` feminazi '' types who take a default stance of `` straight white men are all to blame for everything wrong in society '' , or things like that , or those who refuse to acknowledge , or who trivialise , anything in society that puts straight white men at a disadvantage in a particular field . 
  why is everyone in this thread saying 144 ? 
  has twitter changed recently ? 
  because last time i remember , it was only 140 characters . 
  as / u/lystrodom said , the convention in sql is to type keywords in all case . 
  for example :, 
  select fields from table, 
  where criteria ;, 
  oh yeah i totally understand why it is . 
  it 's actually rather convenient . 
  it 's just that it 's rather amusing to think of it as being shouting ( which is how i tend to instinctively read it in my head ) . 
  yes , it 's a phonetic alphabet , but the way it 's structured means that they typically have two or three ( and can have 4 in some cases ) sounds to one computer character . 
  for example : '' \ud55c\uad6d\uc5b4 '' ( pronounced han-gug oh ) is 8 of what we would call `` letters '' , but only takes up three characters on twitter . 
  each of these characters is a syllable . 
  but what if you see yourself as kind of middle of the road ? 
  fuck you if you use a mac or linux , right ? 
  i agree that the way we have it set up is terrible , but i do n't think the fact that there are lots of candidates is a bad thing . 
  any system can have a lot of people decide to run , and that 'll result in enormous ballot papers . 
  the problem we have is the required complete numbering , and the group voting tickets that came about to make things easier . 
  i mean , i suppose it 's * possible * that it was these gvts that resulted in a lot of parties deciding to register in the hopes of getting a few votes , but i still do n't think it 's particularly a bad thing if there were 3-4 times the number of candidates as places , rather than the just over 2 times that you suggested . 
  ( it means you can have at least a couple of significant third parties , as well as some minor parties & independents . ), 
  1000 days '' / u/buartha eat his cat '', 
  why not also allow the remindme bot ? 
  it 's really helpful .
