  i type at about that on dvorak when i know what it is i need to type . 
  up from about 70 -- 80 on qwerty . 
  oh i thought that part was referencing the whole `` there is no movie in ba sing se '' thing . 
  yeah good point . 
  i 'm also on mobile , and i dunno if it 's available or not . 
  your best bet would be to search youtube for the title : `` you are wrong about sucker punch '' . 
  ai n't just america , mate . 
  there is the same problem in at least australia and the uk , and i 'd be very surprised if the rest of the anglosphere ( canada , new zealand ) and potentially the rest of the western world does n't have exactly the same issue . 
   i 'm just saying it 's a slippery slope . 
  you 're arguing based on fallacious reasoning . 
  there 's no reason to assume that the first thing will necessarily lead to the second , here , and it is fearmongering to suggest otherwise . 
  i do n't want to get rid of gender segregated toilets mainly because as a man , the men 's toilets very rarely have any sort of line up , while the women 's often do . 
  it 's completely selfish , but that 's my reasoning . 
  my favourite border is the australia -- southern ocean border . 
  mainly because it involves a geographical term called a bight . 
   the us is the world 's most multicultural country, 
  luxembourg , australia , and switzerland would like to have a word with you . ^ [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( http://abc.net.au/news/2010-11-17/australia-second-most-multicultural-country/2339884 ), 
   only one cast member had anything describable as a career after, 
  which cast member do you mean ? 
  presumably harrison ford . 
  i would contend that you 'd be * very * hard pressed to say that mark hamill did n't also have a pretty good career in film and television after star wars . 
  nevertheless , i do agree with your thoughts on the films themselves . 
  well fuck ... 
  aside from the actual colour of the background , is there any significance to the `` colour '' of the board ? 
  i would point out that a slippery slope is n't actually * necessarily * a logical fallacy . 
  it 's almost always used in a way that 's fallacious , but it is n't necessarily . 
  to not be , there must be a direct causal relationship between each step from a , to b , to c , etc. 
  in this case , there 's no clear indication that the first thing will lead to * anything * other than just that , and thus it was a fallacious use . 
  oh interesting . 
  i never knew that . 
  thanks . 
  at least according to one report i saw , the law is * only * covering stuff * produced * in the uk . 
  you can watch whatever you like , as long as somebody else made it . 
  i do n't live in america , so i ca n't comment on what it 's actually like from experience , but presumably the show takes up a one hour time slot . 
  the episodes are in the usual ~ 40 minute length for something that 's one hour of tv . 
  so while it might feel longer for whatever reason , the actual amount of show to ads is n't different to any other show . 
  i still think einstein 's formula for * kinetic energy * was worse . 
  at least with this one , you can kinda imagine `` oh , perhaps the amount of rust in central city is for some reason higher than starling '' , but saying e = mc ^ 2 is kinetic energy has no defence or explanation possible, 
  i do live on the east coast . 
  of australia ... 
  any * gsm * carrier . 
  for most of the world , this means that yes , 112 will get you through . 
  however , in a few countries , and a couple of the carriers in america , this does n't work quite so well . 
  at the very least , australia definitely qualifies , with lots of people from europe , asia , and oceania . 
  admins , not mods . 
   slavery clothes, 
  huh ? 
  is this a reference to something ? 
   i cant see on mobile, 
  you really need to get an app . 
  reddit is fun on android and ( the newly * official * ) alien blue on ios are both fantastic apps , and far * far * better than going to m.reddit.com in your browser . 
  what conversation are you talking about ? 
  but it still is n't really referencing any particular conversation ... 
  that 's the one . 
  fun story , [ sir bearington actually did n't originate in a greentext ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 2dpqop/the _ original_story_of_sir_bearington / ) . 
  haha sorry mate , i 'm not eeng , i 'm softeng . 
  do n't have to do 3010 . 
   classic liberalism is dead, 
  so , either your understanding of what `` classic liberalism '' means is different to mine , or you randomly decided to throw your political beliefs into the comment , completely unrelated to the rest of what you were saying . 
  not that i disagree with the point , just that it seemed out of place . 
  i would argue that this is the * definining characteristic * of science fiction . 
  it 's what makes star trek ( in particular the shows , the movies -- especially the recent reboots -- to a lesser degree ) scifi , but star wars is a space opera . 
   they would n't kill a mainish character so soon, 
  that 's what i thought at the start of episode 1 . 
  especially since they claimed he was former asis . 
  please . 
  joe west is basically barry 's father figure . 
  of course he 's gon na die . 
  both characters are meant to be australian . 
  tarabay ( who plays boomerang ) is lebanese-american , while bennett ( deathstroke ) is a kiwi . 
  the what now ? 
   piratear, 
  i 'm guessing that part 's about pirating it . 
  whoa some context to the spoiler warning would 've been nice . 
  i 'm caught up , so i thought i 'd be fine watching that video . 
  but nope , the few seconds it took me to realise this is future spoilers was enough to spoil the next episode , even if just a little bit . 
  oh cool , where ? 
  in the time it took me to read the title , a few seconds of video had already played out . 
  yeah , i never would have guessed bennett had been to australia . 
  but still , a kiwi trying to pass for an aussie character works a hell of a lot better than a lebanese-american does . 
  i just wan na point out that if you 're gon na talk about that stupid faux french pronunciation , putting an accent on it ... does n't make a difference . 
  ballet is n't spelt ball\u00e9t , for example . 
  you could go with targ\u00e9 , i guess , though . 
  can someone explain to me why they changed from 3rd level headers to 2nd level at journal entry 154 ? 
  but holy fuck , this is * reaaaly * long . 
  but the summary makes it look like it 'll be totally worth it . 
  might just have to ration myself to a couple dozen entries per day . 
  i 've only * ever * used my mac with my nexus 4 . 
  never plugged it in to my windows desktop , except for purely charging purposes . 
  `` android file transfer '' has a clunky interface , but it works just perfectly for me . 
  from what i 've heard , the nexus 6 ( starting at $ 869 for 32 gb ) has very little improvement in battery life over the nexus 5 , so there 's that . 
  seriously , the apple trackpad is so damn good . 
  i played portal 1 and 2 entirely on my mbp without plugging in a mouse . 
  could never even think of doing that on any other touchpad . 
  i recently discovered the commands pbcopy and pbpaste . 
  i dunno if that 's an apple-specific thing , or if any bash terminal will have it , but oh god is it useful . 
  yeah whatever devices you go with , you pretty much need to pick one ecosystem and go all in . 
  personally , i 'm a huge fan of google 's ecosystem , with drive , gmail ( / inbox ) , youtube , and all the things chrome syncs . 
  i prefer it because i use both windows and os x quite extensively . 
  because of that , i went with a nexus phone , and i 'll probably go something close to the nexus experience when i come around to upgrading my old nexus 4 .
