  thanks for uploading !, 
  the big corporations , of course . 
  lower prices drive out competition , and once the competition is gone , they have a monopoly and can charge as much as they please . 
   libertarianism advocates family and community action to take care of one another, 
  that 's an absolutely wonderful philosophy , but unfortunately an entirely unrealistic one . 
  i ca n't speak to op 's views , but my opinion would be that ancaps have all the ( many ) flaws of libertarianism , and far , far more . 
   miscommunication is rape, 
  if someone does n't want to have sex , but fails to communicate that in an adequate way , leaving the other party believing that they did , in fact , want to partake , that is * not * rape . 
  your bullet points , i agree with completely -- if you have reason to believe the other party may not want to partake in sex , you should not push them to do so -- however , a person can not be expected to accurately judge this , and the ultimate responsibility should always be down to whoever it is that does n't want to partake to communicate that fact . 
  i also find it * incredibly * telling in this thread that the only thing that seems to be mentioned is male on female rape . 
  we really should be talking in gender neutral terms , because rapes do occur in any combination of male and female parties . 
  except that in practice we see , time and time again , that that is * not * what happens . 
  for a few cycles , perhaps , but eventually people are going to notice that the large corporations just keep putting competitors out of business , and less and less will begin to pop up . 
  you claim that the government has a tendency to keep competitors out . 
  i honestly do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  the point of government is to regulate the economy in the exact opposite way : in the consumer 's interest , and that 's the way i see it acting most of the time . 
  for example , here in australia we have two massive supermarket chains , which together make up 70 % of the market . 
  ( the two biggest in the uk are about 50 % , and in the us much less than that . ), 
  part of how they keep away competition is by buying out competitors , and by `` greenfield acquisitions '' , where they purchase land competitors may be interested in , and just sit on it . 
  government regulation could stop these anti-competitive actions , but the free market can not . 
  [ this comment is four hours old now ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1gvpsp/my_piece_of_advice_for_all_you_folk_playing_the/caoujmg?context=2 ), 
  honestly , the flaws are so many , and my experience has been that people who hold them are incredibly set in their ways/resistant to reason . 
  i 'll give a brief overview , but i do n't intend to make this a long conversation . 
  libertarianism : the free market has far too many flaws for it to work . 
  there 's a fine balance to be met between free-market capitalism and over-regulation , and where that lies is debatable , but there certainly needs to be some reasonable level of government intervention . 
  without any regulation there will be an enormous shortage of important services such as education and healthcare , which have positive externalities . 
  ancaps : the same as above , but also with even more crucial infrastructure such as roads . 
  then , the lack of a central legal system would cause absolute disarray . 
  the usual proposal of different agencies that work with arbiters is just utter nonsense . 
  just one example : if i choose an agency that 's against the death penalty and commit an offence against someone whose agency supports the death penalty , there 's no easy way to resolve that situation . 
   yet we give far more to charity than any other comparable country in the world, 
  [ that is demonstrably false . 
  i agree that people give money to charity , and even perhaps a large amount . 
  but those amounts are no where near what is required to pay for the healthcare and education of every citizen in the country . 
  the costs of that are just too large . 
  sure , i replied to the reply by / u/monkyyy [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1gx12i/i_believe_that_modern_libertarians_are_exchanging/cap1ok0?context=3 ) . 
  basically , i 'm not saying it has bad visuals for a game . 
  in fact , it has great visuals for a game . 
  however , i 'm viewing it as though it 's a movie , and compared to an animated or live action film , the visuals are n't very good . 
  especially when you consider youtube 's compression on top of that . 
  urgh the bill gates one was particularly bad . 
  the hate on him for `` avoiding '' taxes was just ridiculous . 
  look into the economic principle of externalities . 
  i typed out a long response and then hit the refresh button by accident . 
  poof . 
  all lost . 
  a quick summary of what i had . 
  coles and woolies have some bad business practices including ripping off farmers . 
  they can do this because of their size and buying power . 
  with far more regulation , our telecommunications industry is incredibly good compared to the us ( where a company like ting is considered a good deal ) . 
  i 'd say on the whole the level of government intervention is a poor predictor of how much competition there will be in a market . 
   no one claims to solve those, 
  uh ... no . 
  and if you think that you really do need to actually look into it and what they mean . 
  it 's high school economics stuff . 
  well , did you surrender ? 
  a4 is normal printer paper . 
  a5 is half that , a3 is double a3 . 
   but the movie was good too, 
  really ? 
  i put it in my top three worst movie adaptions of previously existing content . 
  the other two being eragon and avatar . 
  but yes , the tomorrow series is an absolutely phenomenal series . 
  the sequel series : the ellie chronicles is kinda mediocre in comparison , but a nice read to get closure . 
  i 'm not related to this , but i took a look out of interest . 
  it looks as though the form on / apply should be a google form embedded into the page . 
  if you 've got anything that might prevent that from loading smoothly , try turning them off . 
  it 's only a cursory glance over what they want , but i suspect that you do n't necessarily need programming experience . 
  it does say `` several or all of the following technologies '' , so that implies you do n't need them all . 
  still , if you 're interested in learning programming to better your chances , learning some basic programming skills is n't difficult . 
  [ you can learn python here ] ( http://www.codecademy.com/tracks/python ) . 
  although personally i did n't find it to be a very well-built resource , it does come highly recommended . 
  coursera has some cool courses , too . 
  i would imagine based on your comment that you 're probably their ideal candidate , but i do n't really know what they actually want . 
  hmm ... this is interesting . 
  personally i think it 's irrelevant , and i would call us and the us a democracy even if on a technicality it is n't quite accurate . 
  however , you actually are wrong . 
  all our votes are not equally weighted . 
  the senate means that people in smaller states ' votes are worth more than those in larger states , since each state has an equal number of senators . 
  heavy rain , and the upcoming beyond : two souls . 
  both are games that concentrate heavily on having brilliant stories and on character development . 
  i recommend looking over the history of this sub , i believe the question has been asked quite recently before . 
  was it really ? 
  have you a link ? 
  i saw the 2012 one , and one earlier ( i think 2010 , but it may have been as early as 2008 ) , and the us was in the same position . 
  high , but not top . 
  but i think that a look at that list shows quite clearly that there 's no correlation between government intervention and charitable giving , and thus there 's no reason we could expect a large enough increase in spending if the government were to cease funding education and healthcare to cover that gap . 
  as for your last two paragraphs , have you any evidence for them ? 
  i 'm not aware of anything that would imply they are correct . 
  and even if they are , that is n't necessarily to do with centralised healthcare as a whole , but with the implementation of it in the us , which is largely considered poor when compared to the uk or australia . 
  it is more than emotional attack . 
  it 's fact . 
  externalities were covered when i took economics in high school , that makes it `` high school economics stuff '' . 
  if you really ca n't be bothered looking it up , i can explain it to you here if you like . 
  i 've taken a lot of my time understanding ancaps and libertarians , and have , as a result , come to the conclusion that the philosophies are utter nonsense . 
  i do n't assume they are `` just stone age tribes man worshiping stonechickens '' , as you put it . 
  in fact , your claim there is itself an emotional attack , rather curious that you would resort to that immediately after misguidedly calling me out for it . 
  i understand what the beliefs are in a fair amount of detail , and everything i 've found has made me trust it less and less . 
  it seems based entirely on an ideology and assuming behaviours that people have never exhibited nor can we reasonably expect them to exhibit in the future . 
  edit : and who `` they '' are is no one , it 's the principle of externalities previously mentioned .
