  not bad . 
  ## might of the magus, 
  ouch . 
  that 's painful . 
  in a good way !, 
  i really like this one . 
  ## residual power, 
  the only thing i would change is to restrict the asi to an ability score with which you can cast spells . 
  ( e.g. , a human wizard can only use int , a high elf warlock can use either int or cha , and a tiefling cleric/eldritch knight can use any of the mental stats . ), 
  ## rugged wanderer, 
  not bad . 
  ## seize foe, 
  more things to make grappling a worthwhile option are always welcome . 
  mechanically i think it 's fine , but in terms of flavour it feels too powerful . 
  i know that sounds kinda odd , but basically i do n't think it makes sense for someone , without the use of magic , to be able to simply * gain * darkvision over time , or be able to sense silent , invisible objects that are over a metre away . 
  ## somatomancer, 
  the second half of the first bullet point feels redundant , given passive insight will usually be greater than 8 , and nearly always greater than 8 in a character willing to take this feat . 
  otherwise good . 
  ## versatile weapons master, 
  i did n't like the +1 to hit when wizards did it in ua . 
  i do n't like it here . 
  the second bullet point is unfortunately necessary raw , though any sane dm will already let you drop a shield for free if you want to , regardless of the dumb official rules . 
  i really like most of this , but i 'm having a hard time envisaging the third bullet point . 
   death saving throws already give you a 50/50, 
  death saving throws are 55/45 normally . 
  advantage is worth +5 only if the target die roll is 11 . 
  the higher or lower they get , the weaker advantage becomes . 
  in this case , it 's worth * slightly * less than +5 on average , so it 's a 79.75 % chance of success . 
  just making sure you 're entirely clear on the correct maths at play here . 
   being able to push someone off a cliff without a single save is not op ? 
  that 's not an argument , that 's flat op, 
  tell that to my warlock . 
  hey , whenever sharing times of events online , it would be super helpful if you could share them in utc . 
  that way everyone , wherever they are in the world , is able to easily work out when it is . 
  cheers . 
  90 % of these `` hur durr is n't skype terribad '' posts are reaching . 
  they just complain about skype doing basic stuff that most chat applications have been implementing over the past couple of years . 
  good bot, 
  hi sorry / u/etzlo , but i 'm removing this post . 
  this is not a subreddit for asking questions about official material , it 's a place for sharing homebrew content that you have made or found and getting feedback on it . 
  vietnam 's is as well . 
  at least the 10,000 dong and higher notes . 
  ( lower denominations are super cheap flimsy paper stuff . ), 
  bad bot, 
  you are aware that a single councillor can not pass legislation unilaterally , right ? 
  he needs to convince the other councillors that it 's necessary , and that they 're not going to lose their seats by doing it , which in turn means demonstrating that the public is in favour of it , or convincing the public to * be * in favour of it . 
  oh , i see what you mean now . 
  i do n't necessarily agree , but that 's an opinion i can definitely respect . 
   ## discrimination, 
   1 . the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people , especially on the grounds of race , age , or sex . 
  that is , without a doubt , what is occurring if marriage equality does not exist . 
  that 's literally the definition , mate . 
  your sentence there would be better aimed at yourself . 
  except that screenshots are way simpler on mac , out of the box , than on windows . 
   efficiency in the market is n't the only goal in healthcare . 
  healthcare is one of the perfect examples of why purely ideological libertarianism is a terrible idea , and why it is a very good thing that leyonhjelm and others like him are not taken seriously by a majority of australians . 
  fundamentalist libertarianism is a * dangerous * ideology for society , and leyonhjelm perfectly represents that . 
  there are obviously other more complex reasons it 's not a great idea , but healthcare works really nicely as an easy thing you can point a stick at and say `` look , see how terrible their plans are ? '', 
  i 've editorialised the title just a little . 
  i hope it 's okay , but it was to make it clear what the article was about , and how it is relevant to this subreddit . 
  here 's a computer-generated summary ( with some manual additions in square brackets ) that i think does a good job of providing a tl ; dr :, 
   the recently released chinese student 's recording of the argument he has with his teacher about using the word `` taiwan '' illustrates how issues of sovereignty and territoriality can be very emotional for chinese students . 
   ... it is not clear from the video exactly what the teacher said that caused the student such offence ; however , newcastle university said in a statement that the lecturer was using material from a transparency international report `` which used the term ` countries ' to describe both countries and territories '' . 
  [ rather , the student repeatedly appeals to emotion , in particular , how referring to `` taiwan '' as a separate country hurts the feelings of chinese students . ], 
   what is immediately notable is that while the student is not satisfied with his teacher 's position , he does not even attempt to deploy what he may consider to be relevant facts or rational counter-arguments to support his own case . 
  he is not trying to draw on his understanding of history , or setting out what he might see to be the relevant details of the `` one country two systems '' arrangement that currently governs the relationship between the mainland and the island . 
   ... in a similar vein , my chinese friends and colleagues would tend to react with great emotion if they felt that china was being criticised by an outsider -- even in relation to topics like the weather or the traffic . 
   [ the chinese student 's lecturer was right to say that his course could not cater to any particular group , and that navigating different views and opinions is an integral part of the learning experience . 
  but it is very difficult for many chinese students to accept that `` the taiwan issue '' is in any way a matter of opinion . ], 
  fwiw , the article is very much * not * pro china . 
  it 's a somewhat unfortunate headline , but the main interesting takeaway of the article is `` chinese students are bad at arguing properly , because they have n't been taught how , and instead rely on emotional arguments '' , and `` they feel emotionally invested in criticism of their country , in a way westerners usually do not '' . 
  the article does n't really even say we * should * be more considerate of their feelings . 
  the penultimate sentence said it best :, 
   the chinese student 's lecturer was right to say that his course could not cater to any particular group , and that navigating different views and opinions is an integral part of the learning experience . 
  fwiw , the professor in this case seems to be indian . 
  given what sino-indian relations are like , it 's not particularly surprising that the professor refused to back down in this case . 
  ( that said , the professor is undoubtably in the right on this issue . ), 
  this would be a good headline for a satire article . 
  something about how , since britain introduced marriage equality , they have now gone full retard and decided to vote to leave the european union . 
  i was referring to runescape when i said that , and i meant to say 2007 , not 2017 . 
  i never heard of any controversial flyff changes . 
  google play music does the same thing for the same price , but in addition you also get the benefits of youtube red . 
  plus , for free , you 've got an itunes-like library service that stores your music in the cloud to be accessible on any device . 
  way better than a streaming-only service . 
  what do you mean by `` no good way '' ? 
  facebook seems to still have its own notification sound . 
  anyway , do you happen to know where in the system settings one would need to go to set the sounds for a specific app ? 
   but that was n't customized by you , the user . 
  ah true . 
  i thought you could customise it , but it looks like you ca n't . 
   i think the setting is on the notification itself, 
  yeah , long pressing the notif brings up a menu , but it does n't have the option to do anything with the sound used . 
  it just lets you toggle the notification dot for the app , or toggle the fact that it makes a sound at all for each notif channel ( called `` categories '' in this settings page ) . 
  i played in my high school 's jazz/big band for three years before picking up the sax . 
  and both before and after picking up sax , i played in smaller 4 -- 6 piece bands on the clarinet with some regularity . 
  the clarinet works great as a solo instrument in jazz , but it 's too weak to try to be a proper part of the ensemble . 
  what really disturbs me about this is that we were never given any chance to object . 
  there were never any news articles saying this is what the government is considering doing . 
  or saying that parliament is debating this bill . 
  i do n't know if that 's because it went from first being tabled to assent in just one day , or if it 's because the press did n't bother reporting on it until after the process was completed .
