  low mass compared to humans , but still very high compared to birds . 
  and since their power comes from their wings , the square-cubed law means that they 're probably going to have less acceleration than a bird . 
  apparently it 's a nonbinding decision ? 
  i did n't realise supreme courts could do that . 
  put simply , some people believe that racism is defined as prejudice ( based on race ) + power . 
  that for something to be racist , it has to come from a place whwee the person saying it is of a race that is more advantaged than the other . 
  i think people who hold this definition are morons , but they 're out there . 
  [ this rational wiki article ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/prejudice_plus_power ) does a pretty good job of explaining both why people hold that definition , and the many reasons it 's not a good one . 
  or , like , anywhere outside america ... 
  are you a member of / r/fullcommunism ? 
  we ( the mods of / r/unearthedarcana ) have seen the oath of common man mentioned in that subreddit quite a lot . 
  it 's really quite amusing , because i do n't think any other non-roleplaying-specific subreddit * ever * mentioned it . 
  the people who own the old stuff did n't make the new stuff . 
  it 's not theirs . 
  they can still make money on their work through licensing for non-free uses , such as when the whole thing gets presented . 
  but discouraging the creation of new content is a net harm to both our culture as a society and our economy . 
  if this thread is turning into a circlejerk , it 's only because fair use really is a no brainer . 
  there 's basically no downside to it . 
  it is , but i 've never understood why . 
  why does a programme need to know its own name ? 
  surely it already knows what it 's called , does n't it ? 
  there are many scenarios in which taking the floor or ceiling ( i.e. , always rounding * down * , or * up * , regardless of how close the number is to the next/last integer ) is the most useful . 
  no parent should have to bury their child . 
  really , hearts are out to him and his family . 
  plus , why was it that barry had to go into the speed force ? 
  nobody even considered sending one of the other speedsters that were there instead . 
  jay was willing to sacrifice himself the first time , why not this time ? 
  literally everyone called it , though ... 
  we already have a term for racism that is accompanied by a society that broadly holds one race as superior to another ( even if subconsciously ) . 
  it 's called `` institutional racism '' . 
  to define `` racism '' as prejudice + power is not only to disregard the impact that racism against those with power can have on * individuals * , or racism among equally privileged groups , but it is also to make completely useless the existence of a different term that exists precisely for that purpose , and introduce ambiguity in meaning ( since most people are already going to understand racism as prejudice based on race , regardless of power ) . 
  do n't eat the bird . 
  it 's endangered . 
  you are amazing !, 
  that completely changes the purpose of the whole thing . 
  edit : i 'll clarify . 
  the desir is to make using a rapier and dagger an acceptable mechanical option . 
  and ** specifically ** that combination ( although using an offhand dagger with some other weapon is also good ) . 
  altering existing options instead maks it a sub-optimal option , because wielding two rapiers is always going to be better . 
  just a different option . 
  the swashbuckler is nice , but it has one particular flavour . 
  this approaches a similar mechanical concept from a very different flavour perspective . 
  i 'm not , no . 
  i had this document mostly completely months ago , but never published until now largely because i was trying to come up with something for the fighter . 
  but i never could come up with anything that i liked better than using the battlemaster in a particular way . 
  in general , i 'm a big believer in the idea that if a concept * can * be done using official material , it * should * be done that way . 
  even my duelist rogue kinda conforms to this , in that most of its abilities are minor tweaks on the swashbuckler 's features . 
  how is using the computer less intrusive than a phone ? 
   fake news is often just complete bullshit that exists solely to make money from clicks, 
  is it ? 
  most of the time i 've seen the term used has been politicians wanting to dismiss news that criticises them . 
  ( often despite the news being entirely too accurate . ), 
  i was thinking inexperienced , but same basic principle . 
  the problem with `` prejudice '' is that it 's far too broad . 
  racism is prejudice * about race * . 
  that 's what racism * is * . 
  prejudice could also be about religion , or sex , or sexuality , or even something like occupation . 
  but that 's really a secondary issue . 
  the main one is that requiring racism to involve power minimises cases where someone who is a part of a privileged race is the victim of racism . 
  just because someone is white , does n't mean that it does n't hurt for someone else to start calling them a `` cracker '' and associating whatever the stereotypes thereof are ( not being american myself , i do n't know them ) . 
  that person is a victim of racism , and it minimises their feelings to say that they are not . 
  i definitely do n't remember ever customising a praw.ini file , but it was a long time ago so i may just have forgotten . 
  looking over the guides i 've used in the past they never seem to mention praw.ini , or needing an account , or anything like that . 
  [ it 's just install , import praw , and then call praw.reddit . 
  ] ( https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/v3.6.0/pages/getting_started.html ), 
  whre can i find this file ? 
  yeah , i was . 
  3.4.0 , to be precise . 
  how do i go about setting it up so basic commands can be done without needing to find a bunch of extra superfluous information and insert that into the command ? 
  hi , just so you know , you appear to be shadowbanned . 
  this means no one will see your comments unless they are manually approved by a moderator of the subreddit . 
  it 's something that is only supposed to be applied to bots and spammers , no legitimate users should ever be shadowbanned , but in your case , that seems to be what 's happened . 
  you should go to / r/shadowban to learn more and to find out how to try and remedy the situation . 
  that would be fantastic . 
  it 's what i 'm used to using . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't figure out how to do it with the new version of praw , if indeed it 's still possible . 
  do you have any idea how to do it ? 
  that link does n't seem very helpful . 
  urgh that 's really annoying . 
  th great thing about praw was that it 's so incredibly easy to use . 
  well , it used to be ... 
  seems the more recent versions have taken a major step backward in that department ... like , do i now have to create a second app on https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps/ to use as a basic configuration for testing little things by hand ? 
  where do i find the praw.ini file to give basic info to use for a basic test configuration ? 
  dude , the title is a reference to the well-known story `` of mice and men '' . 
  yeah i looked there , but it 's not proving very useful . 
  none of the locations it says there should be a praw.ini have one , and i ca n't figure out how to go about maintaining a basic profile to just test things out , without needing to go about creating a second app in https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps/ specifically for that purpose , which seems ridiculous . 
  do you happen to know why it 's been taken a step backwards in terms of usability , though ? 
  one of the great things about it used to be how incredibly easy it was to get going . 
  now it seems incredibly onerous . 
  i 've configured my bot to with with oauth using oauth2util , but when i 'm trying to figure out how to do something , i open up a python shell and try things out by hand . 
  the new change seems to stop that from being an option , unless i 'm missing something . 
  not to mention , i 'm currently getting the client_id missing problem even from the script which makes use of oauth , before it gets to the line that sets that up . 
  view / u/powerlesshere 's profile . 
  check / u/powerlesshere 's profile . 
  they 've got links to the download . 
  hopefully it 's done better for you guys than it was here in australia . 
  tap to pay is * universal * ( i do n't think i ' v been * anywhere * in the last three years that did n't support it except cash only places ) , so paying with your phone is n't exactly in high demand here , as it 's only marginally more convenient than tapping your card . 
  consequentially , while you can use it anywhere you go if you have it , most banks do n't support it . 
  it 's kinda annoying really . 
  i hope your luck is better .
