  first tried a debit or credit card of my family in vietnam , since the price was displayed as the us price there . 
  it came up with an error . 
  next tried my paypal account from the same location . 
  another error . 
  i then tried my own debit card and paypal , this time from here in australia , but using a proxy server located in america . 
  still getting errors . 
  at this point it 's dangerously close to the 20 % discount voucher ending , so i quickly shoot off a support request . 
  then i try to buy the game using the massively inflated australian price . 
  us$ 84 for imperial edition * after * applying the 20 % discount code . 
  again i try my debit card and my paypal account , and both come up with errors . 
  at this point i 'm just like ** take my fucking money already ** !, 
  anyway , i go to sleep , and now i 've just woken up and found that on my support requests page , all it says is `` you have no open requests '' in large text . 
  so i guess they 've just decided to completely ignore my problem . 
  my bank account also has two pending charges for ~ $ 70 au , despite my gmg account not showing the purchase having ever been successful . 
  definitely going to be letting the bank know about this if the charges move from pending to actual charges . 
  long story short , i very much doubt i will be trying to buy a game from greenman gaming ever again . 
  fucking useless they are . 
  i would have guessed that their number assumes 24 hours of walking . 
  if they 're actually taking into account the fact that you would need to rest , that 's really impressive . 
  as much as i love an excuse to hate on abbott , he is n't * publicly * a climate change denier . 
  sure , it does n't take much depth to recognise that he * is * a climate change denier , but his official stance is that it 's real . 
  he just happens to believe the best response to it is to give money to polluters so they can plant trees . 
  or some shit like that . 
  / r/civpolitics, 
  it certainly seemed that way to me . 
  i had a smaller character at first , and lyris titanborn was fucking huge . 
  i made a much taller one later , and she was still very large , but it did n't feel like there was quite as much difference . 
  oh yeah , i would n't be ruling out anything ( except the stupid , like aliens or whatever ) . 
  i just think most people would agree that it has * most likely * crashed . 
  equipment 's really easy . 
  sure it 's a lot simpler if you have pre-made boards and pieces , but there 's nothing stopping you from drawing maps on paper and using cardboard for characters . 
  you can download player 's handbook , monster manual , and dm 's guide pretty easily online . 
  you can use a random number generator in place of dice , if you do n't have a set , although a set of dice would certainly be handy . 
  finding a group to play with is the hardest part . 
  you should bring it up with some friends or colleagues , you never know if they might be interested . 
  the fuck dude ? 
  want to explain what the hell you 're on about . 
  if you 're going to rant about science , do n't use completely unscientific terms like `` baked '' . 
  nothing was `` baked '' . 
  they were formed through nuclear fusion of smaller elements . 
  it 's really quite simple . 
  supernovae are necessary for our life to exist , but the vast majority of the mass of a human is made up of atoms that can form without them . 
  they are fused by the force caused by the immense mass of a star itself , without needing the even larger force created by a supernova . 
  stars can fuse elements together up to about iron ( atomic number 26 ) . 
  that includes hydrogen ( 1 ) , carbon ( 6 ) , and oxygen ( 8 ) , which together make up over 90 % of human body mass . 
  if you disagree with any of that , perhaps it is you who needs to learn about basic scientific principles . 
  damn dude that 's brilliant . 
  awesome story . 
  glad i could help !, 
  [ give this a read ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nucleosynthesis ) . 
  particularly the first three paragraphs . 
  to put it simply , * elements lighter than iron could exist without supernovae * . 
  even gdp per capita is n't a great measure for the situation of the average citizen , because so many countries have really large income inequality that skews it . 
  something like inequality-adjusted hdi is better for finding what the average citizen 's life is like . 
  all that said , the discussion at hand is actually not about average citizens , it 's about the overall country 's economic power . 
  in that case , raw gdp is probably the best measure you could use . 
  ah my apologies , i wrote that before your edit , which clarified things quite significantly . 
  but yeah , none of that conflicts with what i was saying . 
  i was merely pointing out that it is not necessary for most of the elements in the human body to be formed in a supernova , which is what your comments had implied . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  could you clarify it a little ? 
  what is their measure of wealth ? 
  [ this particular index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_national_wealth ) puts australia at 10 , but many of the other countries below that are not in the g8 , and most of the g8 countries are below australia on that index ( sorting by any of the first three columns of the table ) . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i must have misread your earlier comment . 
  yeah i 've gotten the impression that your reaction to it is a very common one . 
  but if you take a listen to how he talks about it on the podcast it 's totally different . 
  he 's really humble about it , talks about how if people would back up their drives his programme would never be necessary etc. 
  but he does get a lot of testimonials about how amazingly it works , including from people who were sceptical but desperate enough to try anyway . 
  he 's also really up front about his no questions asked money back policy if it does n't work . 
  it 's easy for any backup , security , or recovery software to come across as fear mongering . 
  you 'll see similar things on antivirus websites , or sites like [ prey ] ( http://preyproject.com ) . 
  the early episodes of the podcast are definitely worth a listen . 
  there 's some good discussion of basic security principles that 's worthwhile even if you already have a decent understanding of security , and you 'll learn a little more about spinrite . 
  fair point . 
  in this context i 'd say median is the most useful type of average . 
  by definition gdp per capita gives you the income for the mean person . 
  still better than democracy v0 .6 b_uk_1400s edition . 
  probably the easiest note to bend is the a played with your second and third fingers on the left hand . 
  when i was first learning it , my teacher had me start quiet and crescendo while relaxing my jaw ( as / u/blindedbylight13 explains ) . 
  the crescendoing was amazingly effective . 
  try it on the a : pitch bend down as you crescendo , then decrescendo and raise the pitch back up to normal . 
  when you 've got the hang of that , go down to a g , f , e , and d. 
  other than the crescendo thing , / u/blindedbylight13 's comment has everything you need to know . 
  i 'd recommend that when you start to learn sliding between notes , just do one note at a time , and pick notes such that there is n't a leather pad being raised as you slide off of it . 
  e to f is a good one , as is g to a. 
  when you 've got the hang of that , you can try the harder ones . 
  ( remember to try sliding down as well as up ! ), 
  yeah , and none of them wyverns , either . 
  in all seriousness , i wonder if there 's some sort of aboriginal title that they could use to replace the english terms `` sir '' and `` dame '' . 
  my favourite comment from [ the thread i found this in ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gametales/comments/1csvyw/an_evil_campaign_gone_horribly_right/c9osv7b ) :, 
   liked it . 
  especially because your evil was comparatively less , at least not as obviously , depraved in some ways and it was aimed at the other pcs as a mental/emotional attack by making them want to know more about her and care for her . 
   would 've been interesting to corrupt her . 
  introducing all 3 of the other pcs methods to her and convincing her that it was alright . 
  even killing a love interest of hers and taking his place to further this end . 
   i 've always thought that one of the greatest evils one can commit is to corrupt someone who is truly a good person at heart . 
  think if you had a young girl turned mage demon summoning cannibalistic spymaster bent on the domination of those she once loved . 
  then arranging her death at the hands of someone else . 
  all of it just because you could .
