   pics of grandma in g-strings, 
  yay for ambiguous language . 
  i do n't even see why it would be that , necessarily . 
  you could build a pretty good samurai with the existing mechanics as a champion with great weapon fighting . 
  maybe a feat like martial adept or great weapon master . 
  i 'm with you on the need for psionics , artificers , and maybe some sort of alchemist . 
  i * do n't * get the need for shamans * quite * so much -- though i would still be interested to see what they can come up with for it . 
  i have no idea what a `` witch '' even is . 
  how does it differ from the three standard spellcasters ? 
  and speaking of the three standard spellcasters , i love the warlock . 
  wizards get their magic through detailed study , sorcerers have an inbuilt natural ability to exhibit magical powers . 
  warlocks fill what is to me a natural niche by gaining their power by bargaining with greater powers . 
  the thing that first got me excited about and interested in warlocks was in [ this story ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 2o99zp/unsuspecting _ modernday_humans_enter_a_portal_and / ) , where one of the main characters becomes a warlock , and there 's some interesting discussion about the nature of warlocks and insight into the mind of a warlock who has made a pact . 
  ( if you do n't want to read the whole thing -- though i would really recommend it because it 's an absolutely fantastic story -- just a ctrl-f for the entries with the word `` warlock '' or `` pact '' can give a decent idea of what i 'm talking about . ), 
  i think the idea of a character who is beholden to a greater power is a really fun thing to roleplay . 
  especially if your dm is willing to roll with it and play out some interactions between you and the patron : having them give advice or make demands . 
  this is less applicable to the goo than the fiend and fey patrons , though . 
  and from a mechanical standpoint , at least in 5e , they 're * incredibly * unique . 
  pact magic works in a very different way from regular spellcasting , with less spell slots but short rests . 
  warlocks also , i think , make perhaps the largest number of unique decisions when building their character . 
  you 've got the selection of patron , which is the core of the class and has the most features it grants , but the pact you choose is also incredibly important to the feel both in terms of mechanics and flavour ( with tomelocks being almost wizard-like , while bladelocks are great spellsword type characters ) . 
  then you also get to choose a number of eldritch invocations , and then you have your cantrips and levelled spells . 
  the amount of variety * within * each of those choices is n't as great as , say , the wizard 's ( with the warlock spell list being far shorter than the wizard 's , and only 3 each of the pacts and patrons so far ) , but it 's a large number of separate choices . 
  hear , hear . 
  i 've never had any problems with exfat . 
  it works fine . 
  fat32 has a maximum size limit , both for the partition itself , and each of the files on it . 
  specifically , fat32 can not have files more than 4 gb , or a total partition size of more than 2 tb . 
  exfat technically has limits , too , but they 're so large that you do n't need to worry about them . 
  128 pb ( that 's 128 \\* 1024 ^ 5 bytes , or 128 \\* 1024 tb ) is the maximum for the volume , and a maximum for individual files of 16 eb ( 16 \\* 1024 ^ 6 bytes ) . 
  hear , hear !, 
  meta : `` need 's for gun 's , like the hunter 's '' . 
  this hurt to read . 
  so many misplaced apostrophes in such a tiny word count . 
   no one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence , nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation . 
  everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks . 
   - article 12 universal declaration of human rights, 
  i see nothing in here that is being violated by australia 's current firearm laws . 
  whether or not you may own a gun is not related to privacy . 
  it is not the government intervening in your family ( unless you consider weapons a part of your family , like some weirdos do with pets ) . 
  it is in no way interfering with your home . 
  and because it is applied uniformly , it has no impact on your honour or reputation . 
  thus , while i respect that you feel like you should be able to own a gun , there is * no * justification of that view to be found in the universal declaration of human rights . 
  we go through ** ~ ** 90 min sleep cycles . 
  but it 's imprecise enough that simply aiming for 7:30 or 9:00 hours of sleep is less than ideal . 
  the app uses vibrations in the bed to figure out what stage of sleep you are in and wake you when you 're in a lighter stage . 
   i do n't have 16 ` creativity points ' . 
  well thank gods for that !, 
  you 'd have to be a complete idiot if you * did * !, 
  everyone knows creativity is an even bigger dump stat than intelligence . 
  i think that 's an absolute rubbish claim to make , but that 's beside the point . 
  how you feel about that is n't actually relevant . 
  it is not the government ( or anyone else ) actually * interferring * with your family . 
  nowhere in the udhr does it state anything about the right to defend yourself or others using weapons . 
  at least according to the response that just went out , the personal nomination was made . 
  it was the party 's endorsment which failed to go through . 
  oh right . 
  i musta misread it , then . 
  yeah , a more accurate version of that bullet point would be :, 
  * stop reading advice from other bad writers about what they think works for them . 
  haha yeah , i 'm a big fan of high-int characters . 
  for roleplay reasons alone , they 're awesome . 
  plus , obviously , if you 're a wizard or some other class that uses int as their primary ability . 
  it 's just that , in 5e at least , int is pretty objectively the worst stat in a general sense . 
  dex is massively op , used for your ac , initiative , and being one of the most common saving throws . 
  con for your health , and as a major saving throw . 
  wisdom for perception and insight , as well as being a major saving throw . 
  charisma is important for basically every social encounter . 
  strength is probably the next worst stat , but it 's * slightly * more likely to come up as a saving throw than int , and also is more likely for a character not specialised in that kind of thing to want to use anyway . 
  that 's all without regard for a particular character 's class and specialisation . 
  obviously different stats get bumped up or down depending on the build . 
  and also for roleplay reasons , i tend to enjoy high int . 
  my current character is a warlock , which actually uses charisma as its primary stat . 
  but for roleplay reasons i made int my highest stat at the start , anyway . 
  yeah , if i were using that optional rule , instead of having it automatically hit if the to-hit roll is in between target 's ac and extra ac from cover , it would force a second attack roll against the cover-provider 's ac . 
  how would it apply to melee attacks ? 
  reach weapons only ? 
   i 've had players blow 4 + inspiration for one roll, 
  you know that ( a ) you ca n't stack inspiration , it 's a binary thing , and ( b ) inspiration gives advantage , and thus even if multiple people tried to pool it , it would n't do anything , since advantage ca n't be stacked , right ? 
  your edit is still not quite right . 
  it 's not a `` ranged melee attack '' , because that does n't even make sense . 
  it 's a ranged attack with a melee weapon . 
  or , in game terms , it is both a `` ranged attack '' and an `` attack with a melee weapon '' . 
  all the stuff about scrolls is in the dmg , not the phb . 
   a wizard spell on a * spell scroll * can be copied just as spells in spellbooks can be copied . 
  when a spell is copied from a * spell scroll * , the copier must succeed on an intelligence ( arcana ) check with a dc equal to 10 + the spell 's level . 
  if the check succeeds , the spell is successfully copied . 
  whether the check succeeds or fails , the * spell scroll * is destroyed . 
  \\ - dmg , p.p. 
  oh holy shit !, 
  i saw that as i watched the show , and thought it odd how much they focussed on that , but i did n't make the connection until i came to the comments and say everyone excited about all the hal jordan teasing . 
  reminded me of the opening to house of cards . 
   lol, 
  damn , dude ... `` lol !, 
  all the people dying ! '', 
   i hope this does n't awaken anything in me . 
  \\ - that kid, 
  this episode takes place what , like 6 months after the last season finale ? 
  and she was n't showing at all . 
  so i doubt that 's the case .
