  yes , absolutely , but giving major parties the ability to put people up who are no longer wanted is not the way to do it . 
  i find it quite similar to the current arguments that are being in other threads had regarding preference deals in the senate being used to win seats for parties that people are n't actually voting for . 
  that 's where stv comes in . 
  stv results in a proportional parliament , but still keeps politicians directly responsible for their electorate . 
  it 's just that their electorate is larger , and there are other people responsible for the same area . 
  [ this video is a good explanation of it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  fair point , but asking everyone to research the preference flows of every party that they might agree with is still an awful lot , and like it or not people wo n't do it . 
  the proposed method would help fix that a little . 
  when have you ever bought a printer without a cable ? 
  what sort of fuckery is that ? 
  but i agree with the square end cable . 
  seriously , what 's wrong with the normal one . 
  yep , that 's correct . 
  agree , they should be , and i wish that they would . 
  however , it is unfortunately the fact that they do n't . 
  because of this , i think the system should be set up such that they do n't shoot themselves -- and those of us who actually do give a fuck -- in the foot as a result of their ignorance . 
  what did the deleted comment say ? 
  what was his comment ? 
  ( and what 's his flair ? ), 
  does n't the liberal 's policy mean that some slightly more border places will get wireless and satellite rather than fibre ? 
  hmm , yeah , thanks . 
  i guess that makes perfect sense . 
  it was great in the context of the world at the time , but compared to games today , it 's just standard -- but with worse graphics . 
  i feel your username is appropriate here . 
  but yes , it 's not technically incorrect , just misleading . 
  av ( or instant runoff ) is the term usually used for the special case of stv with n = 1 , with stv conventionally referring to the case n  1 . 
  i learnt from boston legal that tapping your foot and humming is apparently a sign of soliciting gay sex . 
  i must say , i love media watch in general , but this was as * especially * entertaining episode . 
  shorten 's from labor 's right faction , what other factions does the party have , and which one is albonese from ? 
  why ? 
  the economy was strong , they had incredibly important policies like the nbn , and there was no reason to expect the disarray that happened during the government 's term . 
  haha , as a matter of fact i * had * seen ( and upvoted ) that comment . 
  however it was n't where i first got the idea . 
  i came up with the idea on election day myself when i found out that they literally do it with a giant book of names , and there was another polling booth right down the road that i actually passed to get to the one i voted in . 
  it would 've been so easy to pop in there on the way back and vote again . 
  you mentioned in your comment photo id . 
  a lot of people have brought up the point that not everyone who is eligible to vote * has * id like this , so it would be unfair to implement that . 
  really , if they do * anything * to damage your grades for a reason not outlined in the ecp , you could get it overturned . 
  that 's why we have ecps , so they ca n't change the rules on you in the middle of the semester . 
  the reason i like the idea of above the line preferencing is that it makes things just a little easier . 
  rather than numbering 16 , you can number just 7 . 
  my idea would be a combination of above and below the line preferencing as an option . 
  for example , [ 1 ] pirate party , [ 2 ] greens , [ 3 ] mrindependent [ 4 ] labor , where [ 1 ] would be expanded into 1 and 2 for the pp members , then the same for greens , and the [ 3 ] would in fact be 6 ( two pp and three greens ) . 
  although i can see how that does get confusing/complicated . 
  my example cut out a heap in between . 
  the way i actually voted , i gave labor 13 -- 16 . 
  i had 5 parties and 1 independent ahead of them . 
  with your method that would mean numbering 1 -- 16 , with mine it would only be 1 -- 7 . 
  in either case , still a lot better than numbering 1 -- 82 , but i like the idea of voting for parties largely because it requires less shift in how people think -- most people decide which * party * to vote for based on party policies , and do n't know much difference between individual politicians . 
  no , it 's definitely not sonata no. 14 . 
  it has that similar pattern of fast rising semiquavers , but what it does when it gets to the top is n't even similar . 
  i ca n't help with what it is , though . 
  [ possibly him ] ( http://www.linkedin.com/pub/nicholas-paine/31/7a9/602 ) ? 
  that 's just based on googling information from the petition and from abc 's article . 
  they as in the abc , or the coalition ? 
  because it seems from the article that the abc already did get a quote from him . 
  i do n't . 
  i hope he changes , and he gets praised for it . 
  why ? 
  because we do n't want the coalition thinking that whenever they ` flip-flop ' ( i hate that term -- too negative a connotation ) on a policy that clearly is unpopular , that they will be further criticised for doing the right thing . 
  that would discourage them from doing it in the future . 
  smear him heavily to make him change , and then praise him for doing it . 
  maybe it is n't , but if you want it to happen , then do n't just sit by and whinge about it and accept the fate . 
  it costs barely anything in terms of time and effort ( and nothing in terms of money ) to sign the petition and share it on facebook , and while its effect might be small , it also might not be . 
  it does n't * hurt * to try and do this , so why the hell would you not at least try ? 
  in many sports ( e.g. 
  fencing ) righties wo n't be used to facing you , and they 'll be psychologically off-balance . 
  you , however , will be used to training against righties . 
  1 , why ? 
  you guys get really fucked over on phones . 
  here , if you 're on contact with one of the big guys , you get the phone free upfront , and pay roughly the same monthly fee as big carriers in the us , at least from what i 've seen . 
  plus , if you 're with a smaller one like ting , you * still * have to pay a huge monthly fee , albeit much smaller than with the big guys . 
  here i 'm paying $ 29 a month , and the only reason it 's much is that i get unlimited international sms and $ 100 worth of international calls . 
  otherwise i woulda gone on an even cheaper one . 
  a cilice / \u02c8s\u026al\u0268s / was originally a garment or undergarment made of coarse cloth or animal hair ( a hairshirt ) worn close to the skin . 
  it was used in some religious traditions to induce discomfort or pain as a sign of repentance and atonement . 
  here . 
  you 'll probably get more respondents if you submit it to an irish subreddit . 
  as someone not particularly familiar with the situation , what is the reason we need a cross-river rail , and what are the disadvantages of this one over the labor-planned one ? 
  this one is cheaper and incorporates busses , which apparently the other did n't , so i 'm obviously missing some aspect of it . 
  for anyone not sure , it 's the tune to happy birthday . 
  the melody to '' [ good morning to all ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:goodmorningtoall.svg ) '' , on which happy birthday is based , is public domain , and so with only a small rhythmic change , theoretically the happy birthday song is also public domain , so long as you do n't use the same lyrics . 
   thank you , my spelling is aweful and i am on my phone . 
  sorry , that just made me laugh . 
  the correct spelling is awful . 
  i always get that one wrong , too , though . 
  haha yeah , hockey 's the same . 
  i did statistics in ib maths hl , but i 'm currently taking a discrete maths course at uni , and it comes with a really handy workbook ( in pdf format ) . 
  it 's tailored pretty closely for the uni 's curriculum , but assuming the subject is mostly the same it 's an incredibly handy learning resource . 
  if you like i can send a copy . 
  the malcolm broadband network ? 
  i 'm not sure this logic makes sense . 
  if the owner of a privately held company wants to sell said company , the do it among all private owners of the company . 
  think of nbn co as a company privately held by the parliament . 
  if they want to change the way the company operates , the government ( like the board of directors ) can do that , but if they want to do something as big as sell it off , then they need shareholder permission , i.e. , they need to put it through parliament . 
  yeah , whitehouse.gov petitions that reach the threshold are * required * to be responded to by the white house . 
  we do n't have any equivalent to that , unfortunately . 
  i get the impression that by feeding them enough ( and the right foods ) pets will turn in to mounts . 
  now if only you could actually use it for paying here like you can in america *, 
  \\* at specific stores if you have specific phones , are on a specific carrier , and with a specific bank .
