  i 'm really glad for it though . 
  i always look forward to updates just because of that . 
   so much better than the overused `` bug fixes and updates . '', 
  thanks , facebook . 
  i appreciate you letting me know that . 
  so , fun fact , there was a short-lived the flash show in the '90s , where he played the trickster , one of flash 's villains who is sort of like a toned-down joker . 
  his performance in that role is thought to be part of the reason he got the role for voicing the joker in batman : the animated series , which in turn extended to the wider dc : au and even ( i think ) some other non-au dc shows . 
  and in the new flash show , he came back to reprise his role as the trickster . 
  what makes this even cooler , is that the guy that was captured in that scene , barry allen ( the flash ) 's father , is played by the guy that played barry himself in the '90s show . 
  that whole episode , but especially that particular scene , was just the most perfect culmination of nerd-awesomeness that has ever appeared on tv . 
  i loved it . 
  williams was excellent as always , of course , and i absolutely loved the way he brought back leia 's theme , and leia and han 's theme , and of course the force theme . 
  the new themes for rey and kylo are nice too . 
  though i have to say , kylo 's theme is nowhere near as memorable or singable as vader 's was . 
  maybe it 'll grow on me . 
  one thing i did like a lot is its apparent ties to the music representing anakin 's fall , such as with anakin 's betrayal and anakin 's dark deeds on the episode 3 soundtrack album . 
  rey 's theme was really nice too , and had interesting connections musically to the force theme , which was a fantastic bit of writing . 
  willing to expand on the music points if anyone 's interested , but i 'll leave it there for now . 
  i 'm really excited to see how the character of ren develops . 
  i want to know more about how he got to where he is now , and whether he can be redeemed . 
  i want to know why he took on vader as inspiration . 
  he must know that ultimately anakin became good at the end , right ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  and how did he get that mask ? 
  he 's by far the most interesting villain in the franchise so far . 
  the use of lightsabers was amazing . 
  the fights were nowhere near as good as in the prequels -- in fact i would go so far as to say they were * bad * -- but that 's a * good thing * . 
  the characters we 've seen fighting thus far have not been anywhere near as experienced as the jedi masters and sith lords of the prequels , so their poor fighting skills make sense . 
  i hope that they get better as the series progresses , though . 
  i especially liked that they made it clear from when finn used the saber that he 's really not cut out for it ; he 's not force sensitive in any serious way . 
  contrasts with rey who appears to be even stronger with the force than anakin was , and he was the strongest ever seen to that point . 
  now she just needs to learn to control it more , and get better with a lightsaber . 
  i hope by episode 9 we 're seeing fights much more similar to the prequels . 
  speaking of rey , holy shit she is an amazing character . 
  massive props to the actor for pulling it off so well . 
  i * so * want to know more about her . 
  who were her parents ? 
  why did they leave , and why could n't they return ? 
  why is it that she is so incredibly powerful with the force ? 
  i 'm kinda hoping that she 's a descendant of someone we already know . 
  maybe qui gon or obi wan . 
  but i 'm not sure . 
  chewie and han were amazing . 
  i was never a huge fan of chewie in the original trilogy ( blasphemy , i know ) , but in this he was amazing . 
  such a strong personality , and provided some hilarious moments . 
  han with the crossbow thing was hilarious , too . 
  i also loved the subtle nod towards the idea that han was force sensitive , particularly when he shot that stormtrooper behind his back without looking . 
  awesome moment . 
  right before the incident on the bridge , there were a lot of people in the audience behind me whispering . 
  i could n't make out what they were saying , but in hindsight it was obvious that they had seen spoilers and were discussing it . 
  that scene was really really well executed in general , though . 
  the final scene was fantastic . 
  so glad they did n't go the evil luke route . 
  those theories never made sense to me . 
  if episode 6 had ended the way it was originally going to , that might have made sense , but it did n't . 
  it ended with a happy party and all was good . 
  so luke having done what yoda did at the end of episode 3 , and gone into exile , makes way more sense . 
  my biggest negatives : a lot of it felt like watching episode 4 again . 
  even reading the title crawl , a part of me was like `` did i stumble into a remake of episode 4 here ? '', 
  then with luke having gone into exile just like yoda , our main hero being from a desert planet ( i actually thought it was tatooine until they first said its name like 15 minutes into the film , i was like `` i do n't remember any battles of very tatooine '' when we saw the downed star destroyer -- and incidentally that was amazing , as was the destroyed at-at ) , the main bad guys feeling and * looking * a lot like the empire , it was hard not to see the parallels . 
  another problem was that they did n't explain the set up nearly well enough . 
  i was expecting the bad guys in this to be operating behind the scenes . 
  the previous movie ended with evil seemingly eradicated . 
  the fact that they 're essentially in charge like the empire was in the original trilogy felt unearned . 
  if we do n't get more political backstory over the coming films i will be * very * disappointed . 
  how did the first order come to power , what happened with the new republic that caused it to apparently be so weakened ? 
  what sentiments caused the first order to come about in the first place , and the rebellion to start up again ? 
  i need answers !, 
  lingering minor questions : is gwendolin christie 's character still alive ? 
  the last time we saw her was when she was captured by the heroes , and they never said what they did with her . 
  i assume they would n't have killed her , but she just disappeared from the plot entirely . 
  same question with the little character with the funny glasses . 
  the one that gave rey the lightsaber . 
  i hope she is n't dead , i liked her . 
  but she just disappeared from the plot without any real explanation . 
  also , why were the colours inverted ? 
  the first order 's ships shoot green lasers , and the rebellion 's now shoot red . 
  why ? 
  i thought general hux was terrible . 
  just not the right actor for the part . 
  in some ways he felt like a discount benedict cumberbatch , and i have to wonder whether perhaps the role was * written * for cumberbatch , who probably could have pulled it off better . 
  but all in all i thought it was fantastic . 
  i agree completely mr. premier , abrams is clearly a bigger fan of star wars than star trek , and it really shows in this film . 
  i actually really do n't like the new trek films . 
  they 're too science action and not enough science fiction like my memories of watching the next generation on tv . 
  but star wars perfectly fits the style abrams is going for since it * is n't * and was never * meant * to be science fiction . 
  really looking forward to episode 8 , and somewhat looking forward to the anthology films . 
  off topic : before the film we had a trailer for jungle book . 
  looks interesting , but while i was watching it , my thought processes was the following :, 
   hmm ... whose voice is that we 're hearing ? 
  is it the snake ? ... 
  ... no , it ca n't be the snake , it 's way too wrong for that . 
  does n't have enough of that subtle undertone of menace ... ... oh , look , it is the snake . 
  oh well , that 's a shame , been massively miscast in my opinion , but i 'm excited anyway . 
   it was a new hope, 
  yeah , even just reading the title crawl , i found myself thinking `` huh ... have i stumbled in to a showing of episode iv ? 
  with all due respect , i disagree entirely . 
  i am absolutely in love with the soundtrack to this film . 
  the nods to the previous movies that we got , especially in the scene where we first saw leia , but also frequent use of the force theme throughout the film , was just awesome . 
  kylo ren has a theme that honestly took me a while to notice .
