  wait , when did google start using their . google gtld ? 
  i feel that would require a greater degree of control over the force than just pulling the power towards you and pressing a button normally . 
  if you have n't already , i 'd recommend at least trying arrow seasons 1 and 2 first . 
  season 3 of arrow and season 1 of the flash run parallel . 
  it 's not * necessary * , but it would ( imo ) enhance the experience significantly . 
  also fun fact , the actor who played the flash in that '90s show is the father of barry allen ( the flash ) in the recent show . 
  you can actually see him in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbpdrd9wxk ) , which also shows the clip where the picture from the op takes place . 
  he 's the one tied up . 
  i do n't frequent this subreddit , so forgive me if i 'm wrong , but many show subreddits use the nsfw tag as a `` spoiler '' tag . 
  that could be what 's going on here , since it 's a fairly major spoiler in the context of the episode ( though not in the context of the show in a larger way ) . 
  only if you 're living waaay in the past . 
  like seriously , it 's already past midday in new york ( and hence also the entire east coast of the united states ) , as well as all of europe , asia , and australia -- parts of those last two it 's already 2nd april . 
  too late for april fool 's day pranks for basically the whole world now . 
  1st april 2015 for those who disambiguate and like balanced system . 
  or 2015 april 1st , but that just feels weird ... 
  just sayin ' . 
  even in half of america it 's already too late for april fool 's day pranks . 
  but say , did n't you used to be a really heavy redditor ? 
  like , i swear a while back i saw you all the time . 
  have n't seen you around in ages . 
  oh god , that is some fantastic / r/continuityporn . 
  it also has the really convenient side-effect that you can still use normal operating system keyboard shortcuts like cmd-c to copy without conflicting with terminal shortcuts like control-c to send sigint . 
   how many others can you name ? 
  basically it 's all communication programmes ( im , voip , etc. 
  ) , all antiviruses , and any other daemons that need to be running all the time ( from things like torrent applications -- \u00b5torrent , qbittorrent -- to game managers -- steam , origin -- to file sync services -- copy , dropbox -- and many , many more ) . 
  there are a * lot * of these that build up as you use windows . 
  in general , the practice of closing the whole application just because the last window got closed is a rather bizarre one if you think about it . 
  imagine the situation where you have 3 word documents open in ms word :, 
  you can be working on each of them , and decide you 're finished with one , so you close it . 
  the programme continues to run just fine with the other two . 
  then you finish with another , so you close it as well . 
  again , word itself is still running , and if you instead decided at this point you need to open another document , it 's really easy and fast to go file -  open ( or ctrl-o ) and pull up another document . 
  then you close the third document , and suddenly word also completely exits . 
  now if you want to open a new document , you have to open word back up completely . 
  this * forces * you into the workflow that if you wanted to close one document and open another , you instead have to open a new one , * then * close the previous one , in order to not have word close itself half way . 
  in os x , word as an application stays open until you tell it definitively that you are done with it . 
  you can open and close documents as you wish , and each one will be equally as easy as the last , no matter what order you do things in , or how many you have open ( assuming you do n't open so many that you start seriously taxing system resources , of course ) . 
  being done with a document is a very different conceptual state flow than being done with the application entirely . 
  clicking the application icon in the dock did n't work for you ? 
  it 's really not so much about the `` milliseconds of time '' saved ( though believe me , when you 're using heavier programmes like the adobe suite or sibelius , you can easily be saving tens of seconds if you do n't have an ssd , something that is * very * noticeable for the average user ) , so much as it is about maintaining a logical user state flow . 
  a user finished with a particular document has moved out of the state where they are editing that document , but they have n't necessarily moved out of the state where they are using document editing in general . 
  in windows , the operating system automatically declares that if they have exited the document , and that document * happens * to be the last one currently open , the user has therefore decided to exit the `` document editing '' state . 
  os x prefers to let the user decide when they make that state switch . 
  as for the system tray thing when the average user probably has at * least * 4 systray icons for things that they explicitly do want there ( antivirus , browser -- since chrome puts an icon there -- torrent application , dropbox ) if not more ( i can easily see also adding steam , skype , maybe an email client , possibly a music player ) , in addition to a bunch of things that are just kind of `` there '' ( like adobe updater , their graphics card manager , etc. 
  ) , i really do n't think it 's fair to talk about it as being the exception any more . 
  it might not be all programmes , or even the majority , but it 's certainly a significant amount . 
   it just means you are too advanced for what it was designed to do ( not that i really think it 's that hard to do haha ), 
  not entirely sure what you 're trying to say here . 
  are you implying that it 's not hard to be `` too advanced '' of a user that os x is beneath you ? 
  because if so , oh god that is the most ignorant thing i 've read in this thread . 
  os x has a real , * useable * unix command line . 
  this * alone * makes it * so * much more powerful than windows for power-users . 
  then , depending on your specific use-case , there are a variety of other things that can be better . 
  small things like tabs in the file explorer ( though i believe windows 10 will be getting this ) and better window management ( through `` mission control '' ), 
  note that in each of the examples above , this is only something that gives os x a leg up against windows . 
  in each case , virtually any linux distribution or window manager will be at least as good , if not better . 
   when re-sizing boxes on osx i reeeeeeeally hate how i 'm never sure i 've managed to actually grab a point that will allow me to re-size, 
  sounds like you have n't used os x in a while . 
  they ( * finally * ) implemented this a year or two ago ( better late than never ) . 
   and the absolute worst thing is how the exit button does n't reach the top corner of the screen, 
  oh god , i feel exactly the opposite . 
  the number of times i 've accidentally closed a window because my mouse decided to play up and fling to the top right corner is just infuriating . 
  besides , who uses those buttons anyway ? 
  ctrl/cmd-w or cmd-q is where it 's at . 
  though, 
   as well as the snap function, 
  i do love this feature on windows . 
  it 's available through third-party utilities on os x , but i 've just never bothered with it for some reason . 
  really , for the inherent traits of the operating system itself , there is very little that makes windows better than os x , and a lot in the other direction . 
  the big difference comes in software availability . 
  a number of utilities and applications are only available for windows , not to mention games . 
  personally , i use both extensively and i actually love both oses . 
  i 'm typing this on my macbook pro , but i have a custom-built desktop running windows as well . 
  having both is nice because you gain the benefits of both . 
  i can use finalcut pro which is by far the best video editor for a prosumer , and i can also play skyrim . 
  i can scp a file from my uni 's server and edit it in vim , and i can also run the * good * version of microsoft word . 
  i also have the * much * nicer build quality in the laptop than any laptop made my other manufacturers , while having a desktop that is powerful but also cheap and easily customisable . 
  this whole section is really just a long-winded way of saying that i 'm not an apple `` fanboy '' ( if i 'm a fanboy of anything , it 's probably google tbh ) . 
  i 'm defending it because i hate the ignorance shown by some people who have only or mainly used windows and/or android . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i have n't used parallels very much ( tend to use virtualbox for my vm needs ) . 
  does seem rather annoying , though is n't that more the fault of the application developers than the operating system ? 
  the nsfw tag is something that 's built in to reddit and users can automatically choose to hide posts with that marking . 
  that 's part of the reason many subs choose to use it for spoilers instead . 
  though normally they use the subreddit css to change the `` nsfw '' marking to say `` spoiler '' so at least if you 're on a subreddit page it displays differently . 
  seems odd that this subreddit has n't done that . 
   programs with such tray icons are meant to largely be untouched, 
  eh , definitely do n't agree to this . 
  when steam , skype , \u00b5torrent , or whatever go to the systray , the best way to get them to open back up is usually by double clicking them in the systray . 
  with dropbox there are a bunch of useful contextual options by right clicking on the dropbox icon in the systray , including opening the dropbox folder in explorer . 
  but i agree that there is n't really much room for confusion . 
  i never said or tried to imply that there was . 
  i was * only * arguing the case that it seems unfair to call them exceptions . 
  there certainly is something special about such applications , in that they 're meant to be constantly open and constantly doing stuff ( whether that be downloading , or just listening for messages ) . 
  that 's why they 're in the system tray . 
  but they are a common enough part of the every day windows user 's experience that it just feels disingenuous to say that all applications close entirely when you press the x on them , except for the exceptions which do n't . 
  it 's not * wrong * to say that , just somewhat disingenuous . 
  as for the tracking of states , that 's a thing in software design . 
  it 's not something the user should need to be thinking about at all , but it 's just a modelling of the mindset that the user might be in . 
   or you could have a perfectly clean windows task bar with everything under start , nice and organized,
