  metres and centimetres work just fine , i do n't see the need for an intermediate distance . 
  that said , if you wanted to use it , you could , and the great thing about the metric system is that people will be able to easily work out what you mean , even if they would usually prefer centimetres or metres . 
  as far as i 'm aware , stones are quite common for measuring weight in the uk . 
   small letter -  the prefix represents a fraction -  small letter = small number big letter -  the prefix represents a 10x -  big letter = big number, 
  not quite . 
  kilo is represented by ` k ' , not ` k ' . 
  it 's the only exception to that rule that 's in common use ( hecto ` h ' and deca ` da ' also break that , but nobody ever really uses them ) . 
  i imagine most physicists just use scientific notation . 
  i know that 's what i nearly always used , even at the highschool level . 
  you 'll have to excuse me , as this is the internet , and there are some truly dumb people out there . 
  it was a poe 's law situation . 
  three words . 
  it 's worth noting that in the show we know he has to be at least 78 . 
  he was 11 when he first killed , and it 's been 67 years since he was last challenged to trial by combat . 
  read the lazarus pit link someone else shared for more details on how he does it . 
  to be fair , he did a fair bit of detective work finding sara 's killer . 
  fair point , though tera - , exa - , and zettametres would all be perfectly fine for different scales of space travel ( solar system , galactic , and intergalactic , with peta - also being useful perhaps for larger solar systems , or to talk about the furthest reaches of the solar system ) . 
  not that this is a serious suggestion . 
  light years and parsecs work just fine , and considering that these are both fundamental quantities derived from nature , they 're probably better anyway . 
  i just like the thought experiment . 
  yeah i definitely thought he did a great job . 
  would be nice if he was exactly the same , but just had slightly darker skin and a slightly middle-eastern accent . 
  but his actual performance was great . 
  i also wan na say i thought the writers did a great job with him . 
  his lines felt like they were a brilliant fit for the character . 
  very above everything , or something , it 's hard to describe . 
  yeah that 's how i am every time i go swimming . 
  if i 'm lucky i can get to the 10th lap without losing count . 
  thus is a bug part of the reason that , as much as i love my macbook pro , i could n't ever see myself getting an iphone . 
  google ( nexus or near-nexus ) experience android all the way . 
  is dress code really that bad in the us ? 
  i went to see my local ( australian ) orchestra not long ago , and i went in jeans and a short-sleeved dress shirt . 
  while many people there were dressed far more formally than i , nobody gave me a second look . 
  their official stance ( from their faq page ) is, 
   the [ orchestra 's ] audience are a diverse group of people . 
  our attendees vary their dress from smart casual to formal wear . 
  we ask that you dress appropriately for the event you are attending and tailor your attire to suit the venue where the performance is taking place . 
  regarding the dress of performers , i have no problem with them being as formal as they typically are , though i also do n't see why they could n't dress in the way amateur and school-level orchestras dress . 
  long sleeved black tops and black trousers for men , black blouses and either floor-length skirts or trousers for women . 
  seriously , i 'm getting so sick of hearing about that shit . 
  oh thanks !, 
  i did n't actually understand what the second line in the op was referencing until i read this . 
  does this make her our `` not as big a jerk as you could have been '' award winner for the week ? 
  never has this phrase been more appropriate . 
  just curious , why / 24 ? 
  c actually disappeared 11 hours ago . 
  it just ... stopped being . 
  oh man , thanks for this . 
  he really was a brilliant man !, 
  haha yeah , me too . 
  normally i just listen to everything in the order it comes out , but with hi i usually just put it at the top of the playlist , so it 'll start at the end of whatever 's in process . 
  but if i catch it early ( like i have with this one ) i 'll often leave another one mid-podcast for it . 
  it 's just so fun !, 
  ah very cool . 
  definitely agree / u/jeffdujon regarding the commonwealth . 
  i reckon most aussies could name at least 6 or 7 countries from the commonwealth without even needing to think about it ( counting the uk as a single country -- more if you wan na separate them ) , specifically because of how important sport is to our culture . 
  i 'm with / u/mindofmetalandwheels on the spoilers thing . 
  i always avoid trailers and promos for shows and films that i actually care about . 
  though if it 's a junky film i 'll often watch parody trailers etc. 
  regarding the star wars one , i have to say , i 'm not an * enormous * fan of the franchise , but i like it enough to be really excited for the upcoming films . 
  so i 've not watched the trailer at all yet , and do n't plan to do it . 
  it 's been impossible to not find out about the cross guarded lightsaber , but thanks to all the attention over that one element , i have n't heard anything about any other part of the film . 
  regarding your fear of the old cast dominating the new star wars , this same challenge was approached by the folks that created the avatar series . 
  when they came back to do legend of korra , a number of big characters were still alive . 
  i thought that show handled things really well , with a few guest appearances , and even one instance where part of the old gang helped save the day , but on the whole , the creators clearly made an effort to have the new show be a new show , concentrating strongly on the new characters . 
  if star wars does this half as well as avatar did , that 'll be a great success on that front . 
  not what ? 
  i see you used the youtube app 's share feature to `` copy link to clipboard '' . 
  it does this annoying thing where it also copies the title of the video , so you have to remove it after pasting it in as a link , or you end up with something like the above ^, 
  but that 's just such a brilliant sketch . 
  death by tray !, 
  yeah the only downside to this podcast is that it is n't frequent enough . 
  but then , when you 're a fan of grey , i suppose you just have to put up with that . 
  it 's always worth the wait , though . 
  i 've not seen nemesis , but iirc when they first started tng , they wanted stewart to wear a wig , claiming that they would have found a cure for baldness by that point . 
  his retort was that society would have evolved to no longer care about it . 
  and so he did n't wear the wig . 
  you know it 's back now , right ? 
  do n't have to keep the monarch to be in the commonwealth . 
  you 're right , it is deflationary . 
  i have no idea why people say it 's inflationary . 
  but this is a * very , very * bad thing . 
  the entire way our economy works is based upon the idea of a relatively low , but * positive * rate of inflation . 
  deflation encourages saving , which is terrible for the economy ( though is good for any individual ) . 
  agree completely with your points on `` security '' and `` difficulty purchasing '' . 
  hyper-libertarians ... hmm ... there are certainly good reasons that a crypto-currency should exist , but i 've nearly * only * seen bitcoin proponents that are libertarians ( or worse -- anarcho-capitalists ) that spout fearmongering about the current financial system , and are clearly interested in removing social welfare , education , etc. 
  it 's not a problem with bitcoin itself , but it is a problem with the community , and it * will * hold bitcoin back . 
  i think it 's great that people should be able to make purchases online in an untraceable manner , though i also like having security in my purchase that i get through banks , which can only be done by traceable methods . 
  both systems should exist , and depending on what i want to buy , i can choose which i 'd rather . 
  but bitcoin has too many problems with it . 
  i ca n't see it being the cryptocurrency i would want to use in decades to come . 
  exactly . 
  it discourages over-saving . 
  what to prepare for ? 
  just one if the greatest endings of any show there 's ever been . 
  i would n't rank chuck as a whole one of the best shows , but the ending is so masterfully done it 's brilliant . 
  of course , you already know what happens , but just be prepared for how emotionally they do it . 
  yeah exactly . 
  `` my worst '' is n't `` when i 'm being a dick '' , it 's `` when i 'm sad/upset/sick / not well and need support '' . 
  probably hard core libertarians or ancaps .
