  i would argue similarly for education and healthcare , but those are areas that libertarians believe the free market should supply , so i wo n't get in to that . 
  i was 17 or 18 , only a couple of years ago . 
  hmm ... perhaps i went in with my expectations too high . 
  it is one of three films to have won all five major academy awards , along with cuckoo , so i was expecting rather a lot . 
  [ how 's this for a counter-source ] ( http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/compareyears/10/total_number_of_gun_deaths ) . 
  homicide rates are irrelevant , what matters is gun-related deaths , which include far more than just homicides . 
  the rate of accidental gun deaths and suicide , which is much easier to do when guns are allowed , is also an important factor . 
  the drop in gun related deaths shortly after 1996 was substantially more than the gradual decrease prior to that . 
   wagner 's love-letters to mendelssohn, 
  oh god that would be hilarious . 
  no , it really does n't !, 
  how long ago was it ? 
  neither the twitter nor the blog have anything about it yet . 
  i think i 'll just wait it out . 
  hmm , which twitter is this ? 
  i 'm not seeing that tweet on @lefnire, 
  / u/lefnire , perhaps you should add that to the sidebar here on reddit , once you ' v sorted out the issue with the certificates . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  i went to an international school and can pass this on to some friends if you like , but i have some questions first . 
  how do you define `` international students '' ? 
  unis in the uk make people who are uk citizens pay the international rate if they are not also * residents * , so would you like these people to take part in the survey ? 
  would you like people who were international students who are * currently * going to uni in the uk to take part in the survey ? 
   that is the bane of anyone who regularly uses both, 
  i use both extremely regularly and have never * once * had any issues . 
  as a side note , i ca n't imagine * not * using both regularly . 
  there are just so many things about both that i love . 
  how apple screens look out of the box is much nicer than most screens . 
  note , `` nicer '' \u2260 `` more accurate colour-calibration '' , and so the point is actually moot for serious colour work . 
  but what if i 'm atheist ? 
  am i not allowed to have a smartphone ? 
  but seriously , i love android mainly because of the google ecosystem , but have a very healthy respect for both ios and windows phone . 
  i do n't understand all the fanboyism that goes on . 
  as beautiful as this is , i feel it makes far more sense for paris ( and france in general ) to be [ resistance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:croix_de_lorraine2.svg ), 
  yeah , dude 's * at least * three quarters a scientist . 
  who 's / u/deradius ? 
  it 's amazing what lengths shippers will go to . 
  in australia we had somewhere just shy of 100 % earlier this month . 
  i thought he meant all of the above , since he said the * entire * scene . 
  i disagree with australians celebrating halloween , but i agree with you here . 
  * if * we are going to do it , it 's got ta be done on 31st october . 
  in fact , the difference in weather at that time could be a good launching point for ` australianising ' it . 
  then perhaps a good starting point would be to get rid of the ridiculous and backwards notion of moving the clock forwards for no practical reason . 
  i agree with reasons already explained by others in this thread . 
  i do n't have anything to add to that , and the only reason i made the previous comment was to point out how i agree with your point about moving the date ( and the point about making it more australian ) . 
   the entire argument for gun control is that it takes guns out of the hands of potential murderers , reducing the likelihood of murder, 
  no , the entire argument for gun control is that it reduces the total number of deaths . 
  that includes murder , but also accidental deaths and suicides that happen by gun . 
  yeah , that 's why i said `` just shy of '' . 
  i think i vaguely remember hearing that it was in fact somewhere around 95 -- 97 % of eligible voters . 
  and regarding your article there , i 'm aware of that site and it 's hardly a reliable source of information . 
  the site spouts libertarian crap . 
  so i went looking for reliable sources , and found this :, 
   in their article published concurrently with this editorial , reisch et al. 
  ( 1 ) report that legislation enacted in 2003 in switzerland that halved the size of the citizen army ( in turn significantly reducing the number of service weapons available in households ) was associated with a substantial reduction in the rate of suicide by firearm in the most directly affected group , men 18 -- 43 years of age . 
  mann , j. j. , m.d. , and robert d. gibbons , ph.d. `` guns and suicide '' the american journal of psychiatry 170.90 ( 2013 ), 
   despite strong empirical evidence that restriction of access to firearms reduces suicides , access to firearms in the united states is generally subject to few restrictions . 
  and, 
   there is strong evidence that access to firearms , whether from household availability or a new purchase , is associated with increased risk of suicide . 
  the risk of suicide by guns is far higher in states with high rates of gun ownership than in those with low ownership rates . 
  the increased risk of suicide applies not only to the gun owner but to others living in a household with guns . 
  one study found that adults who have recently purchased a handgun are at increased risk of suicide by gun within a week of gun purchase , with the increase in risk persisting for at least six years . 
  that study and others suggest that some gun purchases are made specifically with the intent of suicide . 
  both from :, 
  lewiecki , e michael , md ; miller , sara a , phd . 
  american journal of public health103 .1 ( jan 2013 ) : 27-31 . 
  jury duty is probably the best analogue for compulsory voting , in my opinion . 
  yeah i 'm the same , i really ca n't decide . 
  on the one hand , it * should * mean that people get more informed about issues and then we get a better vote . 
  furthermore , those elected are supposed to act on the will of the australian people . 
  if people did n't vote , those people are not getting represented , and yet the actions of politicians will still affect them . 
  on the other hand , lots of people * do n't * get informed on the issues , and just vote based on gut feeling , which more often than not just means voting for whoever murdoch says you should vote for , and listening to scare campaigns by opposition parties which are n't actually based in political reality . 
  what voting system has spain got ? 
  if it 's not some form of preferential or proportional system , then it 's understandable that people would not want to bother , viewing ( fairly correctly ) that their votes will be wasted . 
  on the other hand , if they have a system like av or stv , or even a slightly more lacklustre system such as one related to mmp , then there 's no excuse . 
  i do n't see any problem with light-hearted jokes like this one . 
  no one actually thinks this is seriously how abbott wants to tackle climate change . 
  as long as the lines are clear between what 's a joke and what 's legitimate criticism , i 'm fine . 
  command-f red rooster . 
  nothing showed up . 
  thank god . 
  agreed , we need to use stv in the reps as well as the senate . 
  merge current electorates into groups of 3 -- 5 and have multiple reps from each of the new larger electorates . 
  get us proportional representation , but without the d downsides of mmp ( and the undemocratic list mps that come with it ) . 
  douchebag i 'm guessing , but database was the first thing that came to my mind too . 
  the only way i can see proportional working without local representation and without party lists is a single massive electorate voted in by stv . 
  that would be so massively unwieldy , with hundreds of people running , that it could never possibly work . 
  i see what you 're saying , but there 's an important difference . 
  one is a bunch of random people making jokes among themselves on the internet , the other is an extremely popular and wide-spread newspaper . 
  a very fair point . 
  i ca n't give you any advice that has n't already been given , but i really hope you will get back to us when this is resolved ( or , if it is n't , then at least let us know that ) . 
  eh , with the amount of complaints that have arisen this election regarding the above-the-line voting tickets , i do n't think the same thing should be implemented for the house of reps. 
  and fptp would just be bizarre in such a system . 
  with hundreds of candidates from the three major parties ( labor , lnp , greens ) , and many others besides , i do n't think you would see an adequate spread of votes . 
  most people would n't know which member of their preferred party to vote for , and would probably vote only for their favourite frontbencher . 
  you 'd get hundreds of backbenchers who get no votes at all , no way that parliament would represent the will of the people under this system . 
  i did n't realise young shostakovich had a scar over his eye . 
  oh right , i missed that . 
  you earlier said `` the same system we have in the senate '' , so i saw that and assumed you meant the same wrt voting tickets . 
  no , i like the idea of optional above-the-line preferencing . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how it would work on a national scale , and i definitely ca n't support that idea until i actually see a model of it , but theoretically it could be pretty decent .
