  ( the organ is also an aerophone , though in a separate sub-classification . ), 
  musically , we know that 's rubbish , we as composers use brass as its own distinct section ( and the organ is separate again ) . 
  musically , the family of aerophones is relatively meaningless . 
  so while it might be more semantically correct to use `` wind instruments '' to refer to all aerophones , it 's more meaningful to use it as a shortened form for `` woodwind '' . 
  actually , it kinda does . 
  it 's not a perfect rhyme , but it is a weak rhyme . 
  or possibly a half rhyme . 
  i was never very good with that stuff . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it fits some type of rhyme . 
  great , now i do n't think rhyme is a real word . 
  yay semantic satiation . 
  pie-dra and phi-dra would be perfect rhymes . 
  java is n't a perfect rhyme . 
  what constitutes the various other sorts of rhymes is very different , and does n't typically have that `` rhymey '' feel to it . 
  it * definitely * is some form of non-perfect rhyme . 
  i 'm just not sure what type . 
  i like to believe the future that hunger games is set in is one where sql injection attacks are fundamentally impossible because the languages used have been designed with that in mind . 
  but who am i kidding . 
  to get an engineering degree in my country , one has to have done 60 days ' work in their field , half of which is being directly supervised by a qualified engineer . 
  yes , this includes software engineering . 
  i do n't know what world you live in where people still at university should n't be getting internships in their field , but i 'm rather glad i do n't live there . 
  edit : sorry if that came across as overly confrontational . 
  i really did n't mean it that way . 
  i merely wanted to point out that getting internships in university is at the very least an extremely good thing , and in some cases a necessity . 
  nah man , he 'd see exponential growth of number of people with time . 
  2.5 times the people per day , rounded down . 
  he could organise a party for 1.7 \u00d7 10 ^ ( 145 ) people . 
  yeah !, 
  bloody muppet he is !, 
  the issue is that the crazies are * extremely * prevelant . 
  i follow a couple of my real-life friends on tumblr , and the sort of `` casual feminazism '' ( to borrow a term that i 'm really not a fan of ) i see there is really offputting to me . 
  i think the more rational feminists could do a * much * better job of vocalising their disagreement with some of these viewpoints , and if they did , it would be of massive benefit to everyone involved . 
  i suspect that the reason my friends espouse these views is because those are the views that they are most exposed to -- they are n't necessarily * seeing * a more moderate viewpoint . 
  ah fair enough . 
  we do n't here either , but i know americans do , and i tend to assume people are using american english ( or similar ) on non country-specific subreddits , unless i see an indication otherwise, 
  i would probably tend to agree with you there . 
  barring exceptional circumstances , it seems odd to hire people from highschool as interns in a programming-related field , especially given how most schools do n't have very good ( if any ) programming-related subjects . 
  outsourcing behind the scenes grunt work like data entry seems fine to me . 
  but there are two types of work that i would n't necessarily want outsourced . 
  one is high skilled work , and / u/frozensunshine did a good job if explaining that . 
  the other is customer facing jobs , like call centres . 
  outsourced workers in call centres have communication issues with customers ( due to language ) , and they typically have little to know understanding of the product they are taking calls about . 
  this makes it impossible for then to provide good service to a customer whose situation necessitates deviating even the slightest bit from the script . 
  pressing space two times and then enter results in a line break , but within the same paragraph block . 
  this will only work by pressing enter twice -- leaving a blank line in between -- which results in separate paragraph blocks . 
  i 've tried , and i ca n't see how it 's possible . 
  if you could share the necessary css here , i 'd be glad to add it . 
  just in case you 're interested in a serious answer , apparently it 's an acceptable alternate pronunciation of giga - , to pronounce it with a soft g. 
  there 's / r/dnd , / r/dungeonsanddragons , / r/dndnext , as well as the more loosely related / r/rpg and / r/pathfinder _ rpg , and / r/dndgreentext for fun stories . 
  hmm ... 
  i 've got it in there at the moment , but i think i 'm going to remove it . 
   if someone writes a sentence in blockquotes that 's too long to fit in a single line , this adds an extra '  ' before the next line , which really does n't look very good . 
  this paragraph , for example . 
  thanks for the help , anyway . 
   and if it is illegal , than the issue is with the law, 
  true, 
   and the policemen and women who are tasked with enforcing it, 
  no it 's not . 
  they 're doing their job . 
  they have to enforce the law as it 's written , they ca n't go about ignoring laws just because they ( rightly ) think they 're dumb . 
   not the protestors, 
  also true . 
  actually , that 's about right for most countries . 
  i just got one last week for 90 days single-entry , voa . 
  the site i got it through charged $ 28 ( part of which would have gone to them , and part would be dealing with the government ) , and there 's an additional $ 45 stamping fee on arrival . 
  [ there are only a handful of countries that * do n't * require visas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_policy_of_vietnam ) , and even then most of those countries are only for very short stays . 
  yeah honestly i feel that he should be substituting the scarf for a towel . 
  it 's so much more useful for so many things , and it could even double as a scarf in colder climates . 
  i 'd be offended if he did n't visit the principality of hutt river . 
  what was the competition ? 
  have you ever done/looked at the [ 48 hour film project ] ( http://48hourfilm.com/ ) ? 
  edit : just saw the title card . 
  it might be a good idea to put that information in the description . 
  and yeah ... 
  i 'm guessing you probably have heard of 48hfp , considering this was run by the same people ... 
  so that was a dumb question . 
  youtube is much better for community . 
  the only advantage vimeo has is that its compression does n't destroy video as much as youtube does ( and believe me , as someone who 's made a few of my own short films before , what youtube does can be a right pain in the arse sometimes ) , so it 's attracted a large following of more artistic filmmakers , but it 'll never get the attention of vloggers and let 's players in the way youtube has , because the community features just are n't as good . 
  yeah , i was only correcting / u/titan _ trigger 's statement that it 's only americans . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'm bandwidth limited at the moment , and op 's video played back absolutely fine for me . 
  though my memories of vimeo a few years back are that it was pretty abysmal , especially if you wanted to skip forward in the video at all . 
  that said , [ youtube has some * really * complicated stuff going on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqqk7kluak4 ) . 
  smooth playback is their absolute number one priority , and they 've done a lot of stuff to minimise buffering . 
  not all of it is * necessarily * related to compression , though that likely plays a part . 
  actually , because of the safety mechanisms , once the cable was broken , it would probably decelerate very rapidly , resulting in you very briefly registering a much * higher * weight on the scale . 
  ninjaedit : checkmate , americans ? 
  then 400 decimetres , or 4,000 centimetres . 
  haha yeah . 
  decimetres do n't ever really get used in practice . 
  the closest thing would be the litre , which is 1 dm ^ ( 3 ) . 
  the easiest option is to learn the keyboard shortcut to switch layouts between qwerty and dvorak . 
  by default , ctrl-shift does it in all versions of windows . 
  in windows 8 , win-space does it too , but i 'm not sure if that was introduced with win8 , or if it 'll work in win7 ( i jumped straight from xp to 8 , and i know it was n't in xp ) . 
  then , either right after you open the game up , or right before you 're about to , just hit that key combination , and you 'll be in qwerty . 
  it 's obviously not as ideal as what you 're suggesting , but unless there is some third party tool that can do that , i do n't think it 's possible . 
  probably worth adding that for many games , this is n't necessary at all . 
  they often anticipate that people will be using different keyboard layouts , and instead their bindings are using the actual keyboard signals , rather than the operating system 's interpretation of it . 
  ( the easiest way to find out if any given game does this is to go into it and try walking forward with ` w ' , or to try some other easy-to-remember keyboard shortcut that is n't a number , ` a ' , or 'm ' . ), 
  alt shift is different languages , ctrl shift is different layouts within the same language , including switching from qwerty to dvorak .
