  i 've never noticed similar problems with chrome on windows 8.1 , os x 10.10.5 , or ubuntu 14.04 . 
  it seems likely to be either a hardware problem or a windows 10 one , or one from the unique overlap of your hardware , chrome , and windows 10 . 
   some people still roll , but that 's not the typical case, 
  rolling for stats is the default option in 5e . 
  the standard array is a secondary option , with point buy under its own section as a variant . 
  right , but if you 're talking about `` generally '' , you really ca n't just discount the option presented as the * default * one . 
  this is true , however one thing * has * been shown , and it 's that warner * does n't * own the copyright ( subject , i assume , to an appeal ) . 
  they went for * decades * before anyone bothered to challenge the claim . 
  someone could potentially come along and claim that they own the copyright , so it 's technically not public domain ( and it rather annoys me that a fair portion of the media has claimed it * is * ) , but it 's unlikely that anyone will , so for all practical intents and purposes it can be treated as though it is . 
  no others that i know of . 
  not as far as i can see . 
  they have `` detect evil and good '' on their spell list , but that does n't actually detect alignment , just certain types of creatures like celestials and fey . 
   i forgot 5e defaults to a standard array, 
  it does n't . 
  the default actually is 4d6 drop lowest . 
  the standard array is presented immediately after as an alternative . 
  point buy is considered a `` variant '' rule in its own section . 
  ah , so they do . 
  that 's very interesting . 
  personally , i 'm a big fan of rolling , with certain restrictions . 
  the advantages are that you tend to get characters with a wider variety of proficiencies : you 'll have some that are specialists in one thing , and some that are more of a jack of all trades . 
  my experience with point buy has usually been that everyone optimises for one or two skills . 
  rolling also allows you to feel less bad about putting a fairly high score in a stat that 's interesting for roleplay but unnecessary mechanically . 
  for example , my current character is a warlock , but i started with a very high intelligence score for roleplay/background reasons . 
  i doubt i would have done that with point buy because it would have meant sacrificing useful skills . 
  the other thing is that , in my experience , it 's quite common that players will have at least one score of 16 or greater before racials , which leaves them open to taking feats at a much earlier level than they would otherwise , which i like because it makes for more flexibility . 
  however , it has serious downsides . 
  too much disparity among your group can make some players feel useless : it 's not hard to have a barbarian with higher intelligence than your wizard if you just straight up roll for stats . 
  because of this , i prefer to roll , but allow a reroll for anyone who gets a total of less than +3 before racial bonuses ( unless they want to keep it : maybe they got an 18 , a couple of 8s , and a bunch of 10s , for example , and they kinda like that ) , and force a reroll if it 's too strong ( rough guideline of more than +6 before racials , but if they 're more of a jack-of-all-trades master-of-none type character -- say , with a couple of 14s , a few 12s , and a 10 -- i 'd be tempted to allow it anyway ) . 
  that way , everyone gets scores in roughly the same band , particularly for their primary ability score , but it also allows for more variety in abilities than would be present in point buy . 
  a general summary would be that to me , it feels like the reason they went with rolling as the default , with point buy as variant , was related to 5e 's ethos of encouraging roleplay and downplaying `` gamey-ness '' . 
  point buy feels so much more gamey , and i like how rolling feels like it encourages roleplay . 
  i 've seen a site strongly criticising him before , i think that 's the same one . 
  i 'm not going to visit it again , because i do n't remember whether or not they have ads and i certainly do n't want to give them the increased viewership if so . 
  but honestly it 's a load of bollocks . 
  i remember two pieces of criticism that they had . 
  one was regarding his stances on microsoft and raw sockets , and he was eventually ( though much later ) vindicated in his stance , as microsoft did remove that functionality . 
  the other was to do with calling him a scaremonger , and frankly that could n't be farther from the truth . 
  at least on his security now !, 
  podcast , he 's always cautioned a reasoned response to any events that occur , criticising a lot of media outlets which sensationalise security problems for clicks . 
  thanks , i thought this was an australian subreddit . 
   steam has recently changed how they 're handling sales in the future, 
  interesting . 
  what have they changed ? 
  i figure both you and / u/the3rdcraigrobinson might enjoy [ this article ] ( http://theangrygm.com/alignment-in-dd-5e-s-or-get-off-the-pot/ ) just recently put out by the angry dm . 
  its timing is quite fortuitous to this conversation . 
  oh thanks , that 's very interesting . 
  no need to constantly check for new sales , and no having to wait for the end of the sale to see if something might go on a better sale later . 
  this is correct . 
  your point ? 
  i do n't think i would have enjoyed it in single player , but i 've been playing the multiplayer version with friends a bit recently ( while skyping with them ) and it 's a blast . 
  the point would make sense if i were making a legal argument . 
  but i expressly was not . 
  i was referring to the risk aversion expressed by businesses and individuals who would like to make use of these two pieces of intellectual property . 
  the question is proposed : that the amendment be agreed to . 
  members may debate this motion until 1000 , 27/11/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the amendment to this bill proposed by 3fun above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page for debate on amendment to gst broadening bill, 
  paging / u/this _ guy22 to move debate ( you may seek leave for all bills to be debated in cognate if you wish ) . 
  that 's not till the next sitting though , right ? 
  why is this one immediate , but other things not on the notice paper have to wait ? 
  by leave , the question is proposed : that the motion be agreed to . 
  members may debate the motion until 1000\u00a027/11 / 2015 , utc +10 . 
  by leave , / u/doggie015 is invited into the chamber to speak in the debate . 
  members may deny leave ( to either the motion or to inviting doggie015 into the chamber ) . 
  members may leave a single comment in reply to this one to debate the motion . 
  the mover has a right of reply at the end of debate . 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page for debate on removing the honourable doggie015 from office . 
  this is not a counterpoint to my argument at all , but a perfect example of why , as i said , pure unadulterated rolling is a bad idea . 
  that sorcerer never would have been allowed . 
  i would have told him that 's far too powerful , and to reroll . 
  [ biggest sword diplomacy is best diplomacy . 
  ] ( http://darthsanddroids.net/episodes/0025.html ), 
  nah i 'm the same . 
  i find writing multiple voices on the same staff difficult conceptually , and just writing two hands that are n't either insanely easy or impossibly hard does n't come natural to me . 
  the question is proposed : that the motion be agreed to . 
  members may debate these motions until 1800 , 27/11/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the motion above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . 
  as this is a cognate debate , members may include in their speeches matters relevant to any or all of the proposed bills . 
  leave may be denied . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '', 
  zagorath , speaker of the house, 
  ! page for cognate debate on tax bills, 
  i have pretty similar taste , i think . 
  the rach concertos are probably my favourite , particularly his 3rd . 
  i 'm also a big fan of beethoven and tchaikovsky . 
  but to be honest , i do n't really know if i have a particular order i would put them all in . 
  the question is proposed : that the amendment be agreed to . 
  members may debate this motion until 1800 , 27/11/2015 , utc +10 . 
  this is an opportunity to debate the amendment to this bill proposed by 3fun above . 
  give your speeches as a reply to this comment , and please remember to sign your speech with your username and title . 
  ~ ~ each member may make a single speech , with the exception of the member who moved the motion , who starts off the debate , and may close it with a right of reply . ~ ~ members may make unlimited speech . 
  if you have no speech to give on the matter , consider replying with words of agreement or disagreement to the speeches of other members , such as by replying `` hear , hear ! '',
