  on a serious note , google tells me than danmarks radio ( dr ) is officially called `` danish broadcasting corporation '' in english , so there 's that . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` race '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  it 's currently displaying rather strangely . 
  `` fey traits '' is at the * bottom * of the first column , instead of the top of the second . 
  i had a look at your source , and it seems you 're using ` < br  ` a bunch of times , rather than just :, 
  which inserts a column break and automatically puts the next bit over in the next column . 
  in terms of flavour , i like these new abilities a lot more . 
  in terms of balance , it 's worth 0.5 more than it was before . 
  but i 've also noticed fey blood , which i did n't see before ( i 'm wondering now if it was previously stuck at the bottom of the first column , where `` fey traits '' is now , only because it 's plain black text it was invisible down there , as opposed to the red and underlined section title ) . 
  i 'd probably rate fey blood as about a 1.5 ( advantage on a common roll , plus some extra for advantage on the uncommon rolls ) , which is a significant power boost . 
  it puts the shadow fey up to 7.0 and wild fey around 7.0 . 
  very strong , but not unacceptably so . 
  among the higher end of the top tier of official races . 
  among , but not beyond . 
  would n't \\* * italics ** have been more appropriate ? 
   it 's actually a manly `` home '' game, 
  i find it absurd that everyone in this thread is criticising the house rule as it was initially stated . 
  nearly everyone here agrees that the yo-yoing effect of `` drop to zero , get a tiny heal , back on your feet , repeat '' having no consequence raw is ridiculous . 
  op 's group 's house rule is a pretty decent way of decreasing that , without getting * as * big a penalty as lingering injuries or exhaustion . 
  it 's a really good system . 
  the updated rule is stupid and ridiculous , but the original one is actually pretty great imo . 
  are you me ? 
  because literally everything you 've written in these two comments is * exactly * my feeling about the game/series . 
  i 've said as much before , and nearly always get treated rather hostilely because of it . 
  glad it went better for you here . 
  like the guy says , a * huge * part of the game is essentially platforming and puzzle solving . 
  spyro the dragon came out a month before half-life ( according to google 's knowledge graph ) , and its platforming plays * way * better . 
  you press jump in spyro , and your character jumps * immediately * . 
  you run up to an edge and jump * just * before you reach it in half-life , and you fall , because apparently it does n't detect jumps properly or something . 
  being old does n't justify having * bad * mechanics . 
  even less so when other games did the same thing better . 
  the shooter stuff half-life does is ... fine . 
  i can even accept that , in its day , it was really fucking good . 
  but when it ( a ) does n't do anything that * today * makes it stand out as a shooter , and it ( b ) has large amounts of platforming-like gameplay which play absolutely horrendously , it 's just hard to justify talking positively about the game . 
   it 's fast , tight and responsive, 
  holy shit no it is ** not ** . 
  you run up to the edge of a platform , with another one directly across that you want to jump to . 
  right before you reach the edge of the one you 're on at the moment , you hit spacebar to jump . 
  then you fall . 
  because apparently the game * does n't * recognise your jumps properly at the precise right moment . 
  and do n't even get me * started * on ladders or moving boxes around . 
   exact same as spyro 's enter the dragonfly, 
  there are only three spyro games . 
  anything else you may have heard of is a lie . 
   a common criticism is that portal 2 is too easy because it has too few white surfaces, 
  are you entirely sure that 's what people are saying ? 
  because i know one of the big criticisms i have of the game might sound on first blush like that , but it absolutely * is n't * . 
  that criticism being that the challenge of the game is , on many occasions , finding where the white surface is , rather than thinking up clever ways to use the portal mechanics . 
  it 's * not * a problem that could be solved simply by making everything white , and nobody who shares the same criticism i 'm making is saying that . 
  it 's a larger problem of level design . 
  anyway , i do n't think your quote is a good example of anything . 
  they say it at the very beginning of the quote :, 
   we needed a puzzle that would demonstrate the different effects that the fizzler has on the game . 
  they 're introducing a new mechanic . 
  making it relatively simple to understand , the first time it 's being introduced , is a * good thing * . 
  you can then come up with more inventive and complicated uses of the mechanic on later stages , but this quote is only about the first time . 
  as the case in the act proved , only the federal government has the legal power in australia to enact marriage equality . 
  as the case in the act proved , only the federal government has the legal power in australia to enact marriage equality . 
  functionally , there is a lot of separation between the state and federal aspects of the party , yes . 
  state governments butt heads with federal governments all the time , even when they 're run by the same party . 
  but i sense that perhaps what you 're trying to get at here is that the federal alp should not have blocked the lnp 's plebiscite ? 
  that 's an absolutely ludicrous claim that has been * thoroughly * debunked already and is not deserving of a proper response . 
   labor , liberal , greens ? 
   all shit at good governance . 
  the greens have never * been * in government , so any pretence at an objective claim as to whether they are good or bad at `` good governance '' is the height of ignorance or dishonesty . 
   all shit at actually formulating good policy, 
  this is a matter of * opinion * , regardless of which party it applies to . 
  i happen to think about 80 % of the greens ' policies are very good . 
  and another 5 -- 15 % are average ( as in neither good nor bad , not as in a euphemism for bad ) . 
  i know people who think roughly the same about labor or the lnp . 
   having the best interest of australia at heart, 
  while i 'm not sure i can say it about the frontbenchers of the lnp or alp , i * do * believe that a majority of backbenchers from those parties , as well as crossbenchers in all parties honestly have what they see as the best interest of australia at heart . 
  i think family first and leyonhjelm 's libertarian party ( forget its proper name ) are fundamentally misguided in what is in the best interest , but i do think that they truly believe they are doing a good thing . 
  i ca n't see any good reason not to assume that . 
  underpowered ? 
  lol what the fuck kind of immortal mystic are you looking at ? 
  5 thp every round is super fucking effective . 
  it means that most of the time you 're going to be taking less actual damage than a barbarian does ( even if the barb does have a larger pool , so is taking a smaller percentage ) . 
  perhaps debunked was the wrong word to use . 
  it has been refuted so many times , and nobody has ever presented anything close to cogent argument against that refutation . 
  most of that looks like exploiting flaws in the game design , not showcasing good precise mechanics . 
  but i only watched a few of minutes . 
  but anyway , i do n't think it 's * possible * for a video of a * good * player to showcase the problem with the game 's impreciseness , because an experienced player will probably just get the feel for exactly how imprecise it is , and anticipate that when running up to an edge and jumping across , or will learn how best to deal with the terrible ladder mechanics , and the end result will look the same as if someone were playing a better designed game . 
  losing hit points in general is an abstraction that includes a variety of things , including physical and mental endurance . 
  but dropping to zero ? 
  that means you 've been knocked * unconscious * , and i find it hard to justify that unless there has been some real * damage * taken . 
  right , which means that the act case proved that the federal government is the * only * entity with the legal power to enact marriage equality . 
  previously this was not legally established . 
  yeah that 's my preferred method as well . 
  i just find this hit points thing an interesting and not very intrusive alternative to that . 
  i probably wo n't be using it , but i just find it odd that the comments in this thread are so adamantly * against * it , when comments in different threads are overwhelmingly negative as far as the yo-yo hp cheese that is possible raw . 
   the so called yoyoing is how the game is designed, 
  i very much doubt that the designers ever consciously intended it to be better to wait until someone is unconscious before healing them than to just heal someone . 
  that 's an unintended consequence of other design considerations , like wanting death in general to be rarer , while not wanting healing to be * over * powered . 
  indeed , i think * healing word * is a pretty clear sign that the yo-yo effect was * not * intentional . 
  if it * was * intentional , then i would contend it is simply bad design . 
  it suspends disbelief in a major way , and makes the optimal gameplay for mechanical purposes significantly at odds with what makes sense from a roleplay perspective . 
  as i said , this conversation has been had , and this argument has been handily refuted already . 
  not to mention , this thread is n't the place to have the conversation , even if you * were * bringing something novel to the table .
