  but i did n't think the questions were all that bad . 
  they 're specifically designed to get all the information necessary , right from basics . 
  that way they have , on record , all the information necessary to describe what 's going on and the person is recorded as having explicitly said it . 
  honestly i think it 's worth subscribing to the greens youtube channel ( the one this video was uploaded to ) . 
  from the looks of it the vast majority of their involve ludlum and/or technology in some way . 
  oh i 'm not hating ( i 'm not the one that downvoted you ) . 
  i just pointed out that your extension is n't going to get much traction on here . 
  what did the deleted comment say ? 
  you would n't happen to have an indian/subcontinentian background , would you ? 
  i wish you the best of luck , but i like my mouses in the right hand , leaving my left hand free to do other things such as take notes , use the keyboard , etc. 
  what do you mean by music technology pieces , exactly ? 
  ( it 's been a while since i graduated . ), 
  and vietnam 's , for what it 's worth . 
   either way this amendment makes it clear that your property is not the state 's to use freely , even in times of dire need, 
  reread the quote you stated :, 
   nor in time of war , * but in a manner to be prescribed by law *, 
  emphasis mine . 
  that actually explicitly says that , in a time of dire need , the government may pass legislation to require individuals allow soldiers to quarter in their home . 
  quite the opposite of your claim . 
   against unreasonable searches and seizures, 
  that 's the quote from the actual law . 
   this amendment protects an officer from searching you for marijuana , even if you smoke it in front of him, 
  it is quite definitively not an unreasonable search and seizure if they have hard evidence that you are in possession of an illegal substance . 
  now , the fact that marijuana is illegal is something you 're going to have to look very hard to find agreement with on reddit , but given that it is illegal ( which is , for the most part , the current law ) , the law quite clearly gives them the power to search if you are caught smoking . 
  those are the most important points where you are quite definitively incorrect , though i have a number of other disagreements -- some semantic , some philosophical -- that i wo n't get into because in my experience with people who share your values , there 's very little intelligent debate to be had in that area . 
  * yet *, 
  the proposed law here in australia got dropped a while back . 
  his point ( he did n't express it particularly well ) was that homosexual * acts * are generally voluntarily entered into by the individual , while acts of child abuse are either not voluntarily entered into , or society has deemed that the child 's agreement was not legal ( e.g. 
  statutory rape ) . 
  all the numbers need to be multiplied by - 1 ( i.e. 
  have their signs changed ) . 
  the map also ignores half time zones ( like central australia ) , daylight saving time differences ( you weird southeners ) , and the handful of places more extreme than \u00b1 12 . 
  not quite . 
  during summer the southern states have daylight saving time , which means that right now new south wales , victoria , and tasmania are at utc +11 . 
  queensland stays at utc +10 all year round . 
  so vic is at most 1 hour different , and is the same timezone for half the year . 
  it was a sarcastic joke implying google will become some sort of overlords . 
  but i totally agree , you 're completely right . 
  ah right . 
  my compositions were all standard sheet music , so that 's no use to you . 
  i have a friend who does quite a lot of music production now , i 'll ask him if he did some when he was in ib , although from memory his pieces were all sheet music , too . 
  edit : p.s. , technically it 's called `` creating '' , specifically because of those who decide to take the technology approach rather than actual written `` compositions '' . 
  did you only ever speak to him during summer ? 
  unfortunately my friend did his ib music creation in sibelius and guitar pro , which i do n't think qualifies for what you want . 
  this is handy , but i 'd still rather see one of those unit conversion bots pop up more frequently . 
  you 're correct . 
  he 's now been triple gilded . 
  can confirm . 
  australians are all backwards racist bogans . 
  am australian . 
  make sure you post it up here !, 
  this is brilliant . 
  one question , though , do most people do ib for 4 years ? 
  my school only taught ib for the last two years of highschool ... 
  that 's * sir * jony ive to you . 
  i used it ( or , rather , its sources ) as a major source for my theory of knowledge essay when i was doing ib in highschool . 
  that 's about two years ago , now . 
  ninjaedit : specifically , i used [ this article ] ( http://www.cracked.com/article_18823_5-insane-ways-words-can-control-your-mind.html ) . 
  what phone do you have ? 
  if you have an android phone , the game [ ingress ] ( http://www.ingress.com/ ) is an awesome way to explore the city and meet new and interesting people . 
  pm me if you want more information . 
  i dunno , i feel like that internet thing might catch on . 
  yeah no . 
  never mind that it 's daylight saving . 
  no s. it 's a stupid and irrelevant change that serves next to no practical purpose in a world with widely available electricity , and causes a preventable spike in suicide rates and heart problems on a yearly basis . 
  in case you seriously were n't aware , abc news 23 is a satire group with no affiliation with the actual abc . 
  i get the impression that most people agree with you here . 
  lok is no where near as good as tla , apart from beginnings . 
  but there certainly are a few people who would disagree with that sentiment . 
  there 's a reason the term flanderisation was coined . 
  i did n't actually grow up in australia , but i do n't think i 've ever heard it for those times i was there . 
  for me it 's always been the ode . 
  that 's one of my favourite wartime poems !, 
  i studdied a lot of war poems in highschool . 
  my school had it as a major part of the curriculum for year 9s , and we visited them again in years 12 and 13 in ib literature . 
  there 's some truly amazing stuff in there . 
  quickedit : have you also read `` who 's for the game ? '', 
  by jessie pope ? 
  it 's a propaganda poem that it is believed owen was satirising in many of his poems , but especially dulce est. 
  can confirm . 
  did n't realise that it * was * a reference until your comment . 
  nonono , it 's the `` league of assassin is '' . 
  a weird name , but there you go . 
  it does n't help that many people who * are * introverts use their introversion as an excuse for being shy . 
  i 'm going to ignore the fact that very little of your comment has anything to do with actual introversion . 
  others have covered that . 
   however , if i am actively putting myself into a place in which we as a society has deemed it not only acceptable , but even polite to strike up conversation with random people , than it is my responsibility to engage back . 
  how do you decide what is an `` acceptable '' location to strike up conversations with random people ? 
  perhaps , for example , you would view public transportation as a fine place to strike up conversations with strangers . 
  many others certainly would not agree . 
  that does n't have to be left to just transportation , though . 
  walking in the street ; in an office ; even someone at a pub might not be interested in engaging strangers , and instead might be there for a good time out with mates . 
  not necessarily so !, 
  source : australian, 
  oh please do continue this . 
  i was n't around last time you did , and i wan na be a part of something awesome . 
  i know the ibo does have curricula for all the way from primary school up to the ibdp . 
  the primary years programme takes up primary school , and the middle years programme does the earlier years of highschool up until the last two years where you do the diploma ( or a certificate ) . 
  many schools do n't follow the whole programme , though . 
  for example , mine followed the british national curriculum ( or an altered version of it for the international environment ) up until the last four years , before doing igcse and then the ibdp .
