  but i disliked the puppet episode more . 
  the sort of double stopping that 's being asked of this -- were we to interpret it as a work for bowed string instrument -- would make it virtually unplayable . 
  not to mention it is * extremely * un-idiomatic of those instruments . 
  multiple stops are fine . 
  holding those notes over whilst changing the other notes , though ( especially with more than 2 notes simultaneously ) , is not . 
  aww . 
  those are two of my absolute favourite episodes !, 
  yeah , that 's what i figured . 
  from the looks of it , the kids are basami and makorra , respectively . 
  my group 's done this !, 
  throughout one campaign , one of our players was secretly plotting against us . 
  eventually we found out , and started making schemes to stop him . 
  in the last session , after we had defeated the previous bbeg , he launched his plots , and we had a massive epic battle , with multiple betrayals and counter betrayals by different players . 
  it was really awesome . 
  in the end , he escaped . 
  the person who played him became our dm for the next campaign , and has set up his previous character as a major villain . 
  the one korra 's holding has blue eyes . 
  but i thought its facial structure looks similar to bolin , while the other one 's face looks more like mako . 
  yeah noticed a very similar thing among my friends who were applying to the us . 
  though their predicted grades were generally far more accurate than that . 
  honestly , it partly sounds like a problem with your school 's system for assigning predicted grades . 
  if they change by more than about 2 points on average , there 's a problem . 
  that said , i do think unconditional offers based on predicted grades are a really terrible system . 
  most of my friends who went to the uk were given offers conditional that they did , in fact , manage to get their predicted grade . 
  seems like a smart and logical way to go about it . 
  for me , applying to australia , i did n't actually have to apply until i had received my final ib grade . 
  this is clearly the `` ideal '' way things should be run , but it 's also not possible in the northern hemisphere because of the timing of applications and ib grade release . 
  [ here 's the r/gametales comments ] ( / r/gametales/comments / 2pxjdn/dont _ fuck_with_gnomes_xpost_r4chan / ) . 
  honestly , there are only two things i do n't like about origin . 
  it 's owned by ea ( and therefore associated with all the shitty stuff that ea does ) . 
  it does n't have anywhere near the range of games that steam has . 
  in every other respect , i vastly prefer it . 
  it 's just that those two points , * especially * point 2 , are enough that i never use origin anyway -- apart from the small number of games that i got for free , and from the humble origin bundle . 
  * shitty `` community '' features . 
  i assume that this is one of those cases where the movie totally ruins it ? 
  like with eragon or avatar ? 
  because i 've seen the movie , but not read the book , and i thought it was terrible . 
   some fantasy universes do n't advance quite as fast as our own is because the magic somehow substitutes and slows the advancements in technology, 
  this is something directly described in [ this really awesome story ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 2o99zp/unsuspecting _ modernday_humans_enter_a_portal_and / ) set in the d&d world of eberron ( or , rather , a facsimile of eberron ) . 
  ( note the story 's a really long one , but it 's absolutely worth the read -- might just have to pace yourself to a few dozen entries per day . ), 
  yeah , look at the outcry smite got from hindus . 
  can you just imagine a game based on the world 's * largest * religion ? 
  especially when that religion is really prevalent where the games are most going to be played . 
   tell us about some fantasy creatures we 've not heard of before, 
  he just did . 
  not ones you have n't heard of , but ones that are rarely utilised in fantasy games . 
   minotaurs and golems ... mermaids or centaurs, 
  i would disagree with golems , i 'm pretty sure i 've fought heaps of those , but i do n't remember the last time i 've had a game with minotaurs , mermaids , or centaurs , apart from age of mythology . 
  wow this is weird . 
  i watched it maybe an hour or so before you did . 
  not to mention that there 's the stereotype of clop clop . 
  sure there 's rule 34 stuff for avatar and young justice , but there is n't a strong stereotype ( whether it be fair or not ) for fans of those series being obsessed with the rule 34 stuff . 
  the normal community features are just really badly designed , in the sense that things like reviews and ratings are there , but not easily visible . 
  but what 's really shitty is what they do every time a sale comes around . 
  things like throwing people into a random team and making it so that the only way to really participate in that stuff is to buy dozens of games . 
  it really feels like they 're forcing it down your throat , which is pretty scummy . 
  this year 's mid-year sale was absolutely awful for this . 
  no , i think / u/horseradish1 has a point . 
  i mean , not all the `` they 're a shitbag '' stuff , that 's way over the line , but about how the dm really should have mentioned that the voice sounds familiar . 
  if it 's someone the character knew and grew up with , you bet they 're going to recognise the voice , and that recognition should come much faster than the character can actually turn around and stab them . 
  it was a pretty poor dming decision , though i would n't use it to make any larger points about the dm 's general ability . 
  though to be fair , that definition ( if that 's a * complete * definition ) also counts people skipping , or people hopping like a kangaroo . 
  so probably not the best definition to go by . 
  of course , if you were to just add something like `` alternating feet each time '' , then it works perfectly . 
  / unhelpful pedantry . 
  that 's because sprinting * is n't * real running . 
  at least , that 's what i say to my sister to make fun of her -- being the only sprinter in a family of distance runners . 
  of course it 's not really true , but it makes good playful banter . 
  so , i do n't give a shit about my total karma , but i care quite deeply about my karma on any given post . 
  the reason is simple : i want people to see what i 've written . 
  when i leave a comment , it 's usually because i think i 've got something constructive to add , and i want people to see it . 
  it hurts when comments are downvoted because it a ) means people wo n't see the comment , and b ) means those that * did * see it thought it unhelpful . 
  of course , it 's easy to ignore ( b ) , because you can often put it down to the reddit hivemind disagreeing with you , or a small number of trolls . 
  as for the repost thing , i 've never reposted something on the same subreddit it was originally on , but i can see why people might do that . 
  could be that they did n't know it was already shared there , or it could be that they realise the sub has grown since the last time it was posted , and they want new people to see it . 
  what i have done is shared posts from one subreddit onto another one . 
  the reason for this is simple : they think the other community will also enjoy it . 
  for example , i shared a link from / r/classicalmusic with / r/korea , because the music was a popular korean folk song being played by both north and south koreans , so i thought they would enjoy that , but most would not have seen it in r/classicalmusic . 
  very good point . 
  so , delays around christmas are fine , that makes perfect sense . 
  but if they take 5 days to respond any * other * time of year , that 's just bad customer service . 
   in a more likely 0.01 % savings account, 
  holy shit , is that really what it 's like in america ? 
  i get 2.5 % pa in mine ( aus ) , and i 'm thinking of switching because i found one that has better rates . 
  you know what , that 's a very good point . 
  i actually do know this , and i do n't know why it never occurred to me when i made the previous comment . 
  still , the official cash rate set by the us federal reserve at the moment is 0.25 % , so the above comment mentioning 0.01 % would still be an example of banks totally ripping off customers ( if indeed he was n't exaggerating by that figure ) . 
  contrast this with the rba rate of 2.50 % and me getting 2.50 % pa on my savings account . 
  also a good point -- assuming it 's true . 
  i have n't looked into loan rates in either australia or america , so i ca n't say . 
  but it definitely makes sense from an outside perspective as a tradeoff in the business model . 
  it was pretty hard to get around steam without * constantly * seeing stuff about it . 
  i liked the first two books and the first half of the last book . 
  looked like they were setting it up for a sort of animal farm type thing where the resistance ends up being just as bad , and that would be really cool . 
  but the last few chapters just got so fucking convoluted and weird . 
  i legitimately do n't know what happened at the end there . 
  it also focused too much on the relationships and not enough on the politics for my liking . 
  but i guess that 's to be expected given the target demographic . 
  i 'm okay with disposable pens , but i still ca n't stand having to write with a ball point larger than 0.5 mm . 
  i only saw this film for the first time at the start of this year .
