  yeah , but what does the picture have to do with it , i mean ? 
  is that some famous musician i 'm failing to recognise , or a screen from a movie about music ? 
  i 'm sure that 's what 's on the bottle . 
  i never doubted that . 
  the point is , people do n't necessarily call it by what is on the bottle . 
  i 'm trying to think of another example , but just ca n't at the moment , sorry . 
  right , i 'm just a little frustrated about that , is all . 
  ( see the edit on the previous post for why ) . 
  paracetomol 's the one i was referring to ( since ibuprofen is a completely different chemical ) . 
  i was wondering if he ( or other british people ) call it by its chemical name , or by the common brand-name panadol . 
  so you would n't say paracetomol , or panadol ? 
  to be fair , out of those two , keeping entr\u00e9e what it currently means makes the most sense ( similar to keeping color and standardize make sense , in a way ) . 
  the determination not to use metric really befuddles me . 
  ah , cool . 
  yeah , that 's definitely true . 
  i do n't like it , but it 's true . 
  i 'm kind of upset that i do n't and * ca n't * have the same motivation to learn a second language that many mainland europeans and asians have , because of the prominence of english . 
  i think my french is fairly good , but unless i were to live in france it could never be as good as many french people 's english , for example . 
  far less , but not nil . 
  i seriously do n't understand the house of lords at all . 
  how can a country that is effectively a democracy have a major part of its functional political system not be elected ? 
  why not remove the house of lords and replace it with a senate , like australia ( and also , i presume , new zealand and canada ) has ? 
  edit : of course , by `` why not '' i mean apart from the fact that it would be difficult to change a long history . 
  hahaha yeah , i love cgpgrey !, 
  haha sorry , i did n't realise that the two posts i commented that on were replying to the same person . 
  thanks for the explanation , though . 
  that seems to clarify it a bit . 
  yeah , i agree that 's probably true , although as isvara said , it may just be cognitive bias . 
  oh wow , if the difference was that stark i would n't either . 
  i mean , the paracetamol is paracetamol , right ? 
  panadol 's version ca n't be any different ? 
  yeah , you know what , that really makes sense . 
  not having to pander for votes , and therefore not needing to take `` sponserships '' from large corporations can , in theory , only be a good thing . 
  i would prefer a different method of avoiding that , if one could be found , but this is still a brilliant way of avoiding that . 
  just curious , if it were to be very long by democracy standards , how long are you talking ? 
  6 years ? 
  even more ? 
  yeah , i can definitely see how that 's a good thing . 
  i had never thought of that before . 
  thanks . 
  that 's not the point . 
  outside of america ( and possible canada , i have n't heard any of them speak up ) jam is a spread , whereas jelly is a dessert . 
  what the us separates into two things , jam and jelly , we simply just call jam . 
  jelly , to us , is a completely unrelated food . 
  so , it 's kind of like saying the name of the letter , rather than the sound ? 
  i suppose the way it 's said , it sounds to me more like chick-fillet . 
  thanks for that . 
  fuck old people . 
  there you go , now you 've seen it . 
  you know what i hate ? 
  everything about growing up in the 90s . 
  i was born in the 90s , but i could n't care less about all the things they say supposedly made our generation have `` great '' childhoods , that somehow today 's children are missing out on . 
  get over yourselves . 
  ( is what i think to them . ), 
  ah ok , thanks . 
  by the way , are we certain that we 're in some form of open universe , or are there still serious thoughts about us being in a closed or flat universe ? 
  or the back . 
  i ca n't say i 've ever heard of beethoven having religious influences . 
  for him ( from what i 've heard ) it 's mainly politics and his own personal problems . 
  bach and haydn , on the other hand , certainly created many amazing works while being very much christian , as far as i know . 
  ( if you have a source to the contrary , such as that series on the guardian , i 'd be really glad to see it . ), 
  not a `` song '' per se , but have you heard mozart 's requiem performed live by a professional orchestra ? 
  a recording is of course still amazing , but the requiem is simply amazing . 
  i thought it was official the day after / r/atheism was created . 
  cheers . 
  we 're mentioning requiems without mentioning mozart ? 
  i do n't much like the majority of his music , but the mozart requiem is just amazing . 
  actually , that 's interesting . 
  he only brings it up in the last set , and the missa solemnis ? 
  perhaps religion was an influence beethoven only felt in his later life , when he was completely deaf and perhaps realising he was coming to the end of his life . 
  ( obviously in a less direct manner than many believe mozart 's impending death influenced his requiem . ), 
  yeah , as is always the case , we can never know fully what their influences were . 
  it 's not like he wrote down a list of every bit of influence and inspiration , and even if he did he may have had inspiration he did n't even realise . 
  but it 's interesting to see an attempt at finding an insight to what drove beethoven to write how he did . 
  edit : as it is , of course , with anyone . 
  yeah , thanks !, 
  i 've heard the path\u00e9tique one before -- i stumbled across it on youtube one time -- but i 'm so glad to now have the complete set . 
  i look forward to going through these !, 
  sounds somewhat like what a few different sci-fi shows have dealt with , notably star trek tng episode `` who watches the watchers '' . 
  although obviously in your scenario it 's a deliberate prank , whereas it 's a horrible accident in star trek . 
  ah , very well , then . 
  bee ? 
  i do n't suppose you 're a biology teacher , by any chance ? 
  fair use should n't cover these clips . 
  it is n't a black and white law , but a major component of it is how important the copyrighted content is in the overall scheme of the final produced work . 
  if the videos are nothing but clips of streams , then that 's a big negative on that aspect . 
  to be fair , you 're right that if the amount of the total work used is small , that 's a positive with regards to using fair use as an argument . 
  another key aspect is what the copyrighted work is actually used for . 
  the way wikipedia phrases it is `` a key consideration is the extent to which the use is interpreted as transformative , as opposed to merely derivative '' . 
  in this case , there has been nothing added to the copyrighted work , which means it is n't even derivative , let alone transformative . 
  it literally just reposts the copyrighted work . 
  if he was really critiquing them , or using them for educational purposes , within the context of a larger video , then this would indeed be fine . 
  i 'm not sure that a simple sentence would be enough , though . 
  he would probably need a minute or so of actual content for every 15 seconds of gameplay . 
  i 'm speaking out of my arse with that last claim , but i think you get the point . 
  [ hmm ?? 
  ] ( www.scientology.org ), 
  i had a biology teacher with that name . 
  if you watched the video , he explains that issue clearly . 
  in addition , if that were their problem , it would be incredibly hypocritical on their part , considering they have product placement in places like breaking bad , a show about meth cookers .
