  here are some other possibilities which may or may not be too powerful , i have n't given them an awful lot of thought :, 
  * gain a single fighting style . 
  * gain shapeshifting equivalent to a level 1 druid , with a limit of three specific animals . 
  * sneak attack 1d6 ( maybe 2d6 ? 
  ) , but only if you actually have * advantage * . 
  * one metamagic option , once per day . 
  i probably would n't allow any of these , but i 'm throwing them out there for discussion . 
  i 'm pretty sure skype also supports bots . 
  and i ca n't say i 've had it crash on me before that i can remember . 
  no , skype has [ a special bots framework ] ( https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa34646/what-are-skype-bots-and-how-do-i-add-them-as-contacts ) now . 
   the only thing that makes discord stand out , is its voice servers, 
  really ? 
  i 've had nothing but failures in my attempts to use discord for voice . 
  voice ( and video ) is the only thing that keeps me using skype . 
  the thing that discord has going for it is that it 's a community builder . 
  you create a discord server to chat with random people from online communities you 're a part of , and to have subcommunities/subchats within that . 
  people you would n't necessarily want to add to a more personal application like skype , or situations where there are simply too many people to add them as contacts . 
   finally lmao, 
  i 've having trouble figuring out exactly when each of discord and skype added their bot frameworks , but i think they were actually around the same time , with discord at most a few months earlier . 
  discord added them at some time after august 2015 , [ based on context clues from this reddit thread ] ( / r/discordapp/comments / 3hgipw/unofficial _ discord_api_server_reverse_engineering / ) , and skype added them either in late march or early april 2016 [ based on this news report ] ( https://techcrunch.com/2016/03/30/microsoft-is-bringing-bots-to-skype-and-everywhere-else/ ) . 
  just because a man and a woman with equal experience and education doing the same job make within a few cents of one another , does n't mean the wage gap is entirely without merit . 
  the many circumstances which lead to women * not * doing the higher paying jobs with the same frequency are * themselves * a problem . 
  women being less likely to seek promotion , less likely to be promoted when they * do * try , socialised to be less likely to go into higher paying fields , etc. 
  all of that is a result of broader low key sexism in society . 
  every time i 've tried it with my friends , we 've had someone who either ca n't hear everyone else , or ca n't be heard by anyone else , and after spending a heap of time working to try and fix it , we 've never been able to . 
  skype , by contrast , `` just works '' , even if the application itself is slow as all fuck . 
  you currently have two games at 8:30 monday . 
  is that deliberate ? 
  yeah , but the problem is that this time means that the * standard * time for a game will still see ads in the second half . 
  with games usually starting around 8:00 , a 9:00 watershed would have been much more appropriate . 
  that was my first thought , but when i found out it was n't that , i thought it would be about the daw ( audio editor ) logic . 
  that does n't * seem * to be what it is though , so i 'm left thoroughly confused . 
  the article does n't really make it clear . 
  are those disguised ads also going to be banned ? 
  the ones where the commentators announce that they 're going to the odds , and then the smug sportsbet guy says `` always gamble responsibly '' , before going back to the commentators like a news programme going to the weather ? 
  those are the ones that really piss me off . 
  a standard ad break with an ad for a gambling company included in it is , imo , less of a problem . 
  it 's when they make it seem like part of the regular programme that i really hate it . 
  this post was reported by someone for having an `` irrelevant or undescriptive title '' , and i have to agree . 
  this post is being removed . 
  feel free to resubmit with a more appropriate title . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an * appropriate * flair to your submissions . 
  not a lot of mac gaming for me lately . 
  age of mythology , age of empires 3 , battle for middle-earth 2 . 
  just a lot of old school rts classics that unfortunately do n't work on mac . 
  aom without the expansion used to be available on macos , but ca n't any more because it was powerpc and they no longer support rosetta , and aoe3 they just for some reason decided not to support on steam on mac . 
  kubuntu is better . 
   i have one friend who ... has ... a 1gb hard drive . 
  best of all : he has `` windows 9 '' . 
  i want this version of windows please . 
  as long as jupiter is in the top three i 'd be happy . 
   305/484 votes !, 
  how are 305 people so incredibly and obviously wrong about this ? 
   i do think that it might have unpredicted side effects, 
  the only possible way it would break action economy is that it could allow a rogue to have two attacks ( meaning a second attempt at sneak attack , if the first misses ) and * still * use their cunning action to get in and out of melee safely . 
  you could mitigate this problem by keeping things as they are unless the character takes the twf fighting style , but even then , a single-level dip into fighter would allow a rogue to get around that restriction . 
  on all non-rogue characters , i ca n't imagine it would possibly have any problems though . 
  one thing i think i 've seen suggested by others in the past is to allow twf to scale along with extra attack . 
  that is , when you get extra attack , you can make two attacks with your main weapon , and two with your second weapon . 
  and 3 & 3 when you get extra attack ( 2 ) . 
   the . 
  yup , that 's the problem . 
  do you happen to know the process by which ireland changes their constitution ? 
  how hard is it to get done ? 
  i 'm just curious , because i know countries like australia and the united states have crazy difficult hurdles to go through before a change to the constitution can be made , so they 're extremely rare ( only 8 and 27 in their ~ 100 and ~ 250 year histories , respectively ) . 
  but as you say , they seem relatively common in ireland . 
  remember , action surge * does n't * give you an extra bonus action , so action surge with extra attack ( 3 ) under this system would be 12 attacks . 
  and really , it only makes it * slightly * more powerful than a two-handed weapon . 
  with extra attack ( 2 ) and +5 , you 're getting 3 attacks worth 2d6 +5 each , resulting in up to 6d6 +15 . 
  twf is 6d6 +30 . 
  scaling twf allows you to have the same damage on dice as a two handed weapon , but with a higher static modifier . 
  you could balance this by removing the off hand ability score damage addition . 
  it 'd be a serious nerf to twf at low levels , but it would make it very well balanced from level 5 upwards . 
  you do the same as two-handed weapons , but more than the phb twf . 
  a couple of suggestions from a compositional standpoint : some dynamic markings would be a * massive * boon . 
  and you should really be using multiple voices , so you do n't have six quavers all tied to each other ( e.g. , bars 5 and 7 ) . 
  instead , use either two dotted crotchets tied together , or even more conveniently , a single dotted minum . 
  also , if your pedalling markings are meant to be no more than simply lift up on the downbeat , i personally would leave them out . 
  any performer will know that 's more or less what 's going to sound best . 
  if you really * specifically * want the pedalling to be * precisely * that , i would suggest marking the pedallings on the first few bars , and then simply write `` sim . '', 
  to let the performer know to keep it the same throughout . 
  you ca n't right click from alfred or from apple 's quicklaunch thing ( ca n't remember what it 's called : the thing you get when you hit f4 on a standard apple keyboard ) . 
  right , but what does a referendum entail , in ireland ? 
  is it a simple majority , a supermajority , some rule based on provinces or other districts , something else ? 
   i 'm on firefox , so perhaps the website does n't function well on browsers other than chrome ? 
  this is correct . 
  firefox unfortunately does not correctly display some of the syntax on homebrewery , most notably regarding how it does column breaks . 
   just went back to the 2 month mark and definitely no posts from you which opens up a brand new and troubling angle on the modgrom . 
  actually , when looking at someone 's user history , posts and comments that have been removed by mods are still visible , although self.posts ' content is not , only their title . 
  so i do n't think / u/themightyce could be at all to blame . 
  sounds like / u/drfriendless has buggered up the submission step somehow . 
  you should be able to `` hide '' the pedal markings so they still play back , but do n't appear on an exported score . 
  at least if the software is even halfway decent . 
  you also should n't put a pedal * up * marking before the first pedal * down * one , like you have here . 
  if you 're really determined to keep all the pedal markings though ( and again , i would really strong advise against it -- for a piece like this no pedal markings would he preferable , or a simple '' * sim . 
  * '' would also be good ) , at least have them displayed properly . 
  consistently at the bottom of the grand staff , rather than sometimes at the bottom and sometimes in the middle . 
  within a single system , they should also be displayed at the same height . 
  to save anyone else the risk ( i 've built up an immunity to the tv tropes black hole over the years ) , here 's the important bit of text , with no additional links . 
   there is the big bad , a character directly responsible for the plot even while sending out various minions and lieutenants to make the hero 's life busy .
