  not saying they 're bad at all . 
  plenty of winter sports are definitely proper sports as deserving of attention as the summer ones . 
  it 's just that , objectively , the levels of attention and viewership for winter olympics are way less than for the summer ones . 
  it 's a simple matter of scale . 
  the olympics are , at least according to a comment elsewhere in this thread , expecting literally half the world 's population to tune in at some point . 
  the same can not be said for the winter olympics . 
  okay , sure . 
  but your one anecdote does n't change the fact that more people are interested in the summer olympics than the winter ones . 
  much , much more . 
  that 's not what this is about . 
  this is about why having / r/olympics be a trending subreddit now does n't mean it has to be done during the winter olympics . 
  is that hurdles , steeplechase , or referring to both running events and jumping events separately ? 
  can i jump while running please ? 
  that 's a pretty reasonable attitude to take , but personally what the characters represent is a * huge * part of what makes them interesting to me . 
  a guy in a cape who can hit really hard and fly is n't interesting to me without the morality and the grounding that comes from his two adoptive parents from midwest usa . 
  so when they do it differently , it takes away a lot of what i enjoy about it . 
  i do n't care so much about the storylines . 
  in fact i 'd probably prefer it if they create their own unique ones rather than retelling comic book arcs , if only so that it 's easier to avoid spoilers . 
  it 's just the personalities and the tones of the characters that i care so much about , and the themes associated with them . 
  it 's why , despite being 0 for 3 so far in terms of movies i liked , i still have a cautious optimism each time i go to see a new one , because i just have this hope that while they got the previous characters ' tones wrong , a new character is a new chance to do it right . 
  i 'm particularly interested to see their take on the flash ( and , to a lesser extent , captain marvel ) . 
  eh , that 's subjective , and i very much disagree . 
  i 'm far more interested in the cycling and the marathon and some of the more obscure sports like archery and fencing than i am in the winter sports . 
  pretty much the only winter olympics sports that interest me are the biathlon and speed skating . 
  are you banning people for a single offence ? 
  because that seems like an overreaction and bad modding imo . 
  just remove the specific post and give them a warning . 
  banning for repeated offences , of course , is completely fine . 
   i have n't kept up that much nowadays, 
  they 're turning out a lot more duds now than they used to . 
  cars 2 , brave , monsters university , and the good dinosaur are all generally considered pretty poor films . 
  but they 've also done some great ones . 
  up , toy story 3 , and inside out are pretty universally loved . 
  `` wall '', 
  sounds fair . 
  i 'm also on lollipop . 
  my phone is n't supported on anything more recent . 
  so much for nexus phones being highly supported with updates ... 
  fair point . 
  though i would have hoped that if they cut out the payoff , they would have also cut out the establishment of the joke . 
  would n't have been too hard to do . 
  now , sure , but it was fine this time last year when marshmallow came out . 
  aww , now that you mention it , that 's probably what happened !, 
  they probably shot that and cut it out in post . 
  possibly for the same reason they apparently cut out shots of the joker being abusive towards harley . 
  i tend to play with sarranids in the east , to be honest . 
  / r/summerreddit, 
   but even if one person messed up they should not drag everyone 's grades down, 
  that 's how moderation works , unfortunately . 
  they take a small sample and decide what they think it should be given . 
  if the grade it * was * given by the teacher is way higher than what they think it should get , then everyone gets moderated down , because it 's seen as evidence that the teacher at the school is giving out marks too easily . 
  similarly , if the samples they take turn out to be marked too low compared to what the moderators think they 're worth , then everyone at that school 's marks will be increased . 
   it 's terrible to think but some of these darky nz people act like unevolved monkies, 
  where the fuck did that come from ? 
  hear , hear . 
  we have a justice system for a goddamn reason . 
  it 's perfectly natural to want vengeance , especially in cases where the victim is yourself or a loved one , but i would have hoped that most people should be rational and objective enough that when that * is n't * the case , they can see why we have a system set up the way they do , and condemn acts of vengeance when they appear . 
  his punishment is time in gaol , not scalding , or a beating , or death , because our society has deemed such acts barbaric . 
  as someone who was * supremely * disappointed with both mos and bvs , this was also a disappointment . 
  but it is easily the best of the three . 
  it was n't good , but it at least felt like it was trying to do its characters justice . 
  it did n't succeed in making me invested in the characters , but it * did * look like it at least * wanted * to portray them correctly . 
  which is certainly * far * more than can be said about this universe 's portrayal of superman . 
  i would particularly commend the performances of will smith and margot robbie . 
  they were * great * . 
  robbie did an * awful * job with her accent -- slipping in and out of something that could at best be said to * approximate * harley quinn 's famous accent -- but everything else was fantastic . 
  the writing for her character , and the way she played it , really felt like it could have been something out of batman : the animated series . 
  awesome to see her in live action for the first time \\* . 
  the joker was not handled well . 
  surprisingly , i found myself * not * hating the way leto portrayed him , but that 's the best thing that can be said about him . 
  he was mostly shown in awkwardly placed flashbacks , and only very briefly . 
  it would have been nice to have gotten a bit more of him to have a better idea of what he 's like . 
  but from what we did get , i was disappointed to note that his relationship with harley seemed one of genuine love . 
  not a hint of the abusive relationship that defines them . 
  probably done because it did n't test well , which is a massive shame : in a universe that 's already decided it 's not afraid to go really dark even when it * is n't * warranted by the source material , to then brighten things up when it should n't . 
  the main villain was way , way over the top . 
  in a film about the suicide squad , i was expected a far more ... contained problem . 
  a villain of slightly more grounded proportions than what we got . 
  turning it into a threat that would be a legitimate challenge for a-list superheroes was a mistake , in my opinion . 
  that said , the * character * of the villain was nicely performed and decently scripted . 
  it 's just the concept that i think was a mistake . 
  overall , i would n't say i liked it , but i 'd say it 's a step in the right direction for the dc cinematic universe , so i 'm still cautiously optimistic about wonder woman and justice league next year . 
  \\* okay , not quite the first time , but her portrayal in birds of prey was quite ... different . 
  very , very briefly . 
  in the bo ? 
  sympathetic strings , basically . 
  when you lift up the pedal , the dampeners are lifted off of * every * note . 
  this means that when you play one note , not only is that note played , but the strings of that note 's harmonic series are also slightly vibrated . 
  if you play middle c normally , you 'll also hear c5 , g5 , c6 , e6 , etc. , in lessening degrees . 
  but when you hold down the sustain pedal on an acoustic piano , you 're hearing those notes a lot more than normal . 
  you can test out how this works , on an acoustic , by ( without pedal ) silently depressing g5 , and then playing a loud short note on c4 . 
  you 'll continue to hear a quiet g5 after you 've let go of c4 , since g5 's dampener is lifted by you depressing that key . 
  digital pianos do n't really emulate the effects of sympathetic resonance , unfortunately . 
  it 's why even though the best digital pianos might sound nicer than a cheap upright on individual notes , over all , the acoustic wins out anyway . 
  it 's an ugly arse shield . 
  most depictions of so-called kite shields have either a flat top or a concave top . 
  the convex top on the mystic logo looks terrible , if it 's meant to be a shield . 
  damn . 
  i 'm only a small amount away from level 20 and i think the highest i 've caught in the wild is in the 600s or so ... 
  yeah i got that one too and it freaked me the fuck out at first .
