  audible ads are usually combined with book recommendations related to the content in which the ad is embedded . 
  no , it was pretty damn obvious . 
  / u/cyphdnd and / u/wilhelm _ iii need to work on reading comprehension . 
  reading comprehension is more than knowing what each word means . 
  when something is as steeped in facetiousness as that was is a pretty glaring error in reading comprehension . 
  a bunch of these words , perhaps most notably dingua ( since it 's the only one in the bottom half of the tree ) , have an asterisk before them . 
  but there 's no corresponding explanation of the asterisk . 
  what does it represent ? 
  while i 'm at it , i 'm also curious about the subscript 2 on the h in teh . 
  even better , `` facetiously '' has all the vowels , including `` y '' acting as a vowel , in alphabetical order !, 
  research in the way we think about it in stem subjects might not be possible , but i 'm sure literature and arts professors are doing something substantial outside of teaching , and it 's not always ( or even usually , i suspect ) going to be creating literature or art of their own . 
  / r/auslaw leaking ? 
  really just anyone should take this advice , not just nurses . 
  especially anyone whose work affects health or safety of others . 
  nurses , doctors , engineers , builders , drivers , etc. 
  that 's why fummy was referencing grimm 's law , then ? 
  it 's the imperative , not the future , but i can see why you 'd call it that . 
  as for why people do it , it 's actually considered best practice . 
  i do n't understand why ; i think it 's frankly a terrible idea . 
  but it * is * pretty widely used . 
  surely it 's a spoiler thread . 
  people should n't be in a thread like this until after seeing the episode . 
  i thought the politics this episode were mostly pretty great . 
  i really enjoyed oliver 's debate with himself and his staff over what to do . 
  but i thought his final speech was a bit odd . 
  he essentially said `` i covered it up because i did n't want people to know the bad guy is bad '' . 
  during the speech , up until he said that , i was expecting him to claim the green arrow had threatened him with harm if he did n't cover it up . 
  it would have had thee same effect on the overarching plot , but been a motive for the cover up that more convincingly engenders sympathy from the public and the council . 
  and i still think that for dramatic purposes , it would have been much better if prometheus had been someone from season 1 . 
  we do n't currently know his motivations ( unless it 's nothing more than oliver picking up his girlfriend in a flashback ) , so it might be that they 'll do something interesting with it , but it 's still just never going to have the same dramatic weight as if it were a deranged tommy merlin or someone else back from the first season of the show . 
  if you * are * interested in linguistics , i 'd recommend [ xidnaf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/xidnaf ) ( the `` x '' being a voiceless velar fricative , or approximately how the `` ch '' in `` loch '' is pronounced by most scots , or how a scouser pronounces `` book '' ) . 
  entertaining almost xkcd-like videos about linguistics . 
   something about his presentation style rubs me the wrong way . 
  i ca n't really explain it, 
  yeah same . 
  i feel that way about the whole little circle of weapons/military history youtubers outside of matt easton and lloyd . 
  metatron 's one of the worst to me , but i also find it hard to regularly watch skallagrim ( despite absolutely loving his content ) and that guy who does the `` is this castle from video games/tv realistic '' . 
  do n't remember his name . 
  for sure . 
  there are a lot of ways in which i try to enforce as much realism as possible into d&d , but i 'm totally cool with having giant unrealistic greatswords , axes , hammers , etc. 
  they 're just cool . 
  same with dual wielding . 
  took me a moment to realise you meant matt colville and not matt easton . 
  if you 're not familiar with the latter , he 's also really worth checking out . 
  a great entry point is his reviews of fight scenes from star wars and game of thrones . 
  * [ force awakens final fight review ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rows3dgdxpy ), 
  * [ battle of the bastards review ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avthpjyyykq ), 
  * [ tower of joy fight review ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drd8dqkr-oy ), 
  it 's been a while since i watched that video , but does lloyd address the trope of a flaming arrow being used to light pre-planted oil or other flammable materials , over a distance ? 
  neutral mutations can stay around quite easily through pure luck , and especially in smaller populations they can occasionally completely replace the previous majority . 
  this subreddit is for sharing and reviewing homebrew material , and as such this post is being removed . 
  you 'd be better off posting this ( preferably in a more well-written way -- people respond better to that ) to / r/dndnext . 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge threads . 
  best of luck . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  also a friendly reminder to remove previous threads if you post an update within a short space of time . 
  it 's the same thing it was the last eight sessions , gary . 
  there was a time when my group would essentially alternate between combat sessions and non-combat ones , where the combat sessions would have some very brief roleplay before and/or after combat to introduce or wrap up the consequences of the battle , and then the rest of the session would be a single encounter , or a couple of linked encounters . 
  that was a combination of players not knowing the rules for their abilities , taking longer than strictly necessary to decide what action to take , having 6 players plus the dm , and 4e 's infamously slow-playing combat , though . 
  where 'd you get the assets ? 
  the tl ; dr , for anyone lazy , is that he works for lucidchart ( the company hosting this flowchart ) , and got wizards ' blessing to make this for free , in exchange for the further exposure the website will get from everyone sharing this around . 
  i think this is pretty great . 
  no , it 's not perfectly accurate , but i do n't think it ever could be , and nor should it try too hard to be . 
  it 's a fun light-hearted bit of infotainment . 
  and it succeeds very well at that . 
   could give two shits for commit message tense, 
  do you mean they could n't ? 
  or that the company you 're at now * does * care , but just less than the previous one ? 
  he has to have some motivation for what he 's doing , and it seems specifically targeted at the green arrow/oliver . 
  so far we have n't really been given a reason for that . 
  all 5 of the vowels within the english language , a , e , i , o , and u , can be found within the word facetious . 
  in fact , they are found in the same order in which they appear in the alphabet . 
  ouch . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i forgot what the rest of the thread was . 
  that would be fine of the book was just flavour stuff . 
  but they 're clearly leveraging the player options to get more people to back it . 
  and when the player options are as poorly done as these seem to be , that should not be encouraged . 
  what is 7:4 ? 
  seven steps of a perfect fourth ? 
   and while i know that those do n't really go together, 
  how do they not go together ? 
  they go together perfectly !, 
  you 're a character whose ancestry is somehow associated with devils , but you yourself certainly are not necessarily devilish in any way except looks . 
  people treat you badly because of your looks , despite you knowing you 're a good person . 
  ( remember , tieflings do `` not have an innate tendency toward evil '' , per the phb -- the only often end up there because of social factors . ), 
  it seems perfectly natural that someone might turn to religion , especially of a god associated with things like love , life , and light , in order to get aware from those preconceptions , and be somewhere that people will love you . 
  that 's just one path this sort of thing could take , of course , but the main point is that there 's no particular reason a tiefling cleric does n't go well together . 
  the `` how to animate '' bit is actually really really easy for this type of animation . 
  just need a really basic working knowledge of photoshop ( or similar ) and to google `` make gif in photoshop '' ( or similar ) . 
  op used the short term efficient option . 
  which is fine if op does n't want to do it again , or do anything similar , but if they * did * , [ using a more efficient system with a higher overhead can pretty quickly pay off ] ( https://xkcd.com/1205/ ) . 
  remember , adobe makes their money on professionals . 
  people who get paid to make stuff . 
  they do n't particularly care for or need the money from people like you and me . 
  although they * do * like it when people learn to use their tools as amateurs , even without paying , since it means if they do end up becoming pros ( where legal licensing becomes an issue ) , they 're more likely to start paying to use the adobe stuff , which is what they 're familiar with . 
  also , if it 's a possibility , i would highly recommend final cut pro x. 
  unless you 're working on a big budget feature length film , it 's * vastly * superior to premiere .
