  i agree . 
  i do n't know the third movement too well , but i absolutely adore the second movement -- it 's one of the best there is . 
  the first and fourth are really amazing , too . 
  hahaha , does this have context ? 
  could you say the name of your current company ? 
  of course i understand if you 'd rather not . 
  problem is even if steam moves to linux , are the devs going to port their games for the platform when it , quite frankly , has so few users ? 
  not that i mind : i 'm personally happy with a closed system from google software on windows or mac os . 
  thanks . 
  i can see why many people do n't like them , but the thing i like about closed systems is that they nearly always have better features . 
  i do n't know if this is inherent in them , or just coincidence , but the closed system of chrome , android , gmail , google calendar , google docs , etc. 
  just works together so nicely in a way you do n't get with all open software . 
  the same could be said for apple 's ecosystem , though google 's my preferred choice . 
  with regards to valve , if they did help developers with the porting to linux , that would definitely be amazing . 
  more choice for consumers -- by making linux a much better and more viable option ( or through any means in general , but that 's what 's specifically relevant here ) -- can only be a good thing , so i definitely hope it does happen . 
  that sounds like a very good explanation to me . 
  what are ninjaing , griefing , and ganking ? 
  i would love if they could do this , but they can for fear of discouraging actual rape victims from coming forth . 
  it would work with many flags , but not any . 
  the contrast of stars in one corner with the thin lines making most of it are a much better effect than , say , the old libyan flag . 
  i think also great would be my own country ( australia ) , as well as other countries with the union jack in the corner and something of their own in the rest of it . 
  even these would n't quite match the us flag , though , i think . 
  no , because on a really quick look , seeing it 's the american flag , many people would think you need to be american to appreciate it . 
  it takes a second look to truly enjoy this picture , which is why the title tells you you do n't need to be american . 
  to those interested , / r/elitistclassical exists for this purpose . 
  it is n't really elitist , just less well known pieces/composers . 
  or they could just use nsfw and nsfl, 
  i think many of the `` i do n't know `` s were people who knew there was no state religion but were confused by how this was presented . 
  i was nearly as such myself , but instead decided to go with the correct answer . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of the stores either , i like the rest of the ecosystem and integration of various apps . 
  i hate that many features , such as the notifications , are not made available to apps not sold through the store with apple . 
  however , in the defense of the stores , the same with applies with regards to bankruptcy outside them . 
  if they ca n't afford to continue hosting their app , it wo n't be made available . 
  if you 've already downloaded it in ios , android , and i assume windows/windows phone , it wo n't be removed from your device unless it 's a safety issue . 
  ( though apple and goole both have the power to remove apps installed though their stores , they have -- especially google -- rarely used them , and when they have it 's usually because the software was malware . 
  it is never simply because the app is no longer available for purchase . 
  not giving exposure to indies is sad , but no different to anywhere , including the free and open web . 
  thy would have to pay for advertising if they want more discoverability . 
  google , apple , and others could give them free advertising in the form of higher placements in their stores , but why should they be expected to ? 
  if any of them did i would certainly respect them more , but i see no reason it should be held against them if they do n't . 
  i 'm very much left wing ( centre left/centre libertarian on the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) ) , but i fail to see exactly how a debate of this topic is relevant in this case , exactly . 
  exactly my point . 
  was n't he created specifically to be an arse , though ? 
  to see what you could force down people 's throats , so to speak ? 
  what i hate is that he did n't really come round to being not sexist . 
  his only reason for teaching her was that she was related to his love . 
  not a satisfying un-sexist reason at all . 
  i did n't take that away from it at all . 
  i understood that he was still sexist , but because he loved katara 's gran-gran he would teach her anyway . 
  is that canon ? 
  afaik the avatar wiki is fan made , and mostly unsourced ... 
  but do we have any actual evidence that this is the reason he trained her . 
  i ca n't see anything that says that . 
  my takeaway when i was first watching it , and i still do n't see anything strong to convince me otherwise , was that he had not truly overcome his sexist beliefs , justice an exception . 
  is there a classical playlist ? 
  if so do you ( or anyone else ) know what 's in it ( or some of what 's in it ) ? 
  i love a lot of apple products ( i hate that i have to say this for fear of being called a fanboy of one company or another ) , but i hate their skewmorphic design . 
  i really do feel it 's absolutely horrible looking . 
  google 's , however , as you say , mix of the two , i have not noticed , but i definitely like the design of many of thei products . 
  i also happen to love the look of windows 8 , though i have not yet used it , so i ca n't comment on how i like it in that sense , though i do expect to love it . 
  what were his original statements , and how has he amended them ? 
  what are his views ? 
  ampersands ? 
  what 's wrong with ampersands ? 
  note that i wast the first to use it in this thread . 
  i apparently spelt it incorrectly , but i was just imitating the person above me , i 've never seen it written before , only heard it spoken . 
  it means , to put it simply ( because i only understand it simply ) design that attempts to imitate something from the real world . 
  for example apple making ical look like a paper calendar with ripped off pages and everything ; apple making its podcasting app look like a tape player ; apple making everything look as though it 's made of leather ; and many companies use it in their icon design , such as trash can/recycle bin , the save icon , folder icons , and even ( i would posit ) , the entire desktop metaphor . 
  i apparently spelt it incorrectly , but i was just imitating the person above me , i 've never seen it written before , only heard it spoken . 
  it means , to put it simply ( because i only understand it simply ) design that attempts to imitate something from the real world . 
  for example apple making ical look like a paper calendar with ripped off pages and everything ; apple making its podcasting app look like a tape player ; apple making everything look as though it 's made of leather ; and many companies use it in their icon design , such as trash can/recycle bin , the save icon , folder icons , and even ( i would posit ) , the entire desktop metaphor . 
  was he still there when your dad got out ? 
  try vietnam . 
  i 've had people use the * wrong direction * a few times here . 
  eh , not quite . 
  there 's no way all those people eating popcorn could avoid making a mess . 
  what we 're talking about is people not leaving their rubbish like drink bottles , containers , and wrapping . 
  do n't move to korea . 
  you 'd like singapore , though . 
  i hate getting stuck behind slow walking people . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  too someone who is n't much into mahler , but loves a wide range of other composers , what would be your recommendations to start with to get to know mahler better ? 
  i 'm not sure why stopping elections during a war is a good thing ... surely people need a chance to elect the person they think would best handle the war and the negotiations surrounding it ? 
  also , who would you blame for the over-the-top `` security '' actions , like this with facebook , and various others against google and internet companies . 
  i agree entirely . 
  this , as well as many of the actions taken by eu countries ( most prominently germany ) against companies like google ( remember the street view incident ) are absolutely over-the-top on the behalf of germany . 
  i * wish * their ads were better than anyone else . 
  stupid facebook ads ca n't even learn my damn language . 
  great , thanks !, 
  i 'll give them a go . 
  thanks , that sounds like a good idea . 
  i do some research into most pieces i 'm interested in , so that 's definitely not going to be a problem . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what it is , but if it 's the first time they 've done it , chances are it will be checked , just because they want to show how its a good system et cettera et cettera . 
  so i guess no-one 's done this ... 
  i 'll post mine asap , but it will be a simple sibelius export , no proper mixing techniques . 
  i have n't touched the voting on you or him , but my guess is that it 's because they were talking about companies , not individual products . 
  coke does n't just own all the various cola products it makes , but also giants like sprite and fanta , as well as various bottled waters . 
  same deal , but to a lesser extent , with pepsi , with brands like 7-up . 
  it is expensive , but i would certainly value the data that 's on there enough to spend the money to try it . 
  the only question , then , is exactly how to use it ?
