  i would argue the opposite . 
  the pressers are pressing because each press resets the timer . 
  it * delays * our advancement into the future that awaits us when the timer reaches 0 . 
  i 've got no interest in watching blackish , but if they did a crossover and i find i like the characters , that might change . 
  if i do n't , then there 's no change . 
  it could only be a good thing for their viewership levels as far as i can see . 
   in some/most circumstances, 
  to the 68 people ( so far ) who pressed one of the two answers with this in it , i 'm curious , how is it that it could be a homosexual act in * some * circumstances but not others ? 
  what circumstances were you thinking of when you answered that ? 
  it is absolutely * essential * that you get in touch with your local groups . 
  they probably communicate using hangouts and google + . 
  ingress is at least as much a social game as anything else . 
  being in touch with people is great because they can help you level up a lot quicker than otherwise , by destroying enemy portals and then helping you create fields . 
  probably the fastest way to level . 
  it 's also just more fun when you get to know your local team . 
  good on you for switching to the englightened : the side that wants to continue the incredible advancement in human technology and art , as we have done for thousands of years , with the help of the shapers . 
  politely correcting someone 's writing when they have clearly demonstrated that they do n't know how to use a particular aspect of it ( in this case , it was the apostrophe ) is not being an asshole . 
  any reasonable person would say thank you and move on , remembering how to do it correctly for in the future . 
  / u/fenrirr made a mistake , and instead of owning up to it , they essentially said `` i do n't care that i 'm wrong , i 'm going to keep being wrong '' . 
  that is willful ignorance , which is , in my opinion , one of the worst personality traits a person can have ( excluding ones which directly actually harm others ) . 
  could be , though it was twice in the same comment . 
  it 's also a mistake that * a lot * of people make very frequently . 
  plus , if that 's all it was , they could have simply said so . 
  instead they chose to get all defensive and rude about it . 
  lol, 
  comics . 
  is it ? 
  i do n't actually read comics , but i 've just seen people mention comics as the one justified use of comic sans in other threads like this one where the typeface has been criticised . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  you seem nice . 
  this started out with a single light-hearted comment gently correcting someone 's incorrect use of grammar . 
  it was a bit of fun aimed to give everyone a laugh , but also help the user learn . 
  he , and the dickwads like you that inhabit badlinguistics , are the ones that made a big deal out of this . 
  does n't help when os guidelines are sometimes inconsistent or change frequently , or even just bad and unintuitive by themselves . 
  oh god the treadmills thing is so stupid . 
  running on unpredictable terrain is * so * much better for you than being on a treadmill . 
  it forces the smaller muscles to become used , particularly in the ankle , but probably also around the knee . 
  it 's making adjustments to the small differences in angle in all directions that you get on the road or on a path . 
  even better is fully off road running , so long as you do n't trip yourself on a root or something . 
  incognito mode already leaves you signed out . 
  still do n't know what reason you would need to sign out manually for . 
  did you have penicillin tea though ? 
  ca n't forget that . 
   4 points ** \u2020 **, 
  holy shit people are taking this seriously . 
  honestly i do n't have high hopes for there ever being a sibelius 8 , and if there is , for its quality . 
  yes , avid still claims to be working on sibelius , but since they fired the original team , there has n't really been a single significant update , so they have n't been tested at all . 
  i 'm far more interested in the new up-and-coming steinberg music notation programme . 
  its lead developer had extensive experience working on sibelius from 1999 to 2012 , and [ the new programme seems to be coming along nicely ] ( http://www.sibeliusblog.com/people/an-interview-with-daniel-spreadbury/?singlepage=1 ) . 
  is dash the behaviour where they no longer let you just sit and buffer the whole video at once , then a big part of the reason they did it is probably because they found people would buffer a whole bunch of videos at once from start to finish , and then not actually watch them . 
  it was costing them bandwidth for no real gain . 
  a quick google suggests that dash also actually improves performance in normal watching ( i.e. , when the person just watches from start to finish , no skipping ahead or back ) . 
  as for why they unbuffer bits you 've already watched . 
  god knows . 
  it 's a damn nuisance and i wish they did n't do it . 
  but i suspect it 's probably at least partly because that 's just how the protocol works . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dynamic_adaptive_streaming_over_http ) suggests that dash is a standard protocol , so if it requires unbuffering like that ( ca n't see why it * would * , but if it does ) then it 's not youtube 's fault , it 's the standard . 
  actually my main thought was with android . 
  going from whatever they used to have , to holo , to material , in the space of a few years . 
  hey so i really do n't want to be insensitive , but i 'm struggling to understand what you 're talking about . 
  what do you mean when you say you `` went to build a bear and recorded the voicemail and put it into the bears hand '' ? 
  how does one build a bear ? 
  and how does the bear record a voicemail ? 
  wow that is so adorable . 
  and sad ... :(, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i just do n't see how they * can * be in the same universe with the plan to have superman already be in place in supergirl 's universe . 
  he would have been talked about or noticed in some way . 
  but all the heroic stuff done by the flash , and the vigilantism by arrow seem to be extremely unique . 
  there 's clearly no actual superman out and about in the arrowverse . 
  it 's a shame , imo , that they 're doing this . 
  i think it would have been cooler to have her in the arrowverse , perhaps with ollie and barry being her inspiration to become a hero . 
  no superman . 
  but i want that because i 'm not a comic reader but i love those shows , and also because i just like consistency -- having multiple separate universes is just less cool to me . 
  can definitely see how that would n't be a great option because the comic readers would be really upset about it . 
  so it 's the windows equivalent of bash 's ` ln ` ? 
  well considering `` fuck chuck '' seems to be about the show `` better call saul '' , i guess that could have been the show you were talking about . 
  1 hour `` look at this when back on computer '', 
  could we get that time in utc , so those of us outside america can work out when it is for us ? 
  i might give thus a watch if it 's at a good time for me . 
  only other thing i 'd be doing is preparing for my next session ... 
  i want to wish you a sincere good luck with finding one . 
  probably wo n't be easy since its easter ... 
  the degree to which this city shuts down over even minor holidays like easter -- not to mention even just every weekend -- is infuriating . 
   if you are just giving this to random patients , how do you know you are n't giving a bunch of sugar to a diabetic ? 
  perhaps because the person knows they 're a diabetic , and would be able to easily refuse the sugar ? 
  people are able to take * some * responsibility for themselves , you know . 
  i 've got little interest in people watching , but i see plenty of sights at my fast walking pace , and i * definitely * still get stuck in my own thoughts . 
  also i 'm pretty lucky , even when doing proper exercise like going out for a run , i barely sweat . 
  surprise !, 
  happy easter . 
  i think they confused barrister with barista . 
  yeah fully agree . 
  i 'm typing this on my nexus 4 , and i love this device , but oh god i just ca n't stand some of the android community purely for how hateful they are towards anything apple . 
  we are n't all !, 
  i love my nexus 4 , but honestly i hate a large portion of the android community specifically because of all the hate over anything apple . 
  i just want to point out that unless you had 6 or 7 motorola droid phones , you did n't have 6 or 7 droids . 
  the term is n't interchangeable with android . 
  but anyway , personally i love my nexus 4 and find it really slick and well built , but i definitely do n't begrudge you your choice . 
  there are definitely some very real advantages to the iphone , not the least of which is a generally more stable user experience .
