  [ no it does n't ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spring_ ( season \\ ) #other _ calendar-based_reckoning ), 
  we are specifically talking here about the official last day of the season in australia , there 's no disagreement about that , it 's a fact . 
  you may disagree that that 's how it should be , however . 
  personally i never understood using equinoxes and solstices to mark the * beginning * of a season . 
  the solstice essentially marks the peak of the season . 
  the longest day of the year in summer -- the season defined in part by longer days . 
  how , then , does it make sense to call this the first day of summer ? 
  i was so confused when i went overseas and found out they use the middle of the season as the beginning of the season . 
  curious , what do you guys call pudding ? 
  and what do the poms ? 
  as an australian , i have no idea which one my usage of the term would line up with . 
  no , they 're not . 
  in mmp they are an official part of the system and have the ability to put people in parliament who were n't voted for . 
  imagine if john howard had been able to remain in parliament in 2007 , despite his constituents clearly not voting for him . 
  cars ? 
  what part of cars ? 
  because afaik the speedo still has miles . 
  and not all health , you measure energy in food in calories/kilocalories , do n't you ? 
  not joules . 
  they 're mostly douches talking about how you can get away with being an arsehole around cops . 
  plus one guy describing how steve jobs had a car without a licence plate . 
  even if you 're right , if the person who owns the property does n't know ( or care ) about the facts , the ` trespasser ' ( who is n't actually trespassing ) will be dead , so i do n't think they 'll care about facts . 
  sure , it 's all well and good being `` in the right '' . 
  the police might take action , but that wo n't matter to you when you 're dead . 
  my point is , even if you are in the right , in a country that has such an absurd love for guns , it 's probably best not to take risks like that . 
  every time it 's brought up on reddit ( a traditionally leftist site ) , the majority of the people here defend ` gun rights ' . 
  if even leftists support it , then clearly something is wrong with the overall mentality . 
  fair point . 
  if / r/australia was a good proxy , our more left wing ` labor ' party would have won last saturday 's election in a landslide . 
  as it was , the right wing ` liberals ' destroyed it . 
  really ? 
  are senators always sworn in well after they are elected ? 
  what happens until then ? 
  no senate sittings , or does the old senate stay on ? 
  i would assume the latter . 
  ah , i thought it was fairly well known . 
  in california , a new car or leased car can go 6 months without needing to be registered ( and get a license plate , i think ) . 
  steve jobs capitalised on this by hiring the same or similar car every six months . 
  i honestly will . 
  for me those are by far the most important issues , and if he fucks them up it 's hard to go back . 
  if he cuts funding to areas like education and health , that 's awful , but can be reversed fairly easily later on . 
  same with overspending on ppl . 
  marriage equality can be implemented later , too . 
  but so long as he does n't do something stupid like privatise the abc , then pretty much the only permanent damage he can do is stop the nbn or ets . 
  you guys reelected scott ludlum . 
  all is forgiven . 
   they might want to sell it at some point . 
  that would require the senate . 
  oh thank fuck for that . 
  that makes it a lot less bad then i thought . 
  do n't have any movies that are n't already mentioned , bit the darren shan cirque du freak series of books claims to be true . 
  it 's about vampires . 
  wait , the student union had preferences ? 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but i respectfully disagree . 
  those things have a higher importance , but lower urgency . 
  if they are cut now , they can simply be increased later without too much lost . 
  if the nbn goes fttn now , it will be prohibitively expensive to upgrade it to fttp in the future . 
  it 's the same reason i 'm not overly worried if the lnp cuts education , although as someone in uni right now it 'll be massively hurtful to me personally , in the long run it can be fixed and should n't have too much of an effect on the wider economy . 
  edit : unfortunate that you were downvoted for sharing your opinion though . 
  a combination of that , and them being ( i believe ) first on the ballot , leading to them getting all the donkey votes . 
  they 're libertarian . 
  that 's the kind of nonsense libertarians support . 
  an ` ideal ' libertarian society would have the government spending virtually no money , and raising virtually no taxes . 
  i have to say , i despise libertarianism as a philosophy , but even so , i would n't criticise them for their name . 
  it may be partially confusing , but they are liberal in both social and economic areas , so the name is appropriate . 
  libertarian would be a better name , though . 
  most people will agree with half of them . 
  the majority of people lie roughly on the line y = x if you plot it on the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  since they are libertarians , and lie in the bottom right quadrant , labor/greens supporters ( roughly in the bottom left quadrant ) will agree with them on social issues , while liberal supporters ( top right ) will agree with them on economic issues . 
  may i ask what the point of the clock question was ? 
  ( pm if you do n't want people who have n't taken it to know . ), 
  ianal , but i would assume that as long as he read it and signed it himself , that 's fine . 
  yes please do . 
  i 'd love to see a heap more of this style piece , whether you complete the other movements of the 5th symphony , or try another symphony or perhaps one of the sonatas . 
  ( the first movement of beethoven 's 3rd would be interesting to see . ), 
  wow this is absolutely incredible !, 
  clearly beethoven 's symphony no . 
  5 , but at the same time , very clearly not in the style of beethoven at all . 
  it works both as an omage to beethoven and a piece all of its own . 
  i really hope that you do more pieces like this one , and post theme here to / r/classicalmusic so we can see more of your work !, 
  brilliant job , i ca n't give this high enough praise . 
  no , i despise the idea that our country should be every man for himself , and that things like high quality education , healthcare , and a quality independent media should not be available to everyone easily and at low cost . 
  but that was n't the point of my above post , it was merely to point out that their name is a fair one . 
  so how about you do n't be an arsehole to anyone who happens to have reasoned out that they disagree with your preferred ideology , and assess comments based on what 's actually said in those comments ? 
  doing that can get really complicated . 
  you 've got the liberals , the nationals , the liberal nationals ( in qld ) the country liberals ( nt ) and i think there may be at least one other party that 's party of the coalition that i 'm forgetting about . 
  [ i tried the same thing ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1m0a4e/nonamerican_redditors_what_are_some_loopholes/ ) in / r/askreddit , but for a general all non-americans . 
  only response i got was from an aussie , saying that if you 're a beer drinker and do n't brew your own beer , you 're stupid . 
  he said you can do it incredibly cheap . 
  this post could n't be any more australian . 
  the last one was posted by an official representative of aspyr who frequents this subreddit . 
  but what happens , in a libertarian society , for someone in the situation that they ca n't afford to pay for a school ? 
  sure , charity might accommodate * some * of these people , but i just ca n't believe that everyone would be able to obtain an education if it were n't government provided . 
  i believe they mention that at the end of the song . 
  the entire song is specifically giving the wrong usage . 
  fair enough . 
  i prefer the current system , but i can respect that . 
  i do often conflate you guys with ancaps , which i apologise for , but i think you can understand considering they basically take the libertarian philosophy to the extreme to the point of sheer absurdity . 
  but of course they are n't the same thing , so i 'm sorry . 
  i 've just recently started ** half life ** .
