  i 'm still * really * iffy about this . 
  it feels quite powerful to me . 
  are there any existing feats you could point to , to make a more direct power comparison ? 
  if not ( and really , probably even if you do ) , i would * highly * suggest publicising that feat separately to see what kind of reaction a larger number of people have to it . 
   criticals idea, 
  this is quite interesting . 
  i would suggest something other than disarming for swords : i 've done quite a bit of fencing , and being disarmed is really quite rare , and more often due to a particularly hard blow * to the sword * ( i.e. , one which would do very little , if any , hp damage in game ) than due to being hit really hard in the body . 
  i 'm a little suspicious of the flail ability , too, 
  i have to say , i think i find the general gist of that idea far more compelling than the tables you ended up presenting . 
  not that the latter is * bad * per se , just more complicated than i generally like . 
  i agree with you regarding the advantage/disadvantage thing . 
  i find it to be an absolutely fascinating mechanic . 
  both the `` lower hits in advantage '' and `` higher hits , lower misses , with disadvantage '' styles are really interesting . 
  though , for obvious reasons , the `` only higher hits with disadvantage '' needs to be a consolation prize . 
  it ca n't do * anything * that is n't also gained in greater magnitude through a normal hit . 
  if a normal hit does 1d12 + str , a partial hit with disadvantage should do str , or something like that . 
  no special knock-down effects that the weapon does n't do on a normal hit . 
  for me , the problem with plex is that it maintains a library . 
  what i * really * want is to put my files wherever i happen to put them , and then tell my media player `` put this on the tv now '' , and have it show up on the tv . 
  i do n't want a programme that 's managing a library of shows , with the ability to sort by genre , title , or search over actors , or anything like that . 
  that stuff is fantastic as an option for people who want it , but that 's not what i 'm after . 
  i * just * want to play a file from my computer . 
  trying to use plex for my use case is a painful process . 
  yeah , i skimmed over this at first and was just like `` yeah , that 's nice '' , and kept scrolling . 
  then a moment later it actually registered with me and holy shit this is incredible !, 
  i was searching a while back for a simple way to just take an arbitrary video file and have it immediately pushed onto a tv to stream . 
  there really has n't been a simple , relatively cheap , way to accomplish that before this . 
  this is * huge * . 
  hmm , that looks like quite an intriguing programme . 
  i 'll be honest , i 've never heard of it before . 
  for whatever reason , they 've never come up for me when i 've googled for ways to put video onto a tv . 
  there are a couple of reasons that this news with vlc is still big to me , though . 
  first and foremost , from what i gather , videostream requires users pay for premium in order to use playlists . 
  worse than this : i can not for the life of me find how much that actually costs !, 
  not on their website , not in the description on the chrome web store or the google play store . 
  not even in the video on their youtube account where they go through all the features of premium . 
  ( though a comment on that says that at the time the video went up , they had a $ 10 off sale , which implies to me it 's probably * quite * expensive . ), 
  the second one is that i know vlc just works . 
  i have faith that for 90 % of uses , this is probably as good as vlc , but a comment on the same video i mentioned above found that for them , subtitles were n't displaying correctly on some of their videos , when embedded in the video file , rather than separated as . srt files . 
  that worries me , since i have some files just like that . 
  the third one is perhaps more minor , but it 's that vlc is already my default application on all my computers for playing video and audio . 
  that means if i want it on my tv instead , rather than going to a particular source and telling it to open a particular file , i can open the file exactly as i normally would , and then hit a button saying `` put this on my tv now '' . 
  that slight bit of convenience goes a long way . 
  no it ca n't . 
  plex requires you to first * put the file in a library * and keep everything organised within its library structure . 
  it is n't about just taking a random file and going `` put this on my tv '' . 
  plex does a lot of great things for you , if you 're willing to take the time to organise everything into the right folders with the right naming scheme . 
  it can even try and help you out if your name scheme is n't great . 
  but if you 're someone , like me , who just wants to grab a file i 've downloaded and throw it on the tv , without worrying about where i 'm storing it , and which i 'm probably going to delete not long after watching anyway , plex is a hindrance , not a help . 
  nah , you do n't need to escape the other one . 
  since there 's only one underscore left that * could * be interpreted as a bit of markdown syntax , it * does n't * get interpreted that way , and instead just shows the underscore . 
  yeah i 'm thinking the same thing . 
  probably not until it 's in stable though , or at least has time to prove that the feature works consistently . 
  that 's an android app ... everyone here is talking about desktop solutions . 
  windows , os x , and linux . 
  if you 're voting below the line , you * have * to number to 12 . 
  i was talking about above the line , where each number counts for at least 2 numbers below the line . 
  ah , that was very interesting . 
  thanks . 
  richard di natale as leader of the greens, 
  scott ludlum as the internet 's favourite politician . 
  adam bandt as the greens ' only mp . 
  and less important , but of personal interest , wayne swan , as former treasurer and my local mp . 
  is this not the case everywhere ? 
  most places in australia do n't accept it , either . 
  apparently they fuck over stores by charging way higher rates . 
  i honestly have to wonder why anyone bothers getting an american express . 
  wizards automatically get 2 per level . 
  they can * also * copy spells found in scrolls or other wizard books , for a cost of money ( in the form of practice materials and rare inks for transcribing the spell ) and time , as specified in the spell book section of the wizard class . 
  my googling suggests that [ the uq rugby union team ] ( http://www.uqrugby.com.au/ ) uses the rhino as their mascot . 
  but searching for that just now was the first time i 've ever heard anything about it . 
  you have to be able to * prove * that the violent arsehole is a violent arsehole before you can take action against them . 
  proof takes time . 
  for the victim to leave and go somewhere safe is something that they can immediately do if they feel the need . 
  there 's no need for them to prove that need to anyone else . 
   especially for hijacking discussions of women 's issues to demand men get the focus, 
   when i saw this article i thought finally , something that 's mostly focused on talking about male victims without it being a hijacking of females victims . 
  this is exactly why i do n't think bringing up a related important issue should * ever * be viewed as `` hijacking '' . 
  too often , a particular subject is the most focused upon , with a closely related issue being mostly ignored . 
  and yet whenever someone tries to bring up the ignored issue in the relevant context , that person gets accused of `` hijacking '' or `` trying to take attention away '' from the more well-known issue . 
  fuck that bullshit . 
  a thread about domestic violence against women is a * perfectly good * place to also take about domestic violence against men , because there are n't enough other places where people can do it . 
  inb4 `` but netflix '', 
   melissa benoist is cute in a way that would n't fit power girl, 
  i dunno , i reckon benoist is a versatile enough actor to be able to pull it off if given the chance . 
   used to do it all in photoshop , it works it just more painful, 
  it 's more painful not just for you to create , but for the reader , since the end result is rasterised and does n't have selectable or ctrl-fable text . 
  reddit 's syntax requires that you put a blank line in between separate paragraphs , even if you prefix each of them with ''  '' . 
  otherwise it will display weirdly , like you got above . 
  nicely done . 
  oh that 's very interesting . 
  someone needs to let users of the walrock template know how to do this . 
  yes, 
  sneak attack , hex , and hunter 's mark all work the same way , fwiw . 
  actually we got red first in the world outside the states . 
  [ us and the kiwis are the * only * places outside america where youtube red is currently available ] ( https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6307365?hl=en ) . 
  not even the uk , canada , or western europe , places that have traditionally gotten this sort of thing long before us , have it . 
  shush you !, 
  get out of here with your logic and smarts !, 
  we 're making jokes .
