  also worth noting that here in australia , we 're required to number every single candidate , so this is n't an issue . 
  number 3 , no , absolutely not . 
  in fact , it helps minorities . 
  because there is an increased number of selected candidates per electorate , the end results will be roughly proportional , which means you 'll get more representation of minorities . 
  studies show more representation of women and minority races , for example , but more importantly ( in a political system ) minor parties are able to get in , where otherwise you tend to only see two major parties get the vast majority of seats . 
  the best that i 've found is a few different wikipedia pages . 
  a few that are worth reading ( aside from the main stv page ) :, 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/counting_single_transferable_votes ( particularly the surplus allocation section ) . 
  as well as any links on those pages describing particular facets of the different systems in more detail . 
  lastpass is a * very * good password management system , and it 's cloud based . 
  [ worth watching ] ( http://youtu.be/r9q_anb7pwg ) . 
  the good thing about lastpass is that it encrypts locally before sending the stuff up to the cloud , so you get the convenience of the cloud with the security of local . 
  my group generally responds with some form of `` can i bluff them in some way that will make them work for me ? 
  '' , and if the bluff check fails , only * then * is the response `` kill them '' . 
  this has actually been submitted before :, 
  personally , i have no problem with that , the subreddit has grown since then , and it 's such a great tale i feel people should see it . 
  i 'm just linking this here so people can see the comments . 
  can i just say , yeah , it 's really long , but it 's totally worth it . 
  maybe do n't read it all in one go , but definitely read through it . 
  it 's also extremely well written , which definitely helps . 
  seriously . 
  i try to avoid the whole hailcorporate thing , because 99 % of the time they 're grasping at straws . 
  but god damn this is obvious . 
  [ comments link ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/running/comments/2k4al0/pain_is_inevitable_suffering_is_optional_haruki/ ) to the / r/running thread . 
  better question . 
  what * is * to love ? 
  it was so dumb . 
  it took the awesomeness that is jousting , and removed the actual jousting part of it , and instead made it awkwardly driving towards each other , maybe sometimes firing an arrow off . 
  oh awesome . 
  figured she would be after she was talking about him to shaw . 
  nah , it 'd obviously be using skype . 
  got ta get that microsoft product placement in . 
  i 'm also 20 . 
  only started programming about 2 years ago . 
  definitely wish i had started earlier . 
  19 days `` pi in unix time '', 
  i use os x and windows , so people are familiar with the os when i lend them my computer . 
  but then they try to go to facebook.com and end up at uai , xrrnvjn . 
  i imagine the reaction people get when they first see your computer is n't too different to when they try to use mine . 
  when was this ? 
  and if he had that ability , why did n't he use it when he and zuko were refugees trying to enter ba sing se , rather than risk being caught by firebending visibly ? 
  we see him during one of the scenes where they line up all the past avatars . 
  there 's no flameless firebending going on there , at least no evidence of it . 
  [ here are three screenshots of the event ] ( http://imgur.com/gdw7mfy,iasbvuk,98ufkjz ) . 
  the first is right before he does it . 
  he then turns away from the camera , and we hear a hissing noise , then he turns back towards the camera and the tea is steaming . 
  it 's episode 33 , journey to ba sing se part 2 , the drill , at roughly 10:40 . 
  i 'm sure i remembered one other time that he heats up his tea with firebending , possibly by firebending through the nose , but it 's not in the ba sing se saga , and i could n't find it . 
  point is , there 's definitely no evidence that he was heating up tea without visible flames . 
  yeah , quite a while ago . 
   barcharts are plots of categorical variables, 
  i.e. , discrete values , like scores rolled on dice . 
   the discontinuity should be indicated by having gaps between the rectangles . 
  so , like what op 's graph does ? 
  the guy 's right . 
  this is n't a histogram , it 's a standard bar graph . 
  not that it matters very much either way . 
  you 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  in places with daylight saving , the time in the winter is the normal time , and in summer it 's been adjusted for extra hours in the afternoon . 
  the lack of fucking arbitrary time changes is one of the few things that makes me really proud to be a queenslander . 
  and then i hear apparently in seq the majority of people would rather start using it . 
  fuck that shit . 
  leave my time alone . 
  to be fair , they were the right age when it started , ad they could hardly find new actors . 
  gon na be the same problem ( to a lesser extent , because of the shorter time from start to finish ) with game of thrones ' young actors . 
  only if both partners go by this rule , but neither knows that the other is . 
  do you also always read cos as cosine and tan as tangent ? 
  because fuck that . 
  way too much effort . 
  [ here 's the thread it came from ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/thelastairbender/comments/1qfifj/ ), 
  which is exactly why i 've always thought daylight saving time was a completely stupid idea . 
  the uk ( like my country , australia ) has had laws requiring how you store your guns for a long time . 
  as far as i 'm aware , no such laws exist for kitchen knives , or keeping your kitchen clean . 
  the only change here is that they can actually enforce that law by checking people are storing things safely . 
  right there with you , man . 
  i grew up there as an expat , but i 'm back in my home country now for university . 
  god damn i miss the place . 
  really this two hand tip applies to absolutely everything . 
  when shaking hands it 's also normal to touch your right arm with your left hand , as well , for example . 
  i do n't actually know about this one ( it 's not a rule i ever heard when i lived in korea ) , but as a left hander here 's what i have to say about it : i do n't care what they have to say about left handers . 
  i 'm flipping things around . 
  i 'll follow any custom anyone wants me to , but if it has a left-right axis , and doing so wo n't make physical interaction with others weird ( e.g. 
  handshakes being with the right hand ) , then i 'm flipping it . 
  almost certainly . 
  i 'm a westerner who lived in korea for a while , and i can tell the difference about 80 % of the time . 
  i would be very surprised if they would n't be able to tell . 
  i 'd be careful about gauging responses to people you do n't know very well this way . 
  where i am , it would be perfectly normal to say `` not bad '' . 
  it 's not saying that you feel mediocre , it 's just a standard response . 
  google tells me 50 f is 10 c , and 65 f is 18.33 . 
  in that first one i was getting so angry on behalf of the swede . 
  i 'd be tempted to go with ezza , to be honest . 
  holy fuck french is about the furthest possible thing from a phonetic language . 
  it 's perhaps the only language with the latin script that i can think of that 's worse than english in that regard . 
  manger , mang\u00e9 , and mangez are the same, 
  mangeaient , mangeait , mangeais , and mangeai are the same , and very similar to the above . 
  to be fair , a good portion of his talk was about having a completely new programming language to supplant js . 
  3d6 has an expected value of 10.5 , exactly the same average as 1d20 ( though it 'll follow a bell curve rather than a uniform distribution ) . 
  2d10 has an expected value of 11 , which obviously would make it preferable . 
  or america could just join the rest of the world in using celsius .
