  got an email from them . 
  it 's rather long , so i 'm only posting the st lucia bit . 
  if you want to know about one of the other campuses , just ask :, 
   the st lucia campus has been affected by a significant number of trees down , fallen debris , blocked drains and power outages and we will be keeping a close eye on the brisbane river , which is yet to reach its flood peak . 
   the flood peak for the brisbane river is expected at 10am on tuesday , 29 january and again at 12 noon on wednesday , 30 january , so the campus could still be affected by rising water . 
   this pdf document details anticipated streets within st lucia likely to be affected by flooding . 
   uq 's property and facilities unit is preparing a map of st lucia campus highlighting predicted flood areas . 
  the map will be available later today . 
   based on brisbane city council projections , we can expect flooding in the areas of walcott street , the multi-level carparks on sir fred schonell drive , glasshouse rd and surrounding structures , parts of sir william macgregor drive , coleridge st ( and margaret cribb child care ) , international house and conifer knoll carpark . 
  some sports fields may be flooded . 
   staff have moved vehicles from the multi-story car parks . 
  where cars have been parked on the lower levels and we could not identify or contact owners they have been towed to a safe area . 
   some roads in and around st lucia may also be blocked , so normal access routes to and from st lucia may not be passable . 
   this means areas normally available for parking may not be available on tuesday . 
   drivers should exercise caution when driving around the campus . 
  signs will be erected to direct drivers to available parking . 
   as a precaution , the lower levels of international house are being cleared as is the margaret cribb childcare centre . 
   the faculty of science has moved the boats from the parking/storage area and some plants from the glasshouses . 
   sporting clubs such as the boathouse and others in possible flood areas have been advised to move their equipment as a precaution . 
   clean up crews are currently working on campus and it is likely that machinery will be operating across campus during the following days to clear roads and paths . 
  we urge staff and students to exercise caution and to follow the direction of safety staff . 
  ** tl ; dr ** , it 's still open but certain streets may be closed , and some things have been moved around . 
  ( i 'd say that last part should n't matter to you . ), 
  i use it as `` that sucks '' when i experience schadenfreude . 
  lol , you must get pissed off a lot . 
  i just assumed it meant quickly coming up with a funny but dry response , as opposed to taking a long time to think of it . 
  hyperventilation . 
  no , it does n't make any sense . 
  that 's how it is , though . 
  *** or make it bold , italic , and blue !, 
  not to mention it seems a pretty overcast day , which would minimise the amount of shadows . 
  you can increase vibrancy using brushes in aperture or lightroom . 
  i would n't count that kind of thing as `` photoshopping '' ( same with increasing/decreasing contrast , exposure , playing with curves etc. 
  fuck the man !, 
  haha yeah , serpents and other cornetts ( note the double t ) are awesome to see and hear , but they 're also really bizarre !, 
  kinda like the link between brass and woodwind . 
  ah , so we 'll at least get to finish this season ? 
  agreed , it just looks to me like it 's got flash . 
  it is a wedding photo , after all . 
  how many professional wedding photographers do you know that * do n't * use flash ? 
  and also the flash that lights them up but has no effect on the surroundings . 
  how clear or unclear it is , is really up to your school . 
  my school made it clear that technically cas is pass/fail , that 's it , but at the same time tried to emphasise how * important * it was . 
  it makes sense for those few people that were really close to cas being a failing condition , but for those of us who were excelling at it , the hassling was just annoying . 
  uh ... op has posted other photos . 
  and there is some shadow . 
  look behind them . 
  i was presenting reasons that it appears similar to a photoshop ; i do n't actually think it * is * photoshopped . 
  as someone who is n't in professional it , this is going to come across incredibly abrasive , and it is meat to , but at the same time it 's a genuine question , as i suspect there may be a proper reason . 
  why the fuck do businesses , schools , unis , etc. 
  all have to use fucking exchange ? 
  from the user 's end it 's a fucking painful piece of shit to deal with . 
  what 's wrong with google apps ? 
  i find that making the bed , or at least just the sheet that goes over the mattress , makes the bed more comfortable to sleep in . 
  no reason to make up the rest of it , though . 
  i 'm the same , but for different reasons . 
  i just do n't like facebook , and do n't want to give them any information that i can avoid giving them . 
  i 'll happily sign in via google if given the option , though . 
  the funniest is, 
  my leg 's on fire :\\, 
  sometimes that may be more appropriate , but not always . 
  if you 're in the middle of a text conversation with someone , and , for whatever reason , you need to type a particularly long text , then you do it . 
  calling is n't always the most appropriate solution . 
  i feel like a mbp would be an awesome windows 8 machine . 
  probably the best non-touchscreen device you could get , just because of that awesome trackpad . 
  i dunno if the drivers exist for win8 to make full use of the trackpad , though . 
  except in \u00b5torrent , steam , and a bunch of other places , where it tells you your download speed in mb/s ( or kb/s , though steam seems to mistakenly shorten kilo with a capital k ) . 
  i 'm not sure it 's as black and white as, 
   when discussing storage , one uses megabyte . 
   when discussing speeds , one uses megabit . 
  add 2 days ( jan 30 , jan 31 ) , and you get 7 months , 16 days . 
  i 'd say that passes for `` more 8 '' , as he said . 
  7 and a half months is the figure i 'd use . 
  i got the impression that this was n't so much `` obnoxious tourist '' as `` shitty parents '' . 
  to be fair , rule britannia 's a bloddy awesome piece of music . 
  i really do n't know why they do n't have it as their national anthem . 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree that 's how it should be , but realistically that rule gets broken in so many different places it 's impossible to expect people to abide by it . 
  as i said , many extremely large and popular applications give transfer speeds in bytes . 
   i 've noticed that american tourists tend to start out very affable and polite , but expect me , as a service-person , to essentially suck their dick, 
  reddit has made me see this kind of thing , but i 'm interested if you 've got any more stories of similar examples ? 
  her reaction was nothing but arsehollery , but i would have thought it would be standard when a customer orders eggs to ask them how they like it . 
  it just seems logical to me . 
  not that that defends her reaction in any way . 
  i moved to korea when i was 10 ( and my sister was 7 ) , and we got this kind of thing all the time . 
  usually when koreans do weird things like this , the only explanation is `` they 're korean '' . 
  japanese are extremely similar , culturally ( though do n't say that to anyone from one of those countries ! ) . 
  i suspect the reason for it is just that they find small white people cute . 
  you actually got the spelling correct , apart from the accent that goes on pla\u00eet . 
  i feel this would be even better if it was back when the us dollar actually was worth more than aussie . 
  in defense of the americans , many countries do accept us dollars . 
  it 's especially true in third world countries ( touristy areas of vietnam , for example ) . 
  that said , you should do some basic research on that kind of thing before travelling , and it 's not really an excuse . 
  i like it . 
  splitting the difference between aeroplane and airplane . 
  do n't listen to the guy saying meat pies are a poor choice . 
  they 're bloody amazing !, 
  really popular is `` pies and peas '' , so you might want to try that , though i personally prefer to go without the peas . 
  also make sure to have bread/toast with vegemite , lamingtons , an aussie-style hamburger , and sausage sizzle . 
  and in case it is n't clear `` seppo '' ( that the other guy said his fianc\u00e9 is ) is short for septic , and is rhyming slang for american . 
  yank rhymes with tank , which goes with septic ( as in , septic tank ) , then drop the `` tank '' and end up with septic .
