  `` limonade '' refers to carbonated , lemon-flavoured , clear soft drinks . 
  sprite and 7 up are sometimes also called lemonade . 
  so , basically , most english speaking countries outside north america seem to use it this way , as well as a few other non-english speaking countries . 
  growing up in australia , the first time we went overseas my sister and i were very young . 
  at a restaurant she once ordered lemonade and ended up with something that was clearly * not * lemonade ( to our minds ) . 
  she was not a happy 7 year old . 
  agreed . 
  to me , it 's like writing single-line if statements without the braces . 
  something that technically works and you * can * do it , but i generally prefer to avoid it where possible , because all it can do is get you into trouble down the line when things change . 
  ( the only exception i make to that is when it 's ` if ( condition ) return value ; ` all on a single line . ), 
  / u/reverie17 what the hell man ? 
  oh , i had just assumed that op * was * their teacher . 
  right , but is it not the case that technically they do n't have the authority to do that ? 
  and if so , then surely it 's reasonable to expect that the nsa is also spying on the other 5 eye countries mentioned above , despite not having the authority to do so , is it not ? 
  it beats australia 's national anthem . 
  who the fuck uses `` gurt '' . 
  like what the hell ? 
  haha no problem . 
  i thought what you made was such an unbelievably brilliant platform , but was sorely lacking in content , to the point where it is -- at least for me -- basically useless ( not your fault , of course , and hopefully wizards will grant you permission to use the spells from the phb , though honestly from what i 've seen elsewhere i doubt they will ... ) . 
  so anything i could do to try and get more content into it would be a good thing !, 
  as a side note , i downloaded the stuff off of your github , but i ca n't find any files in there that actually have the content . 
  how would one go about putting in their own content into the system if they wanted to host a version for themselves ? 
  i think it 's somewhere between the two . 
  i think it would replace the current second clause of the or , but not the first . 
  otherwise you end up with the weird situation where if there 's an enemy of the target within 5 ft. who is incapacitated , you * do n't * get to use sneak attack , but if that enemy of your enemy simply moved 5 ft. in another direction , you suddenly * would * get the sneak attack . 
  oh fair enough . 
  i appologise for blaming you . 
  i really like how candid they 're being with us in the sidebars . 
  about how their take on minotaurs is a strongly cultural one , because if you just wanted to be a brute you 've already got the half-orc and goliath . 
  and the potential strategy with the swashbuckler to disengage from two different opponents . 
  and i * really * like the word * ribbons * . 
  it 's nice to have an official word to describe those kinds of flavourful features . 
  i mean , we had `` fluff '' already , but ribbons is a bit more specific , as it 's specifically referring to * features of a class/race * that convey the flavour . 
  i really like how candid they 're being with us in the sidebars . 
  about how their take on minotaurs is a strongly cultural one , because if you just wanted to be a brute you 've already got the half-orc and goliath . 
  and the potential strategy with the swashbuckler to disengage from two different opponents . 
  and i * really * like the word * ribbons * . 
  it 's nice to have an official word to describe those kinds of flavourful features . 
  i mean , we had `` fluff '' already , but ribbons is a bit more specific , as it 's specifically referring to * features of a class/race * that convey the flavour . 
  ~ ~ no no , that 's not with the current wording !, 
  that was something with the way the user i replied to * described * how the current wording interacts with the new rule , not with the actual new rule itself . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ there 's no reason that toujours l'audace could ever actually be interpreted that way , as far as i can see . ~ ~, 
  ninjaedit : actually , disregard all of this . 
  i reread it , and now actually it seems to me that the most literal interpretation of it as written * is indeed * what you described ( and what i described earlier ) . 
  it would be a horribly wrong interpretation and i hope no one ever actually uses that , but it is the exact rule as written . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i realised the mistake there and ninja edited the comment accordingly . 
   must have an enemy of target within 5 '' that is not incapacitated, 
  is completely overruled by, 
   you can use sneak attack with any melee attack made against a target that has none of your allies adjacent to it, 
  assuming we interpret `` that has none of your allies adjacent to it '' really means `` even if it has none of your allies adjacent to it '' . 
  therefore the new swashbuckler feature should be seen as overwriting that part of the original rule . 
  the plants were in his field ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned , if they got there without him doing something , then he should be allowed to do what he wants with them from there . 
  it 's a perversion of * reasonable * legal process that he was sued over that . 
  this goes tenfold if he did n't know that the reason they were resistant was because of pollination from monsanto stuff , and just thought it was a natural evolutionary resistance . 
  not to mention the recent announcement of a battery for homes that could revolutionise the way renewable sources get used , making them far more viable as a sole/primary source of energy . 
  i could be wrong , but i suspect the gm founder was n't nearly as well known in his time as jobs is today . 
  he made a name for himself by being a public figure , and making the announcements into big presentations with himself as the star . 
  that will certainly help his case when it comes to being remembered in the long-term . 
  eh , i 'm a bit skeptical about including the watch in the list of revolutionary devices . 
  the iphone and ipad were widely considered massive game changers when they came out . 
  from the tech press i 've been following so far , the watch has been a very good product , but unlike when apple entered the phone and tablet markets most do n't seem to think apple is enormously in front of the competition this time . 
  mate , reddit fucking * hates * apple . 
  if you 're even a * little * bit reasonable you 're guaranteed upvotes for saying negative things about the company . 
  heck , a lot of the time even stupidly unreasonable comments get upvoted . 
  the fact that you 're being downvoted here is a testament only to your own ignorance and/or stupidity . 
  nothing to do with apple fanboyism . 
  yeah this is talking about disengaging without using the actual `` disengage '' option . 
  i think you missed the joke there . 
  kinda amusing , though the implication that dvorak is in any way pretentious is itself pretty damn pretentious . 
  the idea itself kinda reminds me of [ this reversed bicycle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfzdabzbll0 ) that i saw recently . 
  makes me wonder if someone could become fluent at using this doubled up keyboard layout . 
  though i will say i doubt it . 
  just fwiw , os x is pronounced oh ess ten ( you can see this by typing ` say `` os x '' ` into the terminal in os x ) . 
  if i think a law is unjust am i not allowed to say so ? 
  that seems like an awful waste of paper ... 
  not talking about the `` disengage '' action . 
  talking about the free disengage you get if you attack someone with the feature of the class . 
  that 's nice . 
  but if you 're pronouncing the apple operating system that way , you 're doing it wrong . 
  it 's the roman numeral . 
  but hitler did use violence . 
  after all , he 's the man that killed hitler . 
  cue dramatic music and vfx . 
  so there are not , in fact , good reasons , but it is instead out of some weird irrational fear of something that some people * might possibly * do as a result down the line . 
  has n't it been theorised that government agencies probably run a significant portion of exit nodes ? 
  did the northern white rhino naturally shed its horn ? 
  and if so , was it people taking those shed horns that sparked the demand that eventually led to the mass poaching ? 
  if the answer to either of those is no , then it 's irrelevant to this conversation . 
  and they 're not rhetorical , i would genuinely be interested in knowing the answer , because if so i had no idea that rhinos shed their horns . 
  but even if the answer to both of those is yes , it 's still not quite the same thing , by simple virtue of the fact that the united states would be far more effective than most african nations at stopping the poaching . 
  oh man orphan black is just crazy good . 
  but it 's a show that i feel * has * to be binged . 
  season 3 is airing right now , but i 'm waiting until it 's finished before i watch it . 
  gmt is just what utc used to be called . 
  they 're the same thing . 
  specifically :, 
   gmt was formerly used as the international civil time standard , now superseded in that function by coordinated universal time ( utc ) . 
  fwiw you could get sneak attack on that second attack .
