  as a former house captain , it is infuriating to know people are using it as a completely false excuse to get out of it . 
  the worst part is that there probably is a small number of people who legitimately are on their period at this time and are upset that they ca n't do it while others who could have taken part are using it as an excuse to skip . 
  you bet girls take advantage of their period . 
  p.s. , i do n't think werblerr 's first comment seemed condescending . 
  it seemed to me more like someone who was just innocent and poorly informed about such things . 
  it seemed to me that he was admitting his mistake . 
  his second comment , where he talks about his female women 's psychology class teacher , does seem a bit condescending , though . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/1034/ ), 
  look , it 's possible that it 's not . 
  but i very * very * much doubt it . 
  a lot of the girls at my school clearly hate swimming ( frequently complain about having to do it during pe , etc. 
  ) , so it 's the perfect excuse . 
  i 'm also * not * being hyperbolic when i say half . 
  in the higher years ( 9-13 in a 7-13 high school ) it really would be about half of all the girls who are n't explicitly sporty . 
  ( so , maybe 1-4 to 1-3 of all girls total . ), 
  i 'm so glad to see someone who recognises ( even if they do n't point out the technical term ) that the slippery slope `` argument '' is actually a fallacy . 
  my problem with the freedom of speech in britain and my own country , australia , is that it is far too easy for something to be taken the wrong way , and for things meant as parody or a joke to be considered illegal . 
  i 've seen cases of legitimate criticism being taken as slander ( or whatever the legal term for it is ) , which is simply not fair . 
  i can agree that the us probably does take freedom of speech too far , but our countries limit it too much , in my opinion . 
  we need a middle ground . 
  considering that the majority of countries worldwide are actually even more restrictive than the uk or australia , the relative difference between the us and the uk in terms of freedom of speech is very small . 
  it ca n't be too hard to find a good middle ground , i do n't think . 
  haha . 
  effect technically makes sense , though . 
  in this context , `` effect crime '' means to create more crime . 
  afaik , the cctv has n't caused more crime , so it works . 
  you 're correct here , but you 're contradicting your previous comment , which implies it 's not against the * law * , but the private companies ' policies . 
  but , as a lawyer , i think he can cover his tracks ( by which i mean avoid anything that could convict him , not necessarily hide evidence ) very well as he goes , thus making it much easier to win a case if ( when ) there is one . 
   i 've been thinking about potato_in_my_anus recently, 
  this needs no context . 
  ah , so let me guess at what happens . 
  you sign up and agree to send a file to a friend . 
  it is then sent to them , and simultaneously deleted from your computer . 
  they then give it back to you when they 're done , and it gets deleted from there computer . 
  question , if this is a correct assessment of what happens : what 's stopping me from copying the file to another location on my hard drive , or even an extra storage device , before agreeing to send them my file ? 
  it would delete the first , but keep the copied one , would n't it ? 
  i , too , am frequently appalled by the way aboriginals are treated . 
  i find it horrible that this is accepted within the culture , and would not object to some sort of law to attempt to remove it , as long as there was still room to talk about the facts ( various negative statistics like alcoholic rates etc. 
  simply are higher among aboriginals , and without being able to talk about it it 's not going to improve ) , or for tasteful comedy . 
  australia is supposed to have exceptions for comedy and the like , but i find that they too often err on the side of restricting freedom of speech when it 's a borderline case with either actual criticism , or comedy . 
  it 's not too horrendously bad , but i 'd still like the laws , and public opinion , to ease up a little . 
  oh no , there are n't any rules about it . 
  i just personally think it should be the case that on a global website , one should refrain from posting a survey for such an arbitrarily limited audience . 
  us non-americans get fed up when almost half of the total surveys posted are only for americans ( whether explicitly or simply due to stats like gpa being included ) . 
  if it only happened occasionally it would n't matter , but the frequency of it becomes really annoying . 
  what made it bad enough , in this case , for me to speak out , was that there was absolutely * no * indication of it before clicking through to the survey ( in fact , not even until the second page of the survey , by which point i 've invested time not only in reading the description , but also completely a full page of information ) . 
  i would recommend if you absolutely must do this on reddit ( and really think about whether it 's necessary first ) , then put the requirements in the title , and further explain in the description . 
  additional detail : if you wanted , you could use more generic terms , rather than party names . 
  for example , instead of `` republican '' , you could say `` conservative ideologies '' , and instead of democrats , you could say liberal ideologies , etc. 
  i did n't get where the reference came from , but i understood the concept ( painting ages while the person remains the same ) . 
  interesting thing i noticed was that in earthbending it 's the exact opposite . 
  while traditional earthbending was solid and required heavy steady stances . 
  in pro bending , korra initially uses this kind of style , but she gets corrected to be light on her feet ( in the training room ) . 
  lead him out into the wild somewhere by attacking him and running . 
  then use storm call . 
  or foos-ro-dah him off a cliff . 
  i 'll have to go back and rewatch it for that , but no , i did n't notice that first time . 
  i did n't even realise it was the same person until i read that . 
  thanks . 
  what do you mean by modern ? 
  20th century `` classical '' , jazz , rock/pop ? 
  around what time would you need it completed ? 
  i definitely found the daedric quest , house of horrors really scary . 
  the one where you [ kill the priest of boethiah brutally with a rusty mace ] ( / spoiler ), 
  and then end up getting the mace of molog bal . 
  edit : going through the house in windhelm during the murders in windhelm quest was another one that creeped me out . 
  `` blood on the ice '', 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's where the word comes from , to be fair . 
  the animation is actually done in korea . 
  i think the art style is very much similar to traditional anime . 
  what makes it different is the story and character development , imo . 
  but what about said white guy 's kids , if they also grow up in china ? 
  i ca n't speak for the uk , but in australia second generations at least are generally considered to be australian . 
  sure , if you want to distinguish them by calling them `` chinese australian '' or something of the like you can , but it 's not the norm . 
  they 're just australian . 
  why not the same with this white guy in china ? 
  such a shame you got downvoted on this , it 's so true . 
  finally !, 
  a chance to find out !, 
  are you in love with your mother ? 
  not at all . 
  saying `` you understand x as much as i understand y '' , when it is perfectly clear that you have no knowledge of y , is a common and perfectly accurate way of demonstrating that what they are speaking about is something they have no knowledge of , either . 
  actually , i hope avatar does n't get called anime . 
  i do n't like the genre as a whole , but i love avatar . 
  i just think it needs to be recognised that the visual style of avatar is very similar to anime . 
  the heavy anime lovers are trying to deny this , but honestly there 's no real legitimate argument against that . 
  the plot , the character development , the sound , all that is ( in my opinion ) significantly different ( i would say better ) than most animes have , and as such it is not an anime . 
  however , the visuals * are * similar . 
  she takes leap-days off ? 
  phew ... done . 
  i felt it was worth it , though . 
  good luck !, 
  eyes . 
  we 've seen other non-airbending avatars in the avatar state before , and it 's the eyes . 
  why is it too optimistic to have believed it would be skyrim dlc ? 
  they 've announced that there will be one in april . 
  ( i do n't really follow these things , i 'm just repeating what i saw people say when the rumours started occurring ), 
  thanks . 
  so , what , you can , with kinect , just speak the name of the shout and it 'll do it ? 
  no need to have it preselected ?
