  you should double check with your dm to know if it 's allowed , first . 
  wait , what 's wrong with bracken ridge ? 
  i 've got a mate who lives there and it 's always seemed to me like a standard brisbane suburb . 
  definitely does n't belong in the same list as logan . 
  it actually seems more like he 's asking for interpersonal advice rather than legal advice . 
  suggestions about how best to handle asking the housemate to leave . 
  of course , op then went and asked for what legal actions to take if the interpersonal stuff fails , but this subreddit should still at least be able to answer the first half . 
  luckily my subreddit has n't had any serious problems with content that needs to be removed , and it 's low enough in overall volume that catching anything that needs to be removed is easy enouh manually . 
  so i 've not bothered with something like that . 
  i 'd certainly consider doing it if the volume became more of an issue , though . 
  amusingly , i once went into the mod queue and saw something reported . 
  i read through what it was that got the report , and saw nothing wrong with it . 
  like , nothing even remotely borderline or offensive . 
  then i read the reason for the report ( it was custom , they had entered their own message ) , and it was because they wanted that story added to the subreddit 's hall of fame . 
  an obvious misuse of the report button , but i had to admit it was pretty clever . 
  i 'd love to help you , and i definitely hope someone here will try and help you with the first half of it . 
  unfortunately , i 'm absolutely terrible at that kind of thing , and if i tried to help it 'd probably make things worse . 
  you might get more feedback if you ask on your city 's subreddit ( / r/brisbane , / r/melbourne , / r/sydney , etc. ) . 
  but again , i 'd avoid asking for * legal * advice . 
  stick to the interpersonal stuff , and get in proper contact with a professional if you want legal recommendations . 
  proposed means debate . 
  put means vote . 
  this bill , whether you agree with it or not , is important . 
  we should get it to the point where it is being voted up , or down , quickly . 
  therefore , i believe that even if someone does not support it , they should be in favour of moving towards the final vote . 
  considering the bill in its whole is the first step towards this . 
  zagorath , member for brisbane and surrounds, 
  practice is a little different , because in american english it 's * always * spelt with a c . other forms of english ( british , australian , some canadians ) make the same distinction where s is the verb and c the noun . 
  although , come to think of it , it * might * be the case that in american english , spelling it with a c is always preferred , as well . 
  i 'm not too sure about that one . 
  but anyway , the way i remember it is by remembering that the `` ize/ise '' suffix is a sort of `` make this noun into a verb '' suffix . 
  tranquilise , for example , is a verb which means `` to make tranquil '' . 
  so practise ( which i pronounce in my head with a `` z '' sound , although it is n't pronounced like that out loud , just because it helps me remember which word is which ) and advise ( which * is * pronounced with the z sound ) are the verb forms . 
  some study has actually been done into this , though not very much . 
  [ tl ; dr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/handedness_and_sexual_orientation ) , there 's no conclusive evidence either way , though the tentative link seems to be the exact opposite : between extreme right-handedness and non-heterosexuality . 
  as for my own anecdotal evidence , i and all the lefties i know ( probably only like 3 or 4 others ) are straight , while as far as i 'm aware , the gay people i know ( only 4 or 5 that i could name the handedness of ) are all righties . 
  to be fair , dem lightsaber battlez were totally fucking awesome in the whole prequel trilogy . 
  it 's pretty much their biggest redeeming factor . 
  out of interest , how is this being run ? 
  ah yeah , those are the only official options out so far . 
  but it 's worth knowing that wizards of the coast ( the company that publishes d&d ) publishes an article called `` unearthed arcana '' each month , and each of these contains some extra options that can be used . 
  they come with the caveat of being completely unplaytested , and thus they 're beta material . 
  i know when i was dming , i by default did n't allow this material because of this ( though i would have been willing to make exceptions for particularly good reasons , and to me the backstory you 've written up probably would have been sufficient ) , but yours might , so it could be worth looking at . 
  two of the articles that have come out so far have been on waterborne adventures and on modifying classes , which is where the storm sorcerer and favoured soul sorcerer come from , respectively . 
  ( some other uas include one on psionics , one detailing some stuff for the eberron setting , and rules for a campaign set in the modern world . ), 
  [ the storm sorcerer is described thus  ( https://media.wizards.com/2015/downloads/dnd/ua_waterborne_v3.pdf ), 
   your innate magic comes from the power of, 
  elemental air . 
  perhaps you were born during a, 
  howling gale so powerful that folk still tell, 
  stories of it . 
  your lineage might include the, 
  influence of potent air creatures such as vaati or, 
  djinni . 
  whatever the case , the magic of the storm, 
  permeates your soul . 
  ( and the favoured soul says it was created on this basis  ( https://dnd.wizards.com/articles/features/modifying-classes ), 
   this decision reflects the idea that the character is someone who is fundamentally changed by the touch of his or her deity , which awakens powerful magical abilities . 
  of course , if you do n't want to bother with all that , or if your dm does n't allow it , the wild magic sorcerer is an absolute hoot !, 
  i had a character in my last campaign who had those wild magic surges , and they can be so much fun . 
  aids ? 
  yeah , utter nonsense . 
  and can you imagine having the gaul to accuse some fine member of the nobility of * being * a bear ? 
  gosh . 
  if this is both the first time i 've seen the op , and the first time i 've seen that pdf , does that make me a lucky 10 ^ ( 8 ) ? 
  awesome , cheers . 
  has this been posted on the subreddit before ? 
  think of them as more like brackets used in maths ( for grouping sections of higher precedence -- i.e. , bits that should go together ) rather than brackets in written language , used for parenthesis ( i.e. , to add an aside to the text ) . 
  to me , at least , using brackets works better for the purpose of explicitly demonstrating the grouping than a hyphen would , just because the grouping is very clear at a visual glance . 
  with a hyphen , at first glance , it actually has the opposite effect -- it looks like public license are more closely grouped , because they only have a space between them , rather than a physical horizontal line ( the hyphen ) . 
  it 's only after a split second , when you get the chance to really think about what it * means * , that the hyphen 's true meaning becomes clear . 
  wait , what was that ? 
  i do n't remember it . 
  til ticket inspectors are 6-month-olds . 
  you can get citycycle access for 24 hours for $ 2 ( maximum of 30 minutes per trip , or it starts costing more , so you need to stop and change bikes a few times for longer distances ) . 
  unfortunately , you have to be on a longer plan ( not sure what the term is , might be a year ) to use your gocard with citycycle . 
   incognito prevents cookies from traversing multiple tabs, 
  nope . 
  not in chrome . 
  it kinda sorta does this in firefox or safari ( ca n't remember which i most recently tried ) , i think , and frankly it 's a real pain in the arse . 
  they definitely meant that what you described does n't happen . 
  they 're definitely wrong . 
  because if people started using it , there would be more cyclists on the road . 
  and cyclists are evil !, 
  is that only counting live viewership ? 
  because i would 've thought a show like q&a would have a fairly substantial number of iview viewers . 
  i know i always watch the show , but almost never live . 
  hitler preferred pi . 
  present, 
  personally , i prefer [ our hall of fame ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dndgreentext/wiki/hof ) . 
  but yes , there is a lot of great content in here . 
  two weeks is , in a model parliament , a more than sufficient amount of time for the public to consider any alterations to the constitution , before they vote on it . 
  this has my full support . 
  zagorath , leader of the house, 
   how much money can a solar roof save you intexas ? 
  almost . 
  could you elaborate a little on that last point ? 
  i 've pretty much put a personal project of mine on hold because i hate trying to get my css to do what i want it to do * so much * . 
  is there an easier way ? 
   one of the biggest names in tech,
