  welcome back , australia . 
  thank you , graeme smith . 
  this was from the commentary on [ cricinfo ] ( http://www.espncricinfo.com/south-africa-v-australia-2013-14/engine/match/648677.html?innings=4;page=3;view=commentary ) , and it really resonated with me . 
  ah fair enough . 
  see , that 's actually a pretty interesting story , but you 've been downvoted because the image did n't make that very clear it seemed much less interesting . 
  where in ebonheart is this ? 
  but hey , it 's not all bad :, 
   you can be who you want to be . 
  the only things limited to you are four class skill trees , but the ** vast majority of the skills in the game ** are shared by everyone . 
  eso does n't have generic tank/dps/healer classes . 
  i played a sorcerer with a focus of two-handed weapons . 
  my mate was playing a nightblade healer . 
  you can do whatever you want with these classes , because they really only represent a shared-tree of skills . 
  you clearly have very little idea of how the skill systems and classes work in eso , which makes me think you did very little actual theory-crafting while playing the beta ... which is fine of course . 
  you just should n't be criticizing something you have n't fully researched . 
  think of templars/nightblades/dragon knights/sorcerers as the `` dragonborn '' of eso . 
  they are simply special abilities , not a determination of what you do in the game . 
  you want to be an archer ? 
  great , pick any of the four classes and you 'll do great . 
  you want to be a dps warrior ? 
  fantastic , pick any of the classes . 
  / u/meowshi 's sitting at +30 for that wonderful comment . 
  here 's a tip , then . 
  in the future , do n't make three paragraph comments criticising something only that you actually do n't know much about . 
  i 'm not going to downvote you for your honesty , but i can easily see how others would . 
  i recently downloaded spartacus for the same reason . 
  have n't started watching yet , but i 'm looking forward to it . 
  is it the freighter ? 
  i feel like it 's the freighter . 
  how 's it work in that ? 
  i 'm too young to remember 1998 , but i must say i do really like the way australia 's gst works right now . 
  you 've got 3 years on me , then . 
  it 's not great for a or b , but my experience has been that facebook is an incredible medium for submitting feedback and getting responses on that feedback . 
  it just depends on whether or not the business is willing to engage its audience , and so far it looks like translink is doing a good job of that . 
   how often do you break the rules ? 
  that 's a really vague question . 
  which rules ? 
  i ca n't speak for dev , but i use beta because i like getting new features ages before most people get them . 
  i also use canary partly for the same reason , but partly because it installs itself as a separate browser , so i 've essentially got two versions of chrome . 
  i use canary when i just want to quickly open up chrome without it loading all of my previously open tabs . 
  for what it 's worth 34.0.1847.45 beta on os x for me is showing the search google for button , but 35.0.1874.2 canary is n't . 
  i 've gotten back to a link that 's 12 days old . 
  i 'm leaving it open and taking a rest . 
  but i 'll come back to this . 
  i do n't care if it takes me a whole year , i will see the end of it . 
   increasing the score you give to your favorite can only increase the chance of your favorite winning, 
  exactly . 
  so why would you not just automatically give a maximum score to all candidates you agree with , and give minimum score to all candidates you disagree with ? 
  what is the incentive to actually vote according to how much you agree with someone , rather than devolving the system to essentially approval voting . 
  and yes , av does have its problems . 
  in particular , if a minor party is the second favourite for the majority of people , it will still be eliminated early in the process . 
  but in practice this is not a problem . 
  in practice , you do n't usually get a single party with such a large second preference . 
  the example in the video is a similar example to this . 
  in practice , most of the time supporters of the `` good '' party will support the `` ideal '' party for their second preference . 
  the australian electorate of melbourne is the perfect example of this . 
  the two big parties in australia are labor ( left wing ) and liberal ( right wing ) . 
  we have one significant third party , the greens ( far left ) . 
  in most seats , the liberals would win on fptp , because the left wing vote is split between labor and the greens . 
  however , because of av , the green vote gets eliminated and is mainly passed to labor , because the vast majority of green supporters would rather labor than liberal . 
  melbourne is the exception to this . 
  in the last two federal elections , the seat of melbourne saw the greens win more primary votes than labor , and so labor was eliminated and their votes were passed to the greens , seeing a green representative elected . 
  the vast majority of real cases with three parties would follow a similar pattern , and so while it is certainly a theoretical problem with the system , it is not one that people typically have to worry about actually occurring . 
  i guess what i 'm asking is that i do n't understand how people could have a `` higher satisfaction '' by voting honestly . 
  is that self reported ? 
  based on some objective criteria about who actually got in ? 
  also , the sort of strategic voting thing is n't as likely to come up in a simple test vote . 
  you would need years of politics before conventions et cetera start appearing so voters know exactly what voting strategically would mean for them . 
  my basic point here is that you can construct a theoretical case where av suffers from the spoiler effect , however most typical real-life political situations will not see this problem . 
  does that help ? 
  yeah you 're definitely not going to find any disagreement from me there . 
  range voting is definitely an improvement on approval . 
  but australians were the same until the switch was made . 
  one generation later that was all gone , because we committed to the switch entirely . 
  many older australians could probably give you their height in feet and inches if asked for that , but even they would largely default to using metric . 
  so i 'm guessing it 's been going about two-three years ? 
  that should n't be too hard , right ? 
  i 'm 2 months in now ... 
  where 'd you get the 15,000 figure from ? 
  unfortunately i ca n't find the one i remember seeing , but i 'm fairly sure it was much larger than that . 
  oh right . 
  the one i 'm talking about was n't the same one as the original article from this thread . 
  welp , this is the oldest one in the thread that i can reply to . 
  the next one 's archived . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  beyond count . 
  a hell of a lot, 
  it 's good to see someone else here so recently . 
  oh stranger from a far land . 
  pray tell me if you were successful in your journey . 
  wait are there only three episodes left ? 
  are n't they doing a full season ? 
  yeah it 's been really annoying . 
  the last one was , i think , for the winter olympics , and before that was the christmas and new year holidays . 
  i think there may have been something in between those two , but i forget ... 
  that 's not backwards , that 's just repeating exactly what op said . 
  [ the promise ] ( http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/9215346/avatar_-_the_last_airbender_-_the_promise_complete ), 
  [ the search ] ( http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/9209952/avatar_-_the_last_airbender_-_the_search_complete_-_parts_1__2__ ), 
  they should be read in that order , as the search follows on from the promise , just as the rift will follow on from the search . 
  someone else mentioned elsewhere that they are currently filming episode 20 .
