  a professional photographer is defined by it being their * primary * source of income . 
  meaning whatever money they make , photography-related income ( whether blog ads , sold photos , or tickets to workshops ) is over 50 % of that total income . 
  however , i also said that this aspect of it is not an integral part of the debate . 
  more important is the way it was done . 
  that is , a number of photos were submitted ( perfectly ok , given what subreddit we 're in ) , with some descriptions of how they were taken ( also generally thought if as acceptable ) . 
  the part that 's up for debate is that he linked back to his blog . 
  he was n't rude or obnoxious about it . 
  he linked in the album description and on the first photo . 
  then one of the comments had a link too . 
  i would say that anyone who thinks this is over the top is probably kidding themselves . 
  the content that was linked to was also highly relevant . 
  it was further detail about the photos that is beneficial for this who want to discover more information about them . 
  this same info was provided as a comment for convenience , but is more nicely formatted on the website . 
  additionally , the website also provides easy access to more photos that the person in question may find interesting . 
  i fail to see how this is a problem . 
  if you were enjoying your day being ruined , check the post about the french government agency and wikipedia . 
  i went to the comments hoping the title and link itself were exaggerated . 
  they were n't , and now i 'm really infuriated . 
  fun ( or not so fun , depending on how you look at it ) fact : the uk has about a quarter the gun-related deaths of australia ( per capita ) , which has about half of canada 's death rate , which is about a fifth the rate of the united states . 
  the united states has about ** 40 times ** as many gun-related deaths per capita as the united kingdom . 
   teachers have regular monologues with each student about how they feel and how they 're doing in class, 
  i absolutely love what they 're trying to do by this , but i ca n't help but think this is an absolutely * terrible * way of going about it . 
  the idea of having teachers attempt to be more aware of students ' well-beings is a great one , but if i -- as a student -- had been required to have regular one-on-one chats with teachers like that , it would have made me feel really , really , awkward . 
  there being more people is irrelevant . 
  the statistic is number of deaths per capita , i.e. , the number of deaths divided by the population . 
  and the fact that there are more guns was kinda my point . 
  less guns = less gun-related deaths . 
  this may seem like an obvious statistic , but the gun nuts in the us ( and surprisingly , even those that are otherwise very left wing in the us often seem to support loose gun laws ) frequently argue against this fact . 
  i misread your comment at first , and was about to correct you . 
  just to prevent the possibility of other people making the same mistake i nearly did :, 
  intentional homicides per 100,000 people in the uk : 1.2, 
  in australia : 1.0, 
  the united states : 4.8, 
  the stat here is n't nearly as damning as the previous one , only 4 times as many homicides overall as the uk , and just under 5 times that of australia . 
  however it is very difficult ( if indeed possible at all ) to draw any gun-related conclusions from that part of the data . 
  see , that 's the thing . 
  i had some amazing relationships with my teachers , but i would still find it awkward to have such a structured sit down and discuss how i 'm doing in the class . 
  i 'm relatively socially awkward ( but not to the point of asperger 's or social anxiety ) , so i may be slightly on the fringe , but it 's by no means a tiny portion of students . 
  i think that just by having a good relationship with their students in a general sense , a good teacher will be able to assess how the student is doing without needing such a potentially awkward situation . 
   a death is a death , and comparing only gun deaths is deceptive, 
  very good point ( though you got the figure wrong : in the us it 's 4.8 ) , but stating gun rates is also important due to the fact that many gun-related deaths could be prevented if guns were more difficult to get . 
  killing with a gun is much more impersonal than stabbing someone with a knife , or strangling them ( though probably more personal than poisoning ) . 
  getting rid of guns , many people may find it far more difficult to make that same kill using a knife . 
  this is why i was actually really glad when someone else pointed out that * even when you take all homicides into account * , the uk is still far less than the us . 
  and taking african americans or any other demographic out of the equation is utterly pointless . 
  like it or not , they * are * a part of you country 's population , and whatever social issues are causing their rate of homicide to be higher than other demographics is still a social issue that exists in the country . 
  and none of this is at all related to the fact that lower access to guns does lead to lower total death rates . 
  fair point , but that 's why i 'm specifically choosing developed , western , countries . 
  because i want to compare countries with a similar culture and income level , so that it 's more easy to draw comparisons between them . 
  1 ) the constitution should n't be some god-given document that is always respected no matter what . 
  * if * something in the constitution is found to be no longer applicable to modern society , it should be removed . 
  whether or not one considers the 2nd amendment fits this criteria is of course hotly debated , but one should not act as though it being in the constitution means it can never be changed . 
  that attitude is incredibly backward and unproductive . 
  case in point : the 18th and 21st amendments . 
  quickedit : also worth noting the specific reasons for the original creation of the second amendment , and comparing that to the usual arguments against gun control . 
  they do n't match up in the slightest . 
  2 ) i agree , it is an incredibly difficult thing to propose , but i do n't think that should stop them from trying . 
  managing to get rid of 50 % of the guns is better than none ( if one accepts the premise that getting rid of all -- or as close as possible to all -- guns would be beneficial ) . 
  3 ) perhaps true , but i feel that 's a bit of a straw man argument . 
  if you could remove guns only from those areas it would be great , but a political nightmare . 
  far easier , politically , to get rid of all guns . 
  ( this is n't really an argument i would normally make , but i 'm trying to argue against a straw man here , which makes it difficult ) . 
  and that stuff about lower guns leading to lower death rates is not bullshit . 
  it 's up for debate , and you 've selected a source that supports your argument , just as [ i have selected a source that supports mine ] ( http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/hicrc/firearms-research/guns-and-death/ ) . 
  i do n't think it 's insignificant , however , for me to note that that harvard site there was the first one that comes up when searching for `` homicide rate vs gun ownership '' -- a very neutral search term . 
  and comparing japan , korea , and other countries is problematic at best . 
  for one thing , while suicide rates are included in the gun-related death rates cited above , they are not included in homicide rates that have been cited elsewhere in this thread . 
  you will also see that even excluding homicides , the us has far higher gun-related death rates than the uk , australia , and canada . 
  another important point is that the reason i have chosen to compare these countries is because they most closely match in terms of culture and income . 
  comparing countries with very different cultures and/or incomes means you are not comparing ceteris paribus , and so meaningful comparisons are next to impossible . 
  right . 
  the number of guns is higher than australia ( at 15 ) , but lower than the united states ( at nearly 90 ) . 
  just like the homicide rate is . 
  it 's not a direct correlation , obviously , but it seems fairly clear that the general trend of the data is in that direction . 
  oh definitely . 
  first world problems is n't * quite * the right term for this situation , but it definitely comes close . 
  stay safe . 
   * the * best humour of all time, 
  does n't need the word british in there . 
  ( aussie here , fwiw ), 
  ( see : google + vs. facebook ), 
  they already have a term for them . 
  not having usernames is a convenience ? 
  i refuse to use services like whatsapp or viber specifically because they do n't use usernames . 
  my phone number is my phone number . 
  if someone sends a message to it , i want to receive that message in my sms app . 
  the other day , i started receiving smss in the facebook messenger app , and got super fucking confused . 
  i had never given messenger permission to take over that functionality ( it had never asked for it ) , and i do n't even have my phone number listed under `` mobile phones '' on the facebook info page . 
  i went straight in and turned that off in the settings . 
  people whose name is rhianna , and people whose name is not rhianna ? 
  i was born in 94 and i played a heap of aoe 1 when i was young . 
  around 98 -- 00 ( i think , could be wrong on the exact timeframe ) you got it in cereal packets . 
  did n't play aoe2 until something like 05 -- 06 . 
  aom was by far my favourite , though . 
  started on it around the same time as kings . 
  hangouts , circles , communities , and events ( specifically party mode ) would beg to differ . 
  regarding 2 , my experience has been that chrome * does * behave how you 're used to . 
  regarding 3 , chrome was the first of the major browsers to incorporate this feature ( and sorry , despite how great it is for many people , i do n't consider opera among the `` major '' browsers ) . 
  i do n't know which of these two had that feature first , although opera is famous for having many features well before its competitors do . 
  i 've got a heap set up ( `` youtube '' searches youtube , `` wikipedia '' takes me to the relevant wp article ( not a search , i.e. , / wiki / % s , where % s is the searched term ) , `` define '' takes me to the wiktionary article ) .
