  they then differentiate authoritarian and libertarian social policies . 
  libertarianism is right-libertarian on the political compass , conventional conservative politics is right-authoritarian , and conventional progressive politics is moderately left-libertarian . 
  many performance jobs disregard ohs . 
  another example is that orchestral musicians frequently play in situations where the sound volume is above the limit . 
  that 's the definition political compass uses . 
  if you have a better system that can easily classify the vast majority of political beliefs , then feel free to share . 
  i 'm curious , how does that work , exactly ? 
  when i was in high school , most of the kids from my school who were going to america for uni were in the process of applying to start in august ( or whenever the start of the academic year is ) around this time . 
  those applying for the really big unis were pretty much finished by this point . 
  australian , but i went to an international school in asia . 
  most of my classmates went on to either the us or england , with a fair few going to other parts of europe or australia or canada , and the remainder went somewhere in asia -- to their home countries , mostly . 
  i do n't . 
  the point it 's trying to make is correct -- i.e. , the lock and key metaphor for sex is a bad one -- but the argument it 's using to make that point is n't a valid one . 
  the lock and key metaphor if taken literally is correct . 
  a key that opens many locks is a special key , and a lock that is opened by too many different keys is a shoddy lock . 
  the problem with that metaphor lies in trying to say that sex works in the same way . 
  but the pencil thing just does n't make sense . 
  a sharpener that sharpens many pencils is a good sharpener ( but it 's also what you * expect * of * any * sharpener ) . 
  a pencil that can be sharpened by a lot of sharpeners is the same . 
  it 's what you expect , and it means it 's a good pencil . 
  ah , i assumed that the reason you said canadian was simply that canada is close to the us , so there 's probably a large number of canadians that go to the us for uni . 
  but yeah , the school tends to get really good results . 
  we had a couple of kids that managed to get interviews at cambridge . 
  they did n't get in , though . 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't actually listen to this one right now , but it 's worth noting that the tempo is actually allegretto , which is a pretty moderate tempo . 
  for a piece that would be considered `` slow '' , it 's actually rather quick . 
  about 100 crotchet beats per minute would be allegretto . 
  edit : just listened to it , and also looked up the score . 
  beethoven marks it 76 crotchets per minute . 
  have to say , though , i find that a little too fast for my taste . 
  that said , the first movement of moonlight sonata absolutely * has * to be played at the intended tempo , and actually usually gets played at nearly half that ( due to a mistake in reading his tempo marking ) . 
  the world wide web consortium shortens it as w3 . 
  holy shit . 
  i thought it was weird when a tour of the jenolan caves in new south wales , australia , had an audio guide option in klingon . 
  but a whole * week * !? 
  damn that 's dedication . 
  the good thing is we 've got incredibly good vaccines for rabies , so it is n't too much of a problem . 
  you can even get the vaccine shortly after being bitten . 
  i do n't dislike him , but god damn that was an awful movie . 
  i think that part of the confusion was that your previous comment actually implied that if people with neilsen boxes watch it , it will * reduce * ratings , which is obviously ridiculous . 
  it was a simple typo/mistake , but ended up giving the opposite meaning . 
  the they may have slightly altered the meaning of the term ` right wing ' , but they also use ` libertarian ' to what libertarians on this subreddit would use . 
  the exact words they use do n't really matter . 
  what matters is the concepts that they are trying to show . 
  that the x-axis is less government intervention economically as it goes more positive , and the y-axis is more government intervention socially as it goes positive . 
  i think the big problem i have with a lot of political philosophies ( especially the more extreme libertarian or the more extreme left-wing ones ) is that they make this claim that with a certain set of rules , people should behave in a certain way , and that will cause everything to work out . 
  assuming your description of free market socialism is correct , i would assume that the idea is that people * choose * to form these co-ops , and that there is in fact no governmental regulation that means they inherently must act in that way . 
  the differences between anarcho-capitalism and traditional anarchism seem much the same to me . 
  both are a society without government , it 's just that in one , people * choose * to work together in a communal way , and in the other they * choose * to act within the idea of capitalism . 
  but to me , both seem to be based on the notion that people * will * act according to the way that they claim people should . 
  and that 's where the problem is , because you can almost guarantee that they * wo n't * behave in this way . 
  sorry for the rant , it 's just that i finally came to a realisation with words of why exactly i feel the way i do about many of these political ideologies , and it was related somewhat to the explanation you provided . 
  honestly i 'm not surprised . 
  the entire party is all about palmer 's ego , and he 's already made it to parliament . 
  a heap of people seem to be saying it , so i assume it 's some reference that i 'm not getting , but if anyone wants a serious answer , it 's pronounced `` four ex '' , and it 's one of the most popular mainstream beers in queensland . 
   actually , we perceive americans as pretty loud, 
  honestly , this is a pretty world-wide stereotype . 
  ( that said , as an australian , i feel that when australians go overseas they can be pretty obnoxious , too . ), 
   the believe of a king not dieing but instead being taken deep into a mountain where he waits for his time to comeback in the moment of deepest despair, 
  this reminded me of [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drpzxkssezg ) , although it 's a piece by a norwegian composer , based on a play by a norwegian playwrite , so not actually german at all . 
  the statistician in you should know that that is n't necessarily true . 
  it is certainly possible to have a situation where most people are on the extremes . 
  `` average '' in this context is more like median , or even mode , than it is the typical mean . 
  rugby ( especially rugby union ) players * do * tend to be very large . 
  while they 're actively playing that 's a lot of muscle , but then there 's a tendency to go fat once they do n't play as much any more . 
  i 'm now trying to imagine a massively obese person getting into the ski lift and skiing down a steep slope . 
  oh interesting . 
  i did n't realise that was an australian saying . 
  ah , even more interesting . 
  i 'm a queenslander , although one who spent most of his teenage years overseas . 
  i do the same when i see people like you . 
  yes , not all reddit people think the same , but collectively , you 'll find nearly * no * group that all thinks exactly the same . 
  using collective terms is an acceptable way of describing the way it seems the majority of a group of people seems to think . 
  in this case , if many of the top voted comments on many threads seem to have a similar opinion , then it 's perfectly acceptable to say `` reddit thinks this '' , so long as you do n't explicitly state that `` all redditors think this '' . 
  only if you 're an amateur/giving it to someone for the first time . 
  when you 've been eating it since you started eating solid food , yes you bloody well do . 
  to be fair , countries like the [ uk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:royal_coat_of_arms_of_the_united_kingdom.svg ) * ca n't * eat their coat of arms on account of one of the animals not existing , and the other not having ever been native to the country . 
  it 's an acquired taste . 
  many cultures around the world have foods that would taste absolutely awful to you on your first taste , and the reason they like it is because they 're brought up with it . 
  my favourite example is kim-chi in korea . 
  it 's `` not equal to '' . 
  personally i prefer using '' ! = '' to represent that , but other symbols people use are '' ~ = '' and '' = / = '' . 
  unfortunately \u2260 is n't a character most people ( anyone on windows ) can easily type . 
  fair point , actually . 
  in the context of saying `` reddit thinks '' as a whole , i 'd say it 's fair to assume they mean `` most of the default subreddits think '' is equivalent . 
  i think it 's a fair approximation . 
  states in the us have far more power than states in , say , australia , and the federal government is comparatively weaker than the australian one . 
  ( i 'm using australia because it 's what i 'm familiar with , but i would be very surprised if the same did not hold true for french regions or german states . ), 
  this brings the approximation closer to being true , although obviously american states do have less power than european countries , and the eu has less power than the us federal government . 
  more importantly , the claim applies more to the culture than the politics . 
  while there is n't as much cultural variation between different parts of the us , it certainly has got more variation in its culture than australia -- a similarly sized country -- which is fairly culturally homogeneous , with some distinction between `` city '' and `` country '' , but not much beyond that . 
  ( note , i 'm talking here about * culture * , and not racial or other demographical diversity . ), 
  the uk ( like my country , australia ) goes too far in its slander laws , but the us goes too far the other way , where you can have blatant lies presented as facts in news and advertising . 
  that nazi thing is [ not entirely accurate ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-23710715 ) . 
  edit : like / u/franklin _ stubbs , i 'd rather stay away from the gun things . 
  i * really * like the way my country handled it , and i 'm never going to be convinced otherwise . 
  i suspect you are n't going to be swayed , either . 
  in fairness , i said i do the same , but i do n't really . 
  i usually just ignore it , but in this case i felt the need to explain it . 
  i 'm not sure what abeding it is , but i think you 're on to something .
