  yeah , i 'm really concerned about the storage issue . 
  i 'll probably just take out a bunch of my library . 
  dunno how i 'll choose what , though ... 
  what amazes me about vaya is that they give unlimited international sms along with the domestic sms and mms . 
  edit : that 's on their $ 17 and above plans , which include unlimited sms . 
  if you want unlimited sms and mms ( including international sms ) , $ 17 will get you that plus $ 700 `` included value '' and 2 gb data . 
  i had that problem for a while . 
  kept trying and managed to succeed pretty quickly . 
  i figured this error was occurring just because of the servers being overloaded or something . 
  i 'm the same . 
  lte , i can take it or leave it , but only 16 gb is really annoying for me . 
  not bad enough for me to not have ordered an n ^ ( 4 ) , but it 's gon na mean i got ta be really selective with what music i put on it . 
  i think you should contact your current carrier and get them to unlock it . 
  from what i 've heard it 's really easy . 
  if you 're looking at kogan , also consider [ amaysim ] ( http://www.amaysim.com.au/mobile-plans ) and [ vaya ] ( http://www.vaya.net.au/?option=mobile ) . 
  both use the optus network with faster 3g than with kogan . 
  amaysim flexi : $ 19.90 a month ; unlimited voicemail , 500 mb data ; and 9c/text and 9c/minute call ( no flagfall ) , which both come from a $ 19.90 credit . 
  amaysim unlimited : $ 39.90 , calls and sms all unlimited , 4 gb data, 
  vaya flexi plans : see [ this pdf ] ( http://www.vaya.net.au/downloads/new-flexi%20plan.pdf ) . 
  free sms ( on the $ 17 and up plans ) includes mms , and international sms . 
  vaya unlimited : $ 29 , unlimited sms and mms ( again includes international sms ) , 4 gb data , $ 100 international call credit . 
  that 's if you activate before the end of february , i do n't remember what it 'll revert to after then . 
  shit , i feel lucky to have ordered in time . 
  damn , i thought they were going to be fine for stock from now on ... 
  guess i should consider myself lucky to have gotten in on time . 
  yeah , looked like that to me , too . 
  i just finished writing out his trauermarsch in sibelius . 
  ca n't find a recording of it for the life of me , though . 
  even signed up for spotify just to see if it was in there . 
  to be fair , fire never burns in atla except when used as a specific plot device , and a whole bunch of other random inconsistencies even within the bending . 
  it 's a work of fiction with a plot to it . 
  they need to bend the rules in order to tell the story in the best way . 
  musically ? 
  no , she definitely is n't the worst . 
  but visually ? 
  yeah , she is . 
  yeah , if i go to a doctor and see neat handwriting , i high-tail it out of there . 
  is the last question `` if religion never existed '' , or `` if religion disappeared today '' ? 
  i answered under the assumption of the latter , but my answer would be different depending on which of those options . 
  it 's never lupus . 
  the small number of north koreans i 've met ( namely their youth soccer team ) looked exactly the same as south korean people to my eyes . 
  but yeah , i 'm the same . 
  if you 've lived in one of the three countries , it 's pretty easy to tell the difference between koreans , japanese , and chinese , after a while . 
  nope , you 're probably the only one in this thread that * is n't * . 
   and enforce environmental rules, 
  can they choose what environmental rules they want to enforce ? 
  could australia not make a case that any ship that is n't completely wind-powered is polluting because of exhaust or whatever from its engine ? 
  derpped on that one ... 
  he 's uploaded a score now !, 
  some technical things with the score and notation :, 
  you need to have transposing instruments transpose . 
  in sibelius , there 's a single button to switch between showing all instruments at concert pitch , and having transposed instruments show in their written pitch . 
  this looks more like a finale score , or possibly something else , but i imagine they all have a similar feature . 
  the horn 's first note should be written as an f , and the clarinets ' should be d and a. 
  the very beginning is missing a time signature . 
  good job on telling the timpanist what to tune to , but i believe the convention is to write them in the order of lowest to highest ( or possible vice versa , but certainly not higglety pigglety ) . 
  piano 8vb markings should go * below * the staff . 
  dynamics need to look like dynamics , and not normal text . 
  your score seems to go back and forth between the two . 
  ( especially looking at the cello in the first 5 bars . ), 
  in sibelius it 's as simple as holding down ctrl/command while pressing p , f , etc. , and it should n't be too difficult in whatever software you 've used . 
  watch for how rests get grouped . 
  in 4/4 two crotchet beat rests on either the first two or last two should be grouped as a minum rest , but three beats should be grouped into a minum and a crotchet , not a dotted minum . 
  the usual antonym to pizzicato ( which , fwiw , you may want to just write `` pizz . 
  '' , but that 's not necessary ) is `` arco '' . 
  the harpist should have pedal markings . 
  watch [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdtcie2t32u ) to learn a bit more about them . 
  actually , now that i 've mentioned it , this guy has a heap of other videos that a really handy , even if you may know a lot of what he says already . 
  is it reasonable to expect a percussionist to change from chimes to glocks in just 2 beats at 150 bpm ? 
  i suppose since it 's been performed it must have been , but that certainly seems a really tough transition . 
  when writing `` espressivo '' along with a dynamic change , put both on the same line , so it says '' ** mf ** espres . '', 
  i 'm not sure there 's any need to write both `` con sordino '' and `` mute '' . 
  either one is fine , but since they mean the same thing , i think both just looks kinda strange . 
  if you choose to go with con sordino , end it with senza sordino . 
  all text relating to tempo should be bold ( i 'm looking specifically at bar 89 , the `` largo '' , but there are a few others ) . 
  mute markings for brass should be placed directly on the note , not a few bars before . 
  a warning should be placed at their last exit , if there is a large rest in between . 
  ( part 2 , i ran out of characters ), 
  `` really accemt downbeats ! '', 
  whoops !, 
  i do n't * think * you need to write `` double stop '' when asking the timpanist ( or a string player , for that matter ) to double stop . 
  it 's probably clear from the fact that there 're two notes to be played at the same time . 
  ( for example , one of the most famous early examples of timpani double-stopping , the slow movement of beethoven 's 9th , just assumes the timpanist will understand . ), 
  but anyway , i 'm really impressed with this !, 
  i 'm not a good enough composer to give a critique of its actual musicality , but it definitely seems amazing to me . 
  just remember , presentation is important !, 
  so by up voting this to the front page of reddit , we 're playing into their hands ? 
  is there context behind this ? 
  why did the brisbane city council even need to post that status to begin with ? 
  i do n't quite understand . 
  what 's wrong with having a single email account with a secure password ? 
  what exactly do you gain by the second one ? 
  yeah , lastpass is bloody amazing , but two-factor authentication makes it a hell of a lot more secure . 
  sure you can have a 12-character password with a 64 + bit character set , but even that can eventually be brute-forced . 
  the chances of them brute forcing that password * and * stealing * your * phone , and knowing which goes with which ? 
  damn near zero . 
  my lastpass password ( which i change on a fairly regular basis , or at least plan to ) is a long-ish ( but certainly not 20 characters ) set of truly ( or almost truly ) random letters ( both cases ) , numbers , and symbols . 
  i feel that 's probably better than any sentence just for security 's sake . 
  i do n't think everyone with a twitter account gets this , only the 250,000 that were leaked . 
  i did n't get an email from twitter about this .
