  inertia , laziness , whatever , are * not * valid reasons to continue using an outdated and inefficient system of measurement . 
  actually , it is paper . 
  it 's not the same paper you usually write on , but it 's a type of paper . 
  cotton paper . 
  contrast to australian polymer banknotes , which really are n't paper ( and are much higher quality and harder to damage ) . 
  actually , assuming perfectly flat ground , this is n't * quite * true . 
  granted , the difference will be very small , but it 's not zero . 
  this is due to the surface of the earth being curved , meaning the bullet slightly `` orbits '' the earth , resulting in it landing a small amount later . 
  yeah , you 're misunderstanding me . 
  / s technically means `` sarcasm '' , although it was n't really appropriate here . 
  i was using it to denote a joke . 
  yeah , at a rate proportional to your mass ( or its mass ) divided by the square of the distance between you . 
  square of distances = the acceleration decrease exponentially . 
  and the constant of proportionality is of the order of 10 ^ -11 , so tiny . 
  the acceleration between me and a person standing 1 metre from me is 4e-9 ms ^ -1 , or 4 nanometres per second . 
  negligible . 
  this is true , but also assumes that the government has reduced spending during the economic boom , which is what they should be doing , but often are n't . 
  sorry , i wrote ms ^ 1 , but it spills have been -2 . 
  i used 60kg since that 's what i weigh . 
  i also used the exact same method , except without explicitly stating that it comes from f = gmm/r ^ 2 , and then f = ma . 
  i just combined the two into one at the start , and wrote my units wing at the end . 
  sorry , i wrote ms ^ 1 , but it should have been -2 . 
  i used 60kg since that 's what i weigh . 
  i also used the exact same method , except without explicitly stating that it comes from f = gmm/r ^ 2 , and then f = ma . 
  i just combined the two into one at the start , and wrote my units wing at the end . 
  sorry , i wrote ms ^ 1 , but it should have been -2 . 
  i used 60kg since that 's what i weigh . 
  i also used the exact same method , except without explicitly stating that it comes from f = gmm/r ^ 2 , and then f = ma . 
  i just combined the two into one at the start , and wrote my units wing at the end . 
  easy . 
  clap on 1 , 4 , and 6 . 
  actually no . 
  normal homeopathic remedies contain far less than one molecule of whatever they 're supposed to contain in a volume of water much large than all the oceans on earth . 
  actually no . 
  normal homeopathic remedies contain far less than one molecule of whatever they 're supposed to contain in a volume of water much large than all the oceans on earth . 
  actually no . 
  normal homeopathic `` remedies '' contain far less than one molecule of whatever they 're supposed to contain in a volume of water much large than all the oceans on earth . 
  this silence between movements is a relatively new phenomenon . 
  go back to the time of beethoven or mozart , or even a fair bit more recently , and clapping between movements would be commonplace . 
  i agree with the other commentor : this elitist attitude around classical music , part of which is the strict `` no clapping between movements '' ( but also includes things like dress codes ) , i 'd what is turning people away from classical music , and that 's a serious problem . 
  i also would prefer to be skeptical about whether or not this recording is actually einstein . 
  however , i can confirm that he was at the very least an accomplished performer . 
  interesting that his tastes were more for the highly ordered music of the classical and baroque eras . 
  possibly related to his supposed asperger 's syndrome ? 
  i absolutely love my area . 
  a week ago , my uni ( over 30 portals ) was 100 % green , including a huge number of perfect 8s . 
  this morning , there were only 3 green portals on campus . 
  as of now , the campus is 50-50 . 
  and that 's without even going into the city itself , which is constantly in flux . 
  i always assumed the only reason locals are killed less is because they know to be cautious . 
  this study seems to imply that the bears actually target foreigners more . 
  not exactly noshit material , to me . 
  in all seriousness , i wish , * just once * they 'd do maintenance at a time that is inconvenient for americans . 
  ( p.s. , what east coast do you live on , it 's only 6:20 as i write this , one hour after your post and an hour after the op . 
  i thought that abomination that is daylight saving was over for you weirdos down south ... ), 
  good , fuck reddit . 
  good fuck , reddit . 
  good , fuck , reddit . 
  which is it ? 
  regarding ( 1 ) , i 'm also skeptical about whether asd people would prefer highly ordered music -- i merely mentioned it as an interesting coincidence -- but i would maintain that , in general , classical and baroque era ( especially classical ) music were more highly ordered than that more recent music . 
  that said , what i said about it being ordered was n't really my own point , but one taken from the paper . 
  regarding ( 2 ) , that 's a matter that is [ frequently debated ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical_figures_sometimes_considered_autistic#albert_einstein ) , that 's why i said `` supposed '' . 
  so reddit waits until half the world has already left april fools ' day before it puts there 's into action ? 
  nice job ... 
  it took me way longer than i 'd like to admit to realise why you turned the tags green . 
  and then once i realised it , i decided to do it myself , too . 
  i do n't know how you can do this survey without asking the surveyee 's location . 
  google wallet still is n't available outside of the us , despite many other countries being incredibly well set up for nfc payments already . 
  ( not that i 'm bitter . ), 
  how does one tell which team they 're on ? 
  yeah !, 
  everyone knows there 's no such thing as a nice periwinkle !, 
  i ca n't be the only one finding that all this stuff only loads occasionally , can i ? 
  like when i loaded this page , it 's not showing up ... 
  uhh ... do n't you guys have any free-to-air television ? 
  they have it so you do n't need an adaptor ? 
  it makes it a hell of a lot more convenient . 
  and they 've already got two thunderbolt ports on the mbpw/r , which is more than the rest of their laptops have . 
  it used to be terrible , and a lot of people refuse to accept that they 've vastly improved since those days . 
  they even * admit * how bad they used to be . 
  also , whatever you do , do not use avast . 
  its interface is absolutely horrible , and its incredibly invasive . 
  if you want free , go with microsoft security essentials . 
  no , avast is not better . 
  its interface is terrible and it can be incredibly invasive and annoying . 
  mse is an absolute godsend . 
  +1 for the mse plug . 
  avast is an awful program , annoying interface , incredibly invasive . 
  mse is super clean , easy to use , and never gets in your face . 
  but i disagree about norton being so awful . 
  it used to be , but they 've really cleaned up their act recently . 
  still not worth the price when mse both free and even less annoying . 
  i ca n't speak to drums specifically , but it should apply for all instruments that use wooden parts . 
  the different types of wood have different impacts on the timbre ( or `` tone colour '' ) of sound that comes from the instruments . 
  it 's difficult to explain without going into detail about overtones and partials and stuff , but at a fundamental level , a piano playing middle c sounds different to a guitar , which is different to a flute , all playing middle c . this is because they have different overtones . 
  changing the wood used in an instrument can slightly alter the overtones as well : not as much as a completely different instrument , but enough that one can sound nicer than another depending on the situation . 
   does n't know a flam from a floor tom, 
  i 'm not a drummer , but just a person with an interest in learning about different instruments ' abilities etc. , and i do n't even understand how you could make that mistake . 
  that is , unless you were completely non-musical , in which case what the fuck would you be doing in a music store looking at instruments by yourself . 
  i 'm confused .
