  is n't that limiting their rights ? 
  but i do n't accept that premise . 
  i do believe that people have the right to access to some basic necessities to help them live their life without fear that some sudden unexpected tragedy ( whether it be losing their job or losing a loved one , or simply falling ill ) will leave them unable to support themselves . 
  the person purifying the water absolutely deserves to get paid . 
  that 's why we have taxes . 
  those able to pay taxes , and it is from that base that the government spends money on the necessities to keeping a civilised society . 
  you can see in my other comment that i 'm as anti-libertarian as they come , but i just want to point out that your statement, 
   in terms of freedom america is well ahead of developed countries in europe, 
  is actually [ not entirely true ] ( http://www.heritage.org/index/ ) . 
  in terms of economic freedoms ( which is what i personally have a disagreement with libertarians about -- i 'm all in favour of social freedoms ) the us is actually pretty poorly ranked compared to australia , switzerland , new zealand , and canada . 
  i guess it 's still ahead of most developed western nations , including the uk , france , germany , and most of scandinavia . 
  why do i presume that ? 
  because that 's exactly what i see . 
  countries with less governmental support most definitely do not have proportionally larger support coming from people donating to charity . 
  this is one of the things i see libertarians and ancaps bring up all the time , and yet they always try to brush off the simple fact that the claim they make has absolutely no evidence behind it . 
   what if i want more money to purify water then the government is willing to pay me ? 
  what happens then ? 
  the government ca n't just force you to make water . 
  if you want to charge more , then charge more . 
  but the government is a huge entity with enormous buying power . 
  if you try to rip them off it is n't hard for them to go elsewhere . 
   also keep in mind there are plenty of individuals willing to pay my price . 
  fine . 
  if you only want to cater to those individuals , then so be it . 
  i 'm not totally against the idea of the free market , and it 's interactions like the above one that demonstrate that market forces certainly do have an important role to play . 
  it 's just that a totally unregulated market is not a good thing . 
  i have n't listened to the episode yet , i just want to know why my podcatcher is telling me [ it came out tomorrow ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j5rgk6g.png ) . 
  there was no need to strike out moron . 
  hundreds of millions of dong . 
  i do n't understand what 's wrong just asking for their nationality , if that 's what you want to know . 
  asking `` where are your parents from '' can be misleading . 
  if someone 's parents were born overseas , but they immigrated to somewhere else -- for example america -- then the person you 're asking might have an american citizenship , even though their parents might be from somewhere else . 
  i think part of your problem here might be that you do n't really know what it is you want to know . 
  what exact piece of information would you like to know about a person that you do n't know how to ask for ? 
  actually the reason the original one was scrapped was because they realised it sucked . 
  well you 'll be pleased to know , then , that the economic freedom index is based on a number of different aspects , all of which you can see and compare individually , if you do n't like the overall ranking . 
   before government we had no roads , no doctors , no schools , no transportation ? 
  we certainly did n't have public healthcare or public schools the way most developed countries have today . 
   what if everyone charges what i charge or more ? 
  then there are only two real reasons that would happen . 
  one is collusion , which is illegal and should result in heavy fines for all involved , and the other is that that is simply the fair price for it , in which case that 's what should be paid . 
   i 'm not attempting to sway you to think that the free market is the better alternative . 
  i am trying to illustrate that what you are essentially proposing is tantamount to slavery . 
  you say that as though that 's supposed to be better . 
  all i read there is `` i 'm not trying to convince you of some small , reasonable idea , i 'm trying to convince you that it 's literally slavery '' . 
  dude , grow a fucking brain . 
  it is ** not ** even * similar * to slavery . 
  sorry that it does n't conform to your warped political view , but it simply is n't , and claims like that are why no significant number of people will ever take libertarianism -- or even worse , anarcho capitalism -- seriously . 
   you 're dead wrong, 
  no he 's not . 
  he 's complaining about exactly what you said they do with it , and saying how it * should * be . 
  that 's not wrong or right , it 's just an opinion . 
  wait really ? 
  is that a canada-wide thing , or is it one particular province ? 
  i had always assumed the drinking age in canada would be 18 , like most of the rest of the world . 
  yeah , it 's been her club since the start of the season . 
  she took it over when oliver went back to the island between the seasons . 
  it 's actually worse in the show because [ got spoiler ] ( / s `` robb 's wife is a much larger character . 
  she 's present at the rw and she 's pregnant . '' ) . 
  everything else is pretty much the same . 
  in all seriousness , the reason we shake with our right hand is because one ca n't draw a sword ( which would normally be done with the right hand ) while they 're shaking someone 's hand -- unless they happen to be left handed . 
  which means left handers have quite a distinct advantage . 
  your point ? 
  very interesting video , but completely unrelated to handshakes . 
  when you are shaking hands , the hand involved ca n't be used to draw a sword at all , regardless of whether it 's on the left or right side of the body . 
  edit : also , since , for better or worse , itunes is by far the biggest source of podcasts , [ here 's the itunes page for the podcast ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/hello-internet/id811377230?mt=2 ) . 
  but if it 's not their dominant hand , they 're not going to be very effective in using it . 
  besides , it 's more a show of goodwill than a practical measure , anyway , i 'm pretty sure . 
  that sentence did n't make sense . 
  i 'm going to guess that you meant that the sword thing is not the reason people shake with their right hand . 
  that may or may not be true . 
  i 've seen many claims that it is , although none of them have been especially reliable . 
  more importantly , though , i 've never seen any other hypotheses , and i 've never seen any strong evidence * against * this one . 
  but your reasoning is completely irrelevant . 
  how many people used swords does n't really matter . 
  it works equally well with daggers and knives , or even just rocks . 
  plus , social conventions often originate in higher classes ( ones that would be more likely to have swords ) and work their way down over time , perhaps losing the reason behind them . 
  yeah , i can see what you 're saying . 
  i 've actually done a fair bit of fencing , though , and honestly it 's generally not worth the time to train your other hand . 
  being somewhat ambidextrous , i was certainly able to use my right hand much better than the other people i trained with could use their left hand , but the difference between my left and right hands is significant enough that no matter how much training i did , i 'd never be good enough to put up a serious fight with my right hand . 
  it might be a lot easier with a short/long-sword type weapon , rather than a typical fencing sword , but in those cases you 'd probably have a shield anyway to protect yourself with . 
  haha i can actually * only * bat right-handed in cricket and baseball . 
  i 'd probably be * okay * in baseball left-handed , but i could n't even figure out how to hold the bat in cricket . 
  if you 're interested in considering how to improve future tes games , [ this guy has a really good video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zuynhkal1i ) where he goes into great detail about what was good and bad about the last three tes games , and what pieces could be taken to make the next game in the single-player series the best it can possibly be . 
  skyrim would 've worked just fine without fast travel . 
  it 's the quest markers that are a necessity for how the game was designed . 
  the fast travel system made this feature virtually useless , but the game actually had a built-in travel system where you pay a little gold to travel in carts between major holds . 
  i tend to just throw a become ethereal and jump off . 
  that page is terribly designed . 
  they put all the real information below the fold , below social media buttons which made me think that what i was seeing was the entire article . 
  nearly just exited the page without reading it all because i did n't know it was there . 
  nowhere in his comment did he imply * ownership * . 
  the use of `` their '' in this context simply means aboriginal people from australia . 
  with a capital a it specifically means the australian aboriginal peoples . 
  however , the word aboriginal itself just means , more or less , `` indigenous people '' . 
  since the above comment was talking in a more general sense , the usage was correct . 
  your first sentence did a great job of clarifying it for me . 
  their , belonging not to australians , but to austral * ia * . 
  not in a literal sense , but a metaphorical one , australian aboriginals belong to australia . 
  it 's in the name .
