  that 's my take , anyway . 
  then why is there a separate option for america ? 
  american caucasians should surely also identify with somewhere in europe . 
  i thought about that myself , but then realised it does n't quite hold up . 
  i 've never accepted that `` technically you are '' bullshit . 
  you 're catholic if you believe in christ and accept the beliefs of the catholic church . 
  just because you 've been baptised does not mean you `` technically '' are catholic . 
  when you say ex-husband and ex-mother-in-law , is that saying they were ex at the time , or are only ex now ? 
  eh , stuff them . 
  i 'm not a catholic and i do n't care what they say about it . 
  ah ok , thanks . 
  no man can kill me . 
  slightly off topic , but considering rowling based her spells on latin words , which is where those muscles get their name , it 's not so much of a coincidence that you think they sound like a harry potter spell . 
   that is spiderlin, 
  ftfy, 
  you sure you 're not canadian ? 
  what with the apologising and all . 
  really ? 
  i learnt it just from 30cm rulers . 
  one foot is almost exactly 30cm, 
  if you 're talking about the piano chords at the beginning , i agree completely . 
  absolutely beautiful in their simplicity . 
  by the way , do you have links to the other 6 parts ? 
  it does n't seem as easy to locate a good version as it normally is on youtube . 
  i 'm very sceptical of both of these . 
  have you got a source ? 
  not apart , or not a part ? 
  the two have opposite meanings . 
  i 'm a good long distance runner , but also a very good sprinter , so i 'd be safe for the first day . 
  after that , i 'm probably slightly above average at climbing trees , and pretty decent at hiding . 
  i 've done fencing , so given a good sabre or \u00e9p\u00e9e i could do some damage , and would n't be too bad with a more typical sword and shield, 
  other than that , i 've got no survival skills , i 'm not strong at all . 
  ca n't tie a knot , do n't know safe plants , ca n't hunt . 
  i 'd say out of 24 , i 'd probably make it to 10 or 11 , if we assume , say , 10 die at the cornucopia . 
  what about a barren desert ? 
  i do n't think any of the districts inhabit desert . 
  it could have a central oasis , but not wide enough to give strong swimmers an advantage . 
  there would be dangerous animals , sandstorms , and people would have to worry about water . 
  if they were smart , they could get it from cacti , but there would be only small mammals available for food . 
  oh yes , of course . 
  you 're right . 
  i agree with others , it 's good as it is . 
  it has a nice sense of balance about it . 
  if you really wan na move it to see what it would be like , though , this would be a cool test of that content aware move feature of ps cs6 . 
  haha , not only was the photo taken at the perfect time , but it was submitted to reddit at the perfect time !, 
  am i the only one getting an error where this wo n't show ? 
  i love that idea , but how would they get food or drinking water ? 
  it is if you only subscribe to the subreddits meant for ( funny ) pictures , like / r/funny , / r/pics , et cetera . 
  however , even then , reddit 's comments are still more intelligent than what you get on 9gag . 
  edit : i 'm talking only about the content , not the format of how things become front pages . 
  9gag uses a very different ( and much simpler ) method for that . 
  hahaha this is awesome !, 
  way better than [ microsoft 's attempt at music via twitter ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onvscu7d8ig ) . 
  this is like the perfect example of aleatoric music !, 
  merci !, 
  edit : after listening , i agree , you posted by far the best movement . 
  i had never heard of this composer until he was played late at night on a classical music radio station . 
  i absolutely love this concerto . 
  bizarre , but actually really cool !, 
  i do n't think i want to go on and look for a recording by the composer himself , though . 
  according to the comments his sense of rhythm is even more eclectic . 
  the thing is , food in most games was obtained by hunting or gathering edible plants . 
  in an under water city , unless scubas were available , along with airlocks , there could n't be any hunting or gathering . 
  they could scavenge canned food and the like , but that would probably not be as interesting as true hunting , imo . 
  i think what he meant was that when it comes down to the actual mechanism of the vote , the parties are not official entities , like they would be in a [ mixed-member proportional representation ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0i-sdosxu ) system . 
  note , i 'm just trying to interpret what he said . 
  i do n't know enough about the american system to be certain . 
  actually , a complete first-past-the-post is a guarantee of duopoly ^ * ( guarantee ^ is ^ said ^ with ^ a ^ touch ^ of ^ hyperbole ) * . 
  in the long run , people who support the smallest parties will have to vote for another party which supports their beliefs most closely , until gradually it will tend towards two parties . 
  also missed out some punctuation . 
  it honestly made it take about twice as long to read as it would if it had said :, 
   there are ways to mod it , i think . 
  now let me go find it on the interwebs . 
  wow , that 's brilliant . 
  so detailed . 
  what sort of activities will lurana be able to participate in once her education at the college is complete ? 
  i really wan na hear an update to this in a few weeks ( or months ) !, 
  out of 306 seats in the house , 40 are held by parties other than the two largest . 
  that in itself is only 13 % . 
  i do n't know enough about the system , but i would guess that the new democratic party and liberal party of canada work as a coalition , similar to the liberal and national parties in australia . 
  that would take it down to only 5 parties holding seats , less than 2 % . 
  as i said , saying that it creates an absolute duopoly is hyperbolous , as in real life the theory never works as it should : people 's emotions and reactions are not necessarily what should ideally happen . 
  tip , if you dropped them and they appeared as one , you can carry them yourself . 
  hold e ( or whatever button it is on the consol ) until you start moving the item , and then travel like this . 
  i found you have to put it back into your inventory every few hundred metres , to stop it randomly disappearing , but this made a very effective way of carrying heavy items over long distances . 
  hahaha , i was hoping no one would pick up on that !, 
  ah yes , i rather like that idea . 
  the mage could be after all the powerful items : the masks , daedric artifacts , etc. 
  very cool !, 
  when i had guards chasing after me in markarth ( i did n't know why they were ) , i just killed them all . 
  i think that reset the bounty , but i 'm not certain . 
  i do n't think i went back to markarth until i traded it in the main questline , so that could be what did it . 
  without going back to re-listen to it , i think i know what you mean , and i was amazed by that bit !, 
  mozart , haydn , and half of beethoven . 
  but yeah , that 's exactly the impression i get . 
  we very rarely hear classical era music that 's not from one of the biggest most popular composers from that time . 
  hahaha no worries bro , i know that feel . 
  dunno if it 's your phone too , but the assassin is khajiit , not khahiit . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  or when you play jazz .
