  not an alt or a troll , let alone * both * of those . 
  has alex 's nut allergy been brought up before ? 
  if not , has she been seen eating a product that would likely contain nuts before ? 
  outside of the ainulindal\u00eb , i do n't recall any time in tolkien 's work where the power of song has such a definitive , powerful , and tangible effect as the magic bards do in d&d . though i 'm by no means an expert on tolkien 's lore , so i 'd be glad to be shown that i 'm wrong . 
  if you 're just discovering , / r/dndgreentext for the first time , start out by taking a look at [ their hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) . 
  it contains some of the best stories that have ever been shared there . 
  if that 's the case , why do they use charisma rather than intelligence , and what do musical instruments have to do with it ? 
  does / r/autlaw exist ? 
  the answer is yes , you can . 
  whether it 's legal or not , i dunno , but i can say that physically , having or not having a c-class license does n't stop you . 
  yeah i was really hoping she 'd play the first movement of moonlight once it became clear she was gon na just keep playing * something * while waiting for a new instrument . 
  one thing i really wish i could do with my digital piano is adjust the amount of sustain . 
  it seems like it would be such a simple thing to add in , but i have n't been able to find the control for it , if one exists . 
  dice can be used for both plural and singular ( though in roleplaying communities , using it for singular is generally frowned upon more than it is in the wider english-speaking world ) . 
  `` die '' , however , is ** only ** singular , and using it as plural is plain wrong . 
  / r/dndgreentext does n't make a lot of sense without its css . 
  huh ? 
  [ no you 're not . 
  edit : just checked your profile . 
  you 're the mod of / r/finalemusic , which has exactly 0 content about score writing . 
  instead it 's all just spam links to illegal downloads of unrelated content ... 
  to make paragraphs display correctly on reddit , you need to put a blank line in between each paragraph . 
  otherwise it 'll display as a single large block of text . 
  yeah i 've been confused as well . 
  it was no surprise when they skipped boxing day , but this week 's monday was nothing special , so i was surprised to see no new release . 
  looks great now . 
  it 's a difference in degree , for sure ( and a * massive * one , at that ) , but i 'm not so sure it 's a difference in * kind * . 
  it took me way too long to realise you did n't mean that beethoven had written 5 concertos for left hand ... 
  / u/chifii is a homebrewer himself , so i think it 's a safe bet that he 's talking about dandwiki specifically . 
  if i 'm parsing the above comment correctly , they only got a cease and desist on the sunnybank monopoly game that they were apparently making . 
  not the rest of the page . 
  `` still '' ? 
  i 've never heard of it before . 
  wtf is it ? 
  edit : never mind . 
  it was explained below . 
  still do n't understand * why * the fuck it 's a thing . 
  maybe i 'm just getting old . 
  is 22 old enough to be `` getting old '' ? 
  / r/nottheonion is for links that * do n't * come from a satire website . 
  betoota may not be `` the onion '' , but it 's the same type of site as them . 
  oh good , because i have heard of none of those . 
  on either mac or linux , you can easily edit your hosts file by going to a terminal and typing ` sudo nano / etc/hosts ` . 
  ( or replace nano with your preferred text editor . 
  i happen to prefer vim , but it can be a little trickier to use if you do n't learn how it works . ), 
  it 's harder on windows , since you have to go in and give it write permissions , then open it in your editor , then change it , and then change it back to write only . 
  until allo has a web interface and have it tied to your gmail address rather than a phone number , nothing else they do is going to make any difference . 
  a phone number -- based chat application is just useless . 
  it 's tempting . 
  i need some flavour to go along with this . 
  and a physical description . 
  point 2 is definitely correct . 
  the way the composer here wrote it is technically fine , but stylistically wrong . 
  it 's similar to ( but no where near as bad as ) writing a piece in 6/8 but with emphasis on every second quaver . 
  it should just be 3/4 . 
  that does n't seem like a false friend at all . 
  c will do the same thing as perl , if you pass the strings through ` atoi ` . 
  it parses the string up until it meets the first non-numeric character . 
  point is , the rules by which it 's casting from string to int are the same . 
  it 's called progressive taxation , and it 's literally * exactly * what taxes should be . 
  that would be an awesome feature to have . 
  really , every app that has search should feature a way to do a regex search . 
  where does the ice cream fit in to that ? 
  yeah unfortunately firefox does n't support some of the functionality homebrewery uses for its syntax . 
  so , no , then ? 
  ok maybe not * every * application needs it , but for something relatively small scale like the history of a normal chat application , or the current page of a web browser ( which is one application i am continually frustrated by the lack of regex in ) , it should definitely be feasible . 
  normal , user facing applications generally do n't have enormous data sets . 
  consumption taxes are regressive . 
  they disproportionately affect the poorest in society , which completely defeats the purpose of taxation . 
  smart economic management involves high taxes and low government spending during times of economic growth , and the reverse during downturns . 
  the former builds wealth , which can be spent during the latter , as stimulus . 
   python wo n't even allow, 
   int ( ' 1234abcd ' ), 
    valueerror : invalid literal for int ( ) with base 10 : ' 1234abcd ', 
   to me , that is a shit ton more consistent than perl changing my types all willy-nilly . 
  that is exactly the point i 've been making this whole time ... perl and c have the same ridiculous rule that you 're allowed letters at the end of your number . 
  python does not . 
  or you can do it without leaving the terminal just by going ` ls - a ` . 
  this is true of most satire online , in my experience . 
  though personally , i thought the article in this case was great . 
  you should submit this to / r/unearthedarcana . 
  they 'd love this type of thing . 
  oh awesome !, 
  i really hope they 're continuing the same story . 
  i loved the direction they were headed in and really want to see where it leads . 
  i do n't even really understand the question . 
  are you asking what if the was a batman show , rather than a young bruce + gordon show ? 
  or are you asking what if someone other than bruce was batman , and he was around at the time bruce 's parents were murdered ? 
  or something else entirely ? 
   eventually i said , `` fine , let 's take it to the telecommunications industry ombudsman '' . 
  an hour later i get a phone call , they 're offering me the full month as a refund . 
  you really should 've gone to the tio and * then * told them you had , rather 5hab using it as a threat that does n't get followed up on if they deliver . 
  for the exact reasons you state in your post . 
  they wanted to get away with less , and if you had been less persistent about it they would have . 
  taking it to the tio means they immediately pay a fee , even if the ombudsman rules in their favour . 
  by doing that , you might disincentivise them from pushing too far on the next customer . 
   exactly this !!, 
  if someone on centrelink make a `` mistake '' they get charged with fraud . 
  have you been following the news recently ? 
  i 'll bet any amount no one at centrelink gets charged with anything,
