  considering the first film wo n't come out until 2016 , they could have waited a week or two without any problem , but they ended up announcing it within a day or two of the flash 's episode 2 ratings coming out , completely stealing its thunder . 
  * that 's * what was shitty about it . 
  sure that 's not just the shitty australian beer you 've got engraved ? 
  would it also be correct to say that my cousin 's children are my cousins once removed ? 
  can someone explain why he 's a third cousin ? 
  i would have thought he 'd he a second cousin . 
  1/512 is abe 's parent , so their children would be 0th cousins ( siblings ) , 1/256 's children would be first cousins , and then 1/128 ( the common ancestor ) 's children would be second cousins . 
  where did i go wrong in that ? 
  surely they 're my first cousins , once removed no ? 
  and their children would be first cousins twice removed . 
  i do n't think he 's a third cousin , at least if the chart someone posted above is correct . 
  the common ancestor there is abe 's great grandparent . 
  if it were his parent they 'd be great , great ... nephew/uncles ( i.e. 
  0th cousins ) , if it were his grandparent they 'd be 1st cousins . 
  going back one more generation makes them second cousins . 
  so either the common ancestor is actually abe 's great great grandparent , or they 're second cousins . 
  [ this should help ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/85/canon_law_relationship_chart.svg/800px-canon_law_relationship_chart.svg.png ) . 
  that only works if we 're talking about first/second cousins 0 times removed . 
  in the case i described , you first have to traverse back up the tree until it 's 0 times removed ( i.e. , go up from my cousin 's kid to my cousin ) and then you can use the method you described . 
  i 'd be willing to pass you 5 degrees , but 25 ? 
  it 's be way too cold then ... 
  not really false friends there , are they ? 
  they have more or less the same meaning . 
  seems more like [ false cognates ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_cognate ) . 
  the same meaning and form , but with completely different etymologies . 
  my c programming course gave us a vimrc file that included the following lines :, 
  set softtabstop = 4, 
  do n't ask me why , but that 's how we had to do it . 
  indentations had to be 4 spaces , and tabs had to be 8 . 
   what the [ potato ] is wrong with me, 
  well you 're not very funny , for one thing . 
   i think fans have become too obsessed with shoving things into their aholes, 
  i 'm a little confused . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  oh thanks for sharing this . 
  for anyone quickly browsing , this is the same story as / u/tristantheviking posted , but with less jpeg artifacting . 
  and holy shit that is such a brilliant story it 's just unbelievable . 
  i really wish it had gone into more detail of the character 's story arc . 
  korea has the exact same issues with japan that china does , china is n't alone . 
  but anyway , china also has a population that 's significantly more than the rest of east asia combined ( going by [ this page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_asian_countries_by_population ) , adding the countries in the top 32 of all asia that are also east asian , i get about 0.87 million , compared to china 's 1.36 million ) , so anything that applies in china is pretty significant on its own . 
  do they import japanese goods ? 
  of course they do , japan makes so much stuff it 'd be hard not to . 
  but in many situations , they 'll prefer non-japanese products over japanese , particularly if a local equivalent is available . 
  i do n't remember seeing very much japanese tv or hearing much of their music , when i lived there from 2004 -- 2007 . 
  probably worth noting that [ until 2004 , there were significant restrictions on what japanese media was even * allowed * to be shown in korea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_of_japanese_media_in_south_korea ) , and even today there are still some very notable restrictions . 
  nearly the entire * world * \\* helped sk during the korean war . 
  it 's the only time in history that the united nations actually got directly involved in a war -- thanks to the soviet union boycotting the un at the sc meeting that voted to support them . 
  \\* a bit of an exaggeration , but there were a * very * significant number of countries supporting sk in some form during the korean war . 
  i dunno , it seems to me that the opposite is true . 
  [ russia and nk only have a border because of a russian panhandle ] ( http://imgur.com/gpd5kpw ) . 
  exactly . 
  the un forces had them almost back to the chinese border before chinese and russian forces joined in to help them , out of fear that the un would push further into china ( something that , iirc , they actually * were * considering -- so the fears were not completely unfounded ) . 
  the comparison / u/sossat made was merely about how it was treated by the media , not what the actual event was . 
  but anyway , if we 're gon na judge the actual statements politicians made and how the went back on them , gillard had always promised an ets with a fixed price period . 
  gillard promised no carbon tax , and she never delivered a carbon tax . 
  the liberals and the murdoch press lied about what the policy actually was in order to turn the public against the labor party . 
  and labor made almost no effort to correct them until it was too late . 
  and there was no carbon tax . 
  there was an emissions trading scheme with a fixed price period at introduction -- the exact method recommended by most economists for combatting climate change . 
  the fixed price period allows for polluters to adjust to the change , before the cap and trade scheme allows for the market to force companies to reduce the emissions . 
  serious question , what is the genetic relationship between a child born by a mother and her son ( or a father and his daughter ) and each of their parents ? 
  anything that leaves me at below 20 during the day , especially in summer , is too cold . 
  heck , i 'd be happy if it never went below 10 overnight even in winter . 
  only criticism i have is that it looks more like eleak than bleak . 
  the l looks like a capital , and the b does n't really look at all like a b. 
  but by god if that is n't some really fancy ink , and if the other letters do n't look bloody amazing . 
  i would say that killing off a significant character * definitely * counts . 
  my only gripe is that there has n't been anything significant * since * . 
  episode one was incredible , and left me expecting this season to continue the constant ramp up that the previous seasons had begun . 
  but since then ... pretty much nothing . 
  i also binged s01 , but i did n't binge s02 , and this season still feels slower to me than that . 
  the worst is when you catch up and there 's like a month until the next season starts . 
  not so long that it feels like a normal season hiatus , but long enough that it 's painful . 
  yeah i really think the character arc of going from grim and dark like batman to the much lighter green arrow from the comics or young justice . 
  it makes for great television . 
  much better than if he had started out like the less serious version , or if he just stayed really dark . 
  not * too * odd if they were just in central city . 
  they did originate there , after all , as a result of the particle accelerator etc. 
  but to think everyone would just stay there all the time is a * little * bit of a stretch . 
  yeah i 'm not talking about what the tube actually is , but how it 's modelled as a basic pipe in terms of physics . 
  seems like if you wanted to move , you probably would n't go to the only other city with a hero defending it . 
  probably worth noting that in non-american english , any metre to do with the distance is spelt metre , while things involved in measurement are spelt meter . 
  so you have a centimetre on your ruler , and a speedometer on your car . 
  if we 're talking etymology , this is important , since i suspect that the american spelling is only the way it is because of an arbitrary change for so-called consistency , the same way color lost its u. 
  anyone who makes any judgement on the greens based on this policy , and yet does n't levy the same criticism at labor and the lnp ( which is a very common thing to do ) is really not actually interested in providing constructive criticism , and is just looking for excuses to dismiss the greens . 
  yes , their staunch anti nuclear policy is bizarre and very much out of line with their general progressive stance . 
  but neither of the other major parties are any different , so it 's not an issue that should sway anyone regarding their voting order of the three major parties . 
  i 'm just wondering , are you guys expats ? 
  a few if the things you mentioned in there and in comments seem to point to that . 
  but anyway , you sound like an awesome parent . 
  i just want to really comment on the piano thing . 
  as a kid who grew up being forced to learn piano , and later clarinet , i 'm so glad that my parents did that . 
  it 's such a great skill to have , and it 's opened up my world so much . 
  really glad to hear your kid has taken to it so well . 
  oh right . 
  when you said you were english i thought you meant an english person from england . 
  yeah , as much as i enjoy leo 's style of titling -- based on a random cool phrase that makes little sense out of context , but immediately gets attention -- i 'm glad that this show 's titles are a little more useful . 
  i was actually on a flight listening to this . 
  and that flight was thai airways heading towards bangkok . 
  wtf .
