  it 's unfortunately similar to the actual trait `` superior darkvision '' possessed by the drow , but it 's actually the text that 's included in all ( or at least many ) races with darkvision . 
  hey , sorry , but i 've removed this . 
  comics do n't really belong in here , and would be more appropriate on / r/dnd . 
  just remember , if you 're writing prose like this , you absolutely * do not * need to format it using greentext . 
  you can just write it out as normal text . 
  it would probably look nicer if you did . 
  haha it 's no big problem . 
  just a minor thing that might have made things look better . 
  same goes with this one . 
  it 'd probably look nicer if it was n't greentext . 
  it 's not , strictly speaking , dndgreentext-appropriate content . 
  but because you 're the first one to do it , and it 's christmas , i 'll let it go , this time . 
   i think the non-tieflings are a bit overtuned , though . 
  getting free spells is a good racial trait , so i 'd probably remove untrue from the feyborn and either near omniscience or psychic resistance from the elderborn, 
  the feyborn currently only score about a 5.5 on the [ homebrew race guide ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1viqlsen67mmd2lo_oj-h5yx0fccsfi97kfaqx7v1dmw/pub ) . 
  acceptable , but near the bottom-to-middle of the acceptable range . 
  i definitely would n't remove anything from them , but i 'd be hesitant to add anything more , either . 
  the elderborn is pretty damn strong , at probably 6.5 , maybe even 7 , depending on how you score near omniscience . 
  that * is * quite powerful and could probably do with some toning down . 
  the feyborn currently only score about a 5.5 on the [ homebrew race guide ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1viqlsen67mmd2lo_oj-h5yx0fccsfi97kfaqx7v1dmw/pub ) . 
  acceptable , but near the bottom-to-middle of the acceptable range . 
  i definitely would n't remove anything from them , but i 'd be hesitant to add anything more , either . 
  the fiend is about 6.0 , since it swaps out a skill proficiency for a damage resistance ( and it 's fire to boot -- probably the most useful damage resistance outside of the three weapon damage types ) . 
  the elderborn is pretty damn strong , at probably 6.5 , maybe even 7 , depending on how you score near omniscience . 
  that is a * very * powerful feature , nearly on par with a level 2 class feature . 
  i might suggest finding a way to tone down near omniscience so it 's not quite as strong . 
  maybe make it only for ability checks ? 
  fey ancestry is worth +0.5 according to the guide , and damage resistances are worth +1 . 
  but of course , that 's not perfect . 
  some damage resistances are worth far more than others . 
  piercing , bludgeoning , and slashing are far more frequently used than any particular magical damage type , and among the magic ones , fire is used so much more frequently than anything else . 
  psychic is one of the rarest damage types , so you can probably think of that as being 0.5 . 
  month long blood ritual ? 
  i 'm not familiar with anything about that . 
  the core rules in 4e and 5e ( the only editions , as far as i 'm aware , where tieflings are a core playable race ) were vague about the specifics , just that there was some sort of pact or `` infernal heritage '' . 
  hell , even the book referenced as the quote for the tieflings in 5e , * brimstone angels * , which talks quite a bit about the nature of tieflings and their origins ( the titular character being one of the very * first * tieflings , and the main protagonist being descended from that character -- incidentally , great book , absolutely worth the read if you 're a fan of tieflings ) does n't get any more specific than that . 
  and i think that 's an intentional decision on the part of wizards . 
  leaving it vague means people can imagine it happening however they want to , and can write things in however they want in their games . 
  you do n't get to have an opinion on this . 
  you can have the opinion that it 's not a good game . 
  i would disagree with you and might even call you a twit just like the other guy ( not for having the opinion -- i fully respect your right to * have * that opinion -- but for feeling the need to shout it everywhere ) , but you can have that opinion if you want . 
  but it 's an elder scrolls game and it always will be . 
  that 's a matter of fact , not opinion . 
  i actually do n't think he is just playing a character , but it 's nice to just pretend he is so that i can read his articles anyway . 
  he has so much fantastic advice in them its hard * not * to read them . 
  ( though personally i did n't care for the advice in this particular article . ), 
  but as much as his advice can be fantastic , i 've seen him be straight up abusive to his fans in comments and on twitter , and frankly some of his choices for rules at his own home games are just obnoxious . 
   jumping in at 11th level will be totally confusing and not at all conducive to the transition . 
  if they were level 11 in 4e , they should really transition by jumping in at level 7 or 8 . 
  the official transition advice is that level in 5e = 2/3 level in 4e , and it makes sense conceptually , with the maximum levels being 20 and 30 for 5e and 4e , respectively . 
  but i still agree with everything else you said , especially that , for first timers to the edition , starting at level 1 is a * much * better idea . 
   if you were playing pathfinder or 3.5 it 's a lot easier because it has much more in common with previous editions than 4e . 
  this is actually only true with the most shallow of looks at 5e . 
  yes , it has a lot in common with 3 . x superficially , and in a few places with its mechanics . 
  but there is * a lot * there under the hood that 's come forward from 4e . 
  just to name a couple that come to mind , the non-mechanical approach to alignment , the streamlined skill system , and the approach to resting and healing . 
  otherwise , you 're absolutely right . 
  starting from the beginning is * always * a good idea with people that have n't played the edition before . 
   the system does n't have different point values for different spells given by racial traits , when wotc believes that such a thing matters . 
  that is * very * much untrue . 
  the dmg advises that changing spell lists around for classes , or swapping out racial spells for others of an equal level , should not affect balance . 
  look at their thought process on the aasimar , or the variant tieflings that they 've built , for an example of this . 
  in the general sense , you 're right . 
  it 's only a rule of thumb and should only ever be used as such . 
  certain features go well together , and some almost detract from each other . 
  i gave an example elsewhere in this thread regarding damage resistance -- there 's no way fire and psychic are worth the same amount . 
  but to do a rough analysis of a class mechanically , in general , the guide is a * very * well made one . 
  it needs to be used as a single tool in your arsenal , and not as a be-all end-all , but it * is * a good tool . 
  in particular , in this case , i see nothing that especially marks the feyborn as overpowered . 
  in fact , it feels like it 's hit a perfect sweet spot . 
  but most importantly , when calling something `` overpowered '' , like you claimed the feyborn is , you are making a definitive statement , and it needs to be evaluated on its merits . 
  the homebrew race guide makes a good starting point , and you can argue from there , pointing out exactly which areas it falls short in and why . 
  you ca n't just throw out a claim of `` overpoweredness '' without something to back it up . 
  that could be done by comparing it feature for feature with existing races , working out what is similar , worth more , or worth less than existing features . 
  but this becomes difficult after a certain point , and so converting everything to a common currency , even if its only a rough one , is useful . 
  like i said , it 's superficially very similar . 
  the powers system is no longer there , but its philosophy still is , with cantrips and scaling attacks ( multi-attack , better rages , more sneak dice , etc. ), 
  that allow everyone 's most basic turn to remain useful through the whole game , and a variety of class abilities with short rest or long rest resets allowing for a more bursty type of action . 
  but more than that , it 's mainly about the philosophies of removing meaningless complications and keeping the game balanced across levels . 
  that 's largely to what i was referring when i said 5e had a lot under the hood from 4e . 
  speaking of redundancy ... 
  yes it does ( as you already know from the other comment ) , but you would have been safe even if you had listened to it , because they put a spoiler warning in the episode itself before they started spoiling anything . 
  i agree completely regarding the freight monster . 
  it was absolutely the low point of the film . 
  but here 's the thing , all the star wars films have their low points ( as does * every * film , pretty much ) , and many of them even feel fairly similar . 
  the low point of the phantom menace ( yes , even bad films have low * er * points ) was the core traversal , where they summoned bigger fish two or three times . 
  empire strikes back has that whole pointless diversion with the asteroids and the monster that somehow lives on one of them that they hide inside of ( but this is at least intercut with some awesome stuff with luke on dagobah , which makes up for it ) . 
  episode ii had ... well rather a lot , but probably the worst was the video gamey sequence in the factory/assembly line . 
  episode iii had the chase scene on that mining planet with obi-wan and grievous . 
  i ca n't remember anything in episode iv , and i have n't done my rewatch of episode vi yet to comment . 
  but the point is that these weird unnecessary diversions ( imo of the original hexalogy , by far the worst diversion is empire strikes back , which is odd since it 's otherwise probably the best episode ) are a very common and recurrent part of star wars . 
  yes !, 
  i am so glad to see someone else not just notice that , but explicitly point it out . 
  i was super excited at that moment because it was a brilliant nod to the idea that han might be force sensitive , without really going too far or turning him into a jedi-light . 
  i loved it . 
  williams was excellent as always , of course , and i absolutely loved the way he brought back leia 's theme , and leia and han 's theme , and of course the force theme . 
  the new themes for rey and kylo are nice too . 
  though i have to say , kylo 's theme is nowhere near as memorable or singable as vader 's was . 
  maybe it 'll grow on me . 
  one thing i did like a lot is its apparent ties to the music representing anakin 's fall , such as with anakin 's betrayal and anakin 's dark deeds on the episode 3 soundtrack album .
