  it 's proper science fiction : discussing the philosophical impacts of the technology in its universe . 
  i 'm speaking specifically about the next generation , which is by far my preferred series , but i believe it also applies somewhat to tos . 
  regarding the technology , you say sw far out powers st. star destroyers are armed with lasers . 
  in fact , lasers are the most common weapons in sw . 
  in the trek universe , lasers are an [ outdated technology ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4juxqe4p4g ) that poses absolutely no threat to even a basic shield . 
  at-ats make cool cinema , but they 're an awful design . 
  they would be incredibly unstable and would inevitably fall over incredibly easy . 
  at-sts would be even worse . 
  the jedi and sith are very powerful , but would be worthless if faced with an angry q. 
  regarding the depth of the universe , i think you vastly underestimate it , due to a lack of knowledge of it . 
  ignoring the `` expanded '' universes , star trek explores a lot more of its galaxy than star wars does , and there is some awesome political stuff , most notably among the vulcans . 
  trekkies also have a very large amount of fan fiction , similar to star wars . 
  i could n't say which is larger . 
  he did that so people using ctrl/command + f and searching for `` mirror '' would be able to find this . 
  i love this tool , but i really wish it could take ranges , kinda like how the ruler works in google maps . 
  it 's [ $ 100 ] ( http://www.visa.com.au/ap/au/cardholders/paywave/index.html#s=customer.home ) here in australia . 
  but same as us , you 're not liable . 
  if someone swipes it , just contact your bank and they will reimburse you . 
  at least , that 's assuming the contactless payment with visa paywave ( and mastercard paypass ) are what we 're talking about here . 
  edit : better link, 
  listening to it on the radio at the moment . 
  about a year ago , same radio station , i heard his 3rd concerto , and loved it , but never got around to listening to more of his music . 
  it 's a really lovely piece , in my opinion . 
  i submitted his 3rd concerto to this subreddit around a year ago , after hearing it on the radio . 
  now , i 'm listening to his 1st on the same radio station , and i ca n't believe i have n't listened to more of his stuff . 
  it 's absolutely amazing . 
  you can . 
  some subreddits disable it via their custom subreddit css , but you can turn off the style on each subreddit . 
  additionally , if you have [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) , you can click on the post and press z. 
  as for whether you * should * be able to downvote . 
  on some subreddits , it would create too much of an air of negativity . 
  for example , / r/composer is about getting constructive criticism on your musical compositions . 
  downvotes are n't constructive , and so should n't be there . 
  you can still upvote the best ones , but downvoting would just make the composer feel bad about him/herself , and potentially discourage them from composing in the future , or from sharing their compositions . 
  the same can be said here . 
  if people just downvote your opinion , that 's never going to change your view , only make them resent people who hold the opposite opinion , which is the exact opposite of what we want to do . 
  you can still always upvote the best stuff , but downvotes themselves are completely unconstructive , and in certain subreddits that can have big problems . 
  all brilliant points , and i think you may have ced my v. on mobile right now , but will make another reply with a delta later . 
  only thing i would like to clarify is the exploration of their respective galaxies . 
  i was referring to how much we actually see in the shows/movies . 
  in sw it 's a handful of planets . 
  st , on the other hand , merely by virtue of the number of episodes , we see a lot more than that . 
  edit : i 'll also just say , my comparison of their technologies was merely a response to op comparing them . 
  i do n't see it as important in deciding which show is more interesting . 
  i also stand by what i said about st discussing the impacts of the technology . 
  some great example episodes include the one where a planet starts considering picard their god ; one where data befriends a little robot designed merely for competing tasks , but may in fact be sentient ; the episodes where data plays sherlock holmes , and the ethical considerations of bringing moriarty into the real world ; and any episode that references data and his humanity/whether he deserves the same rights as people . 
  nothing close to any of this is discussed in sw , despite them having droids which are clearly sentient and get treated somewhat poorly a lot of the time . 
  and i do n't count the extended universe in any of the above , because while it may be canon ( til ) , it 's not what most people are exposed to and is not a part of the de facto star wars experience . 
  i was considering posting the exact same cmv myself , so i 'll describe my current stance here . 
  bear in mind i know i 'm `` wrong '' , and i 'd like to be convinced , but i ca n't bring myself to believe gender and sex are n't the same . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , you have a sex which is normally determined at birth , but can be changed through surgery and hormones . 
  it 's a physical thing describing your reproductive organs ( even if they 're nonfunctional , such as with a sex change ) . 
  you have a sexuality . 
  which sex ( es ) you are sexually attracted to . 
  this may be one , none , or both , or anywhere on a spectrum of those . 
  you have a third quality , which i do n't have a nice name for , bit which is basically how `` manly '' or `` feminine '' you are . 
  how much you conform to the typical behaviours of your sex or the opposite sex , or not . 
  is perfectly possible ( and perfectly acceptable ) to have any combination of the above . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a man enjoying activities typically associated with females , or vice versa , and there 's nothing wrong with asexuality , homosexuality , or any other sexuality . 
  but as far as i can see , a person with a penis is a male , and there 's no getting around that . 
  yep , you pretty much nailed my current position . 
  i feel like this is incredibly disingenuous . 
  it 's not really a meta thread , it 's a thread that happens to be about what can be submitted here . 
  a true meta thread would be one requesting for the rules to be changed , i.e. , a thread that is n't actually about changing op 's view . 
  if you really believe this type of thread should n't be allowed , then you should specify that specifically in the sidebar , because as it stands now , there 's no reason people should believe that . 
  and those fucking semicolons ;, 
  just curious , if you 're willing to pm so many people your github , why not just post the link in a public comment ? 
  regardless , i 'm interested . 
  yeah , a baroque continuo is what came to my mind , too . 
  this one felt a little different because it was much more in the background than a normal continuo , and also because while a continuo would be playing for nearly the entirety of the piece , this one only played in a few parts . 
  but yeah , my main question was whether anyone knows anything about this being a common thing , and i 'd guess that it probably is n't . 
  thanks for the p\u00e4rt link . 
  i 'll be honest , that 's not really the sort of music i 'm all that interested in , but it was a nice listen , anyway . 
  abc classic fm on the whole is just an awesome station . 
  best thing is , though , you do n't have to live in australia to hear it . 
  their online version works anywhere in the world without restriction . 
  this is the only way i would like to see item transfers happen , apart from the current standard of dropping items . 
  transferring over long distances does n't make much sense , and would make the game a lot less interesting . 
  but nfc , as though you were handing them the item directly , makes a lot of sense ( and would finally give me a reason to use the technology ... ) . 
  yup . 
  i used to live overseas and would regularly listen in . 
  you just go to [ this site ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/classic/music-listings/ ) and click `` listen live '' over the right hand side . 
  ca n't speak for your location , but where i am the law clearly states that what you 're doing is ok . 
  yellow light means `` stop if safe to do so '' . 
  having to slam the brakes on like that would not be safe , so you should continue on . 
  he mentioned an `` official '' one . 
  was there actually a different talk that went on as well as this one ? 
  i get the impression there probably was n't , but if there was , could i get a link ? 
  first off , you seem to have fallen into the trap of believe the common aussie myth of the dole bludger . 
  these people do exist , but they are nowhere near as common as many people ( such as yourself ) seem to believe . 
  the majority of people on the dole ( and those making use of other government welfare ) are actually in need of it . 
  it is n't as easy to live a luxurious lifestyle on the dole as many believe . 
  however , putting that aside , the argument in favour of government provided facilities is actually a very basic economic one . 
  it 's called the freeloader effect , and it 's what happens when a good or service has positive externalities of production . 
  that means that the production of this good/service has more good for society than it does for the party that produces it . 
  because of this , in a free market , it will only be produced to the optimum level for the producer , which is * below * the optimum level for the society . 
  because of this , there needs to be government intervention . 
  this could be done by simply providing private firms with incentives to produce more , but most of the time it 's more efficient for the government to simply provide the service itself . 
  the service , in this case , being health insurance , education , and unemployment benefits among other things . 
  economically , these are important mainly because they help people to get into a position where they can be more productive to the economy .
