  but no , people just like to whinge about any change , or `` having to use google + '' . 
   assuming reddit is your most viewed `` r '' link, 
  let 's be honest , what else is it gon na be ? 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ miss ^ ^ ^ ^ google ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ reader ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  i had the exact same issue . 
  i do n't even know what `` finna '' is supposed to mean from reading the example sentences ... 
   it does n't even matter if they combined sub and f2p as some ( like rift ) do . 
  i do n't know about rift , but i really liked the runescape model . 
  there 's a heap of gameplay in f2p , large areas , lots of quests , and heaps of armour and items . 
  but at a certain point that runs out . 
  you 've finished most of the quests , got the best armour , or got bored of the relatively limited locations you can visit . 
  so at that point you feel it 's time to start paying their five dollars a month membership fee , and you essentially unlock the `` full '' game . 
  i see it as a sort of extra long free demo . 
  you should probably take a look and see if anyone 's made third party drivers to get around this . 
  it might be better , i wo n't deny that . 
  ( in fact i wholeheartedly agree even with inverted colour it 's easier to read a physical copy . ), 
  but it definitely is n't easier or faster with a physical copy . 
  inverting the screen is a simple key combination : both simple and faster than fiddling with heaps of physical sheets . 
  no it 's not , and altering your word format documents to get them on a kindle is an extremely tedious process , not to mention adding comments is basically impossible . 
  i really do n't understand how people can use it as a logical argument in this situation . 
  the smartest thing to do would 've been to say `` they '' . 
  it 's completely acceptable these days to use they as a singular third person pronoun . 
  you know , that really explains why they call their convenience stores/corner stores `` drug stores '' . 
  i never knew that before . 
  except he 's actually not lying . 
  that really is the correct use if factoid . 
  `` an item of unreliable information that is reported and repeated so often that it becomes accepted as fact . '', 
   operated, 
  saying it would operate is probably being too generous . 
  are even worse ? 
  who the fuck hates the clarinet ? 
  but proper clarinet maintenance is a pain , and tuning is an issue far more than on the recorder . 
  it 's also much pickier with fingerings and most importantly embouchure than recorder . 
  i misread that as double ended oboe . 
  * very * confused . 
  oh fair enough . 
  thought you were talking about an earlier point . 
  i agree , in that case . 
  much more fundamental instrument than the sax . 
  samsung owns `` attraction mega parks '' ? 
  i was aware of lotte world ( which , at least when i was living in korea , claimed to be the biggest indoor theme park in the world ) , but i 've never heard of a samsung world . 
  cool . 
  figured it would be , but just wanted to make sure . 
  thanks !, 
  as a side note , do you reckon gmg ( or someone else ) will have another 20 % ( or more ) sale between now and release ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the current sale ends at the end of this hour , and my source in a country which can get us prices is currently unavailable . 
  cool . 
  figured it would be , but just wanted to make sure . 
  thanks !, 
  as a side note , do you reckon gmg ( or someone else ) will have another 20 % ( or more ) sale between now and release ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the current sale ends at the end of this hour , and my source in a country which can get us prices is currently unavailable . 
  i think that 's unfair . 
  i learnt a lot about the first world war in literature classes . 
  it was also covered in history , but the literature perspective is really interesting and can also provide a very good knowledge of history if it 's taught well . 
  i stopped taking history after year 9 , but in literature classes ( which i continued taking in years 10 -- 13 ) we covered a variety of works based on ww1 , including the works of sassoon and owen , and novels like regeneration . 
  these were taught in conjunction with extra material to provide more perspective on the historical aspects necessary to understand the literary works . 
  ( as a side note , most of what i know about pinochet 's regime -- extremely limited as it is -- comes from studying death and the maiden , which today stands as my absolute favourite play . ), 
  since you did n't sign the nda , can you tell us what the game was ? 
  ( or had you already signed an nda on that part . ), 
  your right hand controls the mouse . 
  i 'm just curious , how long ago was this ? 
  just asking because it seems that at the time writing letters or cheques was deemed an important skill . 
  it really depends on if you 're actually `` play testing '' them , or participating in more of a beta-type situation where you play through the game in a normal way and reporting bugs . 
  haha that 's brilliant . 
  any update on that story ? 
  are those the 1.44 mb floppies ? 
  i know i still used those at least as late as 2000 in primary school . 
  so , for example , the situation described by / u/durtysox would be a perfectly valid one here , then ? 
  perhaps more importantly , is that kind of situation something that might realistically come up here , or is there some particular reason it would n't ? 
   as the state government falls deeper into debt the schools fall by the wayside . 
  in a better economy this is great, 
  i 'm curious as to what you really mean here . 
  are you saying that it 's a good thing for schools to lose funding if the overall economy is in strong growth ? 
  because that just comes across as bizarre to me . 
  see , this is my problem . 
  i know that everyone says it 's totally fine and normal that you should start with when they came back to it in the 21st century . 
  that you wo n't really be missing anything , etc. 
  but i just really , * really * ca n't bring myself to do it . 
  i want to start way back from the first doctor and watch all the way through to present day . 
  i remember from when the abc was showing them when i was young ( before they relaunched the series ) , i absolutely loved it , and i want to watch it again . 
  but that brings problems . 
  never mind that there are just so many damn episodes if you go all the way back to the beginning . 
  it would take ages to download them all , and heaps of hard drive space . 
  even if i were ok with that , there are hundreds of episodes completely missing . 
  and so i 'm stuck , and will never be able to enjoy the wonder that is doctor who . 
  nah that 's alright . 
  netflix does n't exist around here . 
  thanks for the offer , though . 
  i 'm absolutely stunned that nobody has mentioned lastpass yet . 
  absolutely everyone should be using it !, 
  stores all your passwords and automatically fills them out for you , so that each site you visit can have a password that is unique , very long , and pseudo-randomly generated . 
  its security model [ is completely secure , too ] ( http://youtu.be/r9q_anb7pwg?t=52m42 ) . 
  as long as your single password that you use to access it is strong , you do n't need to worry about your account 's details being compromised . 
  i 've never used 1password , so i ca n't comment specifically , although a brief look at their site makes it seem to me as though it 's not free . 
  could be wrong on that , though . 
  even if it were , though , the big plus for me with lastpass is that i know steve gibson fully endorses it , and he 's my go-to guy on security matters . 
  you guys do n't use the interrobang, 
  americans love to say that because of their population or size or whatever , things that work in other countries wo n't work for them . 
  the truth is , it 's total bollocks . 
  there 's virtually nothing that australia or the united kingdom can do that the us could n't do if they really set their minds to it .
