  the other thing , i think , is that the french pronunciation of lieutenant would have two syllables , right ? 
  whereas in english it 's always three . 
  but yeah , the `` r `` s were always a big difficulty for me . 
  it 's a problem for many english speakers in a lot of european languages , i 've found . 
  ahh fair enough . 
  i ca n't say i really know much about qu\u00e9becois french . 
  the only thing i do know is that their numbering system makes infinitely more sense . 
  i do n't know tabarnak , either , but a quick google suggests that that one really is a qu\u00e9becois word . 
  just a tip , reddit 's markdown needs the http : / / to display urls properly . 
  before the election , he very explicitly and repeatedly promised no cuts to healthcare , no cuts to education , no cuts to the abc ( the national broadcaster ) . 
  after the election , we 're getting massive uni deregulation ( will lead to increased fees ) , as well as loosening of our strong hecs system , which allows students to get interest-free ( indexed to inflation ) loans to pay for uni . 
  we 're getting cuts to healthcare , most notably a $ 7 per visit co-payment for visiting gps ( previously they were free ) . 
  abc has had significant cuts , too . 
  the australia network channel is being axed entirely , leaving australian expats overseas now with * no * legal means of accessing any australian content , as well as completely destroying any ability for soft diplomacy through that network . 
  he 's also a climate change denier , although at least he had the dignity to tell the public what he would do on that front before the election . 
  australia is basically the only country in the world to move backwards on climate action . 
  we had a carbon price that was leading in to an emissions trading scheme . 
  he axed that as one of his first major moves in government . 
  we were in the midst of rolling out a national broadband network , aimed at getting fibre to the premises to over 90 % of australians . 
  that system is being replaced with a more expensive ( long term ) and much slower fibre to the node system . 
  this , again , he was at least upfront with before the election . 
  it 's an extremely far-right government as far as australian politics is concerned , and it 's really destroying a lot of the incredible systems we have in place here , and will cripple australia for years to come . 
  what airline , and what routes ? 
  so it 's kind of like a meta subreddit ? 
  except instead of posting to the threads elsewhere , they just use the actual image ? 
   i 'd say it 's less a lie , and more poor research . 
  that , i can agree with . 
  it 's fundamentally a poor understanding of economics that can lead you to that conclusion . 
  debt is * not * a bad thing for a government . 
  especially not in the amount that we currently have . 
  [ take a look at this chart ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:dette_publique2011.jpg ) . 
  australia is one of the lest indebted countries in the world . 
  much less debt than virtually anywhere in europe or north america , except a couple of countries in eastern europe . 
  our debt to gdp ratio is the * lowest in the oecd * . 
  do n't listen to the lies fed to you by the murdoch media and the liberal party . 
  we are ** not ** in a bad economic position right now . 
  you have to remember , during labor 's previous term in office , the world went through a massive financial crisis . 
  it 's a basic economic principle that during economic busts , the government should lower taxes and increase spending , in order to help stimulate the economy . 
  rudd and gillard did this , and it was incredibly effective . 
  while many european countries with their austerity measures ( reducing spending ) are now in incredibly poor economic positions , australia is incredibly well off . 
  now , they certainly should n't spend stupidly . 
  the spending should be focused on areas that will also help growth in the future . 
  infrastructure ( like the nbn ) , education ( increased funding for science labs ) , and healthcare are some of the most important areas to invest in , because they can massively boost an economy 's long term productivity . 
  and , obviously , taking action against climate change is absolutely essential in the long run . 
  spending on these things also helps boost the economy in the short run ( by providing jobs for the people implementing the changes , e.g. 
  building the nbn ) , which is part of what helped keep us out of recession ( along with the help of our banking laws and trade with china ) . 
  as for abbott being a realist ? 
  i think you need to get real . 
  he 's cutting funding to areas that have * huge * positive effects on the economy in the long term ( like healthcare , education , and modern infrastructure ) , all in the search of a `` balanced budget '' . 
  that is n't being realistic , it 's incredibly deceitful and enormously harmful to the country . 
  not to mention he flat out lied about a number of * huge * areas of policy before the election . 
  there is really no reasonable way to justify the actions of our current government . 
  it 's just plain not good for the country . 
  not since the accident . 
  can someone explain to me where exactly this meme came from ? 
  i mean , obviously guru laghima has been mentioned a few times this season , but why the massive surge in references to him all of a sudden ? 
  muscles would atrophy in * higher * gravity situations ? 
  did you make a slight mistake there , or am i about to learn some cool biology ? 
  think of the karma when you post the photo . 
  and then when you do it again in 6 ~ ~ months ~ ~ hours . 
  i just assumed it was when a single person played dm for a really long time without giving anyone else a go . 
  in one episode , no less !, 
  if we go wider than that , kid 's shows do n't usually show a slow suffocation , and they sure as fuck do n't show murder-suicides . 
  could just be that they cut his lines from season 3 . 
  though your explanation seems more likely . 
  yeah that 's what i read into it , too . 
  did n't think it was anything more complicated than that . 
   we are sorry ... 
   * we could not process your order because of geographical restrictions on the product which you were attempting to purchase . 
  please refer to the terms of use for this product to determine the geographical restrictions . 
   we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you . 
  ** well fuck you too amazon . 
  also looking for a bootleg here , on geographical grounds . 
  but the requiring cards details makes sense from their pov . 
  it makes it much easier for you to make a purchase in the future . 
  by requiring a card for free things , they can make you go `` oh , well , it 's free , so i 'll give them my card without consequence for that '' , and then they 've got you in a position where next time you want to buy something , you 're much easier to convert . 
  it 's a pain for customers , but makes sense from a business 's perspective . 
   people were going on about how it was better than the last airbender, 
  no one ever said that . 
  at least not that i ever saw . 
  people liked it , and would defend it from people saying how terrible it was , but i never saw anyone claim it was * as good as * the original . 
  no , it 's / u/jessvj 's way of saying they could justify having korra be healthy again at the start of the season . 
   even if the first thing we see in the new season is `` 10 years later '', 
  i feel it should be rcs , not uss . 
  did you miss his last video ? 
  he 's going to send a video of him thanking people who pay for the top-tier reward on subbable . 
  of course , this video is meant to be private , just for those very few people ( 6 have taken it up so far ) , but there 's a very strong chance it 'll get out . 
  [ yup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_legend_of_korra_ ( video_game \\ ) ), 
  no they do n't . 
  you 're a bad person , and you should feel bad . 
  ( but seriously , make sure to turn off adblock on any sites you frequent if you want the creators to be able to make any money . ), 
  maybe turn it off next time you 're watching a show that 's already having problems staying alive ? 
  is n't adult swim a part of cartoon network ? 
  it would be weird for a previously nickelodeon franchise to move to cn ... 
  there have never been two firebenders who had any particular conflict with each other . 
  who 's fucking jake ? 
  i 'm actually glad that they specifically mentioned the platinum . 
  otherwise people would have been saying that she could have just metalbended out . 
  agreed . 
  i think it had by far the worst single * episode * of the show , but that one episode aside , i think it was just as good as season 5 ended up being .
