  m&b is a great game . 
  i was wondering how many other hi listeners are also twit listeners . 
  neither do episodes 2 and ( especially ) 3 . 
  and i 'm still trying to work out what that reason is ... 
  i agree , giving players extra feet is always worthwhile . 
  my group counts each extra foot as a +2 to movement , which seems fair . 
  that 's also what the dm 's guide ( at least for 4th edition ) recommends . 
  that said , my group plays with 6 players and it 's worked spectacularly well . 
  it gets pretty rowdy at times , but that 's just added to the fun . 
  on the contrary , my current campaign is about to finish with a pvp match , and it 's perhaps the most exciting thing i 've ever played . 
  you just have to play pvp elements right -- which it seems the players have n't done in op 's situation . 
  one of the characters started plotting behind our backs early in the campaign , but he slipped up . 
  i caught on and started secretly following him , managing to foil some of his plans , but not others . 
  before our last session , we completed all the plotting and planning , before the session itself was beating the bbeg . 
  with that over , the next session will be where all the plotting comes to a head , and that one player and the minions he 's managed to hire will face up against the rest of the party and its allies . 
  a couple of other players have been making their own plots of which i 'm not aware , and at least one player joined the betraying one , only he 's secretly acting as a spy for the rest of the party, 
  it feels like some real game of thrones type stuff , or something you might expect to see on / r/dndgreentext . 
  the player that 's been betraying the group is dming our next campaign , and i believe he plans to have his current character be the bbeg for that campaign . 
  that 's how pvp can work well , and it 's extremely exciting and fun for all involved . 
  that said , op 's example definitely does n't seem very good roleplaying in character , or very fun for players . 
  in a way , no image in untouched unless you 're sharing raw files . 
  if it 's a jpeg , the camera is touching it and deciding what to have it look like . 
  can roll20 be used as nothing more than a map/board and character token simulator , for players playing together physically , but who do n't have actual maps ? 
  right , but my point is that it 's relatively easy to construct a situation in which pvp can be fun . 
  we did n't set out to play like this . 
  one random action we took caused the dm to react in a certain way . 
  from there it all spiralled pretty naturally into the situation we have now . 
  you can read heaps of stories about groups that have had similar encounters . 
  with how many stories are out there , it 's easy to see how simple it can be to make a good pvp scenario arise . 
  [ here 's one of my favourite stories of a similar campaign ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mfjs5t8.jpg ) . 
  being asked where i 'm from is a question i hate . 
  not because i had a bad childhood or anything like some of the other commenters , but because it 's a difficult question to answer . 
  i do n't know whether to just say the country i was born in/have citizenship in , or to tell the full story of moving overseas etc. , where i grew up . 
  is there an / r/thirdculturekidsproblems subreddit ? 
  i ca n't comment on the content yet , i 'm not far enough into it . 
  technically , though , it could really do with better audio . 
  the audio at the moment is kinda terrible compared to the podcasts i 'm used to ( namely [ hello internet ] ( http://www.hellointernet.fm/ ) and the [ twit family of podcasts ] ( http://twit.tv/ ) ) . 
  i 'm having to turn it up much louder than i would like to in order to understand it . 
  regarding video , i 'd be happy for none at all , but the basic animations you 've got at the moment seem pretty cool . 
  i 'd have to listen/watch more of it before i can comment on how much the animations add to the experience . 
  just a tip , though , put the http : / / in the link from the youtube description , so people can click on it rather than needing to type it or copy-paste it . 
  best i can give you is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mvisjda.png ) . 
  not really any more detailed information than that , as far as i can find . 
  you can use the instructions in [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/ ) to have a bot automatically remind you after a set time , if you want that . 
  is n't the norm for rolled attributes to roll 6 times and then pick which one goes to which ability ? 
  my latest campaign started with a dream . 
  basically , we were all thrown in to a dungeon together without explanation and had to fight through the dungeon , assisted by an npc who was explaining how the world needed to be saved . 
  at the end of that session , we were told that we all wake up with a card detailing how to meet up with that npc . 
  all of our characters met and introduced each themselves to each other as a result of that . 
  it worked because the cause of the campaign revolved around some mystical power . 
  this idea would n't really work otherwise . 
  there are a few more good stories at / r/dndgreentext , but that is by far the best in my opinion . 
  that would probably be lit . 
  that sounds interesting . 
  how can i get informed when it 's up ? 
  do n't forget the cakebender !, 
   spring or fall terms, 
  ca n't say i 've ever heard them called that . 
  aside from the fact that we call it autumn , not `` fall '' , they 're usually just called semester 1 and semester 2 . 
  as to your actual question , you 'll get quite a few people taking courses then , but significantly less than during the main semesters . 
  you 'll probably be able to get some semblance of a feel for the uni , but not fully . 
  i have n't got a solution , but loosely related , i 've noticed on os x chrome has started requiring the user to * hold down * command-q for a few moments before it will quit , to save accidental presses quitting the whole application . 
  really handy feature . 
  given the evidence we have , this feels unnecessarily accusatory towards the gf . 
  i feel like hanlon 's razor applies here . 
  it 's quite possible that she simply has n't realised the problem if op has n't specifically mentioned it to her and the rest of the party . 
  before taking the action of leaving the party entirely , i would suggest bringing it up with the rest of the party and seeing if they can back him . 
  if they ca n't , then there 's not much else for it , and i 'd agree with the other advice in this thread . 
  again , this is based on the information we have so far . 
  op may have already done this and just not mentioned it here . 
  i 'm curious , what 's the greens party in the us like policy-wise ? 
  i noticed at the last election they seemed to be the 4th party talked about , behind libertarians . 
  here in australia the greens are generally the party that most young left-leaning people with an interest in politics vote for , and they 've got some very strong policies . 
  now , obviously it 's difficult to justify voting for them in the us , since you guys do n't have preferential voting , but if you 're in a situation where your vote does n't matter ( a safe seat/state ) or you genuinely do n't care for the difference between democrat and republican , then giving the third party your vote can be a good show of support , if nothing else . 
  both are definitely bad , but at least greste has n't been sentenced to death . 
  i 'd say deliberately targetting medics ( or media , for that matter ) in a military situation is significantly worse than this . 
  ah fair enough . 
  best of luck with it all !, 
  360 days `` check back for dnd campaign '', 
  i 'm not gon na lie , i legitimately had to read the op a few times before i realised he was talking about an esky . 
  but anyway , the reason it 's world heritage listed is because it is incredibly pristine forest that * should * be heritage listed . 
  previous governments recognised this and thus allowed it to happen . 
  frankly anything that prevents tony from being able to act in the way he wants to is probably for the greater good in australia . 
  we just got ta hope that when our new senate comes in on 1 july , they will still reject the repeal of our emissions trading scheme or will reject something else twice . 
  that will put abbott in the position that he may have to call a double dissolution in order to save face . 
  it 's unlikely that he will call it , even if he does get the trigger , though , and it 's also unlikely he 'll even get the trigger , with the new senate being more sympathetic to his cause . 
  even better , make the first one or two riddles you leave actual clues , but after that just leave random riddles . 
  it 'd make them more likely to believe your riddles are clues , since they figured out how the first ones were . 
  that 's not a reddit thing , it 's an res thing . 
  res has n't been updated since reddit started hiding how many votes things got , so it 's still looking for the values . 
  since it ca n't find them , it just displays ( ? | ? ) . 
  it 'll be removed in res 's next update , hopefully . 
  yeah he did the spoiler tags wrong . 
  the only way the rest of us can see it is by hovering over . 
  [ here 's what it should have been ] ( #s `` he just wanted to kill his brother who was named c.c. 
  and the alphabet thing was a ruse to throw poirot off the trail '' ), 
  must be a quirk of how rif does things . 
  on desktop you have to hover over the word spoilers and read the title text ( like hovering over an xkcd image ) . 
  skyrim has carts to go between the capital cities of each hold . 
  for 5 i 'd say it 's simple .
