  yeah , i 've never seen that before . 
  we just used the actual handbooks , and the powers described in them . 
  had the same effect of making each player feel powerful and effective . 
  in fact , the use of `` powers '' in 4e is my favourite thing about it . 
  it made it so that people playing a fighter were n't pretty much just stuck with `` i hit it with my sword '' every turn . 
  i 'm still a tad disappointed they backpeddled on that aspect in 5e . 
  i watched it for the first time only about 8 or 9 months ago . 
  i wanted some nice light and fun show to watch occasionally . 
  i ended up binging the whole thing over ~ ~ 10 ~ ~ 7 days . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been as emotionally affected by a show as i was with chuck . 
  edit : just remembered . 
  i watched * community * ( first four seasons ) in 10 days . 
  pretty sure i did chuck ( all 5 seasons , and it being a 40 minute show rather than a 20 minute one ) in just 7 . 
  honestly i thought season 4 was pretty weak . 
  my expectations for it were really high , after how fantastic season 3 was , but even so , i do n't think season 4 was that great at all . 
  the morgan bit is short , as others said . 
  and it 's actually absolutely essential plot-wise . 
  not morgan having the intersect * per se * , but they use that to set something really important up for later in the show . 
  have you seen the original uk show ? 
  i 'm not going to give spoilers , but i will say that it 's absolutely worth watching . 
  it 's * very * different to the us version , but still * very * good . 
  and it makes me wonder how the us version will end . 
  will it be the same as the uk show , the same as the original book ( which was only a single book , but when they made the uk show , they changed it -- in the book , he commits suicide rather than killing the reporter girl ) , or if they 'll go completely their own path . 
  the way i see it , all three of those endings are possible , and all could be equally incredible if the show does them right . 
  to me , the big problem with season 3 was that it entirely focussed on stuff that i just did n't give a crap about . 
  i * never * cared for his wife , or his chief of staff and the girl he had the hots for , and their arcs were the main focus this season . 
  the stuff with the russian president was awesome , but most of the season was just weak . 
  it does n't help that seasons 1 and 2 of the us version mostly matched up with seasons 1 and 2 of the uk version . 
  season 3 was entirely new stuff . 
  hopefully season 4 of the us version will line up with season 3 of the uk one , which was brilliant , whether they go with the same ending or not . 
  honestly i feel this is the case with most shows . 
  i never even * consider * joining a subreddit until i 'm completely caught up with the show . 
  yeah , the script was n't identical , but all the semantics of the scenes were . 
  yeah i absolutely loved it . 
  it has to be one of my favourite shows of all time , and i think it had one of the best finales there 's ever been . 
  it 's a shame that so many people in this thread seemed to not like it . 
  i mean , i get it . 
  most people are used to the `` happy ending '' , so they 're upset that what they got was n't a cut-and-dry standard happy ending . 
  but to me that 's an incredible shallow way of looking at it . 
  poignant endings , sad endings , or endings that have some sort of ambiguity to them , have the potential to be * so much * more powerful than a standard happy ending , and i 'm glad that we got one with chuck , and one that was really well executed , too . 
  yeah it definitely is overwhelming . 
  to be honest , i do n't think i really * got it * , in the sense that i understood who characters were and what their significance was , until around season 4 . 
  but i do n't think it was ever * dry * . 
  overwhelming , but not dry at all . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i started my first serious rewatch of the show only a day or two ago , and i definitely appreciate it a lot more now . 
  all the references to stannis baratheon and tywin lannister -- two characters that have n't appeared on screen yet , but have been mentioned quite a few times -- make so much more sense when i know exactly who they are and what they stand for . 
  edit :, 
  oh god . 
  just watched s01e07 . 
  holy shit . 
  it 's incredible just how many chances ned had to save himself . 
  he had so many opportunities before everything started getting going to leave the capital and head back to winterfell . 
  he could have accepted renly 's deal and had renly put on the throne , or he could have said yes when littlefinger came forward with the same proposal . 
  i mean , i already knew that it was his honour that was his downfall , but rewatching it ... holy shit . 
  it 's amazing just * how * true that is . 
  also , that was tywin 's first appearence . 
  oh my god charles dance is an amazing actor . 
  oh definitely , the shakespearean themes are brilliant . 
  i also felt that the show 's shakespearean influences were a little more obvious in the uk version than they are in the us one . 
  though perhaps more macbeth than richard iii . 
  ( indeed , it 's been a while since i watched it , but i believe they have some direct quotes from the scottish play . 
  `` glamis , and cawdor , and king hereafter '' rings a bell . ), 
  in any case , given that you 've picked up on that influence , you doubtless know what the most likely ending will be , though perhaps not necessarily the exact means of the ending occurring . 
  what 'll be really interesting to me is if they play it straight ( as the uk one did ) , or if they look like they 're going to do that , and then subvert it at the last minute . 
  with this show , i can easily see either way . 
  i 've only made it about a third of the way through witcher 1 ( unfortunately i was trying to play on the os x `` port '' -- really just a crappy wineskin wrapper around it -- and it crashed so frequently it was unplayable ) , but i loved it . 
  mechanically it 's a little weird and got repetitive pretty quickly , but i loved its story . 
  i thought the way it handled decisions and consequences was fantastic . 
  i just want to point out that actually the me devs * did n't * know what they were getting in to when they started . 
  at least as far as i 've heard , the original creator was n't involved in the development of the third game , and it deviated significantly from his original vision . 
  but anyway , in the case of chuck , i think it 's a bit different . 
  the specific way it ended did n't just come out of the blue . 
  they dealt with the same themes much earlier on in the series ( season 3 , i think , was the first time it really came up ) , and related issues were a well-known part of the lore earlier on . 
  then they directly used the exact same type of situation earlier on in the same season ( the stuff described elsewhere in the thread regarding morgan ) . 
  it was something they built up to in a fairly natural but subtle way , before going all out with it in the last three episodes . 
  wait what the hell was wrong with season 3 of sherlock ? 
  it was brilliant !, 
  link to that post ? 
  if you 're talking about when morgan had the intersect , yeah i hated that but , too . 
  but they do resolve it in a way that made total sense and explained why it was so bad . 
  it was also essential to plant the seed for what happens later in the season . 
   to those of you arguing about countries outside the us including tax , it would n't be advertised in dollars , would it, 
  mate , have you ever heard of australia ? 
  or new zealand ? 
  or singapore ? 
  or hong kong ? 
   to those of you arguing about countries outside the us including tax , it would n't be advertised in dollars , would it, 
  mate , have you ever heard of australia ? 
  or new zealand ? 
  or singapore ? 
  or hong kong ? 
  google is n't really yahoo 's competitor . 
  they do n't even do search anymore . 
  the `` yahoo '' search engine now uses bing results . 
  and yahoo screen is n't a youtube competitor , since it does n't allow user uploads -- it 's clearly a fundamentally different product . 
  it also is us only ( community is n't the only thing they 've decided to block . 
  i 've tried watching some of their other scripted/narrative content and none that i 've tried has worked for me , either . ), 
  a lot of the time it 's so they can put a humorous twist on what they just said . 
  it 's more than a simple summary if the comment .
