  the third type of average is mode , which is the discrete value or range which appears most frequently , for example 1 , 1 , 2 , 4 , would have a mode of 1 . 
  if you really want to get into it , you can also have geometric mean ( the above `` mean '' is in fact the arithmetic mean ) , which is n_root ( multiply ( x_i ) , from i = 1 to n ) , i.e. , you multiply the numbers together , and then root the result with a base of the number of elements ( square root it if you have two elements , cube root it if you have three , etc. 
  you mean maise mazes ? 
  when you 're a course coordinator who wants to make the course harder for students . 
  honestly , the course i had a final exam for earlier this week is the first time i 've ever come across the geometric mean before in practice . 
  the result of a geometric mean -- at least for two values -- is always < = the arithmetic mean . 
  it is , but i can understand the mistake . 
  the mods named this thread incorrectly . 
  nah , only the last roughly 9 % of that ( so little under 1/2 a mile ) would have been  = mach 1 , assuming linear acceleration . 
   although he never does say the words ... that meme is still hilarious, 
  that same idea could apply to a lot of things . 
  perhaps the best example is casablanca 's `` play it again , sam '' , which was never said . 
  she actually said `` play it , sam . 
  play , as time goes by . '', 
  another is `` elementary , my dear watson !, 
  '' , which was never once said in the sherlock holmes books . 
  and yet they 're both extremely well known and absolutely brilliant quotes to use . 
  perhaps i 'm missing something , but this seems to still exhaust some of the air . 
  surely that would make it possible for him to escape , especially since he seems to be able to direct where he goes when in gasseous form . 
  the issue is that forums in general are not as widely used these days as they once were . 
  i believe that i 've heard that even when controlling for experience and job level , there 's still something like a 3c wage gap . 
  but anyway , the 77c thing is significant , it just does n't mean what you think it means . 
  if women are , on average , doing lower-paying jobs , that speaks volumes about how society leads women to make their choices compared to men . 
  it is n't that employers need to pay women more , it 's that women need to be taught that it 's okay to get further education , go into higher paying jobs , and ask for promotions and accompanying raises . 
  wait , benjamin franklin was never a president ? 
  i always thought he was ... 
  what 's he famous for , then ? 
  ( not american , here . ), 
  i ca n't say i 've ever seen many gels in run-only events , but then , i 've never watched a run longer than a marathon . 
  been to a few iron mans ( iron men ? ), 
  and they were everywhere , there . 
  this was hard to read to the rhythm of troy & abed in the moooorning ! , but i managed to do it . 
  right , but because barry was going at faster than the speed of sound , * any * sound caused by barry could not have reached him yet . 
  it certainly seemed to me that they were implying he heard the sonic boom , which is impossible . 
  this is now my headcanon explanation . 
  it could have been reacting to increased light , or moving shadows . 
  that part of it is pretty good science . 
  the only issue is that he was clearly reacting * before * the doors were thrown open , so that explanation ca n't be right . 
  the phenomenon you 've just experienced is the [ baader-meinhof phenomenon ] ( http://www.damninteresting.com/the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon/ ) . 
  there 's a name for that experience , the [ baader-meinhof phenomenon ] ( http://www.damninteresting.com/the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon/ ) . 
  someone elsewhere had the good theory , and i 'm going to just pretend it 's true , that barry 's path was not straight . 
  he had to go in a curve , while the sound travelled in straight lines , enabling the sound to arrive first . 
  ninjaedit : either that , or , if he was n't metallised , we 'd get to see heads ** explode ** . 
  do n't tell me that would n't be fun !, 
   \\* backwards speaker ( that most be hard ) \\* an angel with a mace \\* a fire dude \\* a fire chick ... * a guy with a really feminine avian name, 
  i 'm really wondering who these ones are . 
  that 's bad code style . 
  if ( rain ) {, 
  return busnotcoming ;, 
  i do n't know what language you were using , but c and java ( perhaps the most popular languages that use c syntax ) do n't need brackets around return statements , and it 's generally considered better style to use ` if ( x ) ` rather than ` if ( x = = true ) ` . 
  or maybe you did that deliberately , since it would presumably be government officials writing this . 
  but i 'm way overthinking this ... 
  like i just said , the stat that i 've heard is that * after * adjustments , there 's still a 3c wage gap . 
  but as i went on to say , just because we 've significantly decreased the wage gap after you adjust for the conditions , does n't mean that the 77c figure is irrelevant , for the reasons i described in the above comment , which you did n't even remotely refute . 
  ah thanks . 
  i never realised that zatanna was just speaking backwards !, 
  ( the only time i 've ever seen her was in young justice . ), 
  would hawk girl be just as valid for the second one ? 
  i know of at least one in brisbane , but i 'm pretty sure there 're like 3 or 4 total . 
  have n't been in one or been close enough to actually see in one in a decade , though . 
  foxtel , the only real pay-tv option in australia , is nowhere near as ubiquitous as `` cable '' seems to be in the us . 
  oh that 's a good idea !, 
  always looking for good ways to use ifttt . 
  it 's such a cool idea , but i can hardly think of any actual ways to use it . 
  the only thing i have at the moment is a log of my own reddit comments ... 
  i do n't think i 've ever had a problem with being left handed for eeg experiments . 
  the ones that i always notice require right handers are the mri ones . 
  i run into this problem all the time . 
  i often sign up for experiments at my university for a bit of spare cash , and it 's always really fun . 
  it 's usually $ 10 for a one-hour experiment . 
  but they frequently have experiments that involving getting an mri which pay $ 60 or $ 70 . 
  not only do i think it 'd be really cool to go in an mri machine , but that 's a heap of money to earn in one hour as a student . 
  does n't help that they also occasionally have ones requiring 20/20 vision , and since i wear glasses i get disqualified from those , as well . 
  haha thanks . 
  i already made up a recipe for myself , exactly the same ingredients as the one you shared . 
  though i must say , i was tempted to go with sms instead . 
  i do n't suppose you have any other good recipes that might be worth sharing ? 
  it took me a long time to realise this . 
  i would always defend the prequel trilogy when everyone was constantly hating on it and talking about how awful it is . 
  but then someone on reddit made a rather lengthy comment describing what it is that they were * going * for , and how awesome it * could * have been , and i realised that i do n't love the prequels for what they are , but what they were trying to be . 
   scar was literally such a shit ruler that the fuckin rain stopped, 
  the curtains are just fucking blue . 
  francis urquhart is , in his own way . 
  if you 're that big a fan of the us version , i 'd heartily recommend you watch the uk version . 
  it 's an absolutely fantastic show , too . 
  though i would say house of cards is perhaps the only show where a us version of a british show was made , and i * ca n't * straight out say `` the british version was better '' . 
  both are , in my opinion , equally brilliant . 
  playing with the hopes and dreams of a daughter , now gentle , now hard , rebuking and rewarding , chastising and forgiving . 
  the pleasures of a father . 
  of a father of daughters . 
  what greater power is there than that ? 
  why should a man want more ? 
  why should i yearn to be everybody 's daddy ? 
  you might very well think that . 
  i could n't possibly comment . 
  -- both francis underwood and urquhart, 
  i was introduced to this quartet , and indeed his string quartets in general , when i studied the play by the same name in high school . 
  absolutely fantastic music accompanying what is now my absolute number one favourite play . 
  i thought it was originally two episodes ( does n't walter go see her twice in her office ? 
  ) , but basically yeah .
