  where an actual result is essential . 
  have we seen anything about the imperial legion in the game 's lore so far ? 
  i 'm really curious what actually happened to all the imperials/people from cyrodiil at the outset of this game . 
  are you in the long-term beta ? 
   on average , a nuclear power plant annually generates 20 metric tons of used nuclear fuel, 
   the combined total climbs to roughly 2,000 metric tons a year, 
  wait , are there only 100 nuclear power stations worldwide ? 
  huh ... i could n't go further than finding him in the harborage . 
  i 'd click on the portal to go back to coldharbour and it would play the animation , then the portal would disappear and i 'd still be in tamriel . 
  a message to the effect of `` you 're not allowed to go there '' would appear in the top right . 
  i just assumed that this was because they were n't allowing weekend testers to go further than that . 
  the question `` what is the highest level math course you 've taken ? '', 
  seems very geared towards americans . 
  maths elsewhere is n't generally split up into calculus , algebra , trigonometry , etc. 
  at the high school level , and at my university the basic first year maths course for engineers is both linear algebra and calculus . 
  fun fact , angkor was the first city in asia to reach 1 million people , and the third overall , according to some estimates . 
  i thought the best surroundings were the parthenon and mount rushmore . 
  oh man , when you 've got as many senate candidates as we had in the last election , that would be a massive pain for people who actually care about their vote . 
  with 82 candidates ( in qld , pretty sure nsw and vic had even more ) , it would have been so difficult to translate from what senate.io spat out into actual candidates on the ballot paper if the orders were n't the same . 
  now , if they used that in conjunction with switching to optional above the line preferencing instead of the current mandatory system with either single vote above the line or numbering * every * candidate , then random candidate order would be helpful . 
  we do n't know for certain , but many people ( including antony green , i believe ) suspect that the donkey vote is a big part of the reason the liberal democrats won a seat in nsw last september . 
  they were on top of the ballot paper . 
  having a name that could cause uneducated voters to think they 're the liberal party did n't help , of course . 
   if the uq union shave for a cure team raises $ 10,000 in sponsorship pledges by thursday , 20 march, 
  you can donate online [ here ] ( https://secure.leukaemiafoundation.org.au/registrant/mobile/mobileteampage.aspx?teamid=81587&amp;referrer=https://m.facebook.com/ ) ( as of this writing , they 're at 9 % of their goal , or $ 867.14 ) , or in person at the event or the union complex this week . 
  got ta be honest , i do n't really get the whole thing with this guy , but hey , if it raises money for charity , that 's awesome . 
  anything from ubisoft . 
  back in ~ 2007 , i had a legitimate copy of age of mythology from its original publisher , microsoft game studios , and i absolutely loved playing it . 
  i could spend hours online playing a variety of custom maps . 
  at some point , my disk broke , and i could n't play anymore . 
  so when i got back to australia ( was living overseas at the time -- legit games were hard to come by ) i went down to a store to buy another copy , and the only copies available were ubisoft published . 
  i buy the copy , and leave the store glad to finally be done with that , and excited to go back and play again . 
  not long after i left the store , i read the back of the box . 
  turns out it specifically says online play is not available . 
  had i known this beforehand , i would n't have bothered buying it , i could easily play without online by pirating . 
  but no , they have this tiny text on the back of the box that says that it does n't work . 
  i did some more research and apparently this is something they 've done a lot of . 
  i never bought a game for myself for 5 years after that , and even then almost exclusively digital copies . 
  and i 'll never buy anything from ubisoft again . 
  fuck them . 
  i 've pirated all the assassin 's creed games i 've played , and been more than happy to do so . 
  to be quite frank , it does n't really matter what `` most americans '' consider him . 
  under us federal law he is american . 
  but besides , i 've always found that approach really weird . 
  if someone identifies as american , to me that 's the most important factor in deciding where they 're `` from '' . 
  and if they 've specifically made the decision to renounce their citizenship of another country and become a citizen of another , then they have made their feelings quite clear . 
  considering its a reply to a comment regarding email . 
  pretty sure not serious ... 
  you could just say `` non-american '' , since [ every major english dialect apart from american ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:manual_of_style/spelling#english_spelling_comparison_chart ) uses `` our '' . 
  not a great review imo , but i thought i 'd share it here to see it hopefully get ripped apart more eloquently than i could myself . 
  you know , that 's a really got assessment of what i thought when reading it . 
  i could n't think of anything that was actually * incorrect * about it , and yet it felt so wrong . 
  you just worded the feeling so well . 
   i kind of have to agree with him about having level progression though the zones kind of makes it feel less elder scroll . 
  as in `` this area is for level 10 players , over there is for level 20 players . 
  if you try to explore there you 'll die '' . 
  that 's not the experience i had at all . 
  i wanted to explore more of the area i was in , do i did it . 
  i was careful to avoid getting too close to the higher level mobs , and i managed to explore the area pretty well . 
  but i actually really like the fact that certain areas have higher level enemies , and that it is n't all scaled to the user 's level . 
  it makes the world feel more genuine to me . 
  like some parts of tamriel are actually more dangerous than others . 
  it makes sense that the world would be like that . 
  have to be honest , i have n't run into any quests with problems of enemies/items not spawning ( instancing ? ), 
  since the third last beta . 
  i did n't do too many quests in the last two , though , so i guess that could account for that . 
  i agree , the diversity within english is incredible . 
  all the codes i 've gotten have worked both in australia and the us ( using a proxy ) . 
  but because using a proxy is technically against the tos , i 'm planning on getting my parents who live overseas ( not in the us , but it seems that anywhere not already given a specific price is shown the us price ) to buy it . 
  next time gmg sends you a code ( i do n't know about you , but i 've been getting one every week for a little over a month that works for eso ) , try it in the australian store . 
  previous ones have worked for me . 
  if not , you 'll probably be fine using a proxy and buying it in the us store . 
  it 's a dialect of german , in the same way english has american english and british english ( and many more dialects for other regions/countries ) . 
  i associate germany with the best of music prior to the 20th century . 
  honestly , i have to say that pirates of the caribbean is probably one of the only original soundtracks by zimmer that 's actually any decent . 
  i have to strongly disagree with that statement , at least as far as music goes . 
  he 's definitely a commercial genius , but his music is pretty lackluster . 
  pirates of the caribbean is probably the biggest exception to this , but his music just does n't come close to holding up against someone like john williams or howard shore . 
  he does an ok job as far as using leitmotifs to emote certain ideas , although looking at something like star wars or the lord of the rings you can easily see that zimmer 's soundtracks just do n't * quite * manage to reach that same level of detail or cleverness in composition style . 
  the biggest problem with his music , though , is that it just does n't convey emotion nearly as well as the greats . 
  i look at the [ superman theme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=engkxf3cqh4 ) from the latest film . 
  his actual motif was great , revealing the humble and somewhat timid origins of the character , but then it 's supposed to build into something far more bold and heroic . 
  you can clearly see that that 's what zimmer is trying to do , but it just feels like it 's always building but never getting anywhere . 
  there 's no real feeling of a climax . 
  zimmer gets * so close * to being a great composer , but he consistently falls * just * short of the mark . 
  he * just * fails to do what he 's setting out to do . 
  unfortunately , i suspect a big part of this is due to his lack of a formal education in the art . 
  so yeah , he himself is a little overrated , but not all that bad . 
  what 's really terrible is all the people who try to imitate his style , and fall * waaay * short of the mark . 
  unfortunately , because of his success , this sort of thing is really common . 
  ** tl ; dr ** film music geek rants about how overrated zimmer is . 
  ca n't really comment . 
  the only film that he 's done that i 've seen is social network , and i have n't played any of the games he 's done . 
  i honestly do n't remember anything about the social network 's music . 
  i think it was probably a very different type of soundtrack from the one i tend to prefer to analyse , which makes it much harder to compare . 
  but still , i 'd say it 's probably a decent soundtrack for something in the background , but nothing particularly spectacular that would make me want to go out and download the soundtrack . 
  it 's funny , but i feel that way about zimmer * enormously * . 
  it 's certainly true that some of williams ' most well-known scores can sound sameish : star wars , jones , superman , jurassic park , etc. 
  but then he goes and does something amazing , and shows just how diverse he can really be , with things like catch me if you can , schindler 's list , and amistad ( `` dry your tears , afrika '' is an amazing track , if you want to listen to it , although the rhythms in the wind parts are an absolute arse to play ) . 
  and that 's not even mentioning his incredible array of concert music and things like the amazing [ olympic fanfare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:john_williams_olympic_theme.ogg ) .
