   any idea what 's up with the seating here ? 
  to her right , where the cellos normally sit , it looks like there are violas , and the small amounts we can see in front of her and to her left are also violins or violas . 
   the video of the full performance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g945mq1daty seems to use the more conventional layout , so any idea what 's going on here ? 
  it 's got me wondering ... 
  congrats on making the switch !, 
  give it a couple of weeks and , as long as you did n't physically rearrange your keyboard to enable cheating , you should be typing like a pro !, 
  question 3 was certainly a * very * interesting one . 
  mmp the * strong * favourite on first preferences , but then nearly * every * second preference went against it . 
  definitely not an outcome i would have expected . 
  still , this definitely shows the advantage of using the av system . 
  does make me wonder how question 6 might have turned out , had it used av rather than fptp ( as the only other question that did n't have a majority winner on first pass ) . 
  i doubt it would change the result , but it might have been interesting . 
  but anyway , thanks for this . 
  very interesting in general . 
  lol what ? 
  are we in 1998 or something ? 
  google has apparently decided three years is too many to own a single phone , so i 'm not getting marshmallow :(, 
   the problem is that unless you have a google nexus android device, 
  even if you do , you are n't guaranteed to get it ... 
  typically scientific calculators do n't have graphing capability . 
  calculators that can graph have their own category , gdcs . 
  i never thought of being in an international school as anything different from a regular school , only more ... colourful , and perhaps more tolerant . 
  once you get past that ( and really , it 's quite easy to get used to that ) , it 's the same as any school . 
  you to to school in the morning . 
  you walk from class to class . 
  after school maybe you have a club or two , and then you go home . 
  university is n't too different from that , either , really , only the `` walk from class to class '' is over really large areas , instead of being confined to a couple of buildings . 
  someone has to have done a cluedo-d & d ( or cluedo and something else ) game at some point , right ? 
  i 'm honestly surprised at how far down i had to go to get this . 
  i use * everything * google . 
  inbox , keep , youtube , calendar , maps , chrome . 
  i love the integration you can get thanks to going all in on google . 
  google now is the most amazing magical thing i use on a day-to-day basis . 
  non removable batteries are a good thing . 
  they mean you can get a larger single battery to last longer without needing to charge . 
  if you 're carrying something around anyway , you can get far more out of an external battery pack than you could out of a second internal battery . 
  i do wish more phones supported removable storage , though . 
  hell , i 'd just like non-supermarket shops that are open past like 4 on weekends . 
  the problem with that is that you 've got to first * find * such a large source of water , and you can only move it up to 5 feet per turn . 
  so unless you 're fighting in a rowboat on the ocean , or are literally * right * next to a river or something , it 's not really going to be that useful . 
  i conducted my high school orchestra briefly for a term in high school . 
  i sucked it up and held the baton with my right hand . 
  while i generally consider myself more ambidextrous than left handed , i have to be honest , i felt it holding me back quite substantially . 
  if i were ever to get the opportunity to do it again , i would most certainly beat time with my left hand . 
  it 's just one of those subtle things about expression where you lose a lot if you force yourself to use the slightly less dexterous hand . 
   for instruments like the ... recorder, 
  let 's be honest , the recorder is n't an instrument , it 's a toy . 
  most reddit apps ignore subreddit css . 
  a week ago ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw it * yesterday * ... 
  yes they can , and i 'll probably install it some time soon . 
   one bomb that may or may not kill anyone . 
  one * nuke * dropped over a * city * . 
  there 's zero chance of no deaths . 
  but fwiw i agree with your main point . 
  the extinction of dozens of major species is totally not better than a few thousand human deaths , as crass as that may sound . 
  you 're just both being total arseholes about the way you present your arguments . 
  ( and do n't tell me `` he started it '' , that 's no more a valid excuse today than it was when you were in primary school . ), 
  i think at least part of the problem is that he went in expecting science fiction . 
  star wars is n't science fiction , but nor does it * try * to be . 
  it might have been marketed as that when it first came out ( i genuinely do n't know , i was n't around then ) , but if so , that was because of a general lack of a good term for what it was : space fantasy . 
  a completely different genre , but a perfectly good one . 
  the post which links to the reps subreddit can be used to comment on the bill by politicians , press , and public , free from the rigour of the parliamentary process . 
  it 's generally inadvisable to rearrange keys or use stickers while learning , since it makes it possible to look down at the keys learning , which can encourage bad habits and result in learning a sort of semi-touch-typing . 
  honestly the world as a whole seems to have changed way more than it should have in the ~ 20 years between the prequels and the originals . 
  somehow the force and jedi have gone from a very real presence that even slave boys and merchants in the outer rim have heard of them and know about their force powers , to an almost mystical power that seems to have come from an age long ago -- if they were ever truly real to begin with . 
  yeah , it had exactly the right line , just was n't quite the right length . 
  if i had done it , it probably would have gone way off to the side ... 
  curious , what 's wrong with people who want to do it ? 
  is there something inherently wrong with that idea , or is there a tendency for such people to lean in a certain direction ? 
  making a pact for someone 's soul ( known as a `` pact certain '' in the lore of the nine hells of baator , presumably because it means the person entering the pact is giving up their soul * for certain * ) is n't generally the normal way of doing things . 
  very few people would sign over their soul unless their life was literally in danger otherwise . 
  instead , the agreement might be for other things . 
  say i 've done something to attract some unwanted attention . 
  i might try and form a pact with a cambion asking for protection . 
  they might respond offering that protection in exchange for `` a favour '' of their choosing . 
  i might counter `` okay , but the favour must be one that does n't involve stealing someone else 's soul , or killing , and must be against a * mutual * enemy , if it harms anyone '' . 
  they might accept that , but say that with those conditions , i 'll have to do * two * favours . 
  and so i accept the deal , and we have an agreement . 
  it 's important to note that the devil * will * abide by the agreement . 
  devils * do n't lie * . 
  the leave out information , they mislead , but a strict interpretation of what they said will always be true . 
  it is quite likely that , if i did n't bargain explicitly otherwise ( and most people would n't think to do so ) that the forfeit -- the cost should i fail to live up to * my * side of the bargian -- will be my soul . 
  by this , they have substantial leverage to make sure they get their way . 
  nobody -- not even the most evil of men -- would willingly and cheaply give up their souls . 
  of course , once i 've accepted that deal , exactly * how * the protection takes place is up to them ( silly me for not clarifying ! ) . 
  they might transport me to the hells for 10 years , or freeze me in space and time for 10 years , so that i wake up ten years later , unchanged , while everyone i know has gone on for ten years not knowing what happened . 
  devilish deals i just as difficult to do without consequences as wishes with a djinni . 
  maybe even worse . 
  if you 're interested in devils , i would highly recommend the brimstone angels series , by erin m. evans . 
  the quote from the tiefling entry of the 5e player 's handbook is from the first book in the series . 
  the first book mostly deals with the relation between a devil and a warlock , as does the second , but the third has a fair amount of detail covering the nature of and possibilities for a pact for something else . 
  the first book does very briefly touch on why one might enter a pact certain , but it 's only very brief -- an orc was dying , painfully , and the devil needed someone to `` take care '' of someone . 
  the books are n't fantastic from a literary standpoint , but they are absolutely fascinating for anyone interested in devils , warlocks , and/or tieflings , and they have characters that are really easy to get engaged with and care about . 
  as for how exactly the pacts are enforced , i do n't know if there 's necessarily a definitive answer to that , but i 've always assumed that it is some sort of devilish magic that forces the pact taker to give up their soul ( if that was the forfeit ) if they fail to live up to their end of the pact . 
   the only variant on the tiefling is in sword 's coast adventurer 's guide, 
  [ nope ] ( https://media.wizards.com/2015/downloads/dnd/07_ua_that_old_black_magic.pdf ) . 
  though these do n't give those abilities , either . 
  [ episode x spoilers ] ( / s `` rey gets killed by the new villain . '' ), 
  dude , why the fuck do you even visit this subreddit with such frequency ?
