  i know of joseph mccarthy from the `` red scare '' , and i know there 's someone by the name mccarthy famous for being anti-vaccine , but who 's the mccarthy related to technology ? 
   as opposed to dropbox which only gives you 2 for free, 
  that 's not * quite * true . 
  i mean , sure , you only get 2 out of the box , but it 's super easy to get heaps more than that . 
  i 've got 9.4 gb on mine and i 've never payed them a cent . 
  i have n't even gone out of my way to spam my referral link . 
  drive , for what it 's worth , gives you 15 gb , not 30 . 
  i personally use both with no real consistency as to what goes where . 
  of course , one big advantage drive has is being attached to the absolutely incredible google docs , which is consistently being improved . 
  does n't firefox do that natively now ? 
  i dunno , i do n't actually use it , but i thought i read it did . 
  what if it bites you and it dies ? 
  i 'm studying software engineering , so i 'll definitely give those a look . 
  thanks !, 
  setting up your account ( creating an account , downloading the app , etc. ), 
  gets you your first bit of extra space , and it means that * nobody * should have less than 2.5 gb . 
  you also get 0.5 gb for each person you refer . 
  and finally , the absolute easiest method , is to have dropbox import your photos when you plug your camera in to the computer . 
  it does n't even bother to check that you * keep * the photos there . 
  have it import them , and then you can move them to wherever you actually want them . 
  [ apparently ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/getspace ) you can also get an extra 1 gb for using the mailbox app , if you have an ios device . 
  all of this comes with a limit of 16 gb . 
  i suspect they chose that specifically because it 's 1 gb * more * than what you can get for free with google drive . 
  as a side note , if you wan na get heaps of space , try [ signing up for copy ] ( https://copy.com?r=upfrdn ) . 
  it gives you 15 gb to start with ( if you signed up using someone else 's referral link ) and 5 gb per referral . 
  plus , if you have content that you 've got shared between multiple users , it only takes up a fraction of its actual size -- the space is shared equally among all people with access to it . 
  i did sign up a long time ago , but i just went and created a dummy account to test . 
  it 's definitely only giving 15 gb . 
  ah , that must be the difference then . 
  google apps accounts must get 30 gb standard , while personal accounts only get 15 . 
  actually only google . 
  apple does n't really fall for this problem per se specifically because they are very much only trying to market towards the people who are like that . 
  the voice commands are already being used really well by the actual device . 
  things like `` xbox , record that '' are super convenient and helpful . 
  actually , i am in a developing country , and what i 've found is that google 's a bit of a mixed bag with support for developing countries . 
  another thing they 've got is project loon , which is currently being tested in new zealand , but is intended for areas that do n't currently have good coverage . 
  on the other hand , youtube has steadily gotten worse with regards to how well it works on a weaker connection , and many features of android and chrome do n't work very well offline , even though there does n't seem to be any reason that they should n't . 
  for example , the gmail app on android does n't keep a local copy of emails to allow reading offline -- same with gmail in chrome -- and basic features of google now like reminders wo n't work without a connection . 
  their push to remove sd cards from android phones is similarly another similar step backward in general , but especially for people who do n't have access to large amounts of ( or any ) mobile data . 
  [ read this tutorial on switching to dvorak ] ( https://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/08/29/dvorak/ ) . 
  the important bit here is that i recommend not switching keys around or buying stickers . 
  instead , learn to touch type . 
  to help you at first , print out a map of the dvorak layout ( there 's a good one in the link ) and stick it under your monitor . 
  it 'll help you learn at first , but will still force you to learn to touch type . 
  that 's just a marker , to tell the actor where he needs to be . 
  you wo n't see it in the actual show . 
  nah , civ ii : test of time , the remake of civ ii . 
  it had all the same gameplay with better graphics , plus the extended original , science-fiction , and midgard game types . 
  have you ever played test of time ? 
  it was a remake of civ 2 with the same gameplay but better graphics , plus it had additional game types , including extended original , science-fiction , and midgard/fantasy . 
  if you can , please explain how to do this . 
  i 'd love to be able to , but i tried it just before writing the previous comment to check if it was true , and sure enough [ all my messages disappeared ] ( http://imgur.com/somz0s6 ) . 
  honestly i think all of those except * perhaps * better diplomacy options should be introduced in a free update , not a paid expansion/dlc . 
  play store says gmail is up to date ( 4.7.2 ) , and settings say android is up to date ( 4.4.2 ) . 
  and yeah , i can have a connection , swipe down to refresh emails , and they 'll show up . 
  then , if i turn off the connection and swipe down they 'll stay there , clicking on * most * emails fails to load anything , but some seem to work . 
  however , if i then go across to a different email tab it 'll show the message in the screenshot . 
  if i go * back * to the same one that was semi-working before , it also shows `` no connection '' . 
  edit : for clarification , this is loading the primary inbox with an internet connection , turning off the connection , and trying to open an email from primary inbox , and trying to switch to one of the other main inboxes ( social , promotions , or updates ) . 
  yeah , that 's exactly how i would expect it should work . 
  i 'm curious , what device do you have ? 
  it could be related to that somehow ... 
  yeah , i wonder if it 's something samsung 's done that fixes the problem from vanilla android . 
  ( i 'm on a nexus device . ), 
  that 's my generation . 
  ( born ~ ' 94 ), 
  i 'm old enough that in the first couple of years of primary school we used floppies , but young enough that they were n't actual floppy floppies . 
  i imagine most of the generation after me would have some vague idea of what floppy drives were , but would have never actually used them . 
  i was thinking he was afraid of biting or something . 
  i dunno about california , or fahrenheit , but i get cold if it 's anything under about 18 \u02dac . 
  when it goes under 10 that 's absolutely horrid . 
  here in saigon the temperature has been unusually cold lately . 
  in the mornings it 's been as low as 16 \u02da , which is almost unheard of . 
  is the `` original u2 logo '' joke referencing something in particular ? 
  indeed . 
  check their about page and see the web address . 
  it 's dein tier fotograf , which google translate tells me means `` your animal photographer '' . 
  under family first ? 
  they 're bad , but surely not * that * bad ... 
  party : bullet train for australia , occupation : comedian . 
  sounds about right . 
  what 's the game ? 
  and more importantly , the publisher . 
  i 've noticed that ubisoft is really shit at this . 
  i bought a copy of age of mythology published by them . 
  it had fine print on the back that said it would n't work for online play . 
  check some forums and it turns out this is really common practice with ubisoft published games . 
  ( this was a few years ago now , but it was also from eb . ), 
   i 'm pretty sure that it ca n't be both at the same time, 
  hence a paradox . 
  i did n't feel stupid when i got it , but the moment just felt so ... anticlimactic . 
  australia does it , too ( including shouting from the middle of the bus ) . 
  i think it 's probably an anglosphere thing , passed down by the british . 
  here in vietnam you do n't need to worry about it . 
  just give them the bribe . 
  do n't be subtle or sneaky about it , just hand it to them . 
  semi-related note , the police here are fucking scum , around tet ( lunar new year -- the biggest holiday in their culture ) you 'll have dozens of them lined up on the roads pulling people over just to take a bribe . 
  on queensland roads , at least , it 's only on roads over 70 . 
  otherwise , you can be in any lane . 
  definitely * always * applies for walking or biking ( whether you 're on the footpath or the road ) .
