  but i 'll just relay to you what i told / u/whitemouse :, 
   cutscenes have no sound apart from speech , and the game crashes every hour or so , but other than that it works just fine , and i 'm really enjoying the game itself . 
  wait , is the console version going to have no subscription fee ? 
  assuming that 's the case , i 'd say it really depends on how you feel about the game . 
  if you think you 're going to be playing it for at least ~ 1 year , then the cost of the subscription will outweigh the cost of the console , so buying it on console is the better choice from a purely financial standpoint . 
  if you are worried that you might not play it for that long , then it may be better to go with the pc version ( which , i 'll just add , runs beautifully on os x -- that 's where i 've done most of my esoing so far ) . 
  obviously , other factors that you need to weigh are how much you are willing to wait ? 
  do you plan on buying a ps4 soon anyway ? 
  i 'm having trouble finding reliable sources , but my understanding was that while the age of consent in the uk -- like most western countries -- is 16 , the age where you are allowed to be in porn is 18 . 
  1 ) same question as op, 
  2 ) oh god , no . 
  that 's a * terrible * idea . 
  the simple fact is that the majority of people can not understand enough about enough areas to make decisions that are beneficial for the country . 
  economics , as one example , is an incredibly complex area , and making decisions about what to do in the case of economic crises , or at what level or which types of taxes to use , and which projects to fund with those taxes , is something that requires a lot of time and effort to decide upon . 
  most people simply are n't going to go to the effort to work out what they believe is the best option , and will probably end up voting in line with whatever the media tells them . 
  looking at the last election , you know that ca n't end well . 
  fractional banking is what enables the modern economy to function . 
  the amount of money in circulation worldwide is significantly more than the actual amount of cash available . 
  borrowing and lending is an enormous part of our current system , and without fractional banking the amount that this could be done would drop dramatically . 
  sure , it can lead to problems in severe financial crises , like what happened in many parts of europe during the gfc . 
  but australia also already has quite strict regulations around the banking industry which helps prevent that issue . 
  same with usury . 
  on the note of democratic reform , i 'd move to using stv in the house of representatives , too . 
  merge existing electorates into larger groups of between 3 and 6 , and elect that number of members from each electorate . 
  it 's probably about time we expanded parliament , too . 
  1984 is the last time we did , and the population has grown by over a third since then . 
  i say this mainly because a larger parliament makes doing the switch to stv easier . 
  going to 200 mps and ~ 100 senators ( would have to do calculations for numbers that work well with an equal number per state + an equal lower number for nt and act ) would work well . 
  yeah that 's a good point , actually . 
  it would be nice if the populace could have * some * say in how things are run . 
  so yeah , it 'd be nice if something could be done about blatant lies on the part of the government , and if they could be accountable somehow . 
  i 'm just really unsure about the previous commenter 's idea for an implementation to fix that . 
  i think the real agreement that you 've signed is that facebook can use your images in * its * advertising . 
  that 's basically so that they can do things like show users when their friends have `` liked '' some brand/business ( especially if said brand has paid to get them to show that kind of thing ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware , though , they ca n't actually send your images to third parties . 
  i 'd be very grateful if someone could quote the actual terms of service to prove me wrong , though , because there 's a pretty decent chance i am . 
   your arguments against the mindless rabble being unable to decide or make informed decisions are arguments against democracy itself . 
  how about you respond to what i actually said rather than spouting mindless reactionary drivel . 
  the amount of bills which go through parliament , and the range of topics that they cover simply prohibit any one person from becoming sufficiently informed about them all to make rational , informed decisions . 
  it 's got nothing to do with `` mindless rabble `` as you so eloquently put it . 
  not quite . 
  the constitution mandates that the number of members in the house of representatives be `` as nearly as practicable , twice the number of senators '' . 
  currently the ratio is 1.97:1 . 
  i worked out that if each state were given 8 senators , and the territories keep 4 seats ( as they currently have ) , then you could have exactly 100 senators . 
  or you could double the senators that the territories get and go to 104 senators , and play around with the number of reps to get a number that fits well with the current population . 
  of course , all this is back of the napkin figures . 
  in reality , they 'd have to consider exactly where the population is , to decide which areas are the best fit for the extra seats , and depending on that , the exact numbers could be worked out . 
  i think that was his point . 
  he 's saying ( i 'm neither going to agree or disagree ) that your family has more money than he does , but they have less of it to spend on expensive luxuries , because so much of it goes to the school , leaving less disposable income . 
   broaden and simplify the gst to all goods and services, 
  while i 'm glad you at least did n't say you were going to raise it , too , i think this is a bad idea . 
  there 's a reason that the gst currently does n't include certain goods and services . 
  gst is a regressive tax . 
  those with a lower income pay a higher percentage of their total income in gst than those with a higher income . 
  to help offset this a little , basic necessities are excluded from paying gst . 
  this includes unprocessed food , medical services , education , and childcare , among a few other goods and services . 
  these exemptions help reduce the impact of the gst on low income households . 
   private health insurance rebate , stop funding private schools more than public, 
  i 'm putting these together , because i see them as very similar issues . 
  first of all , that second clause is simply wrong . 
  private schools simply do not receive more funding than public schools do . 
  in fact , they receive less per student . 
  now , i 'm a little iffy about them receiving * any * public funding , but the data i 've seen tends to suggest that this funding allows private schools to support more students , which reduces the burden on the public system . 
  it 's that same logic that comes to mind for health insurance . 
  i have n't seen actual data for this one , but i would not be surprised to see that reducing funding to private health insurance would end up costing the taxpayer more money , by increasing the burden on the public system . 
  haha no worries . 
  it was n't too hard , though , i just scrolled back a few months in my reddit pm history and command-fed `` witcher '' . 
  thankfully reddit keeps pm history longer than comment reply history . 
  you do realise that your proposed national service would essentially be forcing poor people to sign up while the rich would not , right ? 
  personally , i do n't like the idea of any sort of national service , but if it 's going to be implemented , it at least needs to be for * everyone * , not just the poor . 
  also , why incentivise states to legalise cannabis ? 
  why not just do it federally ? 
  other than that , i must say i rather like your ideas . 
  well not exactly . 
  the reason it 's `` as nearly as practicable '' is that you need each electorate to have roughly an equal amount of voters in it . 
  i believe that each state also has roughly a proportional amount of electorates to the population . 
  for these reasons , sometimes it 's simpler to have a few more or less electorates than exactly double the number of senate seats . 
  actually my idea does exactly the opposite . 
  you take what is currently 3 -- 6 separate electorates , and merge them together into one big electorate with 3 -- 6 mps elected from it . 
  [ this video explains the system very well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  i was merely also suggesting adding more total members , partly to keep up with the growing population , but also because a larger number of total members makes this system much easier to implement . 
  edit : worth noting , though , that this would give minor parties a much larger chance , because the voting mechanism would be exactly the same as the one used currently in the senate : single transferable vote ( though hopefully without the god-awful group voting ticket system ) . 
  ooo i love theory of knowledge !, 
  to clarify for anyone who does n't know , a justified belief is distinct from a true belief or a justified true belief . 
  it 's something that a person has a valid reason for believing * even though the belief itself may be wrong * . 
   i 'll never approach his level of comprehension of things . 
  that 's actually something that 's brilliant about science . 
  if you 've taken a highschool level physics class , there are many areas of the world that you comprehend to a * far greater * degree than newton ever did . 
  that 's not because of some innate knowledge or intelligence on your part , it 's simply because he had to work to figure these things out , whereas they were handed to you more or less on a platter -- having already been figured out by him and his successors . 
  it is much simpler to gain a comprehension of something for yourself if the knowledge already exists . 
  i 've heard of open-list mmp before , but never no-list . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know nearly enough about either of those . 
  do you know of any good , simple ( preferably video , and with at least one simulated election ) resources explaining its mechanics ? 
  i already know about mmp as it 's done in new zealand , and that type i am adamantly against , because i really do n't like the party list mechanics . 
  but the idea of proportionality * without * party lists really appeals to me . 
  regarding your last two bullets points , it 's definitely one of the biggest problems with using stv in our hor . 
  it would work far better in , say , the united kingdom , since their electorates are already very small , it would be pretty easy to merge into groups of 5 or 6 and still have manageable electorates . 
  but when you 've got over 90 % of western australia ( by area ) in just two electorates , it definitely becomes unweildy . 
  that 's kinda why i also proposed increasing the number of total seats , to help compensate for that problem somewhat . 
   on his last term,
