  if they get above a certain total percentage ( i think it 's 5 % , but i 'm not sure ) , then for every vote they get , they get a small amount of money . 
  do n't worry about it yet , then . 
  but around 6 -- 8 months before the exams , you should definitely be doing lots and lots of complete past papers , including doing some under timed conditions , especially in the last 2 -- 3 months before the exam . 
  yeah , that 's the assumption i made for the three independents i could n't find websites for . 
  the 1 that did have a website actually seemed pretty decent , i think i put him in at about 8 or so . 
  above the line , * optional * preference voting . 
  let me write 1 -- 12 on my 12 favourite parties , and stop there . 
  i do n't want to have to number all 32 parties represented on my ballot paper , when quite frankly after about 12 i just do n't give a fuck . 
  rudd * should * have done so . 
  then perhaps we would n't be in this mess . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  the pm is essentially the most important person of the leading party in the house of representatives ( commons in the uk ) . 
  since we do n't have a functioning executive branch , this makes them effectively the most powerful politician in the country , and in some ways they do behave like the president because of this . 
  they represent the country at global events , they 're the one people consider the leader of the country , and they have the most significant say over which policies and bills get put through . 
  however they do n't have veto powers , and technically do n't have any more say in government than anyone else . 
  wait i 'm a little confused . 
  if you 're from canada , where you also have a parliamentary system , should n't you already understand how elections and the appointment of the pm work ? 
  yeah , that 's a pretty good summary . 
  essentially , his powers are the same as your `` leader of the house '' , but with many of the ceremonial functions of the president . 
  even if you accept that as a reliable source of information , it really does n't refute the claim at hand . 
  its main point seems , to me , to be that more money does not * equal * a winning campaign . 
  it relies on other things , including how well the money is spent . 
  it 's actually perhaps worse than what happened in 2000 with bush . 
  bush got in with a plurality of the popular vote , and did not get a majority . 
  that 's because , in part , of the left-wing vote being split between gore and nader . 
  because the election was extremely close , gore lost the election . 
  if all of nader 's supporters had voted gore , he likely would have won . 
  you guys do n't have a preferential voting system , so bullshit like that can happen . 
  here , we unfortunately do n't have that excuse . 
  a majority of our population voted , and decided we wanted this idiot to lead our country . 
  so because of that , we 're going to have our emissions trading scheme repealed , we 're going to lose our much-needed upgrade to internet infrastructure , we wo n't have any chance of seeing marriage equality approved , and we 'll see further cuts to the public sector . 
  all because the majority of voters ca n't be fucked to actually research party policies and just trust the murdoch media . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  i think labor did everything they could to point out how the debt is not a bad thing , but the media would n't report on it . 
  not a holiday . 
  i had a uni exam today . 
  fuck everything about that course . 
  actually winter officially ended 8 days ago , so technically it 's spring now . 
  but yeah , australian early or late winter in most populated areas is n't that cold . 
  midsem, 
  ( we just got out of winter , so that would be unlikely . ), 
  it was a midsemester exam for the second semester . 
  electronic voting . 
  curious . 
  is the code running the machines open source ? 
  but a number of effects do alter the temperature you feel from the actual temperature . 
  humidity and wind chill , for example . 
  plus , the temperature recorded is only a standard temperature , usually taken from somewhere permanently in shade ( iirc ) . 
  if you 're in the sun , the actual temperature will be higher . 
  except most of the world does n't use a bizarro temperature system where 0 \u02da has absolutely no relevance to anything practical , and neither does \u2206 1 \u02da . 
  you can distinguish quite easily from context . 
  30 is in sydney , where celsius is most common , and you can , and 110 is in the us , where fahrenheit is used . 
  also the fact that 30 is an exceptionally low temperature if you were to assume it was fahrenheit , and 110 is just stupid hot in celsius . 
  labor did n't lose a single seat in queensland . 
  this despite polls suggesting they might lose every seat but griffith . 
  i 'd call that good news . 
  it institutionalises parties . 
  mmp is an awful system . 
  we need proportional representation , but that is not the way to go about it , stv is . 
  merge current electorates into groups of 3 -- 5 , with 3 -- 5 reps from each . 
  proportional representation without the need to institutionalise parties or change the system too much . 
  hey man i did my job . 
  swan retained his seat despite his relation to gillard . 
  it 's actually quite common at uq , and even more so for mid sems , since they do n't have time off , so it either has to be during normal class time or on saturday . 
  but i agree , complete bullshit . 
  they missed out the * entirety * of northern ireland , except for a tiny sliver in the north-east corner . 
  my opinion on olympic sports is that any sport in the olympics should hold the olympics as the highest honour in that sport . 
  so for example athletics and swimming clearly belong , but imo tennis ( where wimbledon or the other opens are the highest achievement ) or baseball ( where it is the so-called ` world ' series ) do not . 
  which would be awesome . 
  have it coincide with the cherry blossoms !, 
  indeed , much better choice than the next games in rio . 
  how the fuck do the two biggest world sporting events not communicate and decide it 's a good idea to get the same city to host said events in the same year . 
  stupid . 
  49/50 states is a much larger fraction than 3/4 sub-countries . 
  i would call 3/4 a large amount , but going so far as to say `` almost all '' is a bit of a stretch . 
  no i completely agree , that 's why i 'm complaining . 
  it 's utter insanity that they would be made host city of both events in just two years . 
  i suppose it 's lucky that soccer and olympics are on alternating cycles of four years . 
  it would be even worse if they happened in on the same cycle . 
  any minister can come from either the house of reps or the senate . 
  we saw that , for example , with conroy previously being the minister for communications under the gillard government . 
  there 's no reason the prime minister ( and similarly , the leader of the opposition ) is any different from that , in practice . 
  so yes , she could technically be opposition leader . 
  it has , in fact , happened that we 've had pms come from the senate before . 
  however , in that case , they moved and ran in a safe reps seat at the next election . 
  it can happen , but it just does n't fit with the tradition of politics in australia , or in fact in the westminster system in general . 
  [ this page ] ( http://www.weneedthenbn.com/2013/09/coalition-victory-doesnt-signal-the-end-of-the-nbn/ ) is , at least according to what i 've read in / r/australia and / r/australianpolitics , wrong . 
  unfortunately , because of the way nbnco is set up , the government is able to simply change it . 
  they do n't need an act of parliament in order to do it . 
  so the only thing you can really do is try and convince the liberal party that they 're making a mistake . 
  donkey votes are actually counted as formal votes . 
  a donkey vote is actually a type of formal vote , where you just number the candidates in order on the ballot sheet . 
  so people doing this actually do have their votes counted . 
  i 'm fairly sure that 's not true , and was something spread by the lnp in order to convince people to vote for them . 
  yeah , my biology teacher pointed out that the reason for the myth of heart being on the left side is that the left ventricle is larger and sticks out more than the right ventricle , so there 's a slight imbalance towards the left , but on the whole it 's actually in the centre . 
  my understanding was that it 's mainly because of a few people that get into accidents , because accidents are more likely for lefties . 
  that drives down the mean age for lefties , however if you exclude those accidents , the mean age is not significantly different . 
  never seen a scholarly source for it , though . 
  i 'd probably try to include some mention of how in the long run , labor 's nbn is actually cheaper , due to lower maintenance costs and less need to gradually upgrade over time ( which costs more than doing it all at once ) . 
  yeah , r and l are next to each other on the dvorak simplified keyboard .
