  half ? 
  i doubt it . 
  the average age of redditors is something like 25 or so , if i remember correctly . 
  i 'm 19 and definitely used floppies in early primary school . 
  still , you probably were n't far off it ; i 'd assume the median age on reddit is lower than the mean age , and there would be some people my age or older who have n't used them for whatever reason . 
  my understanding is that it 's region-free , so it would work totally fine . 
  however not being a console gamer , i 'm not certain about that . 
  fairly sure he was making a joke there ... 
   i know dick smith is not well liked, 
  because eb * is * ? 
  what 's wrong with calling them sprinkles ? 
  that 's what i always called them growing up . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  parties exist for a reason . 
  they are n't something that somebody just suddenly said `` oo , we should make a political group , and call it a party '' . 
  they originate from people with similar views grouping together and agreeing to work together to forward their common goals . 
  now , i agree that the extent of party discipline in australia is too far , and sometimes mps should be allowed to ` cross the floor ' , but removing parties entirely just is n't logical . 
  they occur naturally as a result of practicalities in getting legislation through at a reasonable pace . 
  people often make those arguments , but they simply are n't accurate . 
  once you take tax and exchange rates into account ( the $ 100 price of a game in australia is inclusive of gst , where in america the tax has to be added on to the advertised price ) , there is still a large gap in the cost of games and software . 
  people often try to argue from the standpoint of `` minimum wage '' , but that is completely irrelevant to the pricing of what is essentially a luxury item anyway . 
  you seem to imply that hotels having wifi is no longer an issue . 
  i do n't know about where you travel , but i have n't been to a place yet where places were virtually guaranteed to have wifi . 
  oh thank christ for that . 
  i was feeling dizzy looking at op 's picture ... 
  i 'm curious , have you looked into the pirate party ? 
  despite the somewhat unfortunate name , they have policies that you are likely to agree with strongly , if you currently like labor and greens . 
  i 've got a txt file summarising their views that i made when i was going through their policies myself . 
  i could share it if you like . 
  oh of course . 
  fairy bread is the name of the final recipe . 
  i do n't think any australian would debate that . 
  it 's just the name of the key ingredient that there seems to be disagreement over . 
  i wish , just * once * you guys could do maintenance during us peak usage times so those in other parts of the world ( from europe to the asia-pacific ) would n't have to be the ones dealing with it . 
  ah yay , someone who knows the political compass . 
  ok so they do n't have many issues on very many economic issues , but here 's a few :, 
  * reducing hecs fees at universities, 
  * support fttp nbn, 
  * tax-free threshold for micro-businesses, 
  * increase tax-free income threshold to the level of the poverty line, 
  * close loopholes for high earners, 
  * remove religious exemptions ( `` supernatural beliefs should be irrelevant for taxpayers in a secular society '' ), 
  so basically , i 'd say on the left-right axis , they 're probably sitting somewhere slightly left , maybe -1 or -2 ish . 
  ( -10 being the bound ) . 
  yeah same here . 
  i 'm extremely disappointed in the pirate party 's preferences ( especially after the australian democrats debacle , having preferenced them second here in qld ... urgh ) , but the method that they did it -- by publicly asking their members and then being completely up front with how they took that and made preference deals -- is absolutely incredible . 
  considering what their platform is based on , it 's disappointing that wikileaks did n't have a similarly open method . 
  cartellieri . 
  i 've come across him on my local radio station a few times , and i absolutely love his [ clarinet concerto no. 3 in e-flat major ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afj_yt2mod8 ) , as well as his [ clarinet concerto no. 1 in b-flat major ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiakqrfn9i8 ) . 
  what the hell is the point of gold , anyway , really ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://imgur.com/ziv0nxm ) another one , from the inside of a courier mail , showing a pro-liberal story directly across from an anti-labor one . 
  who is he ? 
  haha thanks . 
  i now have him res tagged accordingly . 
  side note , i love that the article substitutes '' [ does anyone else ] '' for ( what i assume was ) dae . 
  what 's the longest viola joke there is ? 
  harold in italy . 
  ( but seriously , amazing piece ! ), 
  ~ ~ ( p -  q ) --  ( ~ p -  ~ q ) ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ your statement in the form of logical symbols . 
  unfortunately , it is n't a valid argument ( from a mathematical/logical perspective ) . ~ ~, 
  ignore me . 
  i 'm dumb . 
  urgh dammit . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  my bad - . -, 
  it 's worse for me . 
  i 'm currently taking a discrete maths course at uni . 
  try / r/australia for more respondents . 
   and will be less likely to gut social services such as health and education funding, 
  i mean , you 're right in general , but i 'm * pissed * at them for cutting university funding . 
  especially when roughly the same amount as the cut is being spent in * private * schools . 
  no , that 's not what they said . 
  they said that marriage equality will happen sooner or later anyway , so for them it 's not an issue . 
  they said both parties have shit refugee policies , so it 's not affecting their vote either . 
  the nbn is most important issue for this person . 
  i 'm curious , if they supported the nbn , would that not put them on more or less equal grounds with labor ? 
  based on your comment , that would seem to be the case . 
  so what is it that makes you hard-pressed not to vote for them if they switched to the same policy as labor ? 
  it 's a real shame this deal did n't last . 
  kogan mobile was an incredible offer , and i very nearly went with them when i got my new phone back in january . 
  i 'm glad that i did n't in the end , because at the time vaya was offering a better service . 
  but the kogan service seemed to be a very good one , and it 's sad to see it go . 
  yeah but drop box makes it really easy to get a heap more space . 
  i 've currently got 9.38 gb of space in it . 
  much more than is possible in google drive . 
  ( btw , ryukabc might be spamming , but copy really is great . 
  i 've got 40 gb right now , completely free , thanks to referrals being worth 5 gb each and starting with 15 gb . 
  if you 're interested in trying it out i can give you my link if you want . ), 
  no , i never said or implied that to be the case . 
  ouch . 
  i know it 's always popular to criticise the local education system , but that 's really unfair . 
  we are among the best education systems in the world , and the ins and outs of the current political climate * should n't * be taught to most university students anyway . 
  only those studying a relevant degree . 
  this is how runescape does it -- or at least it did back when i played . 
  they had a f2p version which was brilliant , and then a $ 5/month fee to be come a member and get access to more stuff . 
  it hooks you in for ages ( a casual gamer can easily go a year without feeling too restricted ) , but eventually you got ta pay up if you want to keep expanding . 
  even better would be if you can get as much as possible up before classes . 
  i love being able to bring slides in with me ( or pull them up on my laptop/tablet ) and go through at the same time . 
  my uni has a centralised system for doing this ( blackboard ) which is extremely convenient , but if yours does n't then setting it up yourself is a brilliant idea and i 'm sure students will thank you for it .
