  secondary click is a click with two fingers , and if you want you can assign the lower left or right corner to also be secondary click , but it 's a real pain compared to just a two finger click ( the area is small enough that it 's annoying when you want to use it , but large enough that you can easily accidentally click there when you want a primary click ) . 
  on actual physical mouses , i 'm completely comfortable using it in a righthanded way . 
  13 featured articles and 4 good articles ? 
  and you consider yourself an intermediate wikipedia editor ? 
  well fuck ... i feel really small now . 
  * your * concept of rights . 
  positive rights * are * rights , whether you like to admit it or not . 
  the distinction between them really is n't all that significant anyway , and i 've only ever seen it be made by libertarians trying to nitpick away the rights to education and decent living standards . 
  haha this is something i definitely do like about libertarians . 
  not an official thing , just something i 've found tends to be the case . 
  so many of them are really willing to respect other people 's viewpoints and leave it at that ( but certainly not all , you 've got your fair share of douches like any group ) . 
  if you 're interested , not too long after i first started learning about libertarians i went [ to r/libertarian to learn more ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/10es82/some_questions_about_libertarian_policies/ ) and it turned into some really interesting debates ( only one or two douches reared their heads , too , which was nice ) . 
  when i went in all i knew was that they had some awesome social policies ( drugs and marriage ) , and had some vague ideas about how they did n't like healthcare or education . 
  why did i not read this before actually doing the translation myself ... and thanks , i did n't know what 00101101 or 00101110 were . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  in this case you 're referring only to natural rights , and completely ignoring the existence of civil ( or legal ) rights . 
  edit : i chose to ignore that fallacious statement about political science . 
  the facebook and no computer seems fine to me , mobile facebook is now more popular than computer anyway , i think . 
  ( someone correct me if i 'm wrong about that . ), 
  but phone dead for a week ? 
  yeah there 're problems there . 
  i 'm not a teacher , but my parents are and as such i hang with teachers a lot . 
  teachers are hugely into gossip . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i ca n't vouch for anything after the second sentence , but at the very least the second sentence is correct . 
  teachers gossip a lot . 
  about each other , about the admins , about students . 
  everything, 
  1 , first movement . 
  ( the very opening ), 
  brahms clarinet quintet ( that 's a clarinet + string quartet ), 
  sing , sing , sing ( and indeed anything benny goodman ), 
  2 , 3rd movement, 
  rachmaninoff piano concerto no . 
  2 , 3rd movement, 
  the list of suggested videos on the side is based not only on the current video but also on your own history of videos watched , liked , favourited , etc. 
  oooh , another one i forgot , grieg piano concerto , first movement , although that 's a pretty brief one . 
  let me preface this by saying i do n't know the intricacies of the situation . 
  it seems to me that his `` defense '' is actually a very good one . 
  from what i can gather , he already owned the domain , and it would seem that for whatever reason cyanogenmod was using his domain , i 'm not sure how this was ( an agreement between them , something shady , or what ) . 
  then he decided to pull the rug out from under them , which , if he owned the domain , he was absolutely entitled to do . 
  i suspect my understanding is probably wrong , but i do n't know why , so i would be very grateful if someone could explain it to me . 
  i only know of him because of avatar . 
  shittest movie adaption of a tv show ever . 
  i usually go with composer , but it 's really not clear . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  he had brass , why could n't he also have put `` classical strings '' and `` classical woodwind '' , or words to that effect ? 
  i really like it !, 
  that horn solo at the beginning was absolutely stunning !, 
  by the way , is this written for your fiance 's birthday ? 
  because the main motif seems to be derived from the happy birthday song , but that could just be a coincidence . 
  edit : i will put the rest of my feedback directly into soundcloud : same username . 
  ah ok , that would explain what all the rage is about . 
  i 'm still not sure it 's * all * entirely warranted , but it definitely was a douche move on his part . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i know it 's clich\u00e9d and \u00fcber famous , but it 's just awesome and i love it . 
  other favourites include symphonie fantastique , dvorak no. 9 , mahler 1 , beethovens 3 , 7 , and 9 . 
  yeah it 's a fairly recent change and they did it quietly . 
  i subscribe to their blog and i do n't even remember seeing it mentioned there . 
  right , that 's what they called the film . 
  not mentioning `` avatar '' in the title , probably to avoid confusion with cameron 's film the year previous . 
  the show 's official name was `` avatar : the last airbender '' , but was more commonly known simply as avatar . 
  ( in fact , according to wikipedia the show in europe was known as avatar : the legend of aang ) . 
  what is it with the numbers 5 and 9 ? 
   do n't choose a piece by how difficult it is . 
  i agree completely . 
  i never pick a piece of music to show off . 
  i 'll pick a piece that i like , listen to it paying particular attention to the difficulty , and only if i believe it too hard will the difficulty of the piece play a part . 
  if i like it , even if it 's super easy , i 'm going to play it . 
  i know that 's not exactly what you were saying through the rest of your comment , but with the exception of performing for competition ( which this appears * not * to be ) i do n't think technical difficulty should be a major part of your consideration . 
  haha ok , do n't worry if you 've accidentally borrowed material . 
  i once copied the theme of a piece i had n't even heard before in an amazingly uncanny way . 
  make sure you let us know how she likes it !, 
  many here have probably seen this , but for those that have n't , susan cain also has [ an amazing ted talk about the power of introverts ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0kyu2j0tm4 ), 
  how is it even legal for them to not allow unions ? 
  what a shitty practice from wallmart , and ehat shitty workers ' rights you have in the states . 
  asked my sister , too , and yes for her . 
  i 've always loved ravel 's orchestration , but you 've made me want to go take another look at a piano version . 
  do you have a favourite version that i can find on youtube ? 
  source ? 
  i really want this to be true . 
  ah that 's good enough for me . 
  do the italics on wonderful imply he said it in an overly-enthusiastic way , or in a sarcastic way ? 
  i prefer the han solo approach . 
  this would explain the smell . 
   anyway , the salary caps are there to serve the owners business interests, 
  that may or may not be a side effect of it , but the * reason * for it is to prevent the situation you see in soccer where you can predict at the start of each year with a very high probability of being right that the winner will be 1 of 4 teams , out of a total of over 20 teams . 
  you have to go back to 94-95 before a team other than one of the manchesters , chelsea , or arsenal won . 
  contrast this to australia 's nrl , where in the last 10 years have seen 7 different winners ( 8 if you choose not to discount melbourne , who had their titles removed because of breaking the salary cap ) . 
  your point about multiple leagues in europe is absolutely correct , and unfortunately this is the one real reason against implementing a salary cap if it can not be coordinated between all the different leagues . 
  `` my solution '' is to implement a salary cap to keep it fair between all the teams by ensuring that they all spend the same amount on players to * avoid * the exact problem you 've just described . 
  they get investment and * then * they win ? 
  how on earth is that fair ? 
  when all teams have the same cap it ensures that it wo n't necessarily be the team that 's able to attract the most money that will win . 
  liverpool has n't won the premier league in the time i specified . 
  they are the team i was leaving out . 
  as for your maintaining that the purpose of a salary cap is to get more money for business people , it 's utter bullshit i only image arises from a complete emotional disagreement with salary caps . 
  but to help , try reading the introduction of [ this ] ( http://www.isu.uzh.ch/static/isu_wps/102_isu_full.pdf ) , as well as [ this one ] ( http://www.isu.uzh.ch/static/isu_wps/72_isu_full.pdf ) , which does include a small reference that suggests some people agree with your belief , before moving right on to say, 
   the stated rationale for salary caps focuses on two main objectives : increasing competitive balance and maintaining financial stability . 
  the concern for competitive balance describes on of the most important peculiarities of professional team sports : it is a widened belief that a certain degree of uncertainty about the outcome is necessary to ensure an entertaining competition .
