  1 is just plain wrong . 
  when we are homebrewing new content , it ** needs ** to be good , full stop . 
  that includes being well balanced in conjunction with all existing official material . 
  if allowing multiclassing & mdash ; a rule that is `` variant '' in name only , and only so that beginner dms do n't feel obligated to include it & mdash ; makes something unbalanced , then that thing is unbalanced . 
  multiclassing * is * a standard right that most people expect to have access to . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
  you 've already been warned many times about flairing your posts . 
  the only reason i 'm not removing this one entirely is because of the time i had already spent responding to it myself before noticing it was unflaired . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i guess i may have been a little too quick on this one . 
  anyway , this post was n't removed , so it 's not too much of an issue . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  wait , this is actually you ? 
  i found your channel through this subreddit , but i had no idea it was you posting your own stuff . 
  figured it was just another one of your fans . 
  thanks so much for making these !, 
  they 're so great . 
  i 'm also kinda just curious about this . 
  what did most people do during school holidays when they were kids ? 
  my parents were both teachers , so school holidays for me meant they were also on holiday . 
  but what do normal people do ? 
  did you not need daycare or something ? 
  yeah sorry buddy , i got no ideas . 
  that 's why i said i was curious !, 
   i bring up that we do n't have any official classes or archetypes that use hit dice as a non-healing resource whenever i see another `` blood magic '' or `` blood drinker '' or `` life essence '' subclass that uses that very mechanic -- and i do it because there 's , in my opinion as well as wotc 's opinion , good reason that they should n't . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't really agree with this at all . 
  i think it 's something that needs to be designed with care , and it 's not something that a beginner player should be playing because it 's a difficult thing to play well . 
  but i think it 's a very interesting design space that could be used well , especially for a blood magic type character . 
   there 's not enough upvotes being thrown around in the comments on this subreddit . 
  seriously . 
  it 's not about about internet points , but it 's about really distinguishing the better contributions to someone 's homebrew . 
  upvotes help the visibility of useful critique and serve as feedback for the homebrewer on which critiques have the most consensus, 
  hear , hear !, 
  but also , upvotes on quality content . 
  too often it 's the jokey stuff that gets to the top , not the good stuff that people have put time and thought into . 
  my rule of thumb for posts is that i upvote it if i like the * concept * , regardless of implementation . 
  i also upvote despite the concept if it 's a particularly well-created post . 
  and also just providing feedback in general . 
  far too many posts have too few comments on them . 
  even a simple `` i really like this '' is worth so much more than an upvote could ever be . 
  but if you only have a couple of vague ideas for more constructive feedback , please give it !, 
  some vague ideas are worth a thousand times more than just saying `` it 's good '' or `` it 's bad '' , and are infinitely more valuable than silence . 
  be prepared to enter into a dialogue with the creator and help them arrive at something more specific , but there 's nothing wrong with it starting out as nothing more than `` i think this ability might be too strong '' . 
   it is * invariably * the jokey stuff that gets to the top . 
  any post with more than 100 upvotes , i know before reading the title that it 's a joke post . 
  i 'm fine with jokes being up there , but i never see non-jokes get that popular . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  of the top 10 posts of all time , only 2 are joke posts . 
  a further 3 are related to wizards material ( namely , codex arcana and a list of all official player options ) . 
  the remaining 5 are all just very good homebrew options . 
  large scale compendia , for the most part . 
  eww , you 're having battered fish ? 
  crumbed is so superior . 
  it definitely is * possible * to win these . 
  i 've got a cousin ( a bit of a twat really ) who got off for some kind of traffic offense ( i think it was speeding ) even when he knew he was guilty . 
  i do n't know how he did it , and i do n't think your chances are very good , especially if you have priors . 
  but it is n't completely impossible . 
  i find the fact that they 're trying to advertise this metro thing as a special completely different thing to be rather ... grating . 
  it 's just buses . 
  nothing wrong with new buses , but just call a spade a spade . 
  that never should 've been given . 
  clearly knocked on and/or stripped by the panther guy . 
   but fuck the knights, 
  serious question . 
  how come ? 
  they 've always seemed a proper respectful team to me . 
  probably my favourite team from nsw . 
  he 's in florida . 
  it 's math over there . 
  it 's a children 's show . 
  they should be showing them wearing helmets even if it is n't the law , because it 's just good fucking common sense . 
  do you wan na come and grab 'em for me ? 
  is n't ginger beer more popular here , and basically sits in the same market ? 
  i do n't really know . 
  i do n't drink either . 
  i 'm sorry you guys do n't have wendy 's . 
  the ice cream and sundaes place , not the burger one . 
  you hate the team because your team lost to them once in a grand final ? 
  ( edit : and two decades ago , to boot . ),
