  likely 192.168.1 . x , where x is probably greater than or equal to 2 . 
  the definition of a mass shooting is four or more killed by gun , not including the shooter . 
  in the 20 years since the new laws were implemented , there 's only been one that could even potentially meet that definition , the hunt family murders in 2014 , which saw 5 deaths . 
  but even that only * technically * meets the definition , since it was a murder-suicide of the man 's own family , rather than what we typically think of as a mass shooting . 
  could also be 192.168.0 . x , or 192.168.2 . x , or a huge number of other possibilities . 
  i just went with the most common one set up by default in consumer routers . 
  i 'll briefly comment on the layout and graphical design . 
  it 's subpar . 
  weirdly large paragraph breaks , ugly headers , and pictures that awkwardly melt into the background , rather than being nicely blended . 
  the basic class features , proficiencies , equipment , etc. 
  are fine . 
  wizards has been very particular in noting that favoured enemy is meant to be a non-combat feature , and i think that 's for the best , at least in its own right . 
  it 's far too situational a feature . 
  if you 're in a campaign where nearly every enemy is your favoured enemy , it could easily be too powerful , but if you rarely encounter them , it 's basically useless . 
  the way you 've got it at the moment is not too bad , as the damage comes in at a late level and it is n't a lot ( though it * is * certainly a heap if used on the attack roll ) -- possibly too much , if the favoured enemy is common enough . 
  natural healing is a pretty interesting feature . 
  the fact that it applies specifically to short rest healing is a good touch , as personally i imagine short rest healing as being a time when salves and bandages are applied , and that 's the sort of thing a ranger should be good at . 
  fighting styles are good , though i think it should also get dueling , just like in the phb . 
  the spellcasting is * mostly * okay as-is , although i 'll get to my one major issue with that in a bit . 
  i rather like primal instincts not requiring a spell slot . 
  it 's such a minor feature that having it cost is n't really fair . 
  primeval awareness lacks a duration . 
  gut feeling and feral sense are interesting abilities , though i feel like feral sense being negated by blinding does n't entirely make sense -- the target is invisible anyway , so presumably the ranger is using other senses to perceive them . 
  asi and extra attack are fine . 
  skirmisher 's stealth is a very interesting feature , and does a great job to enforce the theme that a ranger should have . 
  in fact , this is one of the best features this ranger has , in my opinion . 
  land 's stride and hide in plain sight are okay . 
  a little dull , but they 're okay . 
  this foe slayer is a much better one than the phb 's foe slayer . 
  hunter 's prey , defensive tactics , and superior hunter 's defence are all fine . 
  putting exceptional training in under its own heading separate from how one obtains and determines the stats of the companion was a masterful decision . 
  it makes things much clearer and easier to follow . 
  and it 's a relatively well thought-out feature . 
  allowing both you and the companion to make full attack actions in a turn ( as i know some have suggested ) would be too much in my opinion . 
  i like that you 've brought shared spell to a much earlier level , but i do n't like the fact that it no longer has a range restriction . 
  it could now work even if you were sent to the hells and your pet remains in the material plane , which does n't make sense . 
  30 feet made sense , but so would 60 . 
  i do n't think it should be unlimited , though . 
  on the sidebars , i really like the one about ` levelling up ' a beast master 's companion . 
  a wolf could , for example , eventually become a worg ( in stats , but not flavour ) , and then a dire wolf , all while keeping the same pet . 
  i * do n't * like the 2d6 hit dice option . 
  it 's a clearly superior option , but one that does n't make sense in terms of flavour . 
  if you were to make it 1d6 +1 d4 per level instead , that * might * be reasonable . 
  a lot more bookkeeping for a small amount more average hit points and a substantial amount more health regained on short rests , compared to 1d10 . 
  my problem with this is simple . 
  it feels lacking flavour . 
  when i think ranger , i think aragorn or faramir from lord of the rings , will from ranger 's apprentice , or the night 's watch from a song of ice and fire . 
  and i do n't get that impression from this . 
  it feels like it 's lacking a raison d'\u00eatre . 
  the beastmaster has some pretty nice flavour , but the hunter honestly just feels like a variant fighter , apart from maybe one or two features , and the access to spells . 
  this version is * so close * . 
  it 's probably the best there 's been thus far , in my opinion , but it 's still a little lacking . 
  a definitive unifying class feature like the paladin 's smite ( plus the other `` smite '' spells ) , the rogue 's sneak attack , or the warlock 's eldritch blast ( plus its synergies like agonising and repelling blasts ) . 
  favoured enemy , unfortunately , ca n't be this feature because of how situational it is . 
  i 've said many times before how i think hunter 's mark could be this feature , so i wo n't tire everyone by repeating it , but whatever it is , the class needs * something * to unify it and give it a strong mechanical purpose . 
  this does better than other versions , but it still does n't quite manage that goal . 
  a weird little bit of formatting , the black spot next to `` the '' in the title , above the `` j '' of ninja . 
  the rest of the art and visual layout is fantastic , as always . 
  the ki point progression checks out , but i , too , am not a fan of your ki save dc . 
  i get what you 're trying to do , and it 's a great idea . 
  i almost hope we see wizards come out with something that breaks the mould a little like this does . 
  it even feels to me like it makes more sense in this case , flavour-wise . 
  however , in the absence of something like that , i do n't think you should be the first . 
  to do a bit of maths , at level 3 , an arcane trickster will be dc 10 + int , probably 11 or 12 , * maybe * 13 . 
  at level 5 , they 're likely to have a dc 12-15 . 
  but it depends on how much they choose to emphasise their int . 
  this will have , with no expense , 11 at 3rd level and 12 at 5th . 
  below is a table demonstrating expected dcs by level , noting that i 'm being rather generous at the high end of secondary stat scores , especially earlier on . 
  level | secondary stat score | at dc | ninja dc, 
  as you can see , it is , without any investment on the part of the rogue , equivalent to about the middle of the feasible range for the normal system . 
  this frees them up to use another stat as their secondary one . 
  you could end up with a rogue that has very high dex and con , for example , with low wisdom , despite flavour-wise being based on the monk , which should have high wis. 
  they 're getting great save dcs without needing to trade off for something else at all . 
  and it 's not like they desperately need that , either . 
  the rogue is already one of the * least * mad classes out there . 
  assassins , thieves , and even to some extent swashbucklers and masterminds can * very * feasibly be built with nothing but dex particularly high . 
  the initial ki options are pretty great , though i would suggest one slight tweak to feathery tread : have them fall immediately if they end their turn on water . 
  i do n't feel like it makes sense flavour-wise , and it could be a little too easily abused in my opinion . 
  i 'm also not a fan of the idea of being able to run something like 600 feet over water ( one minute worth of dashing makes 30 ft. \\* two movements \\* 10 rounds ) . 
  60 feet is more than enough . 
  in terms of layout , i personally prefer when the minor almost rote class options , such as bonus proficiencies , are put * before * the meat . 
  most , if not all , of the options in the books work this way . 
  the level 9 ki options are also great , though the wording of mastery of form is a little unnecessary . 
  it 's a concentration spell , so only one effect is every possible anyway . 
  i 'm also curious , how exactly does stutter step work in-universe . 
  personally , i 'm imagining it a bit like the shadow monk 's teleportation ability , but that makes me think it should only be possible in darkness , which this obviously is n't . 
  i 'm not intimately familiar with how ki work , but personally , one of the level 13 abilities feels a little cheap for what you get . 
  only 3 ki to get free of any restraints , magical or otherwise ? 
  eyes of the sight is great as-is , though unless you intend for it to use the concentration mechanic , another word might be appropriate . 
  ( i would also avoid `` focus '' , due to its use by the mystic , though focus is certainly better than concentrate . ), 
  step upon air is great , though you missed a great opportunity to revive the term `` double jump '' :p veil of death is great , too . 
  deathblow is awesome . 
  that is all . 
  overall i like this quite a lot . 
  a couple of bits of mechanical wonkiness , but nothing major , and it certainly has a strong flavour to it . 
  indeed i did . 
  i just did n't bother specifying that part . 
  it was one of many bits of specification i could have included , but chose not to for the sake of brevity . 
  i spent way too long staring at the weird split zebra crossing before i scrolled down and saw the path bending around the tree . 
  i still do n't really understand where the title comes from , though .
