  it 's just that they 're noted differently to make it easier to roll percentiles . 
  true , but each spell does a total of 3d4 +3 damage ( as a first level spell slot ) . 
  it 's just that you can split it up among different targets if you want . 
   i told her to tell the attendant and captain to report it to the police so they will be waiting when we land . 
  she told me she could n't . 
  i asked her again and again why but she would n't tell me . 
  i could be wrong , and i really hope someone will correct me if i am , but i very much doubt that they really could n't . 
  more likely they just do n't want to run the business risk that could come from bad pr if they did . 
  or maybe even the risk of libel charges or whatever . 
  i might suggest that were this to happen again ( or to anyone else ) , it might be a good idea to report it yourself . 
  obviously unlike the airline , you would n't have the name of the offending party , but you could at least report the incident to police along with the flight number and seat . 
  perhaps they could subpoena the name of the passenger or something . 
  probably a long shot , though , but better than nothing . 
  they would * never * get congress to approve that . 
  far too many would vote down anything that even might harm `` gun rights '' just a tiny bit on sight . 
  and more still would refuse to vote for anything than involves spending money ( even for public good ) . 
   the few french guys i 've known probably would have said this not in a joking manner , but more of a fact . 
  that 's what 's funny about it . 
  it 's observational humour . 
  virtually * any * audience is too smart for that to be safe . 
  it does n't require everyone to be smart , just a handful of people . 
   not everyone is excited about the wild mage , thus leaving some players with only the dragon sorcerer as an option . 
  that astonishes me . 
  when i was reading through the book , the wild mage * immediately * jumped out to me as being the obvious choice . 
  why would anyone * not * go with it , i thought . 
  ( i mean , obviously aside from if you have a specific reason to want dragon stuff in your backstory . ), 
  but it was interesting to see i 'm apparently in the minority there . 
   it 's no coincidence that we showed off a favored soul option for the sorcerer in unearthed arcana . 
  i think it 's really cool to see how candid they 're being with us . 
  i mean , we all knew this , but to actually specifically see them tell us as much is really awesome . 
   plus , we have another sorcerer option on tap for that article series . 
  oooooh very excited . 
  any speculation as to what it might be ? 
   tell me , outside of the player 's handbook , how much paid content is currently published for 5e by wotc ... in case you did n't know , the answer is nothing, 
  well , this obviously not what you actually meant , but it is n't nothing . 
  there are two race options ( one a sub-race , one a full race ) and two class options ( buth archetypes ) available in the dmg . 
  but this is just nitpicking . 
  your main point is still absolutely correct . 
   not everyone is excited about the wild mage , thus leaving some players with only the dragon sorcerer as an option . 
  that astonishes me . 
  when i was reading through the book , the wild mage * immediately * jumped out to me as being the obvious choice . 
  why would anyone * not * go with it , i thought . 
  ( i mean , obviously aside from if you have a specific reason to want dragon stuff in your backstory . ), 
  but it was interesting to see i 'm apparently in the minority there . 
   it 's no coincidence that we showed off a favored soul option for the sorcerer in unearthed arcana . 
  i think it 's really cool to see how candid they 're being with us . 
  i mean , we all knew this , but to actually specifically see them tell us as much is really awesome . 
   plus , we have another sorcerer option on tap for that article series . 
  oooooh very excited . 
  any speculation as to what it might be ? 
  oh that 's a good one !, 
  it being pronounced differently , i never would have thought of it !, 
  seriously , the very start of both of this week 's arrowverse shows was fucking amazing . 
  between the flash being `` a founding member of ... '' , and the new arrow intro --, 
  just wow . 
  ^ ( * oh and the desire to destroy your entire city * ), 
  it 's because the first backslash acts as an escape character . 
  basically , it tells the comment parser to treat the following character as literally what it looks like . 
  useful when you want to \\* surround a word with asterisks \\* without it being interpreted as italic . 
  reddit 's parser also treats words surrounded by underscores as italic . 
  so what you need is a second backslash to tell the parser `` this backslash is literally a backslash '' . 
  thus :, 
  becomes, 
  but note that here , the underscores have disappeared , because they 've made what 's between them appear italic . 
  so you need to also escape the underscores :, 
  becomes, 
  the first backslash escapes the second one , so that it appears as a literal backslash . 
  the third one escapes the first underscore so it appears as a literal underscore . 
  the fourth one is n't strictly necessary ( since a single underscore will always be displayed as an underscore and never interpreted as the syntax for italic ) , but is useful to keep there just in case you have another one somewhere in your comment . 
  it escapes the second underscore so that it will always be displayed as an underscore . 
  i have to say , i 'm feeling very * whelmed * by the idea of someone 's rogative . 
   nobody expects you mud folks to understand our complicated ideals and ethics, 
  what the fuck , dude ? 
  i was with you up until there . 
  you do n't fight evil opinions with racism . 
  that 's just not fucking cool . 
  musically speaking , beethoven was a bridge . 
  his symphony no. 3 `` eroica '' ( 1804 ) is often considered the first piece of romantic period music . 
  he had a number of earlier works of great importance ( piano sonatas nos . 
  8 and 14 `` path\u00e9tique '' and `` moonlight '' spring to mind ) , though in fairness the majority of what he 's famous for ( symphonies 3 , 5 , 6 , 9 , piano concertos 4 , 5 , piano sonatas 23 `` appassionata '' , 29 `` hammerklavier '' , as well as the middle and late string quartets ) came after . 
  his orchestra was relatively small . 
  sure , he added a third horn ( symphony no. 3 ) , and was the first to popularise the use of trombone and piccolo ( symphony no. 5 ) , but there was n't the same immense expansion of the whole orchestra , or very much use of enormous variety of percussion , that we see of later romantic era composers . 
  his actual style of composing is one that 's very expressive , but at the same time a lot more constrained than later romantics like mahler or wagner . 
  but in terms of the nomenclature used by the general public , all of this is moot . 
  the current usage of the term `` classical music '' generally refers to all music from at least the baroque period to the end of the romantic period , and probably also a good deal of renaissance music and 20th century art music , as well . 
  it 's only really among musicians that the term `` classical '' ( i like to differentiate the two by using a capital c for this and a lower case one for the general term ) refers to music between the death of bach and beethoven 's eroica . 
  dude ca n't even spell atheist correctly . 
  no way . 
  black and white is * classy * . 
  can communicate with other class members , participate in class discussions , etc. 
  if you were to do it with video cameras , you 'd need to have them in every single classroom at the uni . 
  that 's probably a lot more of them than the * maybe * a dozen or so ( and even that 's probably a stretch ) that you 'd need for giving each student who uses one a moving thing like this . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced it 's actually a good idea , but i would n't dismiss it off-hand . 
   it would be akin to op being romantically interested in a 9-yr old . 
  for the same reason that 50 and 57 makes much less of a difference than 23 and 15 , 15 and 9 is much more significant than 23 and 15 . 
  i tend to see the significance of each year as an exponential graph ( with a negative coefficient of x ) . 
  the significance of each year decreases by multiplying by some factor each year , rather than adding some factor . 
  not that it can really be quantified in that way , it 's more just a vague concept of how i view things . 
  i agree that qr codes for monetary transfers is a terrible idea , but i find them really useful for general purposes . 
  i 've seen ads on billboards use them , as well as signs at museums , and just random bits of information around the place .
