  for recommended purchases the aggregate rating is actually more prominent than the price . 
  steam does n't have anything like that . 
  regarding the ratings thing , a while back youtube did a study of how their ratings were used ( back when they had a 5 star system ) and they found that the vast majority of ratings were 5 star , before a dramatic drop off to 4 , 3 , and 2 star ratings , and a slight pick up on 1 star ratings . 
  basically , people were only giving 5 and 1 stars . 
  that 's the reason they chose to move to a thumbs up/down model , and i think it makes sense other places like steam using that . 
  [ [ source ] ( http://youtube-global.blogspot.com/2009/09/five-stars-dominate-ratings.html ) ], 
  unlike on amazon , steam does n't give you an obvious aggregate rating right in your face with a quick link to jump you straight to the reviews . 
  it 's definitely something that occurred to me when i was reading the zone chat threads over the weekend . 
  people asking things like `` dps looking for ... '' or things like that made me really worry about people essentially being required to have certain builds in order to get into groups . 
  i do n't know all these fancy terms . 
  i just take my character and put stats in whatever i think will help me the most , usually without thinking about how it 'll interact with groups . 
  i do n't want that to mean i ca n't get involved in the multiplayer ... 
  sorry , no . 
  mac and windows can interact with each other , but ps4 is on its own megaserver , and xbox will also be on its own server . 
   we 'll be able to use the same characters, 
  oh awesome !, 
  the zone chat was saying they probably would n't !, 
  i 'm not looking forward to having to start from scratch when the game comes out ( if i decide to get it ... still undecided ) . 
   go get me x number of y, 
  while there definitely was some of this , it felt really different to me than it did in other games i 've played . 
  it seemed to have a lot less grind , like if you need to get 10 of an item dropped by spiders , you 'd generally only need to kill 10 spiders in this game , whereas it 'd be more like 50 in other games . 
  better than that , though , most of the time it was n't even about getting drops from mobs , it was a slight variation on that theme ( like being asked to capture and release the soul of a spirit a few times ) . 
  buyer 's remorse is actually pretty much the opposite thing . 
  it 's thinking you 've made a * bad * decision shortly after buying something . 
  this is a different but obviously related psychological phenomenon . 
  haha yeah , i got heavily into it when a bunch of my friends did at the same time . 
  i stayed in flyff for ages after i stopped playing with them , but i eventually got bored and stopped . 
  tried getting back into it a little while back , but just could n't . 
  i 've found it 's generally much harder to get into an mmo without having friends you know playing it to start out with . 
  which is actually one thing that i really liked about eso . 
  i managed to go three days of solid playing not knowing a single person , and still really enjoyed it . 
  have to say , looking back on it , flyff was unbearably grindy . 
  got ta kill like 80 bangs to get just 15 golden wings . 
  but damn if i did n't love it at the time . 
  at least we do n't know when it happens exactly . 
  that 's a plus . 
  the generally agreed method is that when a hole is discovered , you approach the company privately first , give them a chance to patch it , and if they do n't , force their hand by making it public . 
  in this case , i 'd say it 's acceptable , since the hole was probably already very publicly known , even if the precise methods were n't quite so readily available . 
  i never got involved in the guild system , but how does it work ? 
  would n't it be necessary to have separate guilds for each of the alliances ? 
   should be a must, 
  sorry , i just found this amusing . 
  you could try your local city subreddit , although chances are low that you 'll find many people . 
  personally i feel as though the person posting the link should do that . 
  i know when i 'm posting mobile links i always try to . 
  it 's not all that hard . 
  oh awesome that 's nothing worth worrying about , then . 
  thanks . 
  it makes a lot of assumptions . 
  the price of subscriptions staying the same , the exchange rate staying the same , it ignores any other related costs like hardware and connection . 
  i 'm staying on campus at my university . 
  500 mb of updates is a bit steep , but certainly not unmanageable . 
  standard web pages are n't really a problem either , they 're generally negligible in size . 
  the biggest problem is large downloads and video watching ( discounting youtube , since google sites do n't count against the limit ) . 
  thanks for the info . 
  yeah i 'm from brisbane which is one of their main territories . 
  they 're scary and if you get bitten it 'll definitely hurt , but they are n't aggressive like funnel-webs , nor is their venom as dangerous . 
  [ they actually have significantly more population in a few cities ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:redback_spider_records_map.png ) , specifically brisbane , perth , sydney , and melbourne . 
  but south east queensland and south west wa seem to me to be the most densely populated areas , just based on that map . 
  i believe williams holds the most of any living person . 
  perhaps something slightly more interesting , although not surprising if you follow film music even a little bit . 
  john williams holds the record for the most nominations by any living person . 
  even more interesting , the holder of the most * wins * by any living person is also a composer . 
  alan menken has won eight competitive academy awards , although they were actually only in four films : two wins each . 
  ( i 'm assuming best original score and best original song , since they were all disney films . ), 
  not true , he 's had heaps of nominations ( the most of any living person ) but only five wins . 
  most wins of any living person goes to alan menken , who won eight . 
  he 's also a composer , most notably in many disney films . 
  he did only win in 4 separate films , though . 
  two each film , i 'm assuming one for best original score and one for best original song . 
  i 'm assuming his role was mainly as director , maybe screenwriter . 
  an interesting hypothetical , but you do realise that the myth about disney bring cryogenically frozen is , well , a myth , right ? 
  nope , it 's just 10 a month at any time . 
  honestly last year i never ran into it . 
  youtube and abc iview ( the abc 's catch-up service ) are both off quota , and the only thing that ever took me close to the limit other than that was torrenting . 
  i expected it to be much more of an issue than it actually was . 
  the wikipedia page i got that from specifically called them * competitive * academy awards . 
  i 'm not really sure what that means , but that 's probably why they put menken there rather than muren . 
  no , it really , really does * not * show that . 
  eight and a half . 
  never heard of that special achievement one before , but it seems perfectly reasonable to exclude that one in trying to compare people . 
  my favourite emote was probably / horn , although it was kinda disappointing that other players could n't hear it like they could with the musical instruments . 
  yeah that would be awesome . 
  i 'm not absolutely sure if horn does n't play for others , i did n't see many other people doing it , but the one or two times i did see it i did n't notice the sound playing . 
  do n't get me wrong , they 're definitely very good books . 
  it 's just that they have so much hype about how amazing they are , and i do n't feel that they live up to that . 
  how does researching traits actually work ? 
  in the last beta it said i could research 1 trait ( i think it was in woodworking ) but i do n't know what i did to be able to research it , and i could n't actually figure out how to research it . 
  it still seemed to be redded out . 
  possibly related , how do you gain the ability to use other materials , for example different stones for the armour/weapons of different cultures , or using better wood than maple . 
  ooo i like that term . 
  soft locked . 
  i got ta be honest , i like soft locking as an idea . 
  it makes sense to me that as you get to a higher level , you are able to go to more and more areas , instead of having pretty much the entire world available to you at the beginning . 
  it 's something that made me do a bit of a double-take in skyrim . 
  i was initially avoiding leaving the whiterun area for fear of getting killed , and i was kinda surprised and off-put when i realised you could go anywhere immediately . 
  it 's also obviously better than hard-locking areas , which is what eso does at low levels ( with coldharbour and the starter island ) . 
  that makes no sense . 
  it 's purely a matter of opinion here . 
  you do n't get to claim that i 'm just wrong .
