  on a more serious note : a storm of swords , to whom would you recommend that book ? 
  perhaps it 's because what 's popular to younger ages is more concentrated ? 
  that would mean the popularity of books targeted at older audiences would be more diluted , resulting in less total sales . 
  just a thought . 
  thanks for that information !, 
  that explains the situation . 
  cool , thanks . 
  i 'll definitely check it out . 
  and yeah , i kinda agree with harry potter . 
  it was ( with the exception of snape , who 's probably the best character , and maybe dumbledore ) pretty black and white : good guys and bad guys , with not all that much depth in the characters . 
  then again , lotr taken without the rest of the lore is much the same . 
  on the other hand , one has n't * really * studied french until they 've studied le petit prince . 
  it 's pretty much required reading for all that study french as a second language . 
  i imagine almost every french child probably reads it , too . 
  actually , somehow , the other ones seem not to have reliable sales figures . 
  a quick ctrl/cmd + f for `` rowling '' shows the rest of the books in a section , along with twilight , for books that may have made the list but which have unreliable data . 
  no , but nor was there any claim that it was . 
  it just shows that it 's more popular , which may or may not be because of its content . 
  i 'm more annoyed about the fact that this was n't already known ... 
  i always assumed it was common knowledge for those even vaguely interested in ancient egypt . 
  whoa , how does that work !, 
  can you remind me what that joke made much later is ? 
  i agree . 
  you look at the probenders using their kickboxing style , and see how quickly they `` run out of juice '' compared to the classical style benders of the original show . 
  where is this list . . ? 
  they are n't caused by this , they are real tattoos that are only given when the bender has reached a master level of air bending . 
  it could have moments where avatar roku appears , he just would n't be the focus . 
  what about 4 hours ? 
  someone suggested splitting each book into two , for a total of 6 movies . 
  it 's not that they call each other sweetie , it 's that they do it * every * . 
  * single * . 
  * time * . 
  they talk to each other . 
  we do n't know what would happen if the avatar really did lose their bending permanently ( although i , like most people , suspect that this is n't really what amon is doing ) . 
  maybe if it happened , the avatar cycle would be ended . 
  the episode you speak of is the storm , and the other young airbenders do n't have tattoos . 
  i started it , but had to give up , because i did n't have enough time to read frequently , and it was too difficult to follow under those circumstances . 
  i absolutely loved the start of it , though . 
  i 'll finish it in a few months once i 'm done with ib . 
  somewhere in the series they mention that aang is the youngest master airbender . 
  in order to be classified a master airbender one must master the 36 airbending tiers , or by creating a new move ( counting as one extra tier ) . 
  aang had mastered 35 tiers , and created the air scooter . 
  the avatar wiki has pages on [ airbending ] ( http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/airbending#spirituality_and_airbending ) and [ aang ] ( http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/aang ) which should help clarify . 
  you bet i 'd be interested in seeing it !, 
  ah yeah , i remember now !, 
  thanks, 
  ah of course , you 're right . 
  the ice burg through my time scale off . 
  iroh would have to be 160 ( in the series ) to have been alive at the start of the war , let alone 12 years before that ( which would make him only an infant at the time roku died ) . 
  yeah , he went through them all in one episode . 
  s02e19 , `` the guru '' . 
  he stopped at the last one because he could n't let go of katara . 
  in the following episode , the finale of season 2 , he manages to let go in order to go into the avatar state , but gets shot by azula with lightning . 
  i agree , any link between ulfric and hitler is flimsy at best . 
  if they 're irish , it 's all cool , as long as they [ do n't stop part way ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=phf9-bn8i4u#t=200s ) . 
  especially [ if they 're irish ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=phf9-bn8i4u#t=200s ) . 
  i would n't even go so far as to say the stormcloaks are nord supremacists . 
  there leader , ulfric , certainly is , but i do n't think everyone necessarily shares that extreme view . 
  it 's more about avoiding the control of the empire . 
  i can definitely see the comparison between the thalmor and the nazis , though , although i do n't think it was ( as some people , including the op , have suggested ) a deliberate allegory, 
  hahaha , but it was totally worth it , i 'm sure !, 
  hahaha , if you watch the whole thing ( which i would recommend , it 's absolutely brilliant ) he explains at the beginning why she 's there . 
  she has a few funny moments , too . 
  22nd here , too . 
  french b ? 
  wow dude , what subjects do you take that allow you to finish so early !? 
  the earliest finishers in my school are around the 15th or 16th , i think . 
  this had a strong bias towards american comedy , which , as an australian , i just do n't find very funny . 
  it would have been nice if it included some eddie izzard ( british comedian ) or adam hills ( australian ) , or the like . 
  as it was , i rated all of them , in terms of how funny i found them , negative or strongly negative . 
  if you 're able to upgrade to sibelius 7 , that would be a great way to do it . 
  http://youtube.com/orchestrationonline has some great reviews of its sound sets , and they really do seem amazing . 
  there 're sure to be better , but sib7 has the advantage of being built right in to sibelius : no need for external plugins . 
  if the bot is correct , why would n't you just go the extra < 400m to make it a marathon ? 
  got ta be honest , when i gave sib7 a go i did n't like the ribbon either . 
  i imagine it would just take some time to get used to , though . 
  i only really used it a couple of times within one week . 
  on windows it has a big advantage with the search feature , although mac has always had that ( through os x 's menu search ) . 
  i * immediately loved * the ribbon when it came to office , so the fact that i did n't like it in sibelius probably counts for something . 
  the other thing to note is that the sounds are very heavy . 
  if you have n't got a strong computer it will absolutely tank . 
  ( i 'd say minimum 4 gb ram , but probably even more than that , and a good i5 or i7 processor . ), 
  ooh , what school-based syllabus do you do ? 
  an exam on sunday !? 
  wow , is that a school-based syllabus ? 
  what 's the subject ? 
  i 've got quite a few days with only one or no exams , not to mention nearly a week gap between physics and french b. 
  good luck with those !, 
  ( it 's cool to see another music student ! ), 
  oh , i laughed a little at them , but not enough to say that i would say they deserve to go past the bottom two rankings . 
  opinion ? 
  that 's definitely going to be me worst bit of the course :\\, 
  still , i like them as musical pieces , if i just had to listen to them . 
  what 'd you get ( before moderation , of course ) for your ia , and did you do `` creating '' , or one of the performings ? 
  the ibo does n't have an arabic course ? 
  that seems odd , i would have thought it would have more speakers than vietnamese , and there are people doing vietnamese a1 at my school , and i 'm fairly confident that it 's not a school-based syllabus ... 
  divide by 0.9 . 
  i dunno who/which one he was , all i know is that i did n't find these extracts very funny . 
  in their defense , it 's much harder to find it funny with only a short extract : no build up . 
  ah yeah , i just find it weird that ibo does n't have its own course for that,
