  fair enough . 
  everyone has their own taste , i guess . 
  because green and gold . 
  maybe ? 
  sad but true . 
  i 'd say the us is worse , but we 're quickly catching up . 
  i would n't say ban all facebook posts , but this one is terrible . 
  * the * grocery store ? 
  i 'm sorry , what happened to woolworths ? 
  thank you , someone who actually answered the question . 
  [ not everyone should be expected to know everything that you know . 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/1053/ ) ( that 's not at you samwisely , it 's at all the people downvoting or berating custerc for not knowing . ), 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard an actual person call it suncorp before . 
  ( meaning not including media professionals and the like . ), 
  it 's always been lang park to everyone i 've met . 
  but daaamn , that sounds really cool . 
  i 've never been close to the field of any game ... 
  / r/thelastairbender uses nsfw * exclusively * to mean spoilers ( actual nsfw is not allowed ) , and yet people still complain about this ... 
  damn , wicked seats at the origin game !, 
  jeez , this case is particularly bad . 
  you do n't have to be a genius to know that matamata , new zealand , is not a major city , and that the set of the shire is not even located in the city itself . 
  one does not simply stumble upon something like this . 
  edit : sorry for the accidental meme ... 
  you do n't `` casually stumble '' upon a place like that . 
  sure , it 's possible , if you were on a trip where you make all your own transport , but in this case i do n't think that 's what 's happened . 
  i really do n't understand why 999 ( uk ) and 000 ( australia ) were chosen as emergency numbers . 
  they must have taken so long to dial in the event of an actual emergency , on a rotary phone . 
  in the uk they introduced the emergency number in 1937 , and australia 's started in 1961 . 
  what are your hobbies now , and what were they before ? 
  are there any hobbies that you wanted to take up before but you did n't have the money , if so , did you take them up when you got the chance , and if not why not ? 
  only way this would be better is if he played strummed chords on the sforzandos , they way they are now they do n't really stand out much . 
  otherwise , wow !, 
  awesome !, 
  people may not have seen the edit since they loaded the page before you made the edit , but did n't see your comment until until the edit was made . 
  i also read that cracked article . 
  i actually used some of its other points for my theory of knowledge essay . 
  brilliant article . 
  i thought the same thing when i was about 8 . 
  but not about the us , just countries in general . 
  i thought you had to have a visa card to enter countries . 
  double meaning ? 
  i did the [ isidewith ] ( http://www.isidewith.com/ ) survey ( thanks killahgrag ) . 
  i do actually agree very much with the sort of environmentally-friendly policies that the greens are likely to advocate ( i 'm not from the us , and did n't even know the us had a major-ish green party until taking this , so i do n't know their policies ) , but i actually found myself to be closest with them on many other issues , too . 
  you could support the greens because they 're socially progressive , but have more left-wing views on economics stuff than the libertarian party or the democrats . 
  edit : disclaimer , because i do n't know their policies , literally everything i know about the us green party is from that one questionnaire 's results , so this could be somewhat off . 
  well duh , their parents will push it on them . 
  i think he was imitating republicans more than criticising anyone , either . 
  one billion watts . 
  or one billion joules per second . 
  but it 's a hard g , not the soft g ( j ) he uses in the film . 
  biduleman 's comment is good , but if for whatever reason it does n't work append * - site : thepiratebay.se * to the end of your search , if tpb is down at that time and you do n't want to see its results . 
  oh thanks , it 's been a while since i 've seen the film . 
  but according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giga-#pronunciation ) , the soft g pronunciation is only preferred in the us , and the dictionary in os x ( `` new oxford american dictionary '' ) puts the hard g first , and then appends the soft g option at the end , although no specific preferred pronunciation is mentioned . 
  yeah , that makes a heap of sense . 
  yeah i did misunderstand you at first , but then i realised and ninja-edited `` if tpb is down at that time and you do n't want to see its results '' into it . 
  the instructions at the top are far too small , and the very bottom line is partly covered by the top of the frame that the questions are in . 
  i did n't read it until after i had finished the first page of questions . 
  it turned out i was following the instructions anyway , but many people may not have . 
  if people are actually supposed to read it , i think it should be placed more prominently . 
  i know i always read the instructions in surveys if i 'm given a whole page and have to click agree . 
  still , good survey otherwise . 
  i am not from the us , so i said unaffiliated for political affiliation , although i would have an affiliation if i were from the us ( i think , i 'm not sure about how the system works ) . 
  i hope this is correct . 
  since there are 7 billion people , he could turn around and give the bottom 3 billion $ 2 each , and still be $ 1 billion ahead !, 
  that 's the one !, 
  thanks !, 
  is n't across the pond usually used to refer to england ? 
  i 'm aussie , but have never heard us called `` across the pond '' in relation to the us before . 
  you only have $ 7 ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i do n't understand what you mean by `` most people want to archive it '' , or why it would be the death of private trackers . 
  i just assumed that that was deliberate , like the psychology of it is meant to play a part . 
  ah , apparently it can mean anywhere across the atlantic ocean , although usually is between canada or america and the uk . 
  source : http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/across_the_pond, 
  that makes a bit more sense , but i still do n't fully understand . 
  why is it that if people do n't archive ( i.e. , they delete their movies etc. 
  when they 're done with them ) , then that implies the seeding ratio is above 1 ? 
  and what does any of this have to do with trackers being killed by it ? 
  you can disable them from the settings in youtube . 
  no need for an extension . 
  `` someday the & # 39 ; in popular culture & # 39 ; section will have its own article with an & # 39 ; in popular culture & # 39 ; section . 
  it will reference this title-text referencing it , and the blogosphere will implode . '', 
  capital ? 
  i thought new zealand was the little island at the bottom . 
  i 've found that `` aussi '' in french is different enough to `` aussie '' in english that after the first maybe week that i learnt that word i 've never really thought of it like that . 
  a failed practice surgery , where you used yourself as the subject . 
  just curious , where would you place yourself ( or , even better , where did [ the test ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/test ) place you ) on the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) ? 
  no , and nor should it be . 
  it 's hardly, 
  different from cutting the hands of a thief/pickpocket , a practice that we realised was horrible hundreds of years ago . 
  edit : and * nor * , not and * not * . 
  i think it was really meant to be taken by high school students , but i doubt that studying time would not be included . 
  yeah , he should 've put percentage , and people can work out what their percentage is in their system . 
  alphabetical systems i 'm sure could be converted easily enough , as could systems with lower numbers being the better result . 
   it should definitely be offered to the offender as a type of plea deal or to reduce their sentence, 
  yeah , i 'll agree with that . 
  i do n't think i could ever support it as a sentence , but if it 's optional as part of some plea then it makes lots of sense . 
  this stops here . 
  i 've been to plenty since i was very young , so i ca n't give my first one , but i 'll give my recent favourite . 
  the local amateur choir and orchestra ( which i have played with in the past , and will be playing with again this christmas ) did the mozart requiem , as well as a few other less interesting pieces .
