  if move further than that , without taking the disengage action ( even if you stay within their reach ) , then you * do * provoke them . 
  res could , in theory , automatically press the `` yes '' button when presented with the `` are you over eighteen and willing to see adult content ? '', 
  page . 
  not sure it 's something that res * should * do , but i do n't see why it could n't , in theory . 
   5 sqrt ( 2 ) , which is a bit less than 7.5, 
  quite a bit less , actually . 
  it would be far closer to use 7.0 . 
  to three decimal places , it 's 7.071 . 
  yeah i know , that 's why i said `` things like '' . 
  the same point , unfortunately , still applies . 
  in most cases games just do n't give you the option to change it . 
  my german 's not great . 
  fixed . 
  yes , which is why being able to slide one square makes sense ( and why would n't you , in 5e , be able to slide a single square * backwards * for the same reason ? ) . 
  but moving much further than that just seems ridiculous . 
  what the hell does duel-wielder mean ? 
  assuming it 's not a typo ( in which case , please do explain the difference between dual-wielder and two-weapon-fighting , because those sound like they should be interchangeable ) , it seems like a * really * terrible way of referring to someone who wields their weapon in a manner similar to a duelist might ( for example , a fighter who took the `` dueling '' fighting style ) . 
  ah right . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  i currently have 270 `` friends '' on facebook , and every single one of them i have met in real life . 
  that said , many of them i rarely , if every , interact with either in real life or on facebook . 
  the reason i added them was because i was in a situation where their being able to contact me quickly , or i them , could be beneficial . 
  for example , during high school , i had nearly everyone who shared any classes with me , or who i did any activities with . 
  so that i could contact them about these things if need be . 
  a couple of months after i finished high school , i culled my friends list to only contain the people that i actually did interact with . 
  i 'm in a similar situation right now with university/college , and once i graduate that , i 'll cull it down again . 
  i 've added anyone who i 've ever worked on a group project with , as well as a few others that i 've been in the same class as . 
  i also stayed at a residential college for the previous two years , and probably added the vast majority of people staying there . 
  i could cull that group now , since i 'm not returning this year , but i ca n't really be bothered , so i 'm gon na wait until i graduate uni as a whole before i do that . 
  a big part of the reason that this is feasible is that facebook is significantly different from twitter . 
  just because you 're friends with someone , does n't mean you 're going to see what they post . 
  facebook works out who you actually frequently interact with * on * facebook , and will show you their stuff . 
  so those acquaintences that i worked with once back in first year , but never talked to since ? 
  i 'm still `` friends '' with them on facebook , but i have n't seen any of their stuff posted in ages . 
  so staying friends with them for now does n't really matter , because it has no effect on me . 
   amazing how few policies they got away with . 
  they do say that oppositions do n't win elections , governments lose them . 
  that * really * seems to be the case here , even more so than the last federal election . 
  hey , thanks for all the help . 
  someone else found the solution in the thread i posted on / r/linux4noobs . 
  hey thanks !, 
  i did n't see this comment in time , but someone in the other thread i posted ( on / r/linux4noobs ) also suggested removing ` splash quiet ` . 
  that is what did the job . 
   the problem is that prescriptivism and descriptivism exist within completely different fields and functions , there is no middle group because they are n't comparable . 
  oh god , thank you . 
  these linguistinazis always talk about it as if you have to make a choice , either you are a benevolent descriptivist , or you are an evil prescriptivist . 
  for christ 's sake , the two are completely * unrelated * !, 
  i can simultaneously say `` a lot of people use the phrase ` could care less ' '' , whilst simultaneously claiming that '' ` could care less ' makes no sense , and nobody * should * use it ' . '', 
  [ i asked this not long ago and got an answer i thought was really good ] ( / r/dnd/comments / 2u6rfb/skills _ with_different_abilities_5e / co5p55k ) . 
   wis ( perception ) is * looklooklook * `` ah hah , i see the outline of the trapdoor hidden under a carpet '', 
   int ( investigation ) is * thinkthinkthink * `` we know the villain came in here , and is n't capable of teleporting , there 's not enough space between the walls to fit any sort of passage , and there 's no more floors above this one , so there must be a trap door somewhere in the floor , and he did n't have enough time to move anything heavy , and that pile of coins would have made a lot of noise if it was under there , so the only place left for it to be concealed is of course under this rug . '', 
  * whips rug aside and astounds watson * . 
  the storage is an hdd , not any sort of solid state . 
  i 'm curious , why would a more up-to-date os be helpful ? 
  and i managed to get it installed just fine , there was no need to do anything with the uefi . 
  one thing you can do is take an enemy that 's about the difficulty you want from the mm , even if it does n't fit the theme , and use its mechanics , but refluff them to be something that fits better . 
  is this actually your screenshot ? 
  how 'd you get the windows logo and system tray to look like that ? 
  i really like the design . 
  ( and what does the `` 2 '' represent ? ), 
  huh , this is very curious . 
  it 's displaying large for me in firefox on ubuntu , firefox on os x , and chrome on android , but tiny in chrome on os x. 
  really weird . 
  regarding 3 , what if he has a spell prepared as a wizard spell , and also knows it as a sorcerer spell ? 
  it certainly seems like a weird decision to make , but if he does , would he then choose whether to use int ( as a wizard spell ) or cha ( as a sorcerer spell ) ? 
  do character voices . 
  the absolutely fantastic dnd/roleplaying podcast '' [ critical success ] ( http://peachesandhotsauce.com/category/podcasts/critical-success ) '' has a particularly good episode on voices . 
   when someone goes to break down a door ... they get only one shot at it, 
  this is not good advice . 
  you were right that rolling should have consequence , however , you should achieve this by * not making players roll at all * for things for which there is no consequence of failure . 
  if they are running down a hall with a giant stone rolling after them , and the rogue tries to pick the lock on the door , or the barbarian tries to break it open , make them roll . 
  maybe they have enough time for three chances , but no more . 
  if they succeed , they escape to safety , if they fail , they get crushed by the rock . 
  or in another situation , maybe there are enemies behind the door . 
  if he breaks it down first go , the players surprise them . 
  if he fails to break it down the first time , let him try again , but they 'll no longer have the advantage of surprise . 
  if there 's no reason that they need to hurry inside , and there 's no other consequence of failure , you should let them automatically succeed . 
  but do n't alter the circumstances ex post facto just because the first roll was a low one . 
  how do you get it into `` windows 8 mode '' ? 
  is that a metro app , or the standard `` desktop '' version of chrome with a special setting ? 
   when you score a critical hit , you get to roll extra dice for the attack 's damage against the target . 
  roll all of the attack 's damage dice twice and add them together . 
  then add any relevant modifiers as normal . 
  to speed up play , you can roll all the damage dice at once . 
   for example , if you score a critical hit with a dagger , roll 2d4 for the damage , rather than 1d4 , and then add your relevant ability modifier . 
  ** if the attack involves other damage dice , such as from the rogue 's sneak attack feature , you roll those dice twice as well . 
  emphasis mine . 
  yeah this sounds pretty spot on to me . 
  no , java is strongly typed . 
  you have to tell it that what you give it is a string , or an int , or a float , or whatever . 
  and it wo n't convert things unless specifically told to . 
  you 're exactly right . 
  the only similarity between java and js is that both use use a form of c syntax ( but so do many other languages , including -- obviously -- c and c++ ) . 
  beyond that , there 's virtually no similarities . 
  just curious , how * have * you been doing opportunity attacks ? 
  edit : oh , and yeah , i totally agree with you regarding the next video . 
  spell attacks and different saving throws are something i 'd definitely like to see a video on . 
  i could be wrong , but from the looks of it , the reason those examples are being parsed as octal is because they 've been prefixed with ' 0 ' . 
  in the same way that hex numbers are often prefixed with ' 0x ' or ( more rarely ) ' $ ' , and binary numbers with ' 0b ' . 
  even so , this seems like * really * bad behaviour , considering how significant the ramifications of it are .
