  individual people and small groups make their money off of youtube thanks to advertising -- but at the same time , google is obviously taking a slice of that . 
  who is `` we '' in this sentence ? 
  most british people i 've met call them plasters . 
  they 're always called bandaids here in australia , though . 
  another one is panadol , which is a brand of paracetamol . 
  some people also know it as tylenol . 
  not only were the ** not ** `` urged not to fly there '' , they were specifically told that they * should * fly over that route by air traffic control ( or whatever body it is that 's in charge of that stuff ) . 
  then you 'll love [ this site ] ( http://www.loverslab.com/files/category/1-skyrim/ ) ( nsfw ) . 
  there 's only one character in the entire game that has any depth , imo , and that 's serana from the dawnguard dlc . 
  she really stood out like a sore thumb , because there 's no one else that 's even got some moderate amount of character depth behind them . 
  yes , a post on the new york times website is most certainly as compelling an no source whatsoever . 
  were you dming for grr martin and friends ? 
  ca n't you ? 
  you certainly could a few months ago . 
  i turned it off because i turn it off on most websites . 
  i prefer not preventing sites from making money . 
  i 've heard that there 's pay per view stuff , but i have literally never actually come across it , so it 's not really something that i ever consider . 
  oh interesting . 
  who are they usually from ? 
  are there many from people active in the youtube community ? 
  actually only about 50 % better . 
  quite finite . 
  film making ? 
  one thing i did was participate in the [ 48 hour film project ] ( http://48hourfilm.com/ ) which is an absolutely fantastically fun time . 
  or maybe programming , if you can find some sort of competition or event to participate in ( or if you get formal lessons in it outside of school ) . 
  so software engineers built civ ? 
  hi from software engineering . 
  harder, 
  definitely not at my uni . 
  computer science 's required courses are a near perfect subset of software engineering 's , except without some of the harder courses ( especially maths ones ) left out . 
  to be completely honest , my research when deciding which of the two to study seemed to indicate that there 's very little inherent difference between the two . 
  basically , it 's really down to the specific university what the difference between the two is . 
  remember you usually do n't need to log in at all to edit wikipedia . 
  it will just show up with your ip address . 
  i 'd say yes . 
  if we take as a premise that russia providing weapons to terrorists which lead to the downing of mh17 implies russia is at fault for that attack , then the us is also responsible for israel 's attacks on gaza . 
  now , i 'm not actually saying whether i agree with the premise or not , but if one takes the premise , then that conclusion seems to me to be the only one you can reach . 
  the topic at hand is where a bunch of people are putting their thoughts in on the talk page . 
  if a whole bunch of ips are arguing for one thing , especially in support of something someone with a username has said , then it 's likely that their voices will win out . 
  putting boots on cars ? 
  do most cars not already have boots ? 
  and even if they did n't , how would adding one help steal it ? 
  he did one a couple of weeks ago on the abc with leigh sales . 
  he got absolutely destroyed . 
  i doubt he 'll be doing one again any time soon . 
  [ this was posted not long before you posted this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dnd/comments/2c6gyl/dming_for_just_one_person_is_awesome_actually/ ) , and has someone sharing his experiences with exactly this scenario . 
  it 's called clone stamping . 
  i use a mid 2012 non-retina 15 inch macbook pro as my laptop , and a custom-built pc running windows 8.1 as my desktop . 
  hmm , of those , the only one i know is sir bearington . 
  got links to the others ? 
  ( if you do , you might want to consider also submitting them to / r/dndgreentext ), 
  personally , though , my favourite is probably [ the mechanic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mfjs5t8.jpg ) . 
  this is just ... 
  i have no words for it . 
  it 's so incredible . 
  dude 's a damn good writer , too . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  well there 's the musical starring wolverine . 
  he could have done that , had he been prepared . 
  but he would n't have known he was about to be blown up until after the explosion had already started . 
  too late to react . 
  that 's exactly what the person you replied to said . 
  i also did 5 second semester last year . 
  got a gpa that semester of 5.6 , so it worked out ok . definitely not impossible , though i would n't want to do it again if i can avoid it . 
  i also did 5 second semester last year . 
  got a gpa that semester of 5.6 , so it worked out ok . definitely not impossible , though i would n't want to do it again if i can avoid it . 
  in case your question is serious , it 's because the heavy clouds end suddenly , and the reflection is showing a part of the sky that 's clear . 
  ~ ~ 8.1 's been out for way more than 3 weeks . 
  it went general availability in october last year . ~ ~ i 'm a retard . 
  shit my bad . 
  no , you 're right . 
  i was thinking of windows 8.1 . 
  cheers , mate !, 
   those martyr 's generally died, 
  actually , by definition , one is only a martyr if they 're killed . 
  ca n't chromecast cast any tab from the chrome browser ? 
  i 'm guessing that / u/vuff was referring to streaming illegal tv or music on an illegal streaming website . 
  i share a last name with a well-known family of fictional sparkly vampires . 
  i assume you mean the immune system . 
  autoimmunity is the condition that the immune system getting pissed off at itself . 
   took a level in rouge, 
  like the makeup ? 
  i just thought i 'd pop in to say that yes , the expression generally is `` willy nilly '' , however , the origin of the phrase is `` will he , nill he '' , and so / u/redkat85 's usage is n't entirely incorrect . 
  auto means self . 
  it 's like being immune to one 's self . 
  presumably , yes . 
  yeah i found it quite a tough read , too . 
   party runs across petrified people on the way into town, 
   party told they were petrified by a medusa , when she attacked them on the road . 
   party finds medusa 's home . 
  there are no petrified people around . 
   there are , however , letters . 
   letters reveal the medusa had been writing to a man from the town . 
  she eventually revealed to him that she was a medusa . 
   the two agreed to meet . 
   party also finds a note explaining what had happened . 
   the man had arrived at her ruins at the same time as a party intending to kill her . 
  the man got to her first , but she accidentally petrified him . 
   the note also said she was leaving the ruins to find a way to cure him . 
   there was one more note .
