  it 's bullshit , in my opinion ; if you ca n't use the word of the person who created something as a guide for how to pronounce its name , what can you use ? 
  ( see the gif vs gif argument if you do n't get what i 'm on about ), 
  fine , but what if you 're in a bus , or even the passenger in a car ? 
  any chance on the stat for those that get at least 1 post or comment in the past * month * ? 
  maybe they 're deliberately doing it like this to passive-aggressively alert us to what it is they 're being forced to do ? 
  some of these are really terrifying ( nbn stuff , carbon tax stuff , indonesian president stuff ) , but some of them do seem to be taken out of context ( the homosexual statement , the old lady with health issues ) . 
  definitely nothing that was in any way positive , though . 
  can anyone provide context for the bits with abbott in parliament ? 
  what was he talking about when he got kicked out , and what was the whole thing with him and some others sprinting for the door ? 
  eh , hardly any point . 
  windows blue will be out soon , it adds a start button and allows booting straight to the desktop . 
  really ? 
  this influx is larger than the one from adviceanimals ? 
  how many new users did you get from that ? 
  just so you know , you ca n't actually give delta to the op . 
  because i have n't got a clue what he said afterwards . 
  they cut it off before we could find out what he said . 
  the very fact that he laughed implies that it could have just been a joke , based on the fact that it 's a common thing for homophobic people to feel . 
  not that that 's necessarily what actually happened . 
  based purely on what we saw in the video , we do n't know . 
  so you would have preferred it if we did n't get to see this amazing act of kindness ? 
  i find the weird chewing thing she does at 0:32 -0:33 just as funny if not funnier . 
  actually , [ australia is closer to the antipode of new york than nz is ] ( http://www.antipodr.com/?addr=new+york&amp;x=-559&amp;y=-265 ) . 
  of `` major '' cities , perth would be the furthest you could be from 9/11 in the world . 
  hey sorry to be annoying but , has vancouver ever hosted the olympics ? 
  i googled , and the best i could find was the winter olympics . 
  oh , was he talking about the winter olympics , then ? 
  hmm , thanks for the clarification . 
  i ca n't say i 've ever heard `` olympics '' by itself refer to anything other than the summer olympics before . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  at least , not always . 
  steam 's `` offline mode '' sometimes works , it sometimes does n't . 
  i ca n't say why it will or wo n't , but if i ca n't rely on offline mode to consistently open when i need it , then i ca n't rely on steam to play my games . 
  well yeah , i knew it was organised the same , i 've just always heard it as being the winter olympics , while the `` real '' olympics are the summer ones . 
  but i 'm in australia , and i 'm not even sure if we * have * a winter olympic team , so it would make sense that that would be the perspective here . 
  but thanks for the info . 
  til :d, 
  ( p.s. , exaggerating . 
  i know we have a team and even won a couple of events in vancouver ) . 
  ok genuine question . 
  why do you want the start menu specifically ? 
  with the search features in the metro ui ( by just starting to type ) , what advantage would you be getting from the actual menu ? 
  that 's exactly what i was saying . 
  i know this is n't a popular opinion , but i 've always * far * preferred the playstation controller . 
  my hands are n't small ( i can reach an interval of a 10th on the piano ) ; the asymmetry of the xbox controller just feels wrong in my hands . 
  but the inclusion of recessed analogue controllers should help prevent the issue of slipping when doing lots of circular motions . 
  the touch panel ~ ~ s ~ ~ on the front ~ ~ and back ~ ~ ( edit : thanks / u/racefreak265 ) are cool , as long as developers do n't over-use it just for the sake of using it . 
  i 'm not so sure about the l/r 1/2 buttons , though . 
  would have to feel them before making a judgement . 
  i was happy how they were before , much nicer than xbox , but these seem to be more similar to the xbox ones . 
  all just my opinion , though . 
  i ca n't speak to that issue ( especially sense i 've always far preferred the playstation controller ) , but i think for someone the likes the 360 controller more , the ps4 controller might be really appealing . 
   if it is n't broken , do n't fix it, 
  is absolutely ** shit ** advice . 
  sure , if you dislike the changes , argue against them . 
  but do it on their respective merits . 
  avoiding change just because you want to avoid change is terrible . 
  gas lamps were n't broken , horse and buggies were n't broken . 
  and yet now we use fluorescent bulbs and cars , because they 're clearly better . 
  not that i 'm saying the new controller is clearly better , just that the idea of keeping the same controller just because change is bad is terrible advice . 
  hmm , seems you may be right . 
  i was confusing rumours with actual news ... 
  edited accordingly . 
  check the edit , 
  really ? 
  what 's your range ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever come across anyone who can do more , and i 've met heaps of people who can barely do an octave . 
  yeah , that 's the worst bit of reddit 's formatting . 
  i 've seen it mess people up more than it helps . 
  it wants you to, 
  2 . make a list . 
  to stop it you need to use '' \\ '' as an escape character, 
  like this, 
  i heard about this a while ago . 
  did they take it down ? 
  the link only sends me to bing 's homepage ... 
  here three months later because this post was linked to from [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/1fxd82/google_employee_leaves_to_work_for_bing_his/ ) . 
  but it 's a relatively well-known fact in tech circles that the amount of in-fighting at microsoft is enormous . 
  it 's actually been really detrimental to their overall progress in some ways , because different divisions fight over how something can be done . 
  hmm , still does n't work for me ... 
  i actually like the way that site 's designed better than lmgtfy ... 
  it 's hip-hop-opotamus !, 
  and rhyme-nocerous . 
  i was reading them as hiph-opopotamus and rhy-menocerous . 
  thanks !, 
  oo that 's a good theory , actually . 
  not germany specifically , but probably does n't work anywhere outside of usa ( and maybe canada ) . 
  true , but he was n't far off . 
  albeit 's etymology :, 
   middle english , completely though it be , from al ( completely ) + be ( 3rd person singular present subjunctive of been to be ) + it [ edit : this was from wiktionary ], 
  more honour !, 
  edit : a more reliable source ( the oxford dictionary of english ) says :, 
   late middle english : from the phrase all be it ` although it be ( that ' ) . 
  that example is stupid , but i know australians are subject to certain laws even when overseas , too . 
  for example , laws related to sex-trafficking are still applicable to australian citizens even if the country they are does n't have laws against it . 
  i think this example makes much more sense . 
   to change my view someone will need to argue for the benefits of tipping , not simply say that the negatives do not warrant legal action . 
  you are n't just arguing that tipping as a social norm should go away , you are arguing that it should be * outlawed * . 
  those are very different things . 
  i agree that the idea of tipping being essentially `` required '' as part of the social contract ( as it is in the us ) is abhorrent , but i think outlawing it is equally bad .
