  the problem is the freeloader effect ( as well as education , since so many people do n't even believe in global warming ) . 
  people are n't going to spend their own money to fix the environment , since they figure other people will do it . 
  but because nobody will , there needs to be a government regulating the whole thing . 
  i dunno , i think defensive alliances are a great thing to have , i.e. , two countries agree if one is * attacked * the other will help out , and not necessarily if you go to war we 'll go with you . 
   also , regulations were added during the bush administration . 
  not taken away . 
  it 's not bush 's fault , it 's a much older problem . 
  the reason australia got off so lightly in the recession ( in addition to its trade with china , which played no small part ) is that after a previous recession ( i think the great depression , but i 'm not sure ) banks were highly regulated . 
   but why is this necessarily bad ? 
  does n't it matter more about the quality of life of the poor and people overall , rather than the spread of income ? 
  unless the level of government intervention in education , healthcare , etc. 
  was ridiculous ( i 'm left wing on economic issues , but the level i 'm talking about here is far beyond what i would advocate ) , the spread of income is what dictates the quality of life for people overall . 
  high income inequality means poor people have a lower quality of life than the poor people in a place with low inequality . 
  1 ) the problem with 1 is that you 're assuming ceteris paribus , which is n't the case . 
  france is in problematic economic times regardless of what they choose to do with their taxes , and north korea may or may not start opening up slightly to the outside . 
  3 ) official development assistance , including international giving through official channels that qualify as official development assistance , and national charitable giving : sweden is at the top ( in terms of % of gni ) , followed by norway , luxembourg , denmark , and the netherlands . 
  the uk is in 9th , canada in 14th , australia in 16th , and the us is 19th -- per [ this page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_governments_by_development_aid ), 
  if we take out the government , and go by [ this spreadsheet ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0aonyzs4mzlzbdhetruy3dlldzei4rnftr1a1nmpzumc&amp;hl=en#gid=0 ) ( found from [ this article ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2010/sep/08/charitable-giving-country ) ) , top charitable giving is highest in australia , new zealand , ireland , and canada , and sweden . 
  the us comes next in 6th place ( the uk is 8th ) . 
  i see no correlation between government welfare levels and charitable giving . 
  you talk about the us as being a welfare state today . 
  i do n't see this at all , it seems to be as though it is the exact opposite currently . 
  welfare in the us is abysmal compared to other countries . 
  perhaps that 's why so many people have problems with it ? 
  the only time they 've ever actually experienced it , it has n't been very good at all , so they oppose it without understanding how helpful it can be when done right . 
  4 ) that 's just a hideous ad hominem against a man that 's done a decent ( not great , but decent ) job as president . 
  not to mention , what the hell does clinton being the person chosen as secretary of state have to do with staying out of everyone else 's business ? 
  yeah , my understanding from the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) is that strictly speaking , libertarianism refers only to social policies , and not economics . 
  i was just asking about the economic side of things in the libertarian party in the us , since it seems to be right wing economics while libertarian socially . 
  i myself am libertarian socially , but far more left wing on economic issues , so i was asking for some people to try and explain the policies in a bit more depth . 
  i 've gotten some great answers , too . 
  ( just hoping they are willing to engage in conversation about it ! ), 
  i assume when you say liberalism you 're talking about the democratic party in the us ? 
  when i hear the word liberalism i think of it as it is meant in australia , which is right wing economics . 
  the social aspect of things is irrelevant . 
  ( see the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) for a better understanding . 
  the liberal party in australia happens to be authoritarian on social issues ( funny thing , those two usually go together , while libertarianism social issues usually go with left wing economics . 
  the libertarian party in the us goes against this trend which is really only a very rough trend anyway ) . 
  yeah , true that . 
  does that mean that the term fiscally responsible could be applied to a more left-wing set of economic policies ? 
  if so , i 'm less annoyed at the term being used , but then it seems like it does n't mean anything since the term could be used by anyone . 
  haha yeah . 
  it reminds me of pro-life and pro-choice , although that 's better since they at least both have their own positive names for themselves . 
  nah , did n't come off as snarky at all . 
  i agree completely . 
  he was clearly either just trolling , or very misinformed about australia . 
  he could also have been referring to that internet blacklist idea that went around a while back . 
  do you know what happened to that ? 
  i have n't heard about it sense . 
  ( i did have one aussie friend who thought that it and the nbn were linked together ... bizarrely , but that 's neither here nor there . ), 
  how ? 
  the humidifiers ? 
  if so , i 'm not sure that 's really the same thing ... 
  yeah , that 's the name i 've heard it called , too . 
  a dutch auction is a thing , but it 's a different thing . 
  oh ok , i never saw any of those when i was living there . 
  then again , i was never looking for them , either . 
  not buried , seems to have made it a fair way up . 
  come on , we have to know more !, 
  many thanks . 
  oh wow ... what a story ... 
  so sorry for the loss , and it does seem a shame that the others are n't interested in that method of getting it back . 
  good answer , but that only provides a reason for catholicism to be better than various forms of protestantism . 
  why is it more valid than other even older religions like islam , judaism , hinduism , or buddhism ? 
  absolutely true , but this still seems to me like a hasty generalisation . 
  in my experience , a better generalisation regarding corruption is how strong the economy is . 
  poorer countries tend to be more corrupt . 
  ( korea is , again , an exception to this . ), 
  perhaps your generalisation works if we first specify * in first world countries * ? 
  based on the [ corruption perception index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:world_map_index_of_perception_of_corruption_2010.svg ) ( yeah , i know , it 's perception , but i could n't find any that are only based on expert assessments . 
  this one is expert assessments as well as opinion surveys ) , the us actually is n't too bad , although i guess if we compare it to the other first world countries it does n't fair too well . 
  yes , education * is * a basic human right . 
  it might not be mentioned in the us constitution , but it is in the universal declaration of human rights . 
  article 26 , paragraph ( sorry if the word paragraph is n't the right one ) 1, 
   everyone has the right to education . 
  education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . 
  elementary education shall be compulsory . 
  technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit . 
  i do n't know what sort of info i can provide . 
  it 's just about the general perception of it . 
  people both in and out of america frequently say how bad the us 's education system is . 
  i 've never heard that about the uk , canada , or australia . 
  i 'll try and find more specific info if you can let me know what sort of info you want , though . 
  not the government * itself * , but how the government is currently operating . 
  there is plenty of government involvement in europe and australia , and they ( especially northern europe ) have great education . 
  just remember , i 'm agreeing with you about `` bloated government mismanagement '' , it 's just that i think the way to fix it is by the government being smarter about how they manage it , not stepping out entirely . 
  looks interesting , i may have to take a look at those . 
  do you know about the political compass , out of interest ? 
  if so , where are you on that ? 
  i 'm about middle down and middle left , more or less the same place as [ bart\u00f2k is on this page ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/composers ) ( though maybe slightly less left , and slightly more down ) . 
  and , since you mentioned those other things ; article 25 , paragraph 1 :, 
   everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services , and the right to security in the event of unemployment , sickness , disability , widowhood , old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control, 
  it 's not easy when you 're in the whole that they 're in now , but so many other countries can do it , i 'm sure if they really put in the effort the us could too . 
  look at europe and australia ( and probably canada , but i do n't know for certain ) , their education has a lot of government involvement , and it 's very high quality ( especially in northern europe ) . 
  you 've just completely ignored my last comment . 
  it works in other countries , why ca n't the us try and model its education system after them ? 
  and teachers are already paid too little , for such a crucial industry , removing the unions would bring some benefits , but if it meant teachers got paid less that would be a disaster . 
  you 're not even trying to act like you want an intelligent conversation now . 
  goodbye . 
  i think that prize should really go to the world bank or the imf .
