  got ta go finish my chopin liszt . 
  you believe that * anyone * who does pirate speak is retarded ? 
  how about someone who gets payed to for whatever reason ( most likely some sort of costumed job ) ? 
  or if i do it at a shop that is providing discounts on account of pirate day . 
  never mind that pirate day is stupid ( in your opinion ) , what matters is that if i play into it i can get material benefit at some places . 
  i know this is n't exactly the way you were asking for your view to be changed , but i 'd argue that if you can accept these points , that technically it has changed your view in some way . 
  jesus , i was assuming that op was using the term `` heinous crimes '' * very * loosely . 
  as in , women can use pms to get away with being complete bitches . 
  not that it can * actually be used as a legal defence * . 
  personally i do n't really care ( android user ) , but the one person who i 've discussed it with that has an iphone really liked the look of it . 
  one thing i must say , i think op 's photo is a * really * good thematic fit for ios 7 's look and feel . 
  definitely . 
  smart phones in general have pretty much hit their peak in terms of technological innovation . 
  we 're mostly getting iterative improvements now . 
  that goes for both sides of the android/ios divide . 
  and it 's why there 's a pick up in wearable computing technology ( smart watches/glasses etc. ), 
  now ; that 's where the innovation 's gone . 
  hence the name ... * lens * flare . 
  definitely hope you 're right there . 
  mac , and it was almost a bar behind . 
  yeah , i 'd probably say it did . 
  is this a wide-spread thing , or just something your school did ? 
  this is such an incredible work . 
  the first time i heard it was when i was 8 or 9 , playing the game civilisation ii : test of time . 
  this played after i completely wiped out one of the enemy civilisations . 
  the piece moved me so much that i was extremely hesitant to do it again . 
  the 5th page of [ the percussion part to berlioz 's symphonie fantastique ] ( http://conquest.imslp.info/files/imglnks/usimg/b/be/imslp38335-pmlp03653-berlioz-symfantastique.percussion.pdf ) has a lot of rests marked , although is n't completely rests -- there are a few bars of cues , and then one note played . 
  or , you know ... multiple people share the job evenly ? 
  no problem :d, 
  second question is extremely limiting , and does n't even give the option for `` other '' . 
  so yeah , i noped outta this survey pretty quickly . 
  no particular suggestions for the recording , only that this one was too slow . 
  any recording with a faster tempo would be better . 
  i personally am quite partial to karajan 's recordings , although his may be a little too fast for most . 
  bernstein 's is a really good one that is probably representative of the tempo most people expect . 
  i had my problems in chrome ( beta channel ) on os x. 
  with regards to youtube , it might be worth trying to get in touch with smalin . 
  you 're definitely not competing with what he does , but it 's a fairly similar idea and there might be a chance to get cross links in video descriptions or something like that . 
  sure , i 'll shoot you an email . 
  glad if i was able to be any help . 
  my absolute favourite instrument . 
  i first became aware of it as the [ tsungi horn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljobrm9e81y ) in avatar : the last airbender , which is actually a digitally altered duduk , but then i realised it 's actually used in a * lot * of film and tv soundtracks . 
  it just has such a lovely sound . 
  clarinetist here , i agree . 
  it has such a lovely sound when playing in a smooth emotional style ( e.g. 
  mozart 's concerto , second movement , or a clarinet arrangement of rachmaninoff 's vocalise ) , but it is also really good at a much rougher angry or heavy kind of sound . 
  and then there 's jazz . 
  unfortunately the sax mostly took over woodwind jazz after the early history of the genre , but prior to that the clarinet was the predominant wind instrument , and i think it 's an amazing instrument for that . 
  its capacity for portamentos ( slides/glissandos ) , gives it an incredible , unique sound that just goes so well in small jazz ensembles . 
  damn , i had no idea these guys were still around . 
  i loved playing democracy 2 , it was a really fun game . 
  well worth looking into artie shaw and benny goodman . 
  [ sing sing sing ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2s1i_ien6a ) ( by benny goodman ) is perhaps one of my favourite big band pieces of all time . 
  i , too , love the sound of pre-big band jazz clarinet , but i 'm afraid that i 'm not knowledgeable about it enough to be able to name any clarinets from the time , sorry . 
  perhaps / r/clarinet ? 
  you 're like cam and mitchell from modern family . 
  `` oh , we 're political now ? 
  we leave town on gay pride weekend because we do n't like the traffic . '', 
   even the most ardent believer in free markets also believes in government insofar as it represents a means to protect free markets themselves . 
  nope . 
  they 're called anarcho-capitalists , and they are absolutely fucking insane . 
  of course it 's my opinion . 
  calling anyone or anything `` fucking insane '' is always going to be opinion . 
  i just happen to believe that the vast majority of people would agree with me , because the notion that with no government society could still function is ( again , this is opinion ) ludicrous . 
  the ancap ideas for enforcers and arbiters mutually agreed upon for the enforcement of things like murder just make no sense ( to me , or to most people ) . 
  edit : and what 's that about the 2008 recession ? 
  i would say the exact opposite . 
  the us went into recession with relatively weak banking regulations , while australia -- which put stronger regulations in place after a previous recession -- survived just fine without ever having two consecutive quarters of negative growth ( the general definition of a recession ) . 
  i 'm not familiar with robber barons , and my experience with ancaps has been that they generally with make genuine claims that make no sense to outsiders . 
  poe 's law , and all that :p, 
  he means that the 80 % figure ( even if you assume it 's accurate ) is 80 % * of women in gaol * . 
  it could be that there are in fact only 10 women in gaol in pakistan , and 8 of them are there for being raped . 
  the 8 figure is obviously stupid and made up , but if the total number is actually fairly small , then 80 % of that is n't quite so bad . 
  i 'm not downvoting , but i suspect that the people who are ( or at least many of them ) probably would n't be doing it if you explained your reasoning for disliking many of the bioshock games , or at least if you were n't so arrogant in the way you stated there 's only one good one . 
  while we 're on beethoven : trio for piano , clarinet , and cello . 
  not as rare as your pick seems to be , but certainly not as popular as his symphonies and piano works ( concertos/sonatas ) , or even his string quartets . 
  ancaps believe that the free market could provide everything without any need for any government . 
  i agree , but ancaps think it could be sustained . 
  it 's korean and contains \uc0ac\ub791 , which means something to do with love . 
  that 's about all my three years in korea helped me to deduce . 
  well the term anarchy itself just means a society without government enforcement . 
  ancaps fit that definition , even if they may differ in what they believe outside of that . 
  i honestly was n't that big a fan . 
  i watched it with my parents during a spree of old films over the course of a few months , which also included casablanca , one flew over the cuckoo 's nest , and butch cassidy and the sundance kid . 
  every one of those other films i absolutely loved , but i did n't get the hype over silence of the lambs . 
  as a non american , i think the us idolises them far too much and overlooks their very real shortcomings . 
  i also think the adherence to their values and beliefs despite the amount of changes society has gone through since their time is absurd . 
  but at the same time , they also did some incredible things that are absolutely worthy of remembrance , and for these things the founding fathers should be remembered in an overall good light -- just without overlooking the bad stuff too . 
  for example , separation of church and state , and the right to freedom of speech and the press are absolutely vital concepts to modern society perhaps even more so than they were at the time . 
  fair point , but they do n't really call themselves anarchists . 
  the term for someone who follows that belief is an anarcho-capitalist . 
  i do n't think they 're being dishonest in their name at all . 
  god , i ca n't believe i 'm defending those nutters . 
  theoretically , nothing . 
  however the free market would not supply things in sufficient quantity . 
  roads are the perfect example of something that libertarians would generally agree the government should provide , that ancaps do not . 
  roads have enormous positive externalities , and this means that a free market will under supply them . 
  but far more importantly is police and court systems . 
  it simply could not work with multiple people paying for the services of an enforcement agency , which then agrees with other enforcement agencies on how to enforce rules . 
  people could never come to agreements , and that 's ignoring the fact that under this system far too many people would be left without protection at all .
