  i practically orgasm whenever i notice the duduk in something . 
  urgh i hate mechanical pencils . 
  i just do n't understand how you can use them without * breaking * all the time . 
  ( and yes , i know not to put the ` lead ' too far out . ), 
  how good is your maths ? 
  if you understand the concept of a sum to infinity , then think of gabriel 's horn as just like that . 
  when summing to infinity a geometric sequence with | r | < 1 , you get a finite result . 
  however , the number of terms n is infinite . 
  could we see the mouthpiece ? 
  we have a finite ( and measurable ) distance that we can see , yet this is infinitely long . 
  oh god fractals are just so damn cool . 
  a + - a = a, 
  a + ( - a + a ) = a + a, 
  a = 2a, 
  i * really * want to read the silmarillion and like it . 
  in fact , i absolutely * love * the first few chapters of it . 
  i think it is by far the best creation myth that i 've ever heard of ( including real religions ) . 
  but unfortunately , i just ... ca n't . 
  i do n't have a capacity for names and remembering who is who , and who did what , where , and when . 
  i was really confused watching game of thrones trying to remember who is who . 
  ( i 've read the first book , though , and found that much easier to remember , so i guess there is hope . ), 
  if i was able to read more regularly i 'm sure i could struggle through the silmarillion without too much trouble , but even then i 'm not too sure . 
  i 'm a * huge * tolkien fan , and i love learning about the world of \u00cba and all the histories and goings on in different parts of it , but getting through the silmarillion is just too difficult if you only read once a week . 
  are you really going to say that ? 
  i 'm massively left wing , but talking about pro-liberal trolls in / r/australia is ridiculous . 
  there are a few trolls , sure , but they 're quite clearly trolls . 
  what would perhaps be a better reason to stay away from here is that there is an * extremely * clear pro-labor bias ( in the two party preferred ) . 
  i 'd like to think that it is usually done in a civil and productive way , but even that sometimes is n't true . 
  my understanding of it has always been that when it originated , guitar players would be more likely to play pieces similar to what we would now call spanish guitar style , with much more complex plucking and strumming patterns in the right hand . 
  one does n't really `` play ... violin like a right-handed person '' . 
  that 's the only way violin is played . 
  it 's unfortunate , but one * has * to play it in the right handed way . 
  but yeah , most lefties have a tendency to be somewhat ambidextrous -- at least far more so than right handed people . 
  ninjaedit : changed `` you '' to `` one '' to make it clear that i 'm talking in the general case . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's being sarcastic ? 
  fair point that . 
  really ? 
  i absolutely * love * that bit . 
  perhaps not the first few chapters after the very first one , but that first chapter is incredible . 
  the description of the song of the valar , with melkor bringing in his dissonances and eru stepping in to add his own new melodies . 
  as a musician this bit is brilliant to me , and i 've long wanted to take it on as a compositional prompt , but been too worried about my own ability as a composer to live up to the epicness that i feel tolkien 's description warrants . 
  can you recommend any good ones ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure how much it would help , though . 
  having to stop and look it up regularly takes you out of the experience of reading the actual book . 
  could be worth a shot , though . 
  that 's actually a really neat idea . 
  i suppose a lot of the characters do n't matter enough that if i could just force myself to not care about them ( difficult to do , i ca n't stand not knowing things ... ) it certainly would make it a lot easier to get through the book . 
  thanks !, 
  just curious , when you say you play cricket like a righty , is that only batting , or both batting and bowling ? 
  i 'm a right-handed batsman , but i bowl and throw lefty , and i know that this is a very common thing among lefties . 
  banana boat !, 
  yeah it is , but let 's be honest , it 's a fucking weird word to look at ( let alone say ) . 
  is that legal ? 
  i get age of consent ( and think the law there is fine ) , but are there not additional clauses regarding positions of authority ? 
  you 're joking when you say `` for legal purposes '' , right ? 
  because i 'm not aware of anywhere that follows that guideline . 
  i 'm upvoting you for your rational explanation of how google works , but you are being far too critical of apple . 
  you can criticise ios for being too closed etc. 
  all you like , but the mac is an incredible platform . 
  apple laptops are nearly * universally * better than any laptop from other vendor . 
  its hardware things like the media buttons ( which are always a pain on other computers ) and the trackpad ( unbelievably good , and the only trackpad i 've ever found actually * usable * , and indeed * better than a mouse * for casual usage ) , or software things like how easy it is to \u00e1dd \u00een \u00e0cc\u00ebnts to words without needing to switch to a different keyboard and the really nice organisation features like mission control ( urgh , cringe at the name , though ) . 
  as for being locked down , unlike ios , this is ** not ** a valid criticism of mac os x. 
  in fact , since it gives you full control to the unix terminal , it is actually not horribly wrong to say it 's * more * open than windows is ( though , of course , far less than any linux distro ) . 
  you 're definitely not locked in to using apple apps , either . 
  despite this comment , i would actually consider myself a huge google fanboy , who just happens to also love macs . 
  i do n't use mail.app , address book or ical , i use gmail and google calendar , which sync nicely with my nexus 4 . 
  of course if i had an iphone ( and did n't also have a windows desktop ) , using the apple apps would work really nicely and make for an incredibly seamless experience , but it is n't hard at all to leave the apple ecosystem to get the extra functionality . 
  i also used ical for a while , before i decided to switch to google calendar for the extra syncing functionalities . 
  it was n't at all hindered by the fact that i did n't use mail.app , address book , or safari . 
  then you get to apple 's apps like their ilife and professional media software . 
  the ilife suite makes extremely high quality media production ( audio and video editing , as well as dam ) available to users in an extremely easy way . 
  the professional software ( fcp , logic , and aperture ) gives most of that same ease of use , but also the incredible power of a fully-functional * professional * level software package . 
  ( yes , fcp x was lacking a lot of important features out of the gate , but every one of them has been added in since . ), 
  regarding the ports , not having hdmi is annoying , but hardly a deal breaker . 
  about half the windows laptops i see do n't have it either . 
  apple 's new macbook pros with retina display do have a dedicated hdmi port , though . 
  otherwise , you can always buy a cheap ( ~ $ 10 ) adaptor from thunderbolt/mini-display port to hdmi . 
  mini-display seems to me a mostly pointless port , but when they changed that to thunderbolt ( a technology based on intel 's light peak , the ports for which fit the same plug as the old mini-display port ) it 's incredible . 
  you 're looking at twice the transfer speed of usb3 , with far better capacity for daisy-chaining devices , and the ability to increase speeds in the near future . 
  it 's incredibly unfortunate that it has n't seen wider adoption by hardware manufacturers ( especially of large capacity * consumer * hard drives ) . 
  as for steve jobs , i 'm sorry , but most people that actually know about computer history recognise him for what he is . 
  an * incredible * technological visionary . 
  he may have been a terrible person , and his technological skills were not the same standard as wozniak or gates , but he was still very technologically competent . 
  but even so , that was n't what he was great at . 
  he was great as a leader , guiding a team of incredible designers and engineers to create products that revolutionised markets . 
  not revolutionised * technology * per se ( very few of apple 's products were the first of their kind ) , but * markets * . 
  making things available to the public in an affordable and easy-to-use way , for more than any of its competitors . 
  compare the iphone to any smartphones that existed at the time , or go back further and see the ipod compared to other portable music devices . 
  jobs may not have been the one doing the design or programming work on those , but it was his over-zealous perfectionism that made them so good . 
  personally , the only apple product i currently use is my macbook pro . 
  i had an ipod touch 3rd gen , but by the time i got my first smartphone ( earlier this year ) i had decided that i would much prefer android . 
  i also have a desktop that runs windows , which i love having because i do a fair bit of gaming , and because i like to keep myself as knowledgeable in as much computer stuff as i can . 
  by the way , just a side note , be careful . 
  do n't capitalise mac like an acronym . 
  as a network guy , you should already know this , but mac stands for media access control . 
  mac is short for macintosh , the brand of computers sold by apple inc. 
  sorry for my somewhat incoherent ( and , in retrospect , really loooooooong ) ramblings , but i do hope the message got across . 
  i definitely do n't consider myself an apple fanboy by any stretch , i just love technology , and i get sick of the negativity often portrayed by many people who purport to be interested in technology . 
  one may also regularly find me defending windows 8 or the ribbon interface , whenever the haters around those pop up . 
  by the way , your english was absolutely fine .
