  but i spend so much time cringing at it that it 's almost hard to actually learn anything , because it does the same annoying thing as are with bizarre overacting and nonsense narrative . 
  i know adam is on record as saying he does n't like how millennials are talked down to , and how we actually crave quality content aimed at us . 
  but i find his own show , with the cutesy narrative aspect to it , is guilty of exactly that talking down . 
  i still love it , but i do wish the story side was ... less . 
  putting the cord up your shirt stops both catching on things , and cord noise , when moving around . 
  but i guess i just change devices a lot more frequently than you , because for me that is far more than a minor inconvenience . 
  at * least * half a dozen times a day of having to depair and repair with a differnt device would be infuriating . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
  feel free to ask around for ideas in the arcana forge , but all posts have to have homebrew that is at least complete in terms of material presented even if its not balanced or fleshed out . 
  this post does n't have homebrew that is fleshed out enough to be a post of its own on unearthed arcana , so i am removing it . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  also ensure that future posts comply with our post title policy . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
  what if more than one device is currently making noise ? 
  how interesting . 
  is it responsive ? 
  like , pause playback on your phone , start playback on your laptop , and a near-instantaneous switch to playing the new source ? 
  in australia we have two major tv stations which are government funded . 
  the abc gets practically all of its funding from the government ( a small amount from merchandise sales , international broadcast rights , etc. 
  ) , and the sbs gets a majority in that way , though it does have advertising as well . 
  the uk has the bbc , and i think canada 's cbc is the same . 
  i know americans ( as a whole -- obviously many individuals , and probably most individuals in this subreddit , feel differently ) hate government doing stuff for the greater good , but i thought pbs was sorta the same type of thing , just with donations taking the place of government funding . 
  is that not correct ? 
  how easily/quickly/efficiently can airpods switch between an iphone , an imac , and a macbook ? 
   choose the airpods as the audio source on your next device, 
  so you have to go into settings and change stuff around every time you 're moving between devices ? 
  that 's way less convenient that wired headphones , or the normal bluetooth ones some other users have mentioned in this thread . 
  my point was simply that there * can * exist media that is free at point of use * and * does not involve advertising , let alone `` exploiting you & your information '' . 
  i notice it on mine , but i bought flat cable earphones because not having to deal with tangled and knotted cables is worth so much more to me than avoiding a little cable noise . 
  it 's a trade-off , i guess . 
  and in macos ? 
   there 's plenty of normal people who are tired of the political spam on reddit . 
  that may be true , but perhaps more damning evidence in this case is that the guy regularly posts to the ancap subreddit . 
  those guys are full on * crazy * . 
  like literally tear down the entire government and do n't replace it with anything but private corporations crazy . 
  i thought it was brady 's home . 
  but either way , yeah , i 'd love to hear the resolution . 
  yeah so was i. 
  it was rather refreshing to read that it was n't that . 
  legally that is true . 
  but morally , if you 're crossing the road without making sure that there are no one tonne metal death machines moving at 60 km/h , who are n't expecting someone to come running out into their path , then the pedestrian clearly is also at fault . 
  i just want to point out that jaywalking is n't really a thing here . 
  pedestrians can legally cross any road at any place , as long as it is at least 20 m away from the nearest marked zebra crossing or traffic lights . 
  ( or , obviously , precisely on those marked crossings . ), 
  yes , of course they are . 
  but that does n't mean you can say the pedestrian is not at fault too , because they did something monumentally stupid . 
  no it 's fucking not . 
  if you run out in front of some cars where they have no reason to be expecting you , you absofuckinglutely take on some of the responsibility for being hit . 
  it 's fucking stupid to suggest otherwise . 
  walk across the road , away from a marked crossing , without first making sure there are no cars nearby . 
  yeah . 
  they 're definitely at fault there . 
  it 's not victim blaming to suggest that people maybe do n't step in front of a moving car . 
  portal 2 has a story that 's every bit as good as the first , if not better . 
  but imo its gameplay was lacking in comparison . 
  so just go into it with that expectation and you should be fine . 
  half life , unfortunately , has not aged well . 
  the sequel is apparently still amazing , but be prepared for the first game to not live up to the hype . 
  yeah i 'm talking generally . 
  sorry if there was confusion . 
  go on holiday to south east asia . 
  find out what dentist expats there go to . 
  go there yourself . 
  it 'll be super cheap in comparison , and because it 's an expat-used place , it 's still going to be the same quality and safety you would expect here . 
  i lived in vietnam through high school , and when i had to get my wisdom teeth out , it cost less to get * all * of them out over there than it would have cost * per tooth * here . 
  obviously it 's a lot easier to do if you live there anyway , but if you can organise the dental trip around an overseas holiday that you would have taken or wanted to take * anyway * , it should n't be too disruptive . 
  hey just a warning , your post seems to have been stopped by the reddit-wide spam filter . 
  i 've manually approved it for you , but it 's been live for nearly an hour now and nobody has seen it because of this . 
  unfortunuately the filter is opaque and we have no real way of knowing why it was blocked . 
  however , i suspect that either your alternate or dropbox links are the reason . 
  you might be better off avoiding those links in the future . 
   alt clicking the volume slider in the menu bar of macos, 
  huh . 
  til . 
  i suspect most people probably do n't know about this . 
  very cool to know though . 
  thanks . 
   cyclists need to learn when they belong on the footpath and when they belon on the road, 
  the answer to this is `` whichever has what the cyclist considers the best balance of safety , speed , and convenience '' . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively .
