  you can see a summary of australian self-defence law [ here , on wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-defence_ ( australia \\ ) ) . 
  the laws only prevent you from carrying around weapons with the * expectation * of using them as weapons . 
  you ca n't carry around a knife in public for self-defence , but if you happen to have one for honest utility purposes , the law does n't stop you from using it to defend yourself , for example . 
   image sharing services automatically strip exif data, 
  not all do . 
  imgur does , but services aimed at photographers ( like flickr ) keep it there specifically because it 's useful and interesting information for other photographers . 
   tagging so you see this :, 
  you ca n't tag more than three users in a single comment . 
  it does n't work if you do . 
   only two years off, 
  that 's 6.3 \u00d7 10 ^ 7 seconds out . 
  you need 4 * bytes * to represent the difference . 
  to be brief , online resources can a replace the need for teachers in many fields , but music is not one of them . 
  it is impossible for a learner to notice subtle imperfections in their own technique , because they do not have the skill or experience to notice them . 
  if they are n't fixed early on , they can become habits that are impossible to kill off later . 
  a good teacher will notice and correct these in the early stages . 
  a good teacher is also someone who can know what is important to learn , and at what stage . 
  learning scales and arpeggios , knowing what pieces are of an appropriate difficulty , etc. 
  are things you 're less likely to do learning pieces online . 
  it 's also important to have an experienced musician there to be able to give feedback on your playing . 
  if you 're making mistakes , they can explain various methods of practice that can lead to preventing that mistake . 
  if your performance is n't * musical * enough , they can give suggestion as to how to make it more interesting . 
  not sure , but i do n't think so . 
   that 's the spirit !, 
  ( of the internet ), 
  ftfy . 
  wtf is wrong with your clipboard that it only takes 144 characters ? 
  wages stagnating refers to real wages , which means in relation to inflation . 
  these nominal wages are only a slight increase on their real wages . 
  for formatting , races , classes , etc. 
  should start with a level two heading . 
  level 1 headings are only for things which start an entire chapter . 
  races should also begin with a quote that represents them . 
  also , you 've just got '' ** flight ** '' . 
  no description of how much flight , or any restrictions upon it or anything . 
  just the word flight . 
   anecdote . 
  put it on wikipedia . 
  you are aware of how wikipedia works , right ? 
  i 'd say he has expertise in perception and insight , but his wisdom stat is low . 
  maybe the logo they use for lang park has n't updated yet ? 
   reddit-inspired and joke content may or may not be well-received in / r/unearthedarcana, 
  urgh i wish . 
  of the top 5 posts of all time , 2 are meta , 2 are jokey ( 1 's jokey in a way that 's really actually quite cool and usable though ) , and only one is a fully serious new post . 
  the font this is being displayed in is shit . 
  good fonts make the distinction clear . 
  numbers and capital letters are slightly shorter than lower case letters with a riser . 
  i 'm also a big fan of cross bars on capital is , but that 's more of a taste thing i suppose . 
  some sans-serif fonts put the cross bars on the i. 
  like whatever chrome 's default fonts are . 
  no , the cross bar on the i is distinct from serifs . 
  no , because the cross bar on the i is distinct from the serif/sans-serif divide . 
  many sans fonts ( including whatever chrome uses by default these days ) display the cross bar on the i , because it 's more similar to hand writing , and it helps with disambiguation . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm aware . 
  but the cross-bars on the i are n't really serifs in that sense . 
  they 're a standard part of the letter . 
  i know what serifs are . 
  the cross bars on the i are not serifs any more than the bar across the top of a t is . 
  the general consensus ( i do not know if it 's been studied and proven true or not ) is that serif fonts are easier to read on paper , but sans serif fonts are easier on screens . 
  since i do n't know what scales you 're learning , i 'll give some suggestions . 
  major scales , obviously . 
  then also harmonic and melodic minors ( so there are two different minor scales for each note ) . 
  some contrary motion scales would be a good idea as well . 
  chromatic scales , including contrary motion ( particularly starting on d and ab ) . 
  for something significantly more advanced , dominant and diminished sevenths . 
  i 'd recommend taking a look at abrsm curricula for a good order in which to learn the scales . 
  learn the scales required for grade 1 first , then grade 2 , etc. 
  concentrate on quality over quantity . 
  be able to play the scales at a very consistent and fairly rapid ( but not too * fast * ) tempo and very smoothly in terms of attacks before moving on to the next grade 's scales . 
  but still , good on you for taking the initiative to actually practise scales at all !, 
  it can be hard when starting out to get the motivation to do them . 
  i do n't know why , but i really love this one . 
  governors general , too . 
  would it ? 
  why ? 
  i certainly would n't pronounce passerbies like that . 
  what , you do n't write everything in pure opcode ? 
  so what specific actions in game are likely to lead to a high tactics score , and which are likely to lead to a high strategic score ? 
   it 's an amazingly useless construction, 
  to be fair , are n't most monuments ? 
  you could say the same about the brandenburg gate , or the statue of liberty , or nelson 's column . 
  the eiffel tower at least has the advantage of providing a stunning view of the city of paris , especially le champs elys\u00e9es . 
  wait , europe still uses kcal ? 
  i though that was just an american thing . 
  we use kilojoules here in aus . 
  also , most foods contain both per serving and per 100 g nutritional values , so you know what you 're getting either way . 
  ah cool . 
  thanks . 
  congrats on getting over the fear !, 
  this comment has been removed for being unconstructive criticism . 
  you might be right . 
  but that 's no excuse for being a douchebag . 
  if they did n't decide to revert two years worth of work that had been done previously , i might . 
  but i resent the idea of shoving aside all that was worked to achieve in the early days of model australia . 
  you have been warned . 
  do not continue this behaviour . 
  careful with that . 
  all that talking might make your voice hoarse . 
  then it might gallop away from you .
