  if you really ca n't decide , or want to set an example about why you strongly dislike both parties , you are permitted to deliberately spoil you ballot ; you just have to turn up on the day . 
  ( this was n't always the case , but is now ) . 
  moses actually taught the moon waterbending . 
  it 's a little-known fact . 
  before moses , there were no tides . 
  does googling `` reddit.com : stuff '' give the same results as `` site : reddit.com stuff '' ? 
  you can think of it as an open source photoshop . 
  it 's not just that aang can bend water , but that he was initiated into the southern water tribe by sokka and katara 's father 's friend when they did the rock dodging . 
  magneto in x-men could n't do it to normal people . 
  the person in question had extra metal injected into him . 
  at least , that 's how i remember it . 
  correct . 
  the others probably do n't have his incorruptible spirit , if we accept this potential theory ( i personally doubt it ) . 
  s\u01dd\u029eo\u027e \u01dds\u01dd\u0265\u0287 \u01dd\u028co\u2138 o\u0287 u\u01dddd\u0250\u0265 i pu\u0250 , u\u0250\u0131\u2138\u0250\u0279\u0287sn \u2200 \u026f ' i, 
  oh yes . 
  i agree . 
  wan na know what 's even worse ? 
  here in vietnam i have , on multiple occasions , seen people indicate * the wrong way * . 
  i dunno if it works the same way on motorbikes . 
  personally , i think it 's just that they do n't know how it 's supposed to be done . 
  vietnamese road laws are incredibly lax . 
  i think he 's referring to the way bumi earthbended with his face when he did want to leave , as we see in one of the sozin 's comet episodes . 
  i do n't explicitly remember her doing it , although the police in legend of korra do it in the first two episodes , so it must be possible . 
  edit : could be that she could n't bend it without contact at first , because she was still getting used to detecting the `` earth '' in the metal , but after she became more experienced she can bend metal remotely . 
  no , i 'm not a native speaker . 
  in fact , i do n't know any more than a few basic phrases . 
  i think i may have been mistaken in saying the grammar is not too hard , you 're probably right . 
  i 'd rather not go about comparing vocabulary to other languages , as that makes it much more subjective , although i definitely know that similarities between languages will make it much easier to learn a new one . 
  there are , however , many borrowed words from english in korean . 
  orange , for example . 
  there are also many examples of words that , although koreans have a word for , they instead choose to use the english word ( with the korean word structure ) . 
  still , i see your point . 
  korean certainly is n't an easy language to speak and understand . 
  i 'd still put it forward as the best and easiest to read form of written language, 
  you mean sing sing sing ? 
  i absolutely love that piece of music . 
  i 'd love to play it !, 
  we nearly did ( a simplified version of ) it in my school 's jazz/big band . 
  unfortunately , the saxophones were n't good enough to play it , so we had to drop it . 
  i played in my school 's jazz band on clarinet for years before my teacher decided to get me onto alto sax . 
  usually i just played the tenor part , although sometimes i played the trumpet line . 
  i only started on alto sax after some of our previous best saxophones left the school . 
  my school 's music department was much more about inclusion and just having fun with music . 
  we also have a tuba in our jazz band . 
  ah , i 'll have to check that out !, 
  hahaha i was actually surprised when i noticed the similarities do not end at the name !, 
  this is an awesome piece !!, 
  i think i prefer the clarinet solos in this over goodman 's sing sing sing . 
  you have n't seen some of the great big bands , have you ? 
  there is no movie in ba sing se . 
  if he was talking about the cartoon , i 'm sure he would have put avatar : the last airbender . 
  it asks for income . 
  i assume this means people who live with their parents , and thus do n't have any income ca n't take it ? 
  also , `` are you in a creative field '' seems a bit unfair . 
  unless you really are only interested in people working professionally in the field , maybe it should say something more like `` do you have experience with the creative field '' so that it can include serious creative hobbyists ( amateur filmmakers , photographers , etc. ) . 
  edit : i wo n't complete the survey till i know it 's ok for me to without spoiling the results . 
  also to know whether to put 0 , or a certain fraction of my parents ' income , or something else . 
  awesome . 
  done . 
  ah sorry , i , too , missed that you were talking specifically about brass instruments . 
  yeah , i 'll have to agree with you there , as far as i know , moving around makes it far too difficult to keep your embouchure accurate . 
  still , [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=br3k5ub-wma#t=84s ) is cool , although they only move at times when they 're not playing , or in between notes . 
  saxophones and clarinets definitely can , and i imagine so can other woodwind instruments . 
  wow , that is so cool !, 
  hahaha cool !, 
  we have a tuba . 
  yeah , i 'd definitely say it 's harder to go from sax to clarinet than the other way , sorry :(, 
  there are n't any competitions in my area , so we do n't even have the ability to do that . 
  the closest thing is an inter-school event among the schools in the region once a year , but it 's a friendly collaboration , not a competition . 
  i like to breathe err . 
  actually , they can figure many context related things . 
  word shows this with a blue squiggly line . 
  not anything as precise and subjective as paragraphs , but i definitely would n't rule out the possibility of that ever being possible . 
  what 's the other show ? 
  i 'm not familiar . 
  mate , i loved this entire post . 
  it spoke such a great truth , although i can see why people might consider it controversial . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with what you 've said about why laws exist and why average people ca n't base everything on morals ( another example , surely in this case many instances of piracy would receive tiny punishments , which simply is n't fair to the company ) . 
  i am really annoyed by your first tl ; dr , though . 
  you 're explicitly telling people to base their legal reasoning on a logical fallacy : because that 's what the `` slippery slope argument '' is . 
  not really an `` argument '' , but a fallacy . 
  saw someone who said it 's to stop im clients putting in their ( in this person 's opinion ) ugly emoticons as a replacement . 
  personally , i hate the look of ( : far more than any emoticon . 
  [ but ... 
  i love the cane toads . 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-cfcybjleves/te2nu4zzxji/aaaaaaaadxq/zmq1-ogtdpy/s1600/canetoads2.jpg ), 
  oh wow ... no idea why , but i read that in a strong australian accent . 
  upvote for the correct plural of octopus . 
  and for good knowledge of venomous sea creatures . 
  ( i had to google that ... 
  i 'm not much good with actors ' names , but ) god i loved the crocodile dundee movies !, 
  yeah , that 's what i was referring to `` they only move at times when they 're not playing '' . 
  but yeah , i play reed ( clarinet + alto ) , and it 's definitely pretty easy to do moves like that , especially in fairly easy sections of music like that . 
  i agree , this was very poorly executed . 
  he really should have clearly stated it 's only for us citizens at the start . 
  although i still maintain that such closed-participant surveys really should be discouraged on this subreddit . 
  as are many youtube channels and other videos . 
  remember also , she is able to adopt . 
  these parents pulling the `` you wo n't understand '' card on her are implying that even if she adopts , she still wo n't really know , which is completely unfair . 
  around the time of my school 's swimming gala , about 1/2 the girls in my school miraculously have their period at the same time .
