  so the outside of the computer will get hot much faster than most computers . 
  but this is a good thing . 
  it means it 's conducting the heat away from the cpu and gpu , which helps keep them running well for longer . 
  but anyway , i find that if i point a fan directly at the computer , a metre or so away , it helps alleviate the heat problem significantly . 
  google employees are n't allowed to work on windows without a specific reason . 
  so yeah , most of them are using os x and linux . 
  mint was the first linux distro i tried for any significant amount of time , and i hated it . 
  it ran like absolute crap on a computer that was low-to-moderately specced . 
  ( i put linux on it because it was a spare computer we had laying around . ), 
  it was way worse than the windows 7 install that was on there previously . 
  the interface was also no where near as good imo as ubuntu 's , which is now my preferred distro . 
  yeah , i know ubuntu 's super mainstream and all , but there 's a reason for that . 
  fair enough . 
  i stuck out the awful port because i actually really liked the game itself . 
  i tend to play games for the story , and i can put up with weird mechanics ( because it definitely did have really odd mechanics ) for a great story , and i thought the witcher had that . 
  the way your choices early on in the game had a very clear and distinct effect on something later in the game felt really clever to me . 
  but yeah , the collecting cards thing was ... weird . 
  minimum wage has very little to do with it . 
  not many people actually earn minimum wage in australia ( and i 'm assuming the same is true for new zealand ) . 
  the charge it because they * can * charge it . 
  because people will buy it at that price . 
   the right to vote in elections if you are resident, 
  wait what ? 
  you mean that i , as an australian , could move to the uk and , after a few years , apply for residency ( but * not * citizenship ) , and then vote for a local mp in the national election , and by extension have some small say in who ends up being the prime minister of the uk -- a country i am not a citizen of ? 
  that just seems ... weird . 
  how hard is actually getting residency ? 
  if you obtain residency in the uk and you are n't an eu or commonwealth citizen, 
  that should be yes , then , surely . 
  `` i , as an australian '' . 
  but regarding the difficulty of actually getting residency , yeah , i guess that makes sense . 
  wow . 
  [ this html5 version is only 13 mb ] ( http://www.gfycat.com/harshacidicgroundbeetle ) . 
  i wonder how large you could make the movie ( in resolution ) to get the html5 version to 63 mb . 
  for anyone that does n't know how to do that , it 's really simple . 
  open command promp ( on windows ) or terminal ( on os x or linux * ) , type ` telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl ` , and hit enter . 
  edit : i just tried it on my windows machine . 
  looks like windows 8 has telnet disabled by default . 
  try the instructions in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3-5yrfk-h0 ) if the above command tells you '' ` ` telnet ' is not recognized as an internal or external command ` '' . 
  \\* edit_the_second : if you 're using linux , you probably did n't need me to tell you this , so i do n't know why i mentioned you . 
  if you 're british , why not fly on your british passport when going to britain ? 
  ( or do you only have a french one ? 
  in which case , i 'm curious to what you are referring when you say you 're british . ), 
  i do n't really understand why that would blow your mind . 
  travelling between countries in the schengen region is basically the same as travelling domestically . 
  sure , a passport makes a great id , but when you fly from la to ny , or from melbourne to brisbane , you do n't need a passport . 
  it makes sense to me that this would n't be any different . 
  `` i do n't like cricket '' . 
  guy 's clearly lying about his nationality . 
  not to sell , if i ever go to israel , fly on any airline that is n't el-al . 
  that 's fucking bullshit . 
  edit : by the way , regarding pressure chambers , what if the passenger has something fragile they 're trying to bring with them ? 
  a strip search ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with that place . 
  and searching his computer , too ? 
  there 's no way in hell i 'd agree to any of that bullshit . 
  ( and if that means not going to the country , so be it . 
  no way that 's a place i want to be , anyway . ), 
  oh that 's actually really clever . 
  assuming it 's not cost ( and time ) prohibitive , that sounds like something they should just do for * all * baggage on all flights . 
  yeah much smaller file . 
  the way gifs work is that each frame of the image is compressed the same way a standard image would be . 
  a gif is basically a whole heap of photos stuck one after the other . 
  most video formats , including the major ones used with the html5 video tag , compress file size by noting the delta between frames . 
  so when parts of the image stay the same/similar for long periods of time , you get much smaller file sizes . 
  and yeah , html5 videos can , depending on the site , have playback controls . 
  why do n't we use them ? 
  it 's only fairly recently that they 've really become reliable enough that you can consistently expect people 's browsers to support them , and more importantly , support the right codec . 
  there 's also the simple fact that using gifs is just ingrained in people 's psyche . 
  when people think about sharing short clips without sound on the internet , they think gif . 
  gfycat 's great because it replicates this by working really well with things like res embedded images/videos , not having sound , and even being able to automatically convert files from gifs straight over to html5 . 
  at this point we should all really just use it for any gif larger than about 5 mb . 
   boss gave you what you asked for . 
  sounds to me like this part did n't quite happen . 
  it 's more like `` boss gave a minute concession in the direction of what you asked for '' . 
  but you have no problem with the k ? 
  the one that 's always stumped me is sansa . 
  she clearly never looked to be 12 -- 14 . 
  the character seemed to me to be about 15 at the start of the show . 
  it would n't be a problem , they aged up plenty of characters to be more suitable for tv , but they dealt with the plot line of her having her first period , which for a character that seemed more like 16 -- 17 at that point felt odd . 
  yeah i figured it probably would be . 
  to be honest when she gave the order to crucify them and someone else pointed out that it might not be a good idea , but she did it anyway , i kinda figured it was gon na come back to bite her . 
  i 'm glad it did . 
  that was a really shitty thing to do , so it felt like justice -- even though i like her character normally . 
   you * literally * say nothing until you get a lawyer ? 
  not from the us here , but i would assume you say something to the effect of `` i have no comment to make until i speak to my lawyer . '', 
  i was expecting this to be one of those `` i do not consent to be searched '' nutters . 
  but it 's actually a pretty decent video and he makes some good points . 
  he does stretch his arguments a lot further than they can reasonably go , though . 
  there were a lot examples , but perhaps the worst one was that memory game he played . 
  when he asked the audience how many people were shot in the story he told earlier . 
  he claims the answer is that he never mentioned any shooting . 
  he only mentioned `` gangland slayings '' . 
  that 's just rubbish . 
  no one would ever reasonably be convicted for assuming that gangland slayings meant shootings . 
  i think just about anyone who 's got a computer would be at least somewhat interested in the idea of seeing it . 
  they 'll probably quit half way through the crawl , or shortly after you see leia and r2 for the first time , but it 's an interesting enough concept for just about anyone who 's seen the original movie . 
  it reminds me a little of arthur miller 's the crucible . 
  the real-life events that it 's based on involved a girl of like 12 and a man in his 60s . 
  for the play , he changed it to about 17 and in his 30s . 
  since the following question was about narrowing it down to psychiatric medicines , i assumed that question was about being on long-term prescription drugs of any sort .
