  maybe their clan sent them as an envoy , or a trader , or who knows however many other reasons there could be for them being there . 
  yeah i 'm really not sure what `` lifestyle '' is meant to be . 
  currently on my `` lifestyle '' section it 's got a video review of a spear and some knives ( weapon knives , not cooking knives ) , a video entitled `` the confusing timeline of the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy adaptations '' , another called `` what medieval weapons would hobbits , gnomes and goblins really use ? 
  '' , and yet another about the structure of the ancient roman army . 
  oh , and one about defining the length of one second . 
  i guess that 's kinda important to one 's lifestyle , right ? 
  try sharing this to a more relevant subreddit . 
  this one is for sharing stories from roleplaying games , not writing advice . 
  this post has been removed . 
  if they can get this to trial with even a semi-competent attorney , it 's a guaranteed win for them . 
  the us patent office long ago decided that , in awarding patents for software , it would do basically no research on prior art , and instead allow the courts to decide that . 
  it 's not a totally unreasonable decision on their part : they get so many applications that it would be near impossible for them to properly review each one before approving/denying them . 
  because of this , patents that are patently -- if you 'll excuse the pun -- invalid are regularly awarded and it results in bullshit like this forcing the little guys to lawyer up in order to keep doing what they 're doing . 
  it happened a few years ago with the podcasting industry , where a patent troll threatened basically the entire medium , before the eff stepped in and proved the patent invalid in court . 
  this patent was filed in 2008 , and so is clearly subject to * decades * of prior art invalidating it . 
  they just got ta take it to court ( which unfortunately costs them time , money , and effort ) with a decent lawyer , hope they get a judge and jury that are n't complete fuckwits , and they 'll be fine . 
  gofundme would be the relevant crowdfunding site for this sort of thing . 
   mostly due to the hover-over grid feature, 
  from looking at the patent , i * think * that 's the main feature that seems to be in violation here . 
  considering it was filed in 2008 , i highly doubt there * is n't * prior art even on that specific feature though , so i would expect moom to be back eventually . 
  just depends on how quickly they can find attorneys and get through the court system . 
  that depends on a bunch of things . 
  i would hope that the eff will take up their case , although perhaps they have too much else on their plate already ( this case certainly is n't going to affect as many people as the podcasting one did back in 2015 ) . 
  other than that , they might be able to raise it through crowdfunding or similar . 
  if you ignore about half of its spell list , the bard can be a really cool strongly thematic class using words or music laced with magic . 
  it 's really just a shame that about half of the class 's spells ( not to mention the god-awful feature magical secrets , which just should not exist at all ) turn it from a cool thematic pied piper-like class , or one that can be used to implement a whole heap of not explicitly magical characters from other universes , including a tyrion lannister type character . 
  with its spell list vastly reduced , it becomes a * really * cool class . 
  and whether you reduce it or not , it 's very powerful , highly versatile , and certainly able to carry its weight in the combat , social , and exploration pillars of the game . 
  the fact that even the worst class imo is so easy to fix says something really good about how the classes and the game in general was designed this edition . 
  i 've honestly * never * understood this point of view . 
  the high fantasy of most d&d settings , and forgotten realms in particular , are a * long * way removed from tolkien 's lore . 
  there is a much wider spread of different cultures , and far more people from varying cultures spread out even outside the area their culture primarily comes from . 
  you 're not unlikely to come across a dragonborn anywhere along the sword coast ( despite them being native originally to an entire different * plane of existence * , currently with their capital in tymanther , thousands of miles away from the sword coast ) , or a dwarf near the forests of cormanther , or an elf up in the mountains of the spine of the world . 
  everything in the forgotten realms is high fantasy and the exotic is commonplace . 
  why should someone studied in a more `` asian '' feeling style of fighting be the sole exception to that , and only available in a specifically asian-themed campaign ? 
  in a lower fantasy setting , one more like tolkien 's middle-earth , it 's a little less common , but still not necessarily * that * bizarre . 
  tolkien 's men of harad and rh\u00fbn are both entirely different cultures from the ones of the square area from mordor to eriador . 
  in tolkien 's world , sure , they do n't mix at all , but that 's largely because they have historically frequently been sided with the * bad guys * , and are unwelcome in the west . 
  in a setting without sauron , one might expect the easterlings and haradrim to mix with the men of the west . 
  that 's an entirely different culture with entirely different approaches to warfare and life , lying just a week 's march away from osgiliath !, 
  there could * definitely * be the occasional person from that culture wandering around . 
  ( easterlings and haradrim happen not to be asian-themed , but again there 's no reason they * could n't * be , in a different setting . ), 
  even besides that , there 's no reason it has to be thought of as from an entirely different culture . 
  in games that i 've run , i 've always treated monks as a sort of reclusive little almost cult-like bunch , with temples scattered around the world and who train in perfecting the energy within their own bodies . 
  essentially the same as one might expect wizard schools to be . 
  they mostly do n't mix with the outside , but they 're situated so close that an adventurer could easily be from one of their temples . 
  think sort of like the air temples in the avatar universe , prior to the hundred year war ( and not exclusive to elemental monks ) . 
  tl ; dr : there 's really no good reason that monks ca n't belong in basically any campaign . 
  edit : i wan na emphasise one little line there that i think really sums up my whole argument * really * nicely . 
   * in the forgotten realms and most other standard d&d campaign settings * *** the exotic is commonplace . 
   even though their flavor actively opposes most heroic style adventures, 
  their flavour is * perfect * for building complex , conflicted heroes , instead of the more boring one-note do-gooders that can often be the default assumption in some adventures . 
  you 've formed a pact with an evil/chaotic/insane entity . 
  what drove you to such extreme lengths ? 
  how much further are you willing to go ? 
  is the good you 're doing with this power worth potentially ruining your own eternal soul ? 
  it 's about that conflict between you wanting to work for the greater good and your patron trying to corrupt you towards evil that makes them so compelling , and there is * so much * that you can do with them roleplay-wise depending on the specific nature of the pact you formed , and with whom it was , such that the experience for one warlock is going to be so totally different from that of another . 
  they 're incredibly compelling in that way . 
   they are literally designed to be the most one trick pony ever, 
  yeah , their mechanics leave a lot to be desired , in my opinion . 
  especially since , in my experience , the assumption wizards made when designing the edition of two short rests per adventuring day with about seven encounters split among those is completely and utterly removed from reality . 
  but they can be quite interesting if you 're clever about it . 
  repelling blast makes positioning important , since you want to get somewhere so that pushing the target straight back will be effective . 
  put them between you and a cliff , or you and a fire , that kind of thing . 
  or you can push them back into your long-term aoe effects to keep enemies constantly taking damage from them . 
  they do have one pretty cool aspect to them though , and that 's how incredibly modular they are . 
  more so than * any * other class , with the number of discrete different choices they make . 
  they choose a patron , with all that that entails both in terms of mechanics and roleplay . 
  they choose spells and catrips just like any spellcaster does . 
  they get their invocations for some powerful and flavourful effects to reinforce whatever theme they 're going for . 
  and then they get their pact boon . 
  it makes them really interesting to build . 
  i do n't know an awful lot about the elves of the forgotten realms , only what 's briefly touched upon in the early elminster books and even less from the brimstone angels series , so i ca n't say anything about how appropriate it is to the setting . 
  but as a general concept for a campaign , i think it sounds fascinating . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't provide anything more insightful than that . 
  just `` it sounds cool '' , basically . 
  i know you mean champion fighter , but this could equally be * any * class that has the extra attack feature , or any character that uses two weapon fighting . 
  i 'm using a wiki to manage my campaign setting . 
  pages for each individual entry of note , categories are useful for sorting things into hierarchies , and wikilinks are super useful for remembering related details . 
  an npc could have their own page , and they might have ` [ [ category : npcs from bananatown ] ] ` at the bottom , indicating that they 're an npc from banatatown . 
  the category npcs from bananatown would itself be a member of the category [ [ category : npcs ] ] and [ [ category : bananatown ] ] , which would be a category of [ [ category : banananation ] ] , which is part of [ [ category : fruit continent ] ] which is in [ [ category : geography ] ], 
  each article can have as many images as you like , and images that you upload can be used on multiple articles . 
  the articles that they 're used in will even automatically be linked to from the image 's description page , which is really convenient . 
  the biggest disadvantage is that at least the way i did it ( self-hosted using the mediawiki software ) it requires quite a substantial amount of effort and technical know-how to set up . 
  there might be free hosted versions out there somewhere , though . 
  i 've always preferred [ `` geek pride day '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geek_pride_day ) , which is the 25th may . 
  it 's the anniversary of the premier of a new hope ( back when it was just `` star wars '' ) . 
  it 's also the same date as [ `` towel day '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/towel_day ) , a day held in commemoration of douglas adams . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` race '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  in terms of the shaman 's casting , since it 's basically a third-caster using the warlock 's short rest mechanics , it should get 1 spell at third level , 2 spells at level 6 , and never get 3 spells . 
  but you got the spell levels right at least , which is good . 
   my next campaign wo n't have a playable bard class, 
  i love you . 
  as a side note , i 'm reflairing this as `` subclass '' . 
  warlocks are a little weird because they kinda have two separate subclass choices , and pacts are obviously the less significant one , but subclass kinda feels the best . 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it display as greentext . 
  see [ our manual of style ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) for more advanced style and formatting options on this subreddit . 
  wait , it 's adjusted by the average ? 
  has it always been that way ?
