  fantastic movie , not sure of its relevance here . 
  what exactly did apple claim to have invented entirely new , that they actually did n't ? 
  yeah , if you follow any tech journalists ( apart from the few that just hate apple and do n't actually cover them in any substantive way ) for any amount of time , you 'll undoubtedly hear them criticising itunes , or calling for a complete redo of it . 
  i recall hearing a few people hoping that 's what their previous announcement would be , along with apple music , and being disappointed when it was n't . 
  it 's something that 's desperately needed . 
  try and take the questionnaire . 
  after you finish the second page , it loops back to ask you to do the first page again . 
  oh man , this just made me realise just how under-utilised gimli really was in the return of the king . 
  also i 'm gon na second / u/squeakums ' comment re legolas and gamli 's players hooking up . 
  a spellcasting focus allows you to ignore material costs unless either :, 
  * the spell mentions that an item is * consumed * by the casting of the spell . 
  * the item lists a specific * cost * for the component . 
  note that if it lists a specific cost but does * not * also say it is consumed , then you only need to buy the component * once * , not every time you cast the spell . 
  not just the us , unfortunately . 
  try posting something about cyclists in / r/australia or / r/brisbane ( and probably the subreddits for other aussie cities ) and you 'll get the same kind of reaction . 
  you clearly do n't spend much time in / r/australia or / r/brisbane . 
  the amount of vitriol towards cyclists from some people on there * any * time cyclists are mentioned is insane . 
  a cyclist * died * a while back because someone got out of a car parked on the side of the road without looking , the door hit the cyclist , and knocked them into traffic where they got hit by a truck . 
  a thread about * that * had people coming along blaming the cyclist and saying they should n't be riding on the road . 
  like , what the fuck ? 
  it would have `` only '' killed off 6 billion if we 're left with 1 billion . 
  from the sounds of it , these are n't interviews with people who actually used it , so i 'm not sure it 's fair to criticise the pencil for high latency yet . 
  from those that were at the event , it sounded like their experience was that latency was very low -- but i would n't put too much weight behind that , either , because if you 're not a creative professional , a slight latency night not be super noticeable to you when it would to an expert . 
  really , at this point i do n't think we know enough to make a call . 
  the more valid criticism is a lack of apps . 
  i honestly doubt that will change very much for the professional level . 
  but there is already a lot of great support for prosumers and below , and i bet even more support for that level will come over the course of the next year . 
  maybe they might get an update to the adobe software , or some other truly professional level stuff , that makes it good enough for professionals to use at least for a first draft or something . 
  i doubt there 'll be anything they can do their full work flow in , though . 
  yeah seriously , sorcerers are one of the three main pure spellcaster classes . 
  remove their spellcasting and they become ... people with weird magical effects happening around them . 
  this is not something i expected to see from someone i have tagged as `` making rpg map tool '' . 
  it 's substantially longer . 
  they 're up to strip 1247 , and only on episode 5 , at the sarlacc pit . 
  yeah , it makes a big difference . 
  though any major city going to have enough in-game to be enjoyable . 
  the biggest factor is the community . 
  ingress is a social game , and while you can play it by yourself , it 's way more fun to join the group chats your local faction has , and participate in events with them . 
  if your local community is n't very active , or they 're toxic people ( in my area back when i used to play actively , the * other * faction was really toxic -- they ended up having heaps of people defecting -- though i think they 're substantially better now , the toxic people seem to have left ) , it 's not going to be as fun . 
  still , if you 're interested in it , the only way to find out is to try . 
  it 's easy enough now to download and sign up and give it a go . 
  i 'd recommend checking out the [ local map ] ( https://www.ingress.com/intel ) after you make an account , but before you pick a faction , and joining the * weaker * side in your area . 
  it gives you more stuff to do . 
  if they 're about equal , and you do n't know anyone ( it 's obviously better if you can play with your friends ) , then pick based on philosophy . 
  `` shapers '' are a sort of alien life force that has been present throughout history , and has aided humanity in advancing culturally and scientifically . 
  the `` enlightened '' faction embraces this , and wants to use the shapers to help continue human advancement . 
  the `` resistance '' faction fears that the shapers may be out to cause harm . 
  so in essence , enlightened is kinda like progressives , and resistance , conservatives . 
  but honestly all the lore is so meaningless to the actual game , only bother using that to pick your side if both sides really are equal in your area . 
  you sure about that ? 
  at least according to the graph that shows up when you google `` population of the earth '' , population growth has been relatively steady since about 1970 , and it was my understanding that population growth is expected to decline from here . 
  the current government got in on the back of really strong negative campaigning about the previous government , supported by a strong right-wing media . 
  and * they * are pretty much racist climate change deniers . 
  the population as a whole is not . 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  the previous government was * not * inept at passing legislation . 
  in fact , it did an * incredibly * good job of it . 
  they were inept at pr . 
  in fact , that 's probably a compliment . 
  they were ** abysmal ** at pr : at demonstrating to the public the benefits of the legislation that they had passed , or even that they * had * passed stuff . 
  but they did get a lot of stuff through . 
  we got the nbn , we got a carbon tax moving towards an ets , we got the gonski reforms , the ndis , parental leave for * both * parents , just to name a few of the really significant things off the top of my head . 
  and this despite a hung parliament . 
  he does also tend to conduct his own orchestras for his film scores . 
  but i get your point . 
   when people say `` hans zimmer is my favorite composer/conductor '' i take it as `` hans zimmer is the only one i can name off the top of my head '', 
  haha yeah , that 's pretty much what i take from it , too . 
  either that , or i assume that they 're just not actually very in to film music . 
  certainly , the majority of musicians i 've talked with do n't rate zimmer very highly compared to skilled composers like williams . 
  yeah , i 've seen signs up near my uni recommending cyclists stay `` a door and a little bit more '' away from cars . 
  but even so , there 's the temptation to stay as far left as possible , because if you do n't , then you 're blocking the path for cars trying to pass , which 'll make them angry , which could put you at further risk . 
  my state fairly recently passed some new laws saying that cars have to give cyclists at least 1 metre of space when passing ( and 1.5 when the speed limit on the road is over 70 km/h ) , which has been really helpful . 
   mind thrust is unique in that it targets intelligence directly , rather than calling for an intelligence saving throw . 
  i like that mechanic but it makes the feature wildly effective , so there 's a good chance it will change . 
  aww i really hope that they do n't change the targetting intelligence too much . 
  making it target ac would be lame and make no sense . 
  having it always be int saves is better , but still feels lackluster . 
  yes , targetting int directly feels fairly powerful , but it thematically makes the most sense . 
  if it 's unbalanced , i think that should be adjusted elsewhere . 
  maybe by reducing its damage per hit per spell point , or something . 
   mind thrust is unique in that it targets intelligence directly , rather than calling for an intelligence saving throw . 
  i like that mechanic but it makes the feature wildly effective , so there 's a good chance it will change . 
  aww i really hope that they do n't change the targetting intelligence too much . 
  making it target ac would be lame and make no sense . 
  having it always be int saves is better , but still feels lackluster . 
  yes , targetting int directly feels fairly powerful , but it thematically makes the most sense . 
  if it 's unbalanced , i think that should be adjusted elsewhere . 
  maybe by reducing its damage per hit per spell point , or something . 
   mind thrust is unique in that it targets intelligence directly , rather than calling for an intelligence saving throw . 
  i like that mechanic but it makes the feature wildly effective , so there 's a good chance it will change . 
  aww i really hope that they do n't change the targetting intelligence too much . 
  making it target ac would be lame and make no sense . 
  having it always be int saves is better , but still feels lackluster . 
  yes , targetting int directly feels fairly powerful , but it thematically makes the most sense . 
  if it 's unbalanced , i think that should be adjusted elsewhere . 
  maybe by reducing its damage per hit per spell point , or something . 
  * the sorrow of war, 
  i absolutely hated it . 
  it was originally written in vietnamese , and frankly the english translation is awful . 
  it supposedly has a lot going for it , but i just could n't get around how painful it was to actually read .
