  this is where the * people * should have their say . 
  the point of representative democracy is that individual people can not be expected to be able to vote directly on individual issues . 
  they will be uninformed about the majority of them ( having neither the expertise necessary to understand it , nor the time available to understand all the facts ) . 
  this is n't criticising the voters or calling them ignorant , mind you . 
  it 's simply an understanding that the amount of things that affect a country , it would be impossible for every individual to understand everything and still have the rest of the country function . 
  so instead we vote representatives . 
  this stage * needs * to be done by the actual people , because otherwise the trust has n't yet been established . 
  at election time , we judge how well the previous members performed based on what situation the country seems to be in , and compare that to promises made by any other candidates . 
  there are two separate stages of this . 
  the election , where * everyone * votes and * their * decisions decide who gets elected . 
  and the day-to-day running of parliament , where those representatives actually decide on policy issues in the way that they think is best for the country , and is in line with what the people who voted for them would want . 
  the two stages need to be distinct for democracy to function appropriately . 
   though i 'd like to point out that stv has spoilt ballot rate of 5 % , you are n't very proportional when you 're throwing out 5 % of the vote, 
  fair point . 
  i really do n't trust any of the data on the range voting website , but i 'll assume for the moment that this is correct . 
  how much has that been skewed by australia 's abysmal implementation of stv , though ? 
  where if you want to vote below the line , you have to number every single candidate from 1 to 80 or more . 
  that 's not a problem with stv , it 's a problem with how australia did it specifically . 
  and anyway , what 's the spoilt ballot rate with range voting ? 
  we have no way to know , because it 's never been tested in any serious way in the real world . 
   there simply is n't much incentive to vote strategically . 
  people are fundamentally honest, 
  then why your own comment earlier that stv only works if we `` pretend '' voters are honest ? 
  it seems that you are being dishonest ( or more likely misinformed or worse -- deliberately misleading ) . 
  anyway , i 've spent enough time on this conversation . 
  i hope you wo n't hold it against me if i do n't reply any further . 
  arguing with the weird cult that is the supporters of range voting is n't exactly the most product use of my time ( and i 'm sure defending it is n't the best use of yours ) , and this is n't the first time i 've come across it , with little change in the way the conversation played out . 
  just wan na point out that my comment was only semi serious . 
  was going for the `` quick question , do n't upvote '' type comment that often happens on reddit ( and usually ends up being heavily upvoted ) : playing off of your `` people would buy out of spite '' quip . 
  ( see also : test post , please ignore . ), 
  that said , i figured it worthwhile making the actual question something serious . 
  and i must say , the points you raise are quite interesting . 
  there certainly is a lot more anger in gaming than most other casual hobbies . 
  especially compared to the atmosphere i 've noticed in creative hobbies like photography and music , or even in the only slightly removed realm of tabletop gaming , the community of computer gamers is kinda scary ... 
  windows 8 and 7 , and i 'm pretty sure even vista , can upgrade straight to at least some version of windows 10 for free . 
  unfortunately , there will be six windows 10 versions : home , mobile , pro , enterprise , education and mobile enterprise . ^ [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.zdnet.com/article/microsoft-goes-public-with-its-list-of-planned-windows-10-editions/ ) and microsoft has n't made it clear which ones will be free and for whom . 
  there 's some speculation that free upgrades will be to more or less the equivalent of what you currently have , but it could also be far more limited than that . 
  this week 's [ windows weekly ] ( https://youtu.be/73f0mwi9-q8?t=3m38s ) podcast did a pretty good job of covering the whole thing right near the start of the episode . 
  also with # 3 . 
  oboes have it way worse than we do . 
  and personally i disagree with # 4 because i fuckin ' love rhapsody in blue . 
  oh and fuck point 10 . 
  the clarinet is a fucking awesome jazz instrument . 
  i 'm disappointed it is n't seen more in that realm . 
  it 's possible you were confusing it with the half-orc 's racial ability , where they can `` roll one of the weapon 's damage dice one additional time '' . 
  that specifically is only one extra die . 
  so if you 're using a greatsword with 2d6 damage , the half-orc ability only does 3d6 , not 4d6 . 
  the way i 've explained it in terms of in-game descriptions is that firing a ranged weapon like that requires effort to aim . 
  with an enemy just 5 feet from you , he 's gon na be all up in your face , possibly even threatening to knock your weapon out of the way . 
  so it kinda makes sense that you would be firing at disadvantage against all that . 
  the dmg 's optional rule is more specific . 
  it 's regarding flanking , which is when you have an ally on the * opposite * side of the enemy , not just when there 's another ally also adjacent to the enemy . 
  just because your wording was vague , i wan na make it clear that they get one of * each * 6th through 9th level spell per long rest . 
  i was dming and we had a guy who refused to accept that a tie on skill checks goes to the least change . 
  he wanted it to go to the attacker . 
  also got angry that ranged attacks at a prone character were at disadvantage . 
  was a real pain to play with ... 
  normally i agree . 
  but i can not support autoplay video advertising on non-video content . 
  ( preroll video when what you * want * is a video is a different matter , since the audio is already anticipated , and also bandwidth costs are much greater . ), 
  i would n't feel too bad if i were you . 
  i 've spent a lot of time on / r/arrow and / r/flashtv , and i have n't seen that particular piece of criticism before . 
  that said , there certainly * has * been criticism of their appearances . 
  specifically with oliver , regarding the shade of green and the lack of goatee . 
  there 's also a fairly strong contingent of people who want to see that funny hat oliver wears in some versions , though he has also worn a hood before . 
  this really is n't an aspect of the show that i want to dwell on , but there 's not much to talk about until the show airs ( or pilot leaks , or we get some other bit of news ) , so i 'll bite . 
   melissa is n't hot enough to be a comicbook supergirl, 
  i vehemently disagree . 
  i think benoist fits * perfectly * with the physical image i think supergirl should have . 
   do you see her as a supermodel/top actress redhead with big eyes and face of rare beauty ? 
  since that exactly who mj is !, 
  really ? 
  i 've always thought of mary jane as being the `` girl next door '' type of hot . 
  unless this is some different mary jane we 're discussing here ( spider man 's girlfriend , right ? ) . 
  regarding shailene woodley , i 've never heard of her before , so i checked her google image results . 
  i 'm not seeing anything that stands out to me as `` mary jane watson '' , but that 's not to do with how pretty she is , more to do with the * type * of prettiness . 
   bruce banner does n't have to be buff, 
  i would go further . 
  i would say it * detracts * from his character if he * is * buff . 
  the only thing i could suggest would be to switch back to qwerty for a few months before coming back to dvorak . 
  alternatively , you could try some online dvorak typing lessons , and treat it as if you were learning for the first time . 
  i 'm a little disappointed that it uses the system cursor . 
  if you 're on the iphone there is literally no reason that you should be using something other than alien blue . 
  it 's now the * official * reddit app , and it works with all the basic features of reddit . 
  true , but he probably just copied and pasted it from his address bar . 
  easier than typing it out . 
  the standard for most shows is 20 -- 23 minutes for a `` half hour '' show or 40 -- 45 minutes for an `` hour long '' show . 
  obviously shows first aired on channels without ads do it differently , and shows designed for online ( e.g. 
  community s06 , house of cards ) vary in length considerably . 
   shift + volume : change volume with little pop sound to indicate how loud it is ( opposite for pre-yosemite - makes silent when changing volume ), 
  this has to do not with the operating system version you 're using ( except perhaps indirectly due to what the default is on your version ) , but with what setting you have it on . 
  there 's a setting where you can decide whether the volume buttons make a noise when you use them ( `` play feedback when volume is changed '' ) . 
  holding shift will invert your choice temporarily . 
  your second tip is handy because it takes you to the place where you can set that setting . 
  it 's not to do with what version of os x you have ( except indirectly as a result of what the * default * setting is in different versions ) , but what setting you have `` play feedback when volume is changed '' set to . 
  if it 's on , the thing makes a noise when you press it -- holding shift means it makes no noise . 
  if it 's off , the thing does n't make a noise when you click -- unless you 're holding shift . 
  it 's not to do with what version of os x you have ( except indirectly as a result of what the * default * setting is in different versions ) , but what setting you have `` play feedback when volume is changed '' set to . 
   or we could press the volume button a bunch of times, 
  that 's not going to help ... holding option-shift when you do it changes by a quarter of the amount it would change if you just pressed the volume button , not by a quarter of the maximum volume .
