  oh , and calling your country the greatest in the world is just bullshit , i 'm sorry . 
  so you 're saying it 's people 's fault for following their dreams and going for a degree in something with less potential income ? 
  sure , i get that , but i do n't think they should be crippled for it . 
  we need * some * people doing those , and ideally it should n't only be those that are rich to begin with . 
  there needs to be some way for people with low to medium incomes to get degrees in their passions without having to pay off the debt for decades . 
  fair point . 
  the only thing is that as many others in this tread have pointed out , an open atheist would have no chance of winning . 
  i 've also heard things about how he only really became devout in his beliefs not long before getting into politics . 
  [ not true ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sazzbrfgcuw ), 
  as a non american when i think california i think hollywood and tech companies . 
  i suppose you 're entitled to that opinion . 
  i respectfully disagree due to the fact that it allows for better government services ( healthcare , education , infrastructure ) , without putting too much burden on poor and middle-class families , as well as the fact that progressive taxes help improve income equality . 
  that last reason should be particularly important in the us where inequality is incredibly high , and socio-economic mobility is amongst the lowest in the developed world . 
  could someone explain * why * the united stated is such close allies with israel ? 
  it 's like they completely ignore all the apartheid-like activities . 
  but * why * is the us still allies with them ? 
  it really does n't make sense to many of us . 
  i could n't care one way or another about jews . 
  it 's just another religion to me . 
  anyone , including any jew , who supports israel , goes down in my reckoning , however . 
  as a matter of fact i absolutely * despise * china , and i 'm no fan of any oppressive regime . 
  and no , it does n't show ignorance . 
  what happened in the past should not be a defense for israel 's actions today . 
  thanks , interesting to know . 
  it 's at least 90 microhitlers . 
  the guy had no clue what germany was , and is against abortions even in cases of rape . 
  did n't he think germany was a basketball team or something ? 
  not to mention that he believes abortions should be illegal even in cases of rape . 
  if these were n't already massive gaming mouses we were talking about i would correct your sarcasm and say that that much difference * does * matter . 
  but it is gaming mouses , so carry on . 
  similarly , putting on a fencing mask someone else has been using . 
  gross as hell . 
  i like when the door swings outward so i can just kick it open on the way out , or push it with my arm rather than my hand . 
  that seems cool , but a heap more complicated than just having the door swing outward ... 
  maybe my hands are small ( i can reach an octave and a third , though , so ca n't be that small ... ) , or maybe i 'm just really careful , but i never touch the edge of those . 
  yeah , like saloon type doors . 
  do n't look down . 
  actually the cost argument is wrong . 
  there are arguments that it saves money , and some that it costs money , but in either case the effect is less than 1 % . 
  ( check the cgpgrey video about it . ), 
  to make it even worse , within one state of the us you can go a few hundred miles with like 5 time changes . 
  cgpgrey mentioned it in his video about dst . 
  no , that 's not what i said at all . 
  i think that a past persecution should not be used as an excuse for persecuting others today . 
  would you say that women should be payed more than men , or perhaps men should have their voting rights removed , to make up for past inequalities ? 
  or maybe black people should keep white slaves . 
  sure , that 's a somewhat fallacious argument , but i feel it 's got some relevance . 
  as for the palestinians `` going home '' , no , i do n't think that . 
  where they are now is their home and has been for decades at least . 
  as for hamas , you seem to be trying to make this into a black and white issue . 
  it 's not . 
  both sides are at fault , and each to a very large degree . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't criticise one side for things they 've done wrong when it 's relevant . 
  oh , and way to go with the fucking ad hominem attack . 
  why is it that whenever someone ca n't come up with a proper argument they always resort to this ? 
  i 'm assuming a dime is worth more than a nickel , and you 're pointing out the oddity of that . 
  in australia the 50c coin is the largest , but we also have $ 1 and $ 2 coins , so we 've put that backwards , too . 
  they 're gold , whereas the < $ 1 coins are silver , but that does n't help the vision-impaired . 
  yeah . 
  here in vietnam the larger notes ( the 10,000 dong and up , equivalent to about 50 cents ) are made from australian polymer . 
  ninjaedit : equivalent in exchange rate , worth more than 50 cents ppp , obviously . 
  to be fair it was a kiwi , they 're like , wannabe aussies . 
  ( please do n't hurt me ), 
  also , those lines and bumps on the ground that allow blind people to walk around public areas using a cane . 
  the kiwi 's their . 
  a proper argument without douchiness !!, 
  bout time ... 
  thank you for the enlightening and educational comment . 
  edit : that may have come across as sarcastic . 
  it was n't meant to . 
  when you finish playing a * steam * game . 
  it does n't count for non-steam games added to steam ( to use steam 's chat and screenshot functionality ) . 
  great film , that . 
  [ here ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=you+should+use+this+on+them ), 
  has someone been playing mass effect lately ? 
  side note : i 'm probably just projecting . 
  ah good point . 
  i have a lot of close friends that are n't so techy , so i really should use it more often . 
  this is a stretch but i ` mma guess its the third item on said list . 
  what if they say with an f ? 
  is n't the chris kris one easy , on account of them being if ferment genders ? 
  time `` travel '' is and always will be impossible . 
  however , fast-forwarding through time ( a one-way trip ) is possible by traveling at close to the speed of light , or low in a strong gravitational field ( preferably both : going fast near a black hole ) . 
  agreed , it 's not even one of those things where once you have experienced it you ca n't go back . 
  someone bought it for me and i 'm enjoying it , but do n't feel the slightest bit enclosed to keep it afterwards . 
  if you do n't think his policies are the best choice that 's one thing , and that 's fine . 
  but there are some that really , truly , hate him , and that 's not justified . 
  good point . 
  i do n't get why so many people seem to have this irrational fear of targeted ads . 
  if they can anonymously use data you 've put out there anyway in order to give you advertising that 's more relevant to you , i say that 's a good thing . 
  this one , and one throwaway . 
  actually , it was first implemented by germany during world war i : after the electric lightbulb was already widespread , which means it was never relevant . 
   i also think , if the profiling gets so strong that users internet experience gets overly shaped , it will lead to the worst kind of circle jerking . 
  this is , in my opinion , the biggest disadvantage of personalised browsing , but as the brilliant advocate of openness jeff jarvis says , it should n't be up to these companies to force people to eat their vegetables . 
  yes everyone should do it , but it should be up to them to make themselves do it . 
  other than that , i understand some people find too much of this targetting creepy . 
  i 'm not in that group , but i definitely understand why some people are . 
  personally it seems to me that most of reddit ( and indeed , most tech-savvy people in general ) seem to be in this latter group . 
  not to mention how widespread adblock is ( which i find a disgusting practice , not to mention that there 's always people arrogant enough to tell others they * should be using * adblock any time they mention something they saw in an ad edit : but this is off topic ) . 
  you answer was structured fine , by the way .
