  voting at any place within your electorate should be trivially easy , and it should be extremely easy to turn up at any polling place in the * country * ( without needing advanced notice or anything like that ) and get your vote counted -- even if you have to wait a little bit longer for confirmation and for the correct ballot to be sent through . 
  haha yeah . 
  i like the cleese video in this case because it specifically addresses the idea of going from a single-winner to multi-winner electorates from the perspective of the voter . 
  i enjoy grey 's video because i love the nitty-gritty stuff , but cleese 's video is much more direct at explaining the reasons it 's necessary , the benefits of the system , how it works for the voter , and also addresses something i think is important : the reasons some people might argue against it , and why those reasons are dumb . 
  i also partly like linking to it because in this sub , i suspect more people have already seen grey 's video , so exposing them to a second perspective is a good thing . 
  the way i ended up going about it was i installed an sftp server on it ( ca n't remember what tool i used for that ) , and i 've been using [ lftp ] ( http://lftp.yar.ru/lftp-man.html ) on my computer 's terminal ( since my computer * is * a unix-based system ) to transfer files . 
  works like a dream . 
  even set up an alias so i just type ` dl ` and it executes ` lftp sftp://[x]@[y]:[z]`, where x is the username i set up , y is the name i gave the computer 's ip in my hosts file , and z is the port i forwarded through the router ( not the default sftp port for a little extra safety ) . 
  the worst part -- and this would have been unavoidable either way -- is constantly having to ask them what their public ip is and updating my hosts file , since they do n't get a static ip from their isp . 
   the season finally, 
  finale ? 
  do n't be so dismissive of him . 
  for anyone outside of america there 's absolutely no reason that they would know this . 
  hell , the only reason * i * know it is because of conversations on this subreddit . 
  apart from the arrowverse shows and game of thrones , i do n't know the american channel that airs * any * of the shows i watch or have watched . 
  had a brief look through your history . 
  just want to point out that cw as mentioned here is completely unrelated to the cw mentioned in the marvel subreddits . 
  cw is the name of the television channel that arrow and the flash air on in america . 
  for reference , a quick google tells me that some other shows that are on cw are the vampire diaries , supernatural , and smallville . 
  civil war ( which can be abbreviated cw ) is an even in the marvel universe , which will be the subject of the next captain america movie in the marvel cinematic universe . 
  with supergirl starting in november , i can kinda see it working if they say superman started superheroing right * after * next week 's flash finale . 
  that way , he becomes well known in the time between now and november , and it explains the lack of mention of him in the arrowverse so far . 
  seems unlikely though . 
  for one thing , i have no idea how often they give out pulitzers . 
  if someone took a photo of superman in may or june , would it be feasible for them to have received a pulitzer and had the attention about that die down a little by november ? 
  for another , it would be pretty rushed . 
  the trailer sort of gave the impression that supes had been around for a year or two . 
  it * could * be justified as being a few months , but from what we 've heard so far , that seems unlikely to me . 
  mate , it 's 17 degrees here in brisbane right now and i 'm struggling to get out of bed for some food because of how cold it is . 
  yup . 
  17 right now according to google and i 'm hungry , but do n't want to get out of bed because it 's cold . 
   is if they were african-australian, 
  or arab-australian , i think was the implication . 
  pnw ? 
  is that a typo for png , or is it a place i 'm not familiar with ? 
  oh yeah ... that makes sense . 
  you missed one of the biggest points , which is regarding the parent comment 's assertion that dc 's movies are going to be related to the tv shows . 
  this is obviously very easy to disprove just by pointing at barry allen/the flash and floyd lawton/deadshot both being in both universes , portroyed by different actors . 
   note that none of the movies and tv shows have actor overlap, 
  that 's true , they do n't . 
  but they * do * have character overlap in deadshot and barry allen . 
  with those characters existing in both the movies and the arrowverse , but portrayed by different actors , that 's a pretty clear indication ( even without all the other overwhelming evidence ) that the two universes are separate . 
  it 's easy enough to prevent multiple voting . 
  you mark off the person 's name in a book when they go to vote . 
  after the election , you compare books . 
  if anyone is marked off in multiple locations , hefty fines ensue . 
  his delivery of the line was so perfect , too . 
  range voting is terrible . 
  there is literally zero reason * not * to treat it exactly as approval voting , giving the maximum value to all parties you like and zero to others . 
  doing otherwise would be bad strategy . 
  any voting system that allows strategy in practice ( as opposed to in theory -- because it certainly does exist in theory with stv and av , but in practice this is usually infeasible ) is a bad one . 
   stv just as bad as fptp unless we pretend voters are honest, 
  oh come off it . 
  that sort of ridiculous hyperbole is never going to convince anyone you 're right . 
  anyone with even a tiny amount of common sense can recognise that even av is better than fptp , because preferencing means that you can still vote for preferred parties without fear of the spoiler effect . 
  and stv is a step up from av because it allows proportionality , which is the key result . 
  you say `` we pretend voters are honest '' . 
  i 'd be curious if you could elaborate on this . 
  because as far as i can see , there 's no reason for them * not * to be honest . 
  strategic voting is much less trivial in stv than other systems , and for the most part it is * best * to be honest . 
  compare that to range and asset voting , which * require * voters be honest for them to work * at all * , and clearly stv wins out . 
  anyway , single winner systems are inherently flawed . 
  range voting , approval voting , av , or fptp , in all of these it is easy for a party only supported ( whether `` support '' means voted for , given a high ranking , or some other metric of the voting system ) by a little over 25 % of voters to win . 
  if they get just over 50 % of the population in just over 50 % of the seats , they hold a majority . 
  multi-winner systems avoid this problem . 
  they can give good results when you model them in presidential elections , but parliamentary/congress elections are the ones that most need a better system , so these presidential examples are worthless . 
  and as a multi-winner system , i 've never heard of asset voting before , but from its page on the range voting website it looks terrible . 
  it is even worse than range voting in terms of strategic ability ( since rather than asking the voter to rank each candidate on a scale , it says `` you have so many points to give out '' , because of this , rather than devolving to something like approval voting , which i view as an overly simple but acceptable system , it devolves to something like fptp ) . 
  but even worse , it * encourages * backroom dealing by candidates among themselves in order to win office . 
  this is ** horrible ** . 
  in fact , we 've seen it as a problem in australia just recently because of something australia tacks on to its implementation of stv , called `` group voting tickets '' ( something that is * not * an inherent part of stv at all ) . 
  elections should be decided by voters , and * only * by voters . 
  candidates should have no say in the result of the election , except insofar as their campaign persuades people to vote for/against them , and as their own personal vote counts ( assuming the candidate is also a voter ) . 
  this is ( part of ) the same problem i have with mmp , but mmp is far , far better than this is , because at least with mmp you know ahead of time the exact order in which party list votes will be distributed to party members . 
  as for its claims of simplicity , perhaps it 's simple with the simmons version , but that 's by far the worst of the versions . 
  it 's just a more complicated under-the-hood version of fptp multi-winner ( where instead of just the n candidates who received the most single votes winning , they take their votes and do deals with them among themselves ) . 
  smith and carroll 's versions are incredibly complicated . 
  the voter should n't have to count how many points they 've given away , for god 's sake !, 
  it 's much simpler to number candidates in order of preference like stv , or to give a single vote for a candidate , and a single vote for a party , like in mmp . 
  or even to just tick as many candidates as you want , like in approval voting . 
  range voting in single-winner elections is a decent voting system , but it is strictly worse than approval voting ( since it devolves into that , but could cause some voters to lose out by failing to strategically vote correctly ) . 
  but it is still a single-winner system and suffers all the flaws inherent to those systems . 
  asset voting ( at least as presented on that website -- which admittedly is a pretty terrible source of information about * anything * ) is just a steaming pile of shit that nobody should ever go close to . 
  that an area in america ? 
  if only it was 64 gb ram , this would be so much better . 
  ( 8 cores and 8 * 8 gb ram . ), 
  got ta be honest , i came into this thread hoping that the tip would be composition related . 
  a way to get a shot of an amazing ceiling that looks more interesting that just `` point the thing at the roof and click the shutter '' . 
  apart from the spiral staircase , the photos you took here are dull . 
  the composition is uninteresting . 
  the high commission of india one is particularly bad , with the awkward tinsel in the corner . 
  that said , the spiral staircase one is stunning , and the royal observatory one is very close to being good . 
  just needed to be a tiny bit wider angle , and shifted a tiny bit to the right . 
  taking photos of buildings from the inside is something that i 've always felt i ca n't do as well as i would like , so seeing the title of this thread got me excited . 
  the content ... well it did n't live up to what i was hoping for ... 
  yeah fair enough . 
  the photos certainly are n't * terrible * , they 're just not stand-out good or anything . 
  and hey , using the timer is useful in so many ways , so letting people know that they should/could use it is always a good thing . 
  the bot does n't always reply . 
  in fact , i think it 's specifically limited to only one reply per thread .
