  if there 's my favourite party , two mediocre parties , and one that i really hate , i 'm probably going to vote for all 3 parties that i do n't hate . 
  it would effectively , in that case , become an `` anti-fptp '' , where i 'm casting a negative vote for the party i most hate . 
  so even in that case , there 's not a guarantee that it would devolve to fptp . 
  oh , and in response to, 
   anyway -- i do appreciate that you 're talking this over with me , because it means you care about this sort of thing, 
  haha no worries . 
  i 'm a huge geek about voting systems . 
  i love this stuff and i 'm always more than happy to try and explain it to anyone else that 's interested . 
  the most important thing is people being aware that there are other systems than fptp , and that literally every one of them is better than it . 
  that 's the only way we can get countries like america and the uk to fix their voting systems !, 
  range voting is terrible . 
  approval voting is better than range . 
  range devolves to approval , except that anyone who is n't educated and votes in an honest way has their vote count for less . 
  irv is , in my opinion , better than approval because it allows expressing a preference , which is a subjectively very important thing to me . 
  ranked pair , schultze , etc. 
  are also good methods , but if people are unable to understand how the system works , getting them approved is going to be * very * hard . 
  irv is easy to understand . 
  methods involving weighted graphs are not . 
   what i still do n't get is why all of turtle 's votes go to owl . 
  surely not all of turtle 's voters picked owl 2nd, 
  the votes get split up according to how each individual vote gave its second preference . 
  grey was simplifying by assuming all turtles would vote owl 2 . 
  it 's not a totally unreasonable assumption . 
  i suspect over 90 % of people who vote for the greens party in australia probably preference labor before the lnp , for example . 
   people tend to vote against someone when they vote third party, 
  oh , and this is n't actually entirely true once you remove the spoiler effect . 
  because you can vote for a minor party safely , you will often do it even if you are kinda okay with one of the major parties . 
  again , most greens voters in australia probably are n't voting * against * labor . 
  they just * prefer * the greens . 
  it can be really worthwhile getting yourself informed about other countries ' politics . 
  for something that uses the basic fptp but with the westminster system ( where prime minister is the de facto head of state , and is chosen from among the elected local representatives ) , the uk is a good choice . 
  if irv is what you 're interested in , australia is a great place to look to , which is also westminster-based . 
  for stv , ireland is good , or look to australia 's senate . 
  and new zealand provides a great example of mmp . 
  you can look to these to see examples of other systems of governance in the wild and how exactly they function ( or do n't , as the case may be ) . 
  it 's also just worth being at least vaguely aware what 's going on in the world , and these countries are culturally quite similar to the us so it 's easy to do . 
  3 ) is the worst , because it completely ignores the fact that in the mid 20th century the two major parties essentially * flipped * in their political alignments ( to simplify things ) . 
  no shit that the state changed which way they vote when the parties are now the opposite of what they were before . 
  you need to make coasts more fractalised , more rough . 
  these look really artificial . 
  use a smaller brush and sculpt away little bits here and there . 
  rivers always join , never split . 
  that includes lakes . 
  multiple rivers can * enter * a lake , but there will only be one out flow . 
  at the moment , it looks like you have two inlets and three outlets to your largest lake . 
  are you sure ? 
  the two written languages are fairly similar , both being abugidas with an emphasis on characters that look vaguely like english u and n. i do n't actually read either language so i could definitely be wrong , but looking at charts of both scripts online , it looks * slightly * more like khmer to me . 
  i doubt anything your children do can * e * ffect you . 
  you have already been * e * ffected by your parents . 
  states also control the borders of the electorates for house of representatives elections . 
  the gerrymandering that goes on there is * crazy * . 
  thank the gods for the aec . 
   and because he mobilised a lot of people, 
  thank fuck for compulsory voting . 
  i dunno , i did n't click it because i do n't really want to see `` hot grandpa farm sex '' . 
  someone anonymously reported the comment and brought it to my attention . 
  i was making fun of your grammatical error . 
  effect \u2260 affect . 
   president-elect trump ... says that it 's smart to avoid paying taxes using every loophole, 
  assuming he actually said that , he 's right though . 
  it is . 
  and people who get angry at companies for doing it should be ashamed of themselves . 
  government should close these loopholes to force companies to pay taxes . 
  but getting angry at taxes for doing what any sensible entity would do -- avoiding paying tax that they are not legally obligated to pay -- is ridiculous . 
  i feel dirty for agreeing with trump on anything , but i 'm afraid here i have to . 
  it honestly amazes me just how * spread out * the population is in america . 
  [ here in australia , things are * way * more concentrated ] ( http://i.imgur.com/txxa919.png ) , with just three main urban centres needed to get to half the population . 
  sydney , melbourne , and brisbane . 
   it 's time to ... have a real discussion about what a modern government and election system should look like . 
  i 'm a big fan of the westminster system . 
  dump the presidency , because it 's an unnecessary inefficiency that just adds an extra layer of deadlock to the system . 
  representatives can be elected by irv , mmp , or stv ( by merging local electorates into groups of 4 -- 7 ) . 
  preferably one of the latter two so it 's proportional , but the basic idea works either way . 
  the real power resides in a prime minister elected from the parliament , which is in turn directly elected by the people . 
  you get a leader who is elected not necessarily by the majority of * people * , but at least a majority of people in a majority of electorates . 
  that 's a theoretical minimum of ~ 25 % , but realistically it will nearly always be over 50 % as long as you avoid fptp . 
  2 and 3 are arguments through exaggeration . 
  reductios ad absurdums . 
  the extremes that he demonstrated are unlikely , but they both demonstrate what is * possible * , and less extreme versions of the same problem are very real problems that result in a less fair democracy . 
  there is a lot of complaining goes on from rural australians , but i would say if anything the government gives them too much attention . 
  the past few decades australia has suffered from something of a resource curse , and the government helped prop it up without taking proper advantage of it to help the country long term . 
  farmers are also very frequently pandered to by governments . 
  you 're absolutely right about it being that most electorates are won on first count . 
  6 % of the time is actually very frequent , when you think about it . 
  that 's 9 times * every election * ( australia 's reps having 150 seats ) . 
  there have been a number of very interesting elections , particularly in melbourne . 
  the seat of [ melbourne ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/federal-election-2016/guide/melb/ ) has been an interesting one to watch for the past three federal elections , and [ melbourne ports ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/federal-election-2016/guide/mpor/ ) and [ batman ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/federal-election-2016/guide/batm/ ) were both interesting seats in the most recent election . 
  there 's at least one federal seat in sydney that 's quite interesting , and one that i remember doing some very interesting analysis on in brisbane -- though i do n't remember if that was federal , state , or local . 
  when the vast majority are won on first preference , 9 per election where the second preference actually * changed * the result is * very * interesting , but even when it does n't change the result , there mere fact that it * could have * is worth paying attention to . 
  the greens exist as a powerful party because of it . 
  they consistently get around 10 % of the vote , and a * lot * of labor seats are held on the backs of second preferences from the greens . 
  you 're absolutely right that legislatures should be elected using a proportional system and not single-winner systems , ideally . 
  but i think it 's also important not to let the perfect be the enemy of the good . 
  if your government is pushing for irv , try and push them towards stv instead ; or mmp if you prefer . 
  but if it goes to a vote for irv vs fptp , you * have * to take that opportunity , because even irv is so much better than fptp . 
  strategic voting * can * theoretically happen in irv , but it is rare in real life situations and difficult to deliberately take advantage of without being able to make an accurate prediction about how everyone else will vote . 
  saying no to irv as specifically compared to fptp is just a mistake , plain and simple . 
  that telegraph article , by the way , is just plain wrong . 
  ignoring the repeated incorrect spelling of labor ( we normally spell it with a u , but not in the context of the party name ) , it 's just factually wrong about how the voting system works . 
  you already understand how irv works though , so i do n't need to explain the details of it .
