  fat people , yes , but somehow in a different way . 
  i do n't know exactly how to describe it . 
  i suppose it partly stems from the fact that you can be both fat and fit at the same time ( many rugby union players , for example ) , so i also try to assess exactly why they 're fat . 
  i 'm not sure that 's all it is , though . 
  alcoholics ? 
  i ca n't say i 've ever seen any and noticed that that 's what they were . 
  if it 's someone drunk , i 'll usually just keep my distance . 
  other than that , i think the only thing i can think of is tattoos . 
  personally i do n't like them at all , but i 've got no problem at all with tasteful ones . 
  people walking around topless with a massive tattoo on their back , though , is gon na get looks from me . 
  ( unless it 's at a beach or something . ), 
  all of these absolutely pail in comparison to any obviously sexist , racist , or otherwise bigoted ( against gay people , for example ) behaviour . 
  that i find absolutely truly horrendous . 
  the above things are honestly really small things to me . 
  he claimed he 's lurked for 5 years . 
  to be fair , he 's only ever once commented before this ama , and that was a top-level comment . 
  i used to think the violin was an overrated instrument compared to the beauty of the cello , and even the dark tones of the viola . 
  i recently started watching a show called party of five ( from the 90s ) , where one of the main characters is a child prodigy on the violin , and just that simple thing made me really appreciate the violin so much more . 
  it really is a beautiful instrument . 
  i find that system system of choosing subjects very bizarre . 
  `` i still have some , somwhere [ sic ] '', 
  that would only make it seem cooler , if you do n't also add that it was used as a discreet way of signaling that they 're up for anal . 
  it 's a really stupid way ( on my part , sorry ) of saying how in the long run the economic policies that they advocate would have dire effects on the country 's economy , and indeed the country as a whole . 
  uhh , yeah ... 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  i 'm judging you because in my opinion you 've made a terrible choice . 
  that said , it 's your choice to make , and i respect that . 
  like i said , as long as you do n't bother me , and you do n't smoke around children , i have n't got a problem with it . 
  just remember that as you have the right to make a decision , i have the right to have an opinion about that decision . 
  i 'm not going to actually voice the opinion in any way , but can you honestly say you never judge anyone when you see them doing things you disagree with ? 
  as i said to the other guy , though , it 's a tiny , minute thing compared to the hatred i feel when i see/hear racism , sexism , and the like . 
  aww ... i liked that myth , too . 
  side note : fuck snopes . 
  who the fuck blocks simple selecting of text on a page ? 
  i think you missed a 0 . 
  because it just does . 
  it does n't even bother me that much , but it does bother me a little . 
  i assume it 's copy protection . 
  not like any idiot could n't read it and type it out , and only a little knowledge is needed to view source . 
  the sheer simplicity of circumventing it is what really gets me riled up . 
  why do they even bother , it only makes the experience of their website horrible , and serves no other functional purpose . 
  not even that . 
  his answers were actually really good . 
  it 's just that instead of answering them in a reply , he made a new top-level comment about it . 
  it 's a pity * she * does n't seem to want to keep * us * . 
  someone 's just sent me a snopes link that say apparently it is n't true . 
  shame . 
  i prefer the orchestral version . 
  i think the perfect way to introduce someone into opera is to sit then down in front of a screen and make them watch the entire ring cycle . 
  in one go . 
  without subtitles . 
  one thing olive about os x. 
  option plus keys makes accents really easy to use without having to change from your preferred keyboard . 
  works even better with dvorak since they 're all next to each other ( apart from \u00e8 / \u00e0 , since it 's on the tilde key ) . 
  edit : what a surprise ... downvotes from petty apple haters . 
  close enough . 
  ipod . 
  my phone 's as dumb as they get . 
  ipod touch , actually . 
  my phone 's as dumb as they get . 
  but ios automatically autocorrects to the correct way of writing iphone and all them other i words . 
  the one good ( internet-related ) thing about being in a developing, 
  country . 
  i almost never get preroll ads : advertisers have n't approved them for where i am . 
  and yet , on a slow connection it is by far the best choice for video . 
  need to refresh in order to get it loading again ? 
  only youtube 'll let you start the loading from mid-video . 
  shame they removed the visual indicator of this though . 
  ( if you loaded from mid video it used to leave everything before that point the same colour as unbuffered video , but now there 's no way to distinguish between the parts that are loaded and those that are n't . ), 
  plus , ours 'll be improving with the nbn . 
  i disagree with that last statement . 
  i 'm a gnostic ( no typo ) ( edit : no i 'm not , see campushippo 's comment ) atheist , but i do n't think being agnostic is a cop out at all . 
  the truth is , there is a very real possibility of a deist god , one that does n't interfere with the world . 
  we have know way to prove there is n't , or even strongly imply there is n't . 
  being agnostic because of that makes perfect sense , imo . 
  i like to think of it as being ath e ist . 
  of course , it does n't matter which is * first * , so long as the cycle is correct . 
  i do n't think it even necessitates a disbelief in the supernatural . 
  it almost always does mean that , but it is n't inherent . 
  you can believe in ghosts and still be atheist , so long as you do n't believe in a god . 
  i 'm on the beta channel , and i 'm on 22 right now , but ca n't say i 've ever experienced this . 
  gryts and archaetype have given good explanations for why what you just said is wrong . 
  the only thing i want to add is the example of atheist religions . 
  many forms of buddhism , for example , believe in reincarnation but do not have a `` god '' per se , and are thus , strictly speaking , atheist . 
  i do n't actually have any doubts about it . 
  i very much believe that i am right in thinking that there is not a deist god . 
  that is why i say i am gnostic . 
  however , i do recognise that we can not prove that i am right , that is all . 
  i do n't actually believe in the possibility of it , but i absolutely understand why some people do . 
  i 'm a gnostic , but at the same time i 'm a realist . 
  i do n't think it is ( edit2 : to clarify , i do n't think believing in a deity and worshipping it without organised religion is a cop out ) . 
  i agree with the rest of your comment , and i disagree with op . 
  edit : what i mean is , i agree with most of your previous comment . 
  the * only * thing i disagree with is what you put in your edit `` if anything , i should be a cop out because i 'm agnostic '' . 
  oh ok , i was n't aware of the extent of the meaning of gnostic . 
  thanks . 
  really handy article , too . 
  edit : i have also amended my previous comment to reflect this . 
   and really glad you 've been so cool about it - rare on reddit, 
  oh god , do n't i know it .
