  i do n't understand america ... 
  works both ways in this case . 
  i 'm not going to comment on your criticisms of the report add i do n't know enough about it . 
  however , i just want to make it quite clear that no matter * how * wrong the report is , it is no justification for deporting a foreign politician . 
  i suspect you already agree with that , but i feel it needs to be explicitly stated . 
  your mentioning of how that 's a fallacy is really apt , because it was itself a fallacy of false analogy , as / u/jn2002dk explained . 
  to be fair , the manufacturing process here is going to significantly different , which will add to the cost ( no economies of scale ) . 
  also , glass will have to be much smaller and lighter in order to be comfortable on your head , while still fairly powerful ( though i imagine not as powerful as many top-end smartphones like the nexus 4 ) . 
  considering most top-end smartphones are over $ 500 these days ( n ^ 4 excepted ) , i do n't think $ 1000 is too much to ask for glass . 
  i for one ca n't wait until the price does inevitably come down -- due to economies of scale , and the ever-decreasing price of electronics in general -- however . 
  wait , the guys in the kfc ads are famous ? 
  i never knew them for anything other than those really shitty ads ... 
  our youth now love luxury . 
  they have bad manners , contempt for authority ; they show disrespect for their elders and love chatter in place of exercise ; they no longer rise when elders enter the room ; they contradict their parents , chatter before company ; gobble up their food and tyrannize their teachers . 
  - plato , 4th century bce, 
  could you explain how it is they work for the non-american among us ? 
  that 's correct , some courses are only one semester . 
  where are you trying to connect from ? 
  i 'm having trouble connecting to any of the networks ( including the one designed to help you connect ) from in ih on my n ^ 4 . 
  i suspect it 's just because the signal 's not that great . 
  ah cheers , it probably was that i did n't put @uq.edu . au, 
  ah right . 
  thanks for the awesome explanation !, 
  i 'll just add that i 've gotten it to work from ih at ground level , but go into any of the buildings and it just dies . 
  agreed . 
  vegemite for breakfast lunch and tea 's the way to go for me . 
  but he was replying to someone who clearly is n't a true vegemite fan ( yet !, 
  ) , so i 'd say a thin spread is probably wise . 
  took me until the comments ... 
  i figured it was yue and sokka ( with the wrong coloured hair , for whatever reason ) ... 
  could you elaborate on why grey 's videos are so bad as educational material ? 
  where did he go wrong with regards to the us political system ( since you mentioned that one in particular ) , and what other examples you have for why he is bad for proving points to people ? 
  indeed , the distinction between initialism and acronym is sadly too often missed . 
  i bet australia 's 50c coin must be like a dinner plate to you . 
  haha for me it was in march last year , when my exams were the following may ( went to school overseas ) . 
  managed to get 36 ib points , out of 45 , which translates as either an op3 or op1 , depending on a few modifications . 
  so yeah , it was a terrible time to discover reddit , but did n't really affect my grades ( yay ) . 
  for me the best thing was finally being finished with my college fresher dance . 
  oh thanks !, 
  i did n't even notice that clicking on that did something . 
  what is the address to get in to dc ? 
  i ca n't find it listed anywhere . 
  also , is the password the one given to me by resnet ? 
  would you advocate for australia , canada , and other countries outside of the uk become a republic ? 
  as an australian , i say fuck the royals , they 're not even close to being a good representative to lead our country , and unlike the uk , you ca n't ( at least as far as i know ) make the argument for them bringing in income . 
  but if the british want to keep her , then i 'm absolutely fine with that . 
  could n't care one way or another . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  really detailed instructions . 
  one problem , i 'm using shakespeer , and it 's constantly disconnecting me . 
  i changed a setting from active mode to passive mode -- something about tcp and/or udp port being unavailable . 
  that seems to have solved the problem , but i 'm wondering if that has any significant disadvantages . 
  edit : also , how do i go about sharing back to it ? 
  the citg guy recommended shakespeer , so i did n't even think to look for anything else . 
  thanks , i 'll try that !, 
  i find it interesting that you mentioned what hand you use a * fork * in . 
  assuming the meal is one that you are eating with both a knife and fork , the knife is typically held in the dominant hand , so you kind of put that question backwards . 
  also , i do n't know if you 've very carefully chosen the examples you mentioned , but if it was just a random selection of hand-specific things , then which side you would * bat * on in baseball or cricket ( and/or which side you swing a golf club on ) would be highly relevant , because it is an example that is frequently different from one 's nominal handedness . 
  also , as a side note , it could be interesting ( though likely * waay * outside the scope of what you want ) to see how it changes with people who drive either on the left or the right ( as well as people who do n't drive at all , kinda like a control ) . 
  but i 'm just putting this out there as a point of interest for anyone who comes to the comments , this is n't in any way meant as something you could/should have added . 
  agreed about a write-in section . 
  i was left handed with everything he put there ( if you count using a fork in the right hand , on account of handedness normally being determined by the * knife * , as being left handed ) , but i actually self-identify as ambidextrous due to scissors , musical instruments , eye dominance , and batting ( as well as being more or less equal in some other areas , and being able to use my right hand for things that i 'm left-hand dominant in better than most people can use their left hand ) . 
  nah , they did n't give it to us , but someone else here in the comments has told me . 
  thanks for the help . 
  ah right , i hold my knife in the left hand and fork in the right , but if i 'm eating something like pasta where i do n't have a knife at all , i 'll put my fork in my left hand . 
  i assumed it was asking about fork when you have both a knife and fork , but i guess it really was n't clear . 
  and to be honest , i only mentioned baseball because that 's the one he mentioned . 
  cricket 's the one that i usually first think of . 
  i assume based on the `` chuffed '' that you 're a pome ? 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
  where did you go that had a line up specifically for the front car that was separate from the normal line ? 
  at 280 is it even possible to get on a bike ? 
  i would n't have thought they could take more than about 150 or so , or that certainly much more than that would leave you unable to ride properly . 
  wait , ate you talking pounds ? 
  because i feel that would explain it ... 
  ca n't edit in reddit is fun , but that should be are , not ate . 
  by the way , well done for losing so much weight . 
  awesome job , hope you can keep it up . 
  ca n't say i 've ever heard an aussie use that word , and the excitement about cricket could work for either of them . 
  the subtitling 's great , however ted 's website is also not as nice for playing back video . 
  because the majority of redditors speak english , i 'd vote that if only one website is to be linked to , it should be the youtube version . 
  that said , why not both ? 
  it 's not difficult to make two links in one post . 
  oh hang on , the off-quota google websites , government websites , etc. 
  is from uq ? 
  i thought that was related to resnet . 
  still , really cool to know . 
  but are you sure it is off-quota , because i 've used a heap of my data quota this week , and i do n't * think * the other sites i 've been on should have used anywhere near the amount i 've used total . 
  assuming that eduroam has the same quota-free sites as resnet ( the college intranet which connects to the internet through uq 's connection ) , anything google , anything . gov.au , abc iview , and others . 
  i reckon we should do some sort of a poll for what programmes people are doing/have done . 
  also would be interesting to see how many people are day rats vs. from each of the colleges . 
  actually i saw somewhere that uploading does n't count at all towards the quota , but yeah , i 've been making sure to keep \u00b5torrent andy anything else closed when not using it . 
  how the fuck are telcos * allowed * to hold up the updates ? 
  surely a telco 's position is to provide cellular service to customers , and what software goes onto the phone should have nothing to fucking do with them . 
  agreed , i was n't sure at all what to describe spaghetti bolognese as ... i went with savoury because i reckon if you had pasta by itself that 's probably a fair description . 
  shoulda just shot one and thrown the knife at the other ... 
  do n't be silly !, 
   that 's not really a why response, 
  sure it is . 
  why did i pirate ?
