  the shitposting is strong on this subreddit . 
  got is 10 episodes . 
  even at its worst ( if they air one a week with no hiatuses , and then they make the following season 's start date 2 weeks later than the previous one ) , the wait is more like 10 months than 12 . 
  yeah , dc saw the giant universe marvel had , and it 's like they said `` oh , we need to get in on this action !, 
  quick , get to the justice league asap ! '', 
  and instead of doing what the mcu did and giving an appropriate amount of time to build up each character individually before doing an epic team up , they decided to rush in and get the groups going way before we can have the chance to get to know these new versions of the characters . 
  that fucked them over a hell of a lot , in my opinion . 
  what also did n't help is that they 've completely disregarded a heap of important aspects of the characters themselves , with perhaps the worst superman to ever grace the silver screen , and a batman that seems to have very few compunctions about killing ( though admittedly , he 's otherwise a fantastic batman ) . 
  what happened in 2008 ? 
  i 'm completely with you on the time remnants . 
  they reek of bad storytelling to me . 
  but i have to agree with / u/neoblackdragon on all the other points . 
  how does wesley not make this list ? 
   people were making fun of the faux rebellious uniform of the modern ultra-conformist by identifying her as a new recruit to the cult of pseudo-progressiveness, 
  holy shit dude , did you even * hear * what you just said ? 
  think about what you sound like for a second . 
  that 's not an alternate universe , that 's the normal universe . 
  an alternate universe would be one where canadians think 8 \u00b0 is cold . 
  ah , i was wondering why google translate was putting a hyphen after it . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm much the same . 
  i usually tell people i 'm left-handed because it 's easier , but really i identify more as ambidextrous with a lean towards the left . 
  most tasks i favour one hand over the other ( cross-handed , with some tasks being more lefty and some more righty ) , but in basically any task , i can use my weaker hand much better than most righties can . 
  from my observations , lefties are , * in general * more ambidextrous than righties , but you do get lefties that are just as heavily left handed as the average right hander . 
  i 'm hopeless at throwing a ball with my right hand , and always insist on a right hand glove when playing base - / softball ( though being more of a cricket fan , that does n't matter too much ) . 
  but my writing is probably actually * neater * , largely due to the fact that i spend a lot more time over it ( getting in to a little calligraphy/quill writing made me feel like it was * necessary * to learn to write with my right hand ) . 
  it 's not that we have a symmetric brain , but that the connections between the hemispheres are much stronger . 
  the joke sets it up as a typical `` these three different people walk into a bar '' type joke , where each of them does something different that adds up to be funny . 
  instead , it subverts your expectation by revealing that the `` rhodok '' the `` bandit '' and the `` corrupt king '' are in fact one person , by saying '' ** he ** orders a drink '' . 
  the joke being that king graveth is corrupt and no better than a bandit . 
  you know sony owns the rights to spider-man , right ? 
  no , they still do . 
  they just reached an agreement with marvel to allow them to use the character in the mcu . 
  no worries , i can see how you 'd have easily been confused by it . 
  the exact details of the deal are relatively complicated . 
  x-men ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ sorta, 
  i think there are two main reasons they did things the way they did . 
  one is that they did n't want to be accused of copying marvel 's format . 
  the other is that they wanted to `` catch up '' to where marvel is currently at as quickly as possible . 
  yeah gimp is just terrible . 
  it 's not just on windows . 
  just so you know , reddit does n't like link shorteners . 
  your post was removed for using one . 
  i 've manually re-approved it , but in the future , please link directly to the content you 're sharing . 
  ignore dandwiki , it 's terrible . 
  create your own version of it and make it up yourself , ideally in something like word , photoshop , or the homebrewery , but even if it 's just text , that 's fine . 
  if you want your version to be based off of the existing dandwiki version , that 's okay i guess ( the licence of that site allows you to do as such , so long as your version is similarly licensed ) , but you 're probably better off just making something from scratch . 
  not necessarily . 
  you could just edit it so that it contains a text version that can be read stand alone of what you think the pixie should be like . 
  if you want to do something that looks fairly nice but is extremely low effort , [ homebrewery ] ( http://www.naturalcrit.com/homebrew/ ) is your best bet . 
  you could use that , too , and just edit the link in to this post . 
  if you want to delete this one and resubmit , there 's nothing wrong with that either . 
  gon na be honest , that script looks like the one out of star wars . 
  honestly , even if you 've only used java for half a minute , i 'd expect you to have learnt the ` = = ` operator . 
  most people probably learn it * before * the ` . equals ( ) ` method . 
  just so you know , reddit does n't like link shorteners . 
  your comment was automatically removed for using one . 
  i 've manually re-approved it , but in the future , please link directly to the content you 're sharing . 
  from my googling , both are used . 
  look closer . 
  the highlight is n't straight . 
  i 'd have guessed it 's onenote 's snipping tool . 
  nope . 
  no antivirus ( or firewall , or anything else like that , except what 's built in to os x ) , and the borderless internet website tells me i 'm using the correct settings . 
  i love it !, 
  the sign of someone who truly * gets * that antique feel . 
  was your wax frangible or flexible ? 
  personally my preferred encoding for text is to use a vigen\u00e8re cypher and make getting the key an interesting challenge . 
  also a quill and ink ( or at least a fountain pen ) rather than printed text can go a long way for making something look cool . 
  damn , i 've never been able to find frangible wax at a reasonable price . 
  where 'd you get it from ? 
   true , but that can be harder to acquire, 
  definitely not true . 
  i found a wax sealing kit in ebay , and also found a quill and ink , for about the same price . 
   and especially difficult for those with deplorable handwriting . 
  potentially , but this will vary from person to person . 
  it was n't much of a problem for me . 
  i have some of the worst handwriting you 've ever seen normally . 
  but a trained myself to take this really , really slow and write with my right hand ( normally a lefty ) , and i 'm fairly happy with the result when i 'm writing in ink . 
  honestly i 'm very surprised at this outcome . 
  it 's clearly the * right * one , to me , but i 'm a programmer and understand the technical details well enough . 
  juries have a history of generally making bad decisions in technology cases , and i was expecting the same here . 
  the api should not have been declared copyrightable in the first place , but considering it was , this is a great outcome . 
   u.s. district judge william alsup, 
  judge william * haskell * alsup . 
  i just want to point that out because it 's an awesome middle name for someone who ruled so sensibly on these cases to have . 
  they were actually told quite specifically that they ca n't try that case unless/until they lost on the more narrow fair use argument . 
  had they lost this one , yes , the higher court may have heard their case for the broader copyrightability of apis . 
  they were actually told quite specifically that they ca n't try that case unless/until they lost on the more narrow fair use argument . 
  had they lost this one , yes , the higher court may have heard their case for the broader copyrightability of apis . 
  hmm ... i 'm afraid i 'm lost . 
  historian / historical consultant ? 
  antiques store owner ? 
  maybe a programmer . . ( dereferencing a pointer called ` c ` ... this one 's quite a stretch ) ? 
  pact of the tome warlocks at level 4 can have up to 8 , i think . 
  3 from the tome , 2 from warlock , 2 from magic initiate , and one from that other feat that gives a single cantrip ( spell sniper , maybe , i ca n't remember exactly which one ) . 
  i think that 's the most you can get without multiclassing . 
  you can add 1 to that , since there are other feats that give you a single extra cantrip . 
  ca n't remember for sure which those are , though .
