  do n't do greek plays . 
  just really please do n't . 
  the style is so terrible . 
  i never read past about 4 pages in and just gave up on this one : i had enough material from other things we had studied to be whatever ia i * would * have used that for . 
  but if i had really * needed * to read it , that would have been awful . 
  great play . 
  an awesome amount of potential for analysis . 
  i 've heard good things about other ibsen plays , as well . 
  * death and the maiden, 
  amazing . 
  easily my absolute favourite play i 've ever read . 
  there 's just so much stuff that can be written about it . 
  hell , the last scene alone could have a whole report written just on it . 
  i honestly have a hard time expressing just how much i loved this play . 
  i wish i could actually see it performed , because unfortunately i never got the chance . 
  i found out that one of the teachers at my school was involved in a performance of it a couple of years after i graduated , but i was n't in town when the performance of that was on . 
  so that was a shame . 
  it 's one of shakespeare 's most well-known plays for a reason . 
  not much else to say about this . 
  would also recommend watching the bbc film version with david tenant . 
  * regeneration, 
  * atonement, 
  * selection of poems by sassoon and owen, 
  we studied these more or less together , being literature about war . 
  i thought all of them were great . 
  there 's a lot of stuff that can be said about each of them from an analysis point of view . 
  the two books are great interesting reads even without going into a literary analysis frame of mind . 
  and all of them have an incredible depth where there is a hell of a lot of stuff that can be analysed from a wide variety of perspectives . 
  ooh , i did the crucible in igcse . 
  that was a great play . 
  hear , hear . 
  are you at all familiar with characters like martian manhunter from justice league , or m'gann m'orzz from young justice ? 
  because to me , that 's exactly what 's awesome about full on psionics . 
  at it 's definitely a fantasy thing , not sci-fi . 
  the tl ; dr is mostly people thought it was great . 
  however , they do n't like how concentration was required for disciplines , and they do n't like how mind thrust was an attack roll vs. opponents int score . 
  hashed not encrypted . 
  hashing is a one-way process , while encrypting can be more easily reversed . 
  search for `` unearthed arcana psionics '' . 
  i 'd link it for you , but i 'm on mobile . 
   what ? 
  politicians ~ ~ in canada ~ ~ listening to scientists ? 
  that 's a good one . 
  ftfy . 
  unfortunately , those of us in much of the rest of the western world can relate . 
  the uk , australia , and if a republican wins next year , america . 
  [ i voted sno4pycit4hvx1kjaysemh2wppvsq1xdjpme8nqibzq , 
  has anyone run a half-marathon on-board the iss ? 
  if not , someone needs to get onto that asap . 
  if you look at the article , op has done the conversion . 
  the actual study was using 500 ml as the value . 
  and , fwiw , a `` standard '' glass is 250 ml . 
  i dunno what a `` cup '' is , though . 
  [ i got this when i tried to expand it with res ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5fbherz.png ) . 
  i found it quite fitting . 
  seriously , who goes to the effort of putting the thing on gfycat , and then links the fucking . gif version of it * anyway *, 
  for you ? 
  most of these are too low resolution for a * phone * these days . 
  as far as i can tell , the biggest one there is [ this one ] ( http://dnd.wizards.com/sites/default/files/media/dragon%2b2_1280x960_wallpaper_0.jpg ) , and even so , that 's only going to be big enough for a 13 ' or smaller laptop screen . 
  they 're * horrible * . 
  utterly useless as actual wallpapers , at that size . 
  oh man , i remember that happening . 
  i 'm still bitter about how it was handled . 
  they gave us basically no real evidence that this was something necessary ( we were * told * that they had evidence , but they never showed anything very convincing to us ) . 
  but far more importantly , reddit never even had the fucking guts to tell us what they 'd done . 
  they made no proper announcement about it . 
  instead , they get the mods of a few of the large subreddits to do it for them . 
  what about people who do n't subscribe to those subreddits ? 
  or people who come around ages later ? 
  i trust that they banned quickmeme because they had to , but the way they handled it was just fucking abysmal . 
  yeah i just have a mbp 15 '' non-retina , and a couple of fairly normal sized ( probably around 19 or 20 '' or so ) monitors attached to a pc desktop . 
  but even on those , the largest image is too small . 
  apart from that one , the rest are too small for even an 11 '' screen . 
  i have no idea why wizards thinks this is acceptable on a page called `` wallpapers '' . 
  oh , that makes a lot more sense . 
  i middle-clicked on them all to get them in their own tab without messing with the main one . 
  unfortunately that links directly to a shitty tiny version . 
  hell , i even tried right clicking on that shitty tiny version and doing a reverse google image search to try and find a larger version . 
  and none came up . 
  so yeah , thanks for that tip . 
  works like a charm !, 
  i ca n't be the only one who kinda wants to see the footage of that from that guy 's camera , can i ? 
  oh boy , anyone got a clip of that last play ? 
  a youtube video or something ? 
  holy shit that was brilliant . 
   plus yvonne, 
  who is she ? 
  i do n't really follow much of the sport outside the actual game . 
  tend to turn off before interviews and such , so i do n't know the commentators , coaches , etc. 
  too well . 
  yeah seriously . 
  god damn christopher thinks that jackson 's * the lord of the rings * was n't faithful enough to his father 's work . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i can understand if he was angry about the hobbit 's treatment , but he would have refused to allow any new adaptations after just the lord of the rings ' adaptation . 
  it 's one of * the * most faithful adaptations of * any * book -  film there is . 
  there are only a few narrative differences ( the biggest one , imo , is the loss of the scouring of the shire ) , and most of them are rather minor and were made for good reasons . 
  and from a thematic and tone point of view , it 's bloody perfect . 
  he also did the work to get the silmarillion published as we now know it , as well as unfinished tales , as well as numerous other less well-known stories set in e\u00e4 or arda . 
  / u/tylersburden failed to mention the silmarillion , which was also among the many works published by christopher after j.r.r. 
  's death .
