  i think the idea of having ( a ) local mp ( s ) is a good one , though , which is one of the major reasons i do n't fully support the suggestion even if the model does work well . 
  why am i seeing lots of pianos ? 
  well temperament ? 
  ( does n't seem likely ... ), 
   not to mention , the biggest circle jerk on reddit is complaining about circle jerks, 
  ftfy . 
  although the circle jerk of people complaining about people complaining about circle jerks is increasingly growing in size , too . 
  i read it as benedict cumberbatch 's holmes . 
   steamos is direct competition with windows, 
  doubt it , from what little i 've seen of it , it seems like it 's meant mainly for computers specifically set up for big screen gaming , and perhaps in that limited use case it competes with windows , but for the most part it wo n't replace windows for common tasks or even for desktop gaming . 
  dude , this is just crazy . 
  awesome job !, 
  maybe we should start a change.org petition ? 
  one too few nahs before the first comma . 
  whoa ... 
  huh ... i never knew people pronounced it differently . 
  i 've always said tay . 
  there were some great uses for them ( finding cool new recordings of pieces of music , for example ) , but a large amount of their use essentially spam . 
  entire channels ( e.g. 
  the `` reply girls '' ) existed and profited by replying to popular videos , having thumbnails of attractive girls , but completely lacking in any meaningful content . 
  i personally am disappointed that they 're gone , because a large amount of my own video views came from them ( at least i think , youtube analytics does n't seem to show video replies ; i 'm assuming it 's under `` suggested video '' , which would mean my hypothesis is correct ) by putting video replies on popular recordings of the same pieces i played myself . 
  really ? 
  the about section is still the default one for me . 
  if press the like button it 'll move over to the share section , but initially it 's on about . 
  actually i think they work perfectly together . 
  one does the hard part of finding the hidden message , and the other displays it in an easy-to-read format . 
  the article seems to imply that the field may be clearer in 2020 . 
  because fuck making sense . 
  haha , i just realised that unfortunately those that try to google translate it wo n't get the joke . 
  putting it into google translate returns `` russ saunders '' , whoever that is . 
  there 's another guy who replied to me with the same gag in japanese , and that one translates ` correctly ' , though . 
  well that was quick . 
  he went from being moderator to being banned in half an hour . 
  i guess i must be greek then , because i would be likely to call something gobbledygook . 
  high school physics taught me that the most stable element is iron . 
  now , i understand that in practice it would be ridiculous to try and end up at iron as the product from nuclear energy produced by fission , but * theoretically * , at least , if we could do that , would that not be something that could then go on and be used for other purposes , and thus not really be a waste product ? 
  dibs on chancellor of australia . 
  i sent a [ future me ] ( http://futureme.org ), 
  the butterfly effect is such an interesting thing to think about . 
  what if ? 
  ( it 's also [ the title of a really good film ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_butterfly_effect ) ), 
  i absolutely love running and i 've always been really naturally good at it , but i 'm a ** terrible ** self-motivator . 
  i 've only been for a handful of runs ( probably less than 20 total ) since i moved out of home at the start of this year . 
  i always went running with my dad , and he was my motivator , but now i just ca n't do it . 
  how do you get the motivation to go out and do it , let alone do it in the mornings ? 
  [ no , iron ] ( http://myweb.rollins.edu/jsiry/bcurv.gif ) . 
  stable was perhaps not the best word to use due to its ambiguity in meaning , but it has the highest binding energy , the word for which i could n't remember when i wrote that comment . 
  fair enough , but my understanding was if you say the name of an element without specifying an atomic mass it 's implied that you mean the most common natural form of that element , and that is indeed what i was referring to when pointing out that iron has the highest binding energy . 
  iron-56 in particular . 
  you definitely are correct , and i hope you can find something to prove it . 
  but unfortunately , cas is pass/fail and is decided solely by your cas coordinator , so if you ca n't convince them ( or get their higher-ups -- the school 's head of curriculum or principal , for example , to make them let you ) , then you 'll just have to comply . 
  sorry about that ... 
  cool !, 
  thanks for correcting me , that was actually really interesting information . 
  the butterfly effect is n't popular ? 
  damn , that 's unfortunate . 
  it 's perhaps one of my favourite psychological thrillers -- one of my favourite genres . 
  or african ? 
  to be fair , even if they were musically knowledgeable , it does n't look like they had a score to conduct from . 
  what was he assuming ? 
  yeah but it 's fun for us stem master race students to hate on the lazy arse arts students . 
  but seriously , i really do n't get it . 
  i 'm studying engineering , and i see a lot of jokes made about arts and humanities students , and it 's usually just in good fun , but sometimes they take it a bit too seriously . 
  may i ask , what actual area was your degree in ? 
  machines being able to design machines sounds awfully like a technological singularity to me , unless it 's done within a very limited scope . 
  my guess would be that we are n't all that close to getting to that point , although i 'm no expert in the area . 
  i have to say , i agree with / u/dogshitsundae . 
  libertarianism is * defined * by free market capitalism , which by definition is [ far right economics ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) . 
  / r/brisbane 's pretty good , and virtually all major cities have one . 
  if you 're not in a major city , though , i guess yeah , you kinda are shit outta luck . 
  ah right , awesome . 
  i must confess to being much the same as those kids , except with software engineering . 
  no prior programming experience and i 'm relying on uni to teach me most of the skills . 
  not quite the same , though , as i definitely plan to build up a little portfolio of my own projects , not to mention that the uni requires practical work experience in order to graduate . 
  edit : and sure some arts students deserve it , but there are plenty of engineering students who could use a kick up the arse as well , so it goes both ways really . 
  scottish bagpipes and hindustani classical music , with particular emphasis on :, 
  * accompaniment ( especially the percussion ), 
  * use of drone, 
  * ornamentation, 
  can i request that we keep all times in either utc or utc +1 ( central european time -- the time used in france ) , and make it standardised . 
  saying something happens at `` 2:27 central time '' is completely meaningless . 
  is that central us ( in which case where the hell did that come from ) , central europe , central australia ( equally as random as central us ) , or potentially one of the other time zones called `` central '' that doubtless exist in other countries ? 
  if times are consistent , everyone can work out what the time is in their own location based on that . 
  utc would be ideal since everyone should know what their own offset is from that , and it 's a really simple calculation , but central european time works on account of this being centred around paris . 
  that went on way longer than i planned it to . 
  to be fair , this thread is specifically about uni education , so gonski is n't relevant . 
  or , it could even be seen as a negative considering they cut uni funding to pay for it , rather than , i dunno , cutting subsidies to for-profit private schools . 
  not that i actually consider gonski a negative on the whole ; on the contrary , i think it was a great thing they did . 
  i just wish they had n't cut uni funding to pay for it . 
  no , in fact the abc is easily one of the best news sources in australia , and certainly the best on free-to-air television . 
  perhaps , i dunno . 
  i certainly agree with you that this article was poorly written . 
  just looking at the last line `` the study is published in the journal nature today '' , wow ... absolutely awful grammar . 
  can we call the diplomats boat people ? 
  because they have had a long history of maintaining a farce of being ` neutral ' , by which they really mean not getting involved in international efforts for the common good . 
  ^ ^ but ^ ^ they 're ^ ^ totally ^ ^ happy ^ ^ to ^ ^ sell ^ ^ weapons ^ ^ to ^ ^ those ^ ^ perpetrating ^ ^ a ^ ^ genocide , ^ ^ because ^ ^ money . 
  honestly , my recommendation is no stickers , and no rearranging . 
  just learn the keys and touch type . 
  for me it 's the `` other devices '' that was right next to the recently closed menu . 
  i 've always just used ctrl/command-shift-t for recently closed tabs , but being able to access tabs from my nexus 4 and 7 is massively useful .
