  whoever 's in charge of producing this for television is absolutely incompetent . 
  all these cuttaways from the maillot jaune group during its attack to show extended shots of other racers , long sweeping landscape shots rather than trying to show us what they can of that crash . 
  you could tell that the sbs commentators were pretty damn annoyed at how they were cutting it together ... 
  could you explain the difference ? 
  is it just a different type of clip-in that was incompatible with his shoes , or is there something more fundamentally different ? 
  and normally it 's totally fine -- gods know it certainly does provide some lovely footage -- but you can get that stuff in early in the stage and when there 's not much going on , rather than while there 's an attack going on involving the maillot jaune . 
  most of the time , i 've felt they get it pretty much right , but tonight 's stood out to me as pretty bad . 
  i was a few years ago though , did n't get a 6 with this year 's apparently rather ... interesting ... ( to put it diplomatically ) curriculum and exam . 
  froome 's bike has apparently been stolen . 
  he leant it up against a motorbike before starting his little jog , and then the bike rode off to do its job getting footage . 
  now they ca n't find the bike ... 
  i agree . 
  personally , i think it should be perfectly legal to run ( after all , you 're only hurting yourself if you do it voluntarily , plus it was hilarious to watch ) . 
  but it is n't , so he needs to be penalised for it . 
  your second link seems to have been deleted ( or incorrectly copied , possibly ) . 
  i ca n't imagine that 's actually what 's happened . 
  someone 's probably just pulled it off the course and in all the confusion they 're having trouble locating it . 
  maybe they 've tried to take it to the finish line for them or something . 
  i just ca n't believe that someone would be stupid enough to actually try and steal the bike in front of all those witnesses . 
  i actually do care quite a bit about the ecosystem . 
  i 'm quite heavily invested in google , being a gmail/inbox user , google calendar user , regularly making use of google now , chrome , maps , keep , youtube , etc. 
  google now , especially , would be a huge loss if i had to switch to ios , since even though its front-end is available , the always-on nature of it and the location recording on android is something i 'm a huge fan of . 
  the way everything works together and syncs things is great . 
  in fact , it 's pretty much the only reason i said `` i 'd seriously consider it '' , rather than `` i would definitely switch '' if android stopped having 3.5 mm headphones . 
  but i do n't care about the ui or android itself very much ; on that front you 're right . 
  i 'd be perfectly happy with ios if it was changed * just * such that all of the google ecosystem worked as it does on android . 
  here are gfycat links , so that anyone who ca n't access twitter ( / u/mr _ meeple ) can view them . 
  [ the crash ] ( https://gfycat.com/grossdearestfluke ), 
  [ froome running ] ( https://gfycat.com/limpingkeenbaleenwhale ), 
  not great quality , i 'm afraid . 
  hopefully better quality ones will be available some time in the next few hours . 
  that is correct . 
  two full action spells are completely legitimate . 
   or maybe they 'll just start marketing portable batteries for pok\u00e9mon players and nothing else happens because the players will already have their extra battery with that , and they do n't need a better phone battery anymore . 
  this is how ingress players have solved things for years , and unfortunately i fear you may be right in that . 
  unfortunately , exercise is far less important than healthy eating in terms of obesity . 
  it has many other health benefits in its own right , but generally has no effect on weight in practice . 
  no other similar games are going to exist that will eclipse pok\u00e9mon . 
  ingress is a * far * better game and has been around for years , but pok\u00e9mon go has absolutely destroyed it in terms of number of users , solely based on customers ' affection for the pok\u00e9mon ip . 
  unless some other ip comes along with an ar game like this , one that has a similar level of popularity to pok\u00e9mon , nobody else has a chance . 
   and socialize, 
  really ? 
  my experience of pok\u00e9mon go has been that it 's a pretty terrible game for socialising , at least compared to ingress . 
  i just ca n't see how you 'd get large groups regularly meeting up to play , because the game mechanics do n't really encourage that the way ingress did -- requiring a bunch of people be around more or less at the same time to form a p8 farm . 
  but i can definitely see pogo being just as useful in terms of the exploration and exercise aspect as ingress was . 
   the fact that this game is a glitchy buggy mess, 
  holy shit yes it is . 
  the game as it stands today is just objectively * bad * . 
  near unplayable . 
   people are simply pouring money into this, 
  i 'm sure not . 
  i may put my google rewards money into it once it 's patched and has reliable servers , however . 
   reskin of a simplistic and borked game, 
  ingress is fairly simplistic , i 'll grant you ( though personally , i think it 's become far too complicated and detailed for my tastes lately . 
  i preferred it when it was resonators and xmps . 
  maybe we can keep the basic upgrades like shields and heat syncs , but all the new stuff has ruined it . 
  ) , but borked ? 
  i thought it was a fine game . 
  but overall i have to agree , the game is broken on a fundamental level . 
  not for the reasons you 're claiming , though . 
  bugs and bad servers are n't a fundamental level , that can easily be fixed over time . 
  no , its problems are that it suffers from some * serious * ludonarrative dissonance ( the player 's narrative/fun desire is to collect as wide a variety of pok\u00e9mon as possible , but the game encourages getting huge numbers of the same one ) , and the game is far , far worse than ingress was in the sense that you just ca n't participate if you 're not super dedicated -- gyms are , at the moment at least , changing far too fast to ever hold one for the 21 hours required to get the payoff , and even if they were n't they tend to be controlled by super dedicated players who have multiple 1000 + level pok\u00e9mon . 
  it 's so much harder than in ingress to feel like you can contribute to your team without putting heaps and heaps of time into it . 
  i still find it fun , but mostly in spite of how the game has been designed . 
  it 's fun going around and collecting things , it 's fun getting a sense of progression just for walking around , and yeah , the nostalgia factor is real ( for the show , more than the games , in my case -- i 've only ever played gen 3 games , but mostly watched the first gen of the show ) . 
  but hey , why should the reasons even matter . 
  i 'm having fun with the game , and so are many , many other people , in spite of whatever problems it has . 
  so why should you get to tell us we 're having bad wrong fun ? 
   a person 2m ( 6ft ), 
  now , i 'm not an expert at 19th century measuring systems , but i 'm pretty sure 2 m is a * lot * more than 6 ft. 
  a big part of the issue is that people who suddenly increases the amount of exercise they do will unconsciously offset this by eating more , which is why i made sure to say `` in practice '' in my previous comment . 
  the issue is that most people who suddenly start doing more exercise will compensate subconsciously by eating more , negating the weight loss that would have been achieved . 
  that 's great !, 
  and you 're definitely not the only person i 've heard say that . 
  personally , i think i tend to eat worse when i 'm more active . 
  the term liberal in australia refers to our more conservative party . 
  the name cones from the classical definition of liberal , being about economic liberalism and less influence of government over the economy . 
  socially they are very conservative . 
  how much they still adhere to economic liberalism is up for debate . 
  the us uses a more recent definition of liberal , being about social liberalism and less government intervention in personal lives . 
  again , how true that is is up for debate , but that 's what they supposedly do . 
  having `` democratic '' in your country 's name is basically a public statement that you 're not . 
  definitely true . 
  20 km/h is quite a lot really . 
  the speed limit is the speed limit , and you should n't be breaking it , full stop . 
  by the way , the expression is `` could n't care less '' . 
   that being said , is motive important if the net result is less deaths on the roads despite the same number of people driving on them ? 
  hear , hear !, 
  i do n't give a fuck what their * reasons * are . 
  they 're enforcing the laws and keeping the roads safer . 
  if they 're doing it for less noble reasons , that 's not particularly relevant as far as i 'm concerned . 
  remember , grey put minuscule odds on london leaving . 
  0.32 % odds , to be precise . 
  he said that he 'd put 5 % odds on london leaving _ if _ scotland and northern ireland left . 
  northern ireland he gave 45 % _ if _ scotland left . 
  and scotland had 97 % _ if _ maximum brexit occurs . 
  but wow it would be incredible to watch if that did happen . 
  i 'm pretty sure grey has pointed out in a hi episode , and a fairly early one at that , that this is n't true . 
  what / u/constantjoe says is correct . 
  watching it from outside , stepping down now seems almost like his mic dropping moment .
