  actually i 'm pretty sure the rules of pro bending state that the waterbender is the only one that * is * allowed to target the head . 
  yeah , i just came here to see if vader is the bachelor or the best man , and to have a laugh at the clever concept . 
  did not except the vitriol that 's present in these comments . 
  i have her tagged as unidan killer , in blood red . 
  all that cross her path shall perish !, 
  what the fuck is the context for that gif ? 
  it 's brilliant . 
  australian here !, 
  can i just say that i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone call a magpie a crow before . 
  however , according to that article , magpies are in a different family to crows , so using it as an argument either for or against unidan 's claims is misleading . 
  the constant misuse of memes , one post in four being some reference to soccer that they seem to assume everyone will understand , and if anyone ever mentions america , you can guarantee the comments will devolve to `` america is n't a country , it 's a * continent * '' . 
  holy fuck what ? 
  i 'm australian but i 've never heard that before . 
  that is so fucking racist ... 
  i just googled it , and it seems that while they are n't in the same family , they do share the very next level up the scale : order . 
  my cabbages !, 
  in seriousness , though , the principle of `` yes and or yes but '' is important . 
  i play clarinet and piano . 
  when i first started out on piano , i had a problem with my balance , the bass notes were always too loud . 
  i 've gotten over that problem , but i 'm still not very good at the really fast complicated passages . 
  that probably has more to do with a lack of practice/dedication , though . 
  i never realised that !, 
  i thought it was just the placement of fist and palm . 
  to be honest , yours is the exact approach that i would take . 
  no , they 're not . 
  they 're in the same order ( passeriformes ) , but a different family ( cracticidae ) . 
  i was n't even aware there were other types of magpies . 
  do the eurasian ones also exhibit swooping behaviour ? 
  probably worth noting that what we call `` crows '' in australia are indeed members of the corvus genus . 
  oh man , that 's impressive . 
  i do n't think i 've ever run more than a little under 15 km ( 10 miles would be 16 km ) . 
  some people like it , some do n't . 
  personally , i ca n't stand it . 
  if there 's a light drizzle at the end of a long run , that 's an almost orgasmic feeling , but if it 's raining even a little bit before i start , i just wo n't do it . 
  if you like the idea , then go for it !, 
  i ran for the first time in a few weeks , but far more interestingly , i ran with my new ( and first ) garmin forerunner for the first time . 
  having it tell me i beat four records ( fastest 1 km , fastest mile , fastest 5 km , longest run ) was really amusing ( on account of the previous records being non-existent ) , and yet still really motivational . 
  on another note , i noticed that garmin connect has a `` groups '' feature . 
  is there one that many people here on / r/running use ? 
  or [ call to the cows ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y7tjxii2y4 ) . 
  the theme at the opening of that liszt reminds me of [ berlioz 's symphonie fantastique ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cao6wyf-61s ) . 
  oh man that 's just brilliant . 
  i 'm gon na have to set that as my ringtone or something . 
  6 days `` set this as ringtone '', 
  haha yeah that would have been interesting . 
  by the way , do you know what the link between the eroica variations and the eroica symphony is ? 
  did the symphony just use a few of the variations from the piano piece and orchestrate them , or were there a few completely unique variations ? 
  one of each ? 
  and here i was thinking that the reason you wanted a memorable password was to be able to have more unique passwords . 
  so you do n't have to rely on a single password ( or very small number of passwords ) that gets used across many sites . 
  i still say a password manager is without a doubt the absolute best way to go . 
  you get unique , pseudo randomly generated passwords for each site , of as many characters as you like ( or the site allows ) . 
  you only need to remember a single password , which makes it easy to make that password sufficiently difficult to guess . 
  there 's really no significant downside . 
  nah man , i did exactly the same . 
  would 've probably upvoted it just to counter the downvotes otherwise . 
  the guy did kinda have a point , even if he was being an arse about it . 
  irrelevant . 
  you do n't pronounce scuba with the same u as in `` underwater '' . 
  gin is by far the best comparison . 
  it 's exactly one letter different from gif , and unlike git , that shifted letter is also a soft sounding one . 
  i ca n't remember where , but i remember seeing one system that mixed 2 ^ 10 and 10 ^ ( 2 ) - based systems . 
  something like one kilobyte was 1,024 bytes , but a megabyte was 1,024,000 bytes . 
  dumbest idea ever . 
  jif is a cleaner product here in aus , too . 
  just wanted to point that out , because we also say soccer , and use both elevator and lift interchangeably . 
  you can keep your trunks , though . 
  over here those go on elephants and trees . 
  the guy who runs idea channel on youtube pronounces it jeyef . 
  though he does it specifically to get around this whole debate . 
  scuba or nasa are better examples . 
  you do n't pronounce the u in scuba the same as the u in underwater , or the a in nasa like aeronautics . 
  yeah , scuba is a better example . 
  the u in scuba is n't pronounced the same as the u in underwater . 
  somebody needs to tell tumblr about gfycat . 
  so is reddit . 
  yeah , the lack of a comment system is pretty much the reason that when i made a tumblr account , it only got used for about a day . 
  i managed to get a disqus plugin to work , but it was an awful hassle . 
  sure you can : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murphy's_law, 
  heck , these days , urls can contain most standard unicode characters : http://ko.wikipedia.org/wiki/\uc704\ud0a4\ubc31\uacfc:\ub300\ubb38, 
  i 've never played hl2 , because i just could n't get through hl1 . 
  i only played it last year for the first time , and found it unbearable . 
  the story -- while i can appreciate was revolutionary for its time -- was mediocre compared to modern games like mass effect or the witcher . 
  the graphics were awful ( but that 's totally understandable , and would n't , on its own , be a problem ) , but the absolute worst thing is that its mechanics are just so broken . 
  jumping across ledges never works how it should ( the jump always registering too late , leading to me falling ) , ladders are absolute * crap * ( do n't you dare try to go * down * one ) , and do n't get me started on how awful the damn boxes that you had to move around were . 
  agree completely about the bland characters . 
  that said , have you played the dawnguard expansion ? 
  i really felt serana was one of the best characters i 've seen in * any * game . 
  which , given she comes from a game where no other character would be in the top 500 , is pretty impressive . 
  i quite literally watched it as a movie . 
  did n't have a ps3 , but i heard so much about it that i just had to experience it . 
  found a let 's player who does n't fucking talk all through their gameplay and watched it . 
  it was fantastic . 
  just amazing . 
  it 's not like half life ( at least the first one -- i have n't played the second ) had much of a story , anyway . 
   aot is not bad but it is no masterpiece . 
  it is often given to newcomers because it is easy to swallow and a good example of what you can expect, 
  aot is the only anime i 've watched a full episode of ( apart from ones i watched as a kid , e.g. 
  pokemon and dbz ) . 
  i absolutely could not stand it .
