  source ? 
  oh god , i ca n't believe i did n't think of this one !, 
  speaking of which , do they have any idea what the enigma actually is ? 
  i saw a really cool docudrama/drama ( dunno how accurate it was ) about the premiere of beethoven 's symphony no. 3 . 
  i think it was shared here on / r/classicalmusic a while back . 
  i do n't remember if that particular quote is in it or not , it was a while ago i saw it . 
  [ this is probably it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j71gampz3_4 ) , but i do n't have time to watch now to check . 
  and also for the reasons given for why they feel that way . 
  let us know if he is !, 
  ( op will deliver ... ), 
  i 'm not so sure ? 
  i did n't think it through that much , i just got confused about how an mp has anything to do with seat belt tickets . 
  you [ * could n't * give a shit less ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om7o0mfkmpw ) . 
  you 've got some * extremely * narrow options for genres there . 
  classical , jazz , soundtrack , world , metal , electronic , dance , rap , blues . 
  i 'm sure there are more but i ca n't be bothered to keep going . 
  question 9 probably should have allowed multiple answers , but other than that , good simple survey . 
  putting the `` disagree '' options on the right really threw me off . 
  nearly submitted answers that were the exact mirror of what i meant to say . 
  also , questions in the negative can be awkward to answer :, 
   i would not mind alex living close by or being my neighbour . 
  `` yes , i would not mind '' just sounds awkward . 
  same problem with :, 
   i have never been annoyed when people expressed ideas very different from my own . 
  and then the question about what gender this person is ... using a name like alex , which can be either male or female , was a good choice , but it 's a ) much more commonly a male name , and b ) a name that individuals taking the survey will have associations with already , possibly because of people they know in real life , or celebrity/famous figures they know . 
  i personally found it difficult to get past these associations when i came to that question , having already been thinking in one way as i took the previous questions . 
  i think a name like `` person a '' probably would have been more appropriate . 
  for my own `` ethnicity '' . 
  i 'm white , but neither british nor irish . 
  now , i could write in `` other '' , but somehow it feels as though that may not be correct either . 
  my ancestry is mostly scottish ( i.e. , `` british '' ) , but also some irish . 
  that bit seems really confusing to me as to how i should answer . 
  education : you should put the words `` or equivalent '' , and it would be a good idea to name some equivalents , for example ib as an equivalent to a levels . 
  ( i ticked a-levels because of this . ), 
  anyway , best of luck with your dissertation , and i hope you will come back here to post the results of the survey when you 're done . 
  ( it does say in the debrief that that will be the case , which is great news ! ), 
   which of the following would you consider to be the most important to you . 
  this seems really vague . 
  is it talking about how worried i would be if i lost all of my media of that type ( e.g. , if every photo or song in my respective library were deleted suddenly ) , or about how important access to that media in general is ? 
  or perhaps something else ? 
  please select one of the following statements which , in your opinion , could be a problem with the personal cloud, 
  one of the options is if * none * of these are significant issues , but what if only one or two are . 
  not the three that are required , and not none . 
  also , why is `` i do not consider there to be any issues of significance '' an option that can be ranked 1 -- 3 ? 
  should n't it be boolean ? 
  anyway , i really hope you 'll share the results to this with us when you 're done , it promises to be a really interesting survey !, 
  asking for shoe sizes without specifying which measurement system you want is problematic at best . 
  uk sizes ( also often used in australia and likely much of the commonwealth ) and sizes in inches would both fit in the range you gave , bit with wildly varying results . 
  yeah , i 've always thought of it as more of an exercise in timbre than a stand alone performance piece . 
  i just assumed it was a really basic introduction to the statistics that they 'd need , things like working out the various types of averages . 
  maybe showing that it 's normally distributed ( if indeed it is normally distributed ) , that kind of thing . 
  would you mind letting us know exactly what it is you 're doing with the data ? 
  would be great if you could share it back when you 're done analysing it , too . 
  awesome !, 
  i look forward to seeing the results . 
  great playing , and he did an awesome job of adapting the piece to the idiosyncrasies of the instrument , but i have to be honest , said adaption really ruins the piece for me . 
  as thebillis said , instruments had different capabilities at the time beethoven was writing . 
  debates over what * would * have been wanted if the instruments had been capable . 
  another example is in beethoven 's symphony no . 
  the recapitulation of the second set of ideas : the heroic motif . 
  originally in eb major , played on the horns , it recapitulates in c major , a key that the horns of the day could n't play . 
  beethoven had horns in c on the stage to be played later , in the fourth movement , but in this movement horns in eb are called for , and there was n't sufficient time for an instrument change between the last time the horns played , and when that theme first enters in the recapitulation . 
  instead , the recapitulation of that theme begins with the bassoons . 
  much less heroic and epic sounding . 
  the debate is whether or not this was deliberate . 
  it could be foreshadowing the defeat of the heroic theme in favour of the darker main theme of the movement . 
  it sounds to me like when you 're describing in the eroica symphony is a similar debate . 
  we ca n't know what beethoven really would have wanted if the instruments had been capable : whether what is written in the score is really what he wanted for dramatic effect , or he would have wanted to adapt it with the modern instruments in mind . 
  consider submitting to / r/samplesize if you want more people . 
  of course , you 'll get a wider range of people in that case , which you may or may not want . 
   when hearing sounds ( e.g. 
  tones ; music ) do you experience visual sensations ( e.g. 
  colour ) ? 
  the responses to this are of the form `` agree/don ' t agree '' . 
  either that should be change to more of a `` yes/no '' form , or the question should be reworded as a statement `` when hearing sounds , you experience visual sensations . '', 
  just so you know , lisitsa is n't popular around here . 
  many view her playing as incredibly robotic and unemotional . 
  you try playing a violin while running after someone !, 
  the follow the leader one probably would have been much * less * funny if they had perfect intonation . 
  my favourite was the rocky run one , which probably would 've benefitted from better playing , but at the same time i really do n't mind that it was out of tune given the conditions . 
  i 'd avoid mahler , sibelius , and many of the romantics . 
  the problem with them is that their music has so much dynamic contrast , and a car is the absolute worst environment for that kind of thing . 
  even the beethoven symphonies might be stretching it . 
  the problem is that the noise of the car means that you 'll have to turn the volume ** way ** up to hear the quiet bits , but then it 'll be too loud in the loud bits . 
  that 's absolutely what you do n't want for a good musical experience . 
  still , i 'd say beethoven 's symphonies would be a good pick , because they do n't have so much dynamic contrast that it 'll get annoying , but they 're still incredibly amazing pieces of music . 
  you 're looking at about 5 and a half hours for the entire thing . 
  if your drive is shorter than that , i 'd prioritise in this order : 9th , 5th , 3rd , 7th , 6th , others . 
  once you 've worked out which ones you 'll play , i 'd play those that you 've picked in chronological order ( so if you only play the 5 recommended , go 3rd , then 5th , then 6th , 7th , and 9th ) . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  you americans have * far * more power over this issue than people in most other democracies , particularly those based on the westminster system like we have here in australia ( and , obviously , in the uk ) . 
  here , politicians vote purely on party lines , and the only way to get your local representatives to change their vote would be to get the entire party to shift , which is not something individuals can do ( even our more left-wing major party is still against gay marriage , despite the majority of the population being for it , and even despite our neighbours in nz having recently legalised it ) . 
  for you , all you need is your local representative to be worried that they will be voted out if they do n't change their vote , and they 'll vote against the general party line , without necessarily having repercussions from the party . 
  just clarifying , are you actually from uber entertainment ? 
  i feel like you guys should probably be given some flair , but otherwise , i 'll just res tag you . 
  i 'm on a computer and i moused over it ... 
   450 aud is a bit overpaid, 
  welcome to australia . 
  same quote , exactly the opposite conclusion to / u/tashre ( i.e. , in australia things are always way overpriced ) . 
  i never knew pitches had special names like that .
