  to me , that seems a good way to get them past the difficulty at the start . 
  playing the game with a pre-made character would make it much easier to learn the game , i feel . 
  it also means they have some understanding of the game mechanics when they make their first real character . 
  yeah , australian . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with britain keeping the royal family . 
  that 's their business , and it 's their thing . 
  i still think it a bit weird in this day and age , but whatever . 
  i only have really strong feelings about her remaining head of state here in aus . 
  not sure about the british empire thing , though . 
  from a legal standpoint , she is separately the queen of australia , the queen of the united kingdom , the queen of canada , etc. 
  they 're totally separate legal entities , who just happen to be the same person . 
  \\* which means theoretically , with the change from male-preference cognatic primogeniture to absolute primogeniture , had the recent child been female , some countries could have ended up with a separate legal ruler once elizabeth and her successors charles and williams had all died . 
  less protection *, 
  ( since it fits both thematically and with the actual acronym . ), 
  nah i definitely get what you mean . 
  i found his coverage of whatever big event he was at recently ( some gaming convention ) absolutely unwatchable . 
  he was going around with a giant sign pointing to himself , shouting things like `` it 's alright !, 
  i 'm here ! '' . 
  it was embarrassing to watch , really . 
  most christians in the us are not catholic , but some variety of protestant . 
  it 's basically what their country was founded upon : non-catholics fleeing ~ ~ prosecution ~ ~ persecution in europe for their faith . 
  i know of one in my city . 
  then again , we do n't have netflix here ... 
  edit : [ just looked it up ] ( http://www.blockbuster.com.au/storelocator ) . 
  there 's one within walking distance of where i am , and a total of six not too far from places i visit regularly . 
  yeah i realise that . 
  but there 's a certain point at which doing that kind of thing , even ironically , becomes too much . 
  for me , that video well passed that point . 
  whoops , my bad . 
  yes , that does make much more sense . 
  it 's an editorial by christopher pyne . 
  what do you expect ? 
  close , australia . 
  sure she can . 
  she can do anything that the governor general can do . 
  she just chooses to appoint a governor general so that she does n't have to bother dealing with all that stuff in australia ( and canada , and new zealand , etc. ) . 
  but anyway , i just feel that a country 's head of state should represent that country , first and foremost . 
  the royal family does n't do that . 
  it 's a conflict of interests . 
  they 'll always side with britain over us . 
  and that 's before you get into any arguments about how a hereditary title should have no place in modern society . 
  pretty much this . 
  except perhaps action points and milestones . 
  while i love the idea of being able to perform an extra action at any arbitrary point , i thought the milestone system was incredibly convoluted . 
  it definitely did n't feel realistic . 
  if it was a simple `` you can have one extra standard action per day '' without all the milestone stuff , maybe increase it to two at paragon and 3 at epic or something like that , it would be much better . 
  maybe also healing surges and bloodied . 
  while i 've seen a bunch of cool effects that play off of being bloodied/causing others to become bloodied ( especially from barbarians ) , the term always seemed odd to me . 
  why would you become `` bloodied '' after being hit by a psionic attack , or a poison ? 
  shoulda been called `` wounded '' or something . 
  i really want to emphasise this point you made , though :, 
   at-will powers have been replaced by generic basic attacks, 
  it 's perhaps the biggest reason that i 'm not going to be getting in to 5e . 
  if you 're not a spellcaster , almost every single one of your turns in combat is going to be `` i hit it with my sword/dagger/ax '' . 
  4e was much condemned for having too little in the way of roleplay , but ironically one of the coolest roleplay tools -- the powers , which can be used to describe different types of cool attacks -- were removed . 
  oh god yes . 
  especially in maths , i have always found this so incredibly useful . 
  i 've never been able to just take a formula and memorise it , i 've always worked much better when i can fully understand what that formula is doing and understand why it works the way it does . 
  also want to echo what / u/mick4state said . 
  i definitely found that i learn far better if i ask questions clarifying what 's going on . 
  i think i may have really bugged some teachers with this , but it definitely helped . 
  that . 
  amazing . 
  she is the head of state , he is her representative . 
  if she wants to overrule him on something , i 'm almost certain she can . 
  from a legal perspective , she is always the one to appoint the governor general . 
  in practice , she does so on the advice of the prime minister , but that is not a requirement . 
  yeah , definitely agree . 
  it 's a complaint i see all the time , but in my experience it has exactly zero basis . 
  square-cube law . 
  the duck would n't be a problem in the slightest . 
  the truman show is absolutely awesome . 
  definitely not my all time favourite , but it 's such a brilliant movie . 
  makes me wish carrey did more serious stuff . 
  as a guy that frequently gets told i looks like harry potter , and just today got told that i * sound * like harry potter ( though i 've never had that one before ) , this sounds about right . 
  eragon , avatar , dragon ball , tomorrow when the war began . 
  take your pick . 
  in all seriousness , i do n't have a fucking clue what you were actually talking about . 
  i do n't know of any ashs that are n't in pokemon . 
  i told you :, 
  i actually did n't realise this at the time i wrote the last comment , but that 's pretty much how i got into the game . 
  basically , i took over someone else 's character when they were away . 
  i had very little interest in the actual story , and what i was playing through was a basic dungeon crawl . 
  that 's what got me hooked on the game , and got me interested enough to research the three player 's handbooks to build my own character , add a backstory , etc. 
  not exactly identical to what i proposed above , because in that situation it would basically be `` come up with some character ideas beforehand if you want , and i 'll build the character for you around that , otherwise , i 'll have some characters pre-made that you can use to experiment with '' . 
  which makes me wonder , might we see 6e in 5-10 years be designed specifically for 4e players . 
  a sort of tic-tok release cycle . 
  if their legs ca n't hold up their bodies , i do n't think it 's gon na matter how their reproductive systems work . 
  it 's been a while , but i remember being very disappointed with the movie . 
  i was a huge fan of the books growing up , and the movie was disappointing . 
  probably not as bad as eragon or avatar were , but similar in at least the respect that it was bad enough that they did n't get to continue with the series . 
  i 'll also add the film adaption of darren shan 's circque du freak saga . 
  i 've not actually seen the movie , but i 've heard it was terrible , and that 's another book series that i loved . 
  oh man , i forgot about that one !, 
  yes , it certainly was . 
  ah cheers . 
  edited . 
  have to admit , i 'm not a huge fan of the db franchise ( have n't watched it since i was a very young kid , never seen the movie ) . 
  i included it here only because i 've heard from others how bad it is . 
  it 's the first in [ a series of books by australian author john marsden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomorrow_series ) .
