  even something as simple as editing the hosts file on windows is a multi-step process which they make as difficult as possible for you , whereas on os x it 's as simple as ` sudo vim / etc/hosts ` ( or substitute ` vim ` with your preferred text editor ) . 
  and if you want to ssh into another system to make some changes to it ? 
  well , sorry , but no can do . 
  not without downloading third party software designed to imitate aspects of unix , anyway . 
  and you ca n't even get started on coding in * any * language without third party stuff . 
  os x has , off the top of my head , a c compiler , python interpreter , and a ruby interpreter , installed out of the box . 
  the `` limited , constrained '' stereotype that apple has is one that is very much applicable to ios , but to call it wrong when referring to os x would be a massive understatement . 
  it 's not even * close * to * approaching * the truth , when compared to windows . 
  ( now , when compared to linux , it certainly * is * ** very ** true . ), 
  the thing with os x is that it 's set up by default to be super easy for people who are n't very technically minded to use . 
  that means it requires a little more effort up front if you do want to do more advanced things , but it honestly is n't a lot of extra effort , and with that extra effort for the techies , you get a heap of extra usability and security for average users . 
  if you do n't want to flip back and forth , but would also rather keep it intact , i would recommend printing off just the pages that you intend to use for any given session . 
  maybe stick them down onto some card paper or something to make them a little more durable . 
  yeah , there are certain image hosts reddit does n't like . 
  i 'm not familiar with meme.am , but i ca n't find anything suggesting it 's blocked . 
  not really sure what happened with your comment . 
  still , imgur is definitely always safe to use , so you 'll never get blocked if you use that . 
  yeah , honestly the `` oathbreaker '' is better as a blackguard than it is for a good paladin who breaks their oath . 
  how does google analytics get someone 's age if they 're not signed in to google ( such as when they are browsing incognito ) . 
  which features of marshmallow are you talking about ? 
  you 're being wiidundant with that comment . 
  yeah , i 'm really feeling this in my campaign . 
  i play a warlock , and we rarely take short rests at * all * , and when we do , it 's generally just one per day . 
  definitely makes me feel underpowered compared to the party 's wizard . 
  even the pre-made campaigns are n't well designed for the recommended number of combats per day . 
  the dungeons in lost mines , for example , are really tiny : no room for short rests in them , and no * need * for short rests between the start and finish of them , in most cases . 
  what do you do with a musician who ca n't play their instrument ? 
  you give them two sticks and put them at the back . 
  what do you do if they 're incapable of that ? 
  take away one of the sticks and put them at the front . 
  sure , warlocks are great fun roleplay . 
  that 's why i picked the class for my character . 
  but when you 're playing a mechanically weak character , it really does make you start to regret your choices , as you are unable to keep up with the other players in their damage dealing or utility functions . 
  i 'm still glad that i chose the warlock , because it 's awesome fun to roleplay the interactions with my patron . 
  but i really wish the class was built in a more balanced way for typical games , because from a mechanical standpoint , i do feel kinda useless compared to the party 's wizard . 
  i 've heard this joke , except his first wish makes him the principle violist of his local dinky little orchestra , and the second makes him the principle violist of one of the world 's greatest orchestras . 
  nothing about `` great fame and tours '' ( because come on , he 's still a violist ! ) . 
  the last wish is the same , though , putting him at the back chair of his dinky local orchestra . 
  clarinetists are stereotyped as being very picky about the reeds that they 'll use , but they buy them out of a box ( and then make minor adjustments as necessary ) . 
  which is why it 's always the clarinetist is the one who 's usually the subject of this joke . 
  the double reedists typically make their own more or less from scratch , so the joke would n't make sense for them , even though they 're arguably even * pickier * than we are . 
  franz equals an empty list ? 
  ( sorry for ruining the joke , but ... well , programmers are known for being pedantic . ), 
   how do you tell if a viola is out of tune ? 
  play it . 
  i like the spirit of the joke , but it does n't really work . 
  the only real way to tell if * any * instrument is out of tune , in a literal sense , is to play it . 
  the way i 've heard the joke in the past is :, 
  how can you tell when a violist is playing out of tune ? 
  the bow is moving . 
  it unbalances the game in that some classes are designed to have less resources that refresh on a short rest , while others have more resources , but only refresh with a long rest . 
  if you 're getting very few ( but harder ) encounters per day , players are less likely to take short rests , which means those whose abilities refresh on a short rest are underpowered compared to long rest -- based classes . 
  i 'm having fun . 
  does n't mean i do n't feel like i could be having * more * fun if the game was more well-balanced . 
  i love the game i 'm in because it 's an awesome story and all the characters ( pcs and npcs ) are interesting to learn about and interact with . 
  but playing a class that 's built around short rests makes me feel really underpowered compared to the classes built around long rests . 
  because when you have fewer harder encounters per day , you get less chances to make the most out of your abilities . 
   no class is crap if it inspires a player to invest themselves heavily in a role and use their imagination . 
  exactly . 
  which is why it 's useless to point out . 
  everyone * knows * that any class or ability or feature can be great if it fits with your vision from a roleplay perspective . 
  so it 's basically useless to point out . 
  instead , these discussions are about making it * mechanically * well-balanced . 
  personally , i 'll pick a poorly balanced but fun character choice if i 've got an idea that it fits . 
  but that does n't mean i would n't * rather * have the same character trait but represented in a better mechanical way . 
  it should n't have to be an either/or decision between mechanics and roleplay , but in some cases at the moment , unfortunately , it is . 
  that twix gun thing that was on the front page a few hours ago was way worse than this , imo . 
  and i did n't even see anyone call that one out ... 
  at least this is an actually good tip that might make for some yummy snack , instead of a lame joke posted on the wrong subreddit . 
  even if this * is * an ad , i do n't particularly mind . 
  not quite as winner as deep fried mars bar , but the frozen one has the advantage of being no worse for your health than a regular mars bar . 
  deep fried ones are literal diabetes . 
  delicious , delicious diabetes . 
  yeah definitely . 
  to me , the fix would be rebalancing classes so that the amount of stuff short rest -- based classes can do between short rests is greater . 
  for example , rather than just 2 spells per short rest until level 11 , maybe have them reach 3 per rest at level 3 , and go up to 4 at level 9 or so . 
  i definitely do n't want to drag my party too much by forcing short rests where they do n't make sense , but i do n't like feeling as useless as i do right now . 
  this is a good thing . 
  companies need to be able to make money through advertising , or the great content that we love is going to go away . 
  adblock plus lets through ads that it deems * acceptable * , as in , not the annoying spammy flash ads etc. 
  which * deserve * to be blocked . 
  yes , they charge advertisers to do it , and that feels a little scummy , but it 's important to know that they do n't just let * anyone * pay them to get their ad through . 
  they have to pay * and * meet the acceptable ads policy . 
  [ the latest episode of the security now !, 
  podcast does a really good job of covering this issue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvc6ts5lwhe ) ( or you can view the [ transcript here ] ( https://www.grc.com/sn/sn-527.htm ) , a ctrl-f for `` block '' finds the relevant section , it 's the 4th result ) . 
  as long as there 's always the option to turn it of if you want to , this is a good thing for the industry in general . 
  oh totally , warlocks definitely are n't the only short rest -- based class . 
  indeed , you could probably split a lot of classes between those that are short rest -- based and those that are long rest -- based . 
  moon druids are another short rest -- based class ( while their spell slots refresh on long rests , the animal form is their main feature , and that needs short rests to get back ) . 
  but anyway , in our case , the `` problem '' is n't that we do n't get short rests , it 's that we do n't * need * them . 
  we do n't have enough encounters per day for it to be an issue . 
  your idea is definitely a very interesting one , but i do n't know just how useful it would be in the game i 'm in . 
  and to be honest , i do n't really think the problem is one with our campaign . 
  like , i would n't really want it to be altered too much , because everything feels like it 's coming about really naturally , with the right number and type of encounters for the setting . 
  to me , the problem is with the design of encounter recommendations and classes . 
  i think they should have designed the classes with something like 3 -- 4 encounters per day as the recommended guideline in the dmg . 
  it would mean , for example , that a warlock might get 3 spells per rest at level 3 , rather than 2 , and battle masters might start at level 3 with 5 or 6 superiority dice , rather than 4 . 
  something like that . 
  gfycat is fantastic . 
  it 's fantastic because it 's a really good host of html5 video .
