  uh , i 'm not at home so checking anything will be difficult , but is the bot in this subreddit 's `` approve submitters '' ? 
  uh no , the 2020 olympics are in tokyo . 
  it 's not though . 
  2024 has n't been announced yet , but the leading candidates are rome , paris , budapest , and los angeles . 
  ah , i found the problem . 
  it was case sensitive ( had to say parliamentpagebot ) . 
  i 've fixed that and it should work in the future . 
  lol i 'm a moron . 
  the fix i put in made it so that it would never work . 
  do n't delete the above post though , i 'll mark it as unread so that it 'll still page . 
  where are you bussing ? 
  i reckon i see upwards of 70 % of people do . 
  i 'm usually going between st lucia and the city , at non-peak times , but honestly even on other routes most people seem to do it . 
  do you not say thank you to a waiter as they put your food on the table ? 
  or to the checkout person after completing your transaction ? 
  it 's a simple matter of politeness . 
  just because it 's their job does n't mean you do n't say thank you ... 
  at the moment that 's not possible . 
  i can fix it for you , but it 'll take some time . 
  should be able to do it over the weekend . 
  hear , hear . 
   to explain the spell slots should i just put the standard spell slot arrangement in the class table , put the top 5 levels of spell slots in the class table ( those will after all be the spell slots that are actually gain ), 
  does n't really matter . 
  the way you 've written it , it 's rather poorly suited to characters doing anything other than getting 15 levels in their first class and then all 5 in this . 
  you * can not * assume one specific path when building a prestige class . 
  if they go 16 in their first and 4 in this , or 16 in their first , 2 in cleric/druid , 2 in this , the way you 've written it up causes problems . 
  there 's a standard way of writing spell slots for multiclassing , and this should use that or it is badly designed . 
  politicians have to get elected . 
  jimmy wales has nothing to gain by lying . 
  hear , hear !, 
  i actually do n't care what we call them . 
  i just do n't want some old hag from a country on the literal opposite side of the world to be our head of state . 
  the current governor general has just the right legal powers and is de facto chosen in a good way . 
  just look at the us to see how terrible a politicalised president with real powers is . 
  call them a governor general , call them a president , i do n't mind . 
  just keep their powers the same and their selection process mostly the same , but cut out the queen . 
  fair point . 
  i think clark would be better for the role and i hope she gets it . 
  i 'm glad rudd wo n't . 
  but i think that as a matter of national image , turnbull should have endorsed rudd . 
  not doing so only reinforces the image we currently have of bizarre factional politics . 
  on the international scale local squabbles should always be put aside to present a united front . 
  can someone explain to me why the kerbal space program one got downvoted so heavily there ? 
   find your favorite sub and check its post history, 
  shame . 
  seriously , what 's up with that ? 
  out of all the comments , why is that one so heavily downvoted ? 
  uh , is that supposed to mean something ? 
  it is n't valid ascii text or ( to my knowledge ) unicode . 
  as groups of 11-bit numbers ( and i have no idea why anyone 'd use 11-bits ) it 's seemingly gibberish . 
  old man henderson is , but i do n't think i 've ever seen ragin ' reggie dempsey . 
  if you 've got a copy of it , you should consider submitting it to the subreddit for more to see !, 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but from this article it sounds like the case was at least in part about the claim `` official technology partner of seven 's olympic games coverage '' implying that telstra was an official olympics sponsor . 
  personally that 's not what i would take away from that statement at all . 
  it sounds like they are officially involved with * seven * , not directly with the olympics . 
  so from this layman 's perspective , it seems like the right decision . 
  the former . 
  a weekly megathread where users can post and discuss their contributions to the week 's theme . 
  so top level comments will mostly be either submissions or suggestions , then further down in the chains will be feedback and refinement . 
  direct link for the lazy . 
  [ rhapsody on a theme of paganini ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mucbfkzeiw4 ) by rachmaninov is probably my favourite . 
  wow that was great !, 
  i had never heard it before . 
  you format it however it was originally formatted . 
  the greentext thing in the name is just a reference to many of the great stories being in greentext . 
  it 's not a rule . 
  that would be / r/dndgreentext . 
  the other thread was full of people saying either that turnbull made the right decision by denying rudd , and others saying that rudd deserved the position . 
  as a simple matter of dignity in the world stage , turnbull should have endorsed rudd , knowing full well that he was unlikely to get the position , and that he really would n't have actually been a good candidate for it . 
  you said it perfectly . 
  there 's a story about a mechanic who charged $ 100 to replace a $ 10 bolt in a machine . 
  he was asked , `` why do you charge me $ 100 to replace a single bolt ? '', 
  to this he replied , `` it 's $ 10 for the bolt , and $ 90 for knowing which bolt to replace . '', 
  the moral of the story is simple : you 're paying nearly entirely for the * skill * of the worker applying the silver to the weapon . 
  the cost of the actual silver required is a minimal amount . 
  if it 's usually `` a few weeks '' , would n't late august announcement be more of a late september release ? 
  [ the nexus 4 is pretty shiny ] ( http://androidandme.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/nexus-4-shiny-630.jpg ) . 
  no , taiwan does . 
  there 's a big difference between those two . 
  had scotland voted for it , scotland would have most definitely left the uk . 
  spain , on the other hand , is not going to let catalonia get anywhere near independence . 
  you 're talking about taiwan , but the above quote ( and the article ) is about hong kong . 
  two * very * different political statuses . 
  oh man , tun is absolutely fantastic !, 
  shame he puts out videos even more infrequently than cgp grey ... 
  but anyway , this post also made me think of [ sanderson 's first law ] ( http://brandonsanderson.com/sandersons-first-law/ ) , which [ he gave a lecture on here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwb7b9ks0ve ) . 
  put simply , it states that, 
   an author 's ability to solve conflict with magic is directly proportional to how well the reader understands said magic . 
  for anyone else who was searching for that term . 
  or watched the movies . 
  the level of magic in them is pretty much the same as the novel . 
  * misty step * is a bonus action spell , not a reaction . 
  not sure what a necromancy wizard has to do with anything . 
  i ca n't see any ability they 've got that would change things . 
  there is a class feature for level 6 fey warlocks called misty escape , which allows teleportation as a reaction to taking damage . 
  is there any possibility that 's what they 're using ? 
   you could n't get ticketed for going 14.5 in a 10mph school zone, 
  holy shit your school zones are ** 16 km/h **, 
  the norm in australia ( or , at least in qld ) is 40 ... 
  it 's a very minor theoretical downgrade in security ( relative to a perfectly implemented roll-your-own password manager ) for an immense upgrade in practical usability .
