  i 'm on the other side of it , and while it was incredibly tough during it , i 'm so glad for having done it . 
  cas is a blast , i was fascinated by tok , and the ee is a great experience for so many different reasons . 
  the incredibly tough workload of ib really prepares you for university , too . 
  unless you 're doing medicine or engineering ( or maybe law , i ca n't be sure ) , ib will actually end up * harder * than what you do in university , from a time-management/workload perspective . 
  even if you 're doing one of those aforementioned courses , ib will mean the tough workload will not be as tough for you as for people coming from a levels , aps , or other national curricula . 
  straight 7s ? 
  well shit . 
  ( edit : best student in my year got 7s and a single 6 . 
  he was korean , the 6 was in korean and the 6 was in his native language , which we all found ironic . 
  he also did poorly in his ee and tok , and only got 1 bonus point . 
  saying that , make sure you do n't neglect them . 
  if you 're going for straight 7s you should also be going for aa or ab . ), 
  keep up with economic news , and keep a list of articles that you might want to use for ias ( this may also be applicable to bm ) . 
  since you probably wo n't know exactly what sort of articles are useful for ias , for now just keep a list of interesting articles that relate to the economy . 
  it could n't hurt to watch videos like those from khan academy ( personally i think his videos are terrible , but most people seem to like them , so yeah ... ) about physics and maths , though i ca n't help with anything more specific than that . 
  depending on your current spanish level , try to do anything you can to actually use the language . 
  read spanish books , converse in spanish online ( or in rl if you know people who speak it ) , watch spanish shows/movies ( preferably without subtitles if you can , and if you ca n't make sure you try to listen as much as possible as well as reading subtitles , because it 's extremely easy to tune out of the audio and just read ; alternatively , you could put subtitles in spanish ) , and just generally do anything you can to use the language actively from now up until the end of ib . 
  i saw this ages ago back when i frequented 9gag , and at least one of the commenters over there was ( or claimed to be ) a student architect , and he was saying more or less the same thing , in more technical-sounding terms . 
  he was saying something about how it 's too obvious and up front , whereas better architectural design is more subtle . 
  the solution to obesity and world hunger !, 
  or circle-jerk congratulating of the uploader . 
  source : my own videos and those of many of the channels i watch . 
  we call this a hasty generalisation , and it 's a form of logical fallacy . 
  [ obama is slightly more economically liberal than romney was , and and even smaller amount more liberal in social issues ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/uselection2012 ) . 
  america is not liberal compared to other western nations . 
  look at [ australia ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/aus2010 ) ( labor currently in power ) , [ new zealand ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/nz2011 ) ( national party in , which is admittedly slightly further right on economics , but far more liberal in social policies than either obama or romney ) , [ ireland ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ireland2011 ) ( where not a single party is either more authoritarian or more economically conservative than the us ) . 
  [ compared to europe in general ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/euchart ) , it 's towards the upper end of social policies , and about centrist in terms of economics . 
  i agree , except for the part about amsterdam being a nation !, 
  i assume your school is really large ? 
  29th in my year when i did ib was just over halfway down . 
  yeah , minutephysics and vsauce are great , but not quite academic . 
  awesome for a general understanding , but they probably wo n't do much for improving your ability to score more highly at ib . 
  crash course , if they ever do physics ( which i would watch * the fuck * out of ) , and it 's of the same style as biology , is a great resource for school , and even university level stuff to some extent . 
  i ca n't attest to the quality of veritasium , i 've not really watched their videos . 
  edit : the rest of your comment is great . 
  it 's a brilliant attitude to have . 
  try your hardest , aim as high as you can , and you 've got the best chance of meeting them as you 'll ever get . 
  even if you do n't meet your goals you 'll know you 've done your very best , and that 's all anyone can ask of you . 
  both, 
  yeah it makes for such a * flat * joke . 
  damn it . 
  first * ever **, 
  just getting 100 runs in a test inning is a pretty big honour . 
  200 runs is a huge achievement . 
  afaik only 3 people before this had ever gotten 200 runs 3 times in 1 calendar year . 
  this makes him the first person ever to get it 200 runs 4 times in a year . 
  i hope that helps , if not , maybe you can name a sport you do follow and i ( or someone ) can try to make a good analogy . 
  ok just quickly looking it up it would seem 25 points by a single player in a single game is a very good achievement . 
  i have no idea if it 's roughly the same level as 200 runs in cricket , but we 'll run with it . 
  there 's the additional problem that all the points in a game of netball are going to be scored by two players , which makes an accurate analogy difficult , so this is only a very rough guideline . 
  a single player scoring 25 points in a game is a very good achievement . 
  now let 's say that instead of playing dozens of games per year you play just one dozen , give or take a few . 
  a single player getting over 25 points on not one but four separate occasions within a single calendar year . 
  of course , the main thing in recognising how big this achievement is , is that there are dozens ( if not hundreds ) of test cricket matches worldwide each year ( that statistic is at least true of the last 20 years , probably more ) , and test cricket has been played for over 100 years , and this achievement has never happened before . 
  that simple fact , if you did n't know anything about cricket specifically , should be amazing . 
  do n't blame google , they use proper dictionaries for their sources . 
  it says just under that definition :, 
   more info '' wikipedia - dictionary.com - answers.com - merriam-webster, 
  i imagine , then , that they 're using dictionary.com and/or the merriam-webster dictionary . 
  in addition , definition 1 ) is also used by the new oxford american dictionary ( the one included in the mac and ios operating systems ) . 
  the definition included in the oxford dictionary of english ( the `` british dictionary '' included with apple products ) has a somewhat better definition , removing the self-centred part : `` a shy , reticent person '' , but hardly great . 
  the problem of switching keyboard layouts on computers is a very real one . 
  in some cases [ this website ] ( http://www.theworldofstuff.com/dvorak/dvorak.html ) may help , and if you 're able to i believe there is software you can run straight off a usb to temporarily switch the layout , which is an awesome idea if it works . 
  as others have mentioned , you can get the dvorak keyboard on android , but you 'd probably have to give up the swiping . 
  that said , i 've found that while i have serious problems typing on qwerty on normal computers , on mobile devices i 'm absolutely fine . 
  the style of typing is so different i 've found there is no transfer , either positive or negative , at least for me . 
  if this is your first smartphone you may initially be put off at the idea of having to type qwerty , but i 've been using qwerty on my ipod touch for 3 years now , and in the same time been using dvorak , and had zero problems with switching back and forth ; it 's likely the same thing will happen to you if you allow it the chance . 
  yeah , the same thing that made qwerty so useful on mechanical typewriters is what makes qwerty better for mobile devices , especially with swype-like capability . 
  having common letters right next to each other on the home row , especially all the vowels , means typos can not be autocorrected nearly as accurately . 
  this problem is magnified with swype where a natural swipe from , say , r over to e will naturally pass over at least one other vowel , probably more , so your intention to type reddit may be misconstrued as rid it , or rode it , or whatever . 
  also , how hard is it to teach your kids to stay between the flags ? 
  i learnt that as a golden rule when i was like 4/5 ... 
  do n't pools usually have a rule that no child under x age ( usually 13 , i think ) may be left unattended ? 
  hey , i was n't able to watch it today . 
  did he manage to get the extra 15 runs he needed to beat tendulkar 's record ? 
   when i was young she never let her eyes leave me anyway . 
  yeah , mine too . 
  just seems good parenting , and it makes everything else moot . 
  do they not put flags out where you are ? 
  maybe that 's just something they do in australia -- it 's such a good system i 'd always assumed they did it in all western countries . 
  do n't come to asia . 
  aeroplanes are the worst !, 
  and when you stand up , do so by holding onto the back of your own chair , not the person in front of you . 
  in australia every patrolled beach has one ( and very few people ever go to unpatrolled beaches except for surfing ) . 
  [ click ] ( http://www.spokentext.net/demo_st_results.php?encodecryptid=e001q2xjla4%3d&amp;lang=en ), 
  no states do n't have a min wage . 
  there is a federal minimum wage that applies to any states that do n't set their own specific minimum wage . 
  [ the united states has a higher median income ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income ) , there 's no reason that the minimum wage difference is a valid reason for higher prices in australia . 
  there * are * valid economic reasons ( perhaps price elasticity of demand is lower , or simply demand as a whole is higher ) , but the minimum wage difference is not it . 
  from a moral standpoint what they are doing is horrible , douchey , and wrong , but from their point of view they can make more money charging more in australia , but clearly they believe that if they charge more in the us they will make less money . 
  edit : i 'll add , federal us min-wage is $ 7.25 per hour , although there are some exceptions . 
  ( notably , tipped workers may be paid as low as $ 2.13 per hour as long as they make at least $ 7.25 including tips . ), 
   stick it to the dingos, 
  is this an australian phrase i 've not heard of before ? 
  having spent much of my life outside of australia i tend to miss a lot of ( apparently ) common colloquialisms . 
  but media laws ? 
  i did n't realise australia had terrible media laws , apart from the ridiculous classification on games ( no 18 + category ) . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  [ just in case he later changes it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ykhdx.jpg ) . 
  this one is safe ( unless the url can be changed to point at another image , but i do n't think that can happen ... ),
