  you can specialise in whatever style you prefer and might never publicly play anything else , but you should be able to hold your own to some extent in the other forms . 
  if someone grabs a guitar and teaches themselves four chords to play pop songs , then * maybe * you can call them a `` guitarist '' but certainly not a musician . 
  really ? 
  i have to be honest i would be a bit surprised ( if you compare it to / r/classicalmusic or / r/gaming ) if there were n't monthly '' [ check out this awesome old movie i just saw ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casablanca_ ( film ) '' - type posts, 
  to quote the forward to my one-volume edition :, 
   the lord of the rings is often erroneously called a trilogy when it is in fact a single novel consisting of six books and appendices , often published in three volumes . 
  this is really weird , but you 've managed to say the same thing as i did , albeit much more succinctly , and yet you 've gotten upvoted while i was downvoted . 
  redditors confuse me sometimes . 
  just wan na add , gillard already has extensive experience at stabbing in the back , so if the format of this situation was a sort of hunger games type scenario that 'd help her out . 
  actually , that 's another thread that would be interesting . 
  if all the former presidents if the us were to fight to the death , who would win ? 
  in most situations left hand would be more useful , so you can continue to use the mouse . 
  each of the volumes ( fellowship , two towers , return of the king ) is two of the `` books '' , fellowship is 1 & 2 , tt is 3 & 4 , etc. 
  since boromir dies at the beginning of book three , he would actually have had to have read the second volume , the two towers , in order to have experienced his death . 
  damn i wan na hear the whole thing !!, 
  i absolutely love danny boy , and from the little we got to hear , it sounded like an incredibly awesome version !, 
  aww shucks ... thanks !, 
  thanks to you guys for the awesome subreddit , it 's easily my favourite . 
  holy shit , this is actually you !? 
  wow . 
  just wan na say , i played october at the [ fobissea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federation_of_british_international_schools_in_south_east_asia ) music festival in 2009 , in manilla . 
  i lead the clarinets , and i just wan na say fuck you for that incredibly long c at the very beginning !, 
  but seriously , i really liked the piece , i thought it was an absolutely amazing piece of concert band music ( and it 's a shame we had nowhere near the instrumentation necessary for a proper performance of it ) . 
  [ here 's a picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ffaoh.jpg ) , pretty sure it was taken during that opening section ( i 'm front , directly to the left of the conductor , wearing glasses ) . 
  caucasian, 
  single, 
  yes, 
  very strong, 
  all of the above, 
  to an extent, 
  either, 
  depends on the gross age ( e.g. , when you 're 14 an age difference of 1 is quite a lot , but when you 're 30 a larger age difference is much more acceptable ), 
  split ( not necessarily split each date , but overall split it roughly equally ), 
  fine, 
  yes, 
  highly likely, 
  maybe ? 
  you can make a new line by pressing enter twice, 
  like this . 
  or you can put two spaces at the end of the line , followed by a single enter, 
  like this . 
  relevant ... flair ? 
  could you explain how nociception is different from touch ? 
  my interpretation of the wikipedia page is that it is the feeling of pain due to physical , thermal , or chemical ( i 'm not sure what this means in this context ) stimuli . 
  i would have always classified that under the sense of touch , since you `` feel '' the hot or sharp object . 
  i do n't , but apparently du pr\u00e9 is strongly associated with this piece of music , so it should n't be too hard to find . 
  could you explain for the slow amongst us ? 
  on a school trip i was once on the same flight as the north korean soccer ( or junior soccer , or something ) team . 
  a korean ( south , obviously ) from my school got to sit next to one of them , and at one point he drew a map of a unified korea . 
  it was actually really touching , but the reason i 'm telling this story is that he drew pyeongyang as the capital of this korea . 
  cheers . 
  ah , good old muphry 's law . 
   he has made a movie now, 
  now fixed . 
  for taking down gates . 
  while we 're learning new things , you 're right in saying `` the lord of the rings books '' , but probably not for the reason you expect . 
  lotr is n't a trilogy , it 's a single novel consisting of six books plus appendices . 
  as an engineering student , why the hell are you not using the metric system ? 
  without google translate , i 'm going to guess it means, 
  britain is an island . 
  italy is not an island . 
  no , british isles and great britain are both geographical . 
  british isles is all of those islands ( including ireland , great britain , the falklands , etc. 
  ) , while great britain is the island that makes up the mainland of england , scotland , and wales . 
  yeah , it 's a complete spectrum . 
  i choose to self-identify as ambidextrous because i can do a lot of things either right-handed or both , although i certainly lean more towards being a lefty . 
  ah cheers . 
  honestly i 've only ever heard of the falklands , never seen it on a map . 
  what are the names of the two groups of islands just north of scotland ? 
  are they considered part of the british isles ? 
  and i was slightly disappointed the link on `` hebrides '' did n't link to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faxyj1dy-pe ), 
  i personally hate anime . 
  i 've just never seen one that i liked apart from dbz , and i suspect that 's only because i saw it when i was really young . 
  in general , though , i detest dubbing , and i think it should never be done except in children 's shows , because it absolutely ruins the artistic integrity of the show/movie . 
  queue cards !, 
  i did n't realise there was a stigma around dubs in this subreddit , but i will say that as a rule i detest dubs as they ruin the artistic integrity of the original creation . 
  i understand they may be necessary for children , because they ca n't read fast enough to keep up with subtitles , but anyone capable of reading the subtitles should be , imo . 
  eh , i have n't really been getting in to the new characters very much . 
  i mean , i like beast boy and a few others , but i really hope they take more time to explain what happened to some characters that left , why they left and why others are still in it and so on . 
  edit : but i 've been loving what they 've done with mm , i 'm really looking forward to seeing how they continue that development arc . 
  even worse , until we get * affordable * lasers capable of cutting vegies and meat . 
  / u/rafikiknowsdeway seems to think that zombies from voodoo do exist , it 's just that they never became a popular cultural phenomenon . 
  this would explain why zombies do occasionally get mentioned , but not very much . 
  [ that 's not a spoiler ] ( / spoiler ), 
  fuck , i get cold below 20 ... ( brisbane , but have lived in busan and ho chi minh ) . 
  i do n't doubt that the dubbing companies do their very best , but unless they 're working very closely with the original director and ( voice ) actors , it ca n't hope to maintain the original integrity . 
  i 'll admit i 'm talking more about live action films and the like , but it does apply to some extent with anime and other cartoons . 
  [ sorry to disappoint ] ( http://www.psfk.com/2012/08/cut-food-electromagnetic-laser.html ) . 
  i do n't know if it 's a nation-wide thing , but my uni also gives the monday off if saturday is the holiday ( as is the case with aussie day this year ) . 
  i 've seen a lot of people call out cgpgrey on this particular point . 
  sure there may be a lot of money made on royal land , but if it was n't royally owned then it would just be owned by someone else ( would probably default to the government ) , and the money payed by the government would no longer be wasted , but the land could still be used . 
  i do wonder about the tourism aspect , personally i think i agree with grey on that point , but i 'll present the counter-argument for the sake of completeness ( though since i do n't agree with it , i may be misrepresenting it ) . 
  the fact that they are no longer currently used has not meant people do n't go to many other castles in france and other countries , and if you kept many of the tourist attractions ( the guards , for example ) there 's no reason to expect visitors to stop going . 
  they 're only fat because they 're trying to follow you . 
  that 's why they want you to lose weight , so they can too !, 
  this is n't a survey , it 's ( at least mostly ) based on statistics . 
  that said , i still would n't take it as the be-all and end-all . 
  it uses gdp per capita ppp as a large part of it , as well as a bunch of other things including life expectancy at birth , `` quality of family life '' ( based on divorce rates , urgh ... ) , `` the state of political freedoms '' , unemployment rates , climate , crime rates , `` quality of communal life '' ( based on membership in social organisations , which i believe uses churches as the main example , but also includes other communities ) , ratings for corruption , and gender equality . 
  [ here 's the source for that ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/21567049-how-we-calculated-life-satisfaction-lottery-life-methodology ) . 
  personally , i think it 's a pretty rubbish measurement overall , i 'd much rather turn to [ hdi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index ) .
