  the types that do n't want there to be any/much government anyway , and they think that by * not * voting they 're somehow sending a message . 
  25 for video and tv in pal regions . 
  were you diagnosed at the time ? 
  because that 's pretty shitty of them if they * knew * you had adhd and still treated you like that :(, 
  how did the forces in egypt end up reacting ? 
  huh , til . 
  that 's actually quite interesting . 
  my 9800 gt from 2008 could still play most games on at least medium settings a couple of years ago . 
  and i 'm only just now starting to feel any pressure on my core2duo processor running at 3.16 ghz . 
  yeah seriously . 
  i 'm a pc gamer through and through ( have n't owned a consol since the ps2 ) , but by god the exclusives on the playstation system are by far the best on any of the systems . 
  uncharted , heavy rain , last of us , infamous . 
  do n't forget the whole street view thing that they had going on a while back , and more recently the eu 's inane `` right to be forgotten '' bullshit . 
  yeah i do n't think it 's smashing in certain regions , not sure where they got that information ( perhaps thinking of orkut , google 's older social network that was super popular in latin america ? ) . 
  but what it * is * doing is smashing it among certain user groups . 
  photographers , google fans ( particularly android ) , and tech journos are some such groups . 
  seriously , being trained in diplomacy , bluff , and intimidate makes for the best damn characters to play . 
  1 day `` did he find a source ? '', 
  he did . 
  it was just really bad keming . 
  i thought we were talking about the american president , not putin . 
  well , it applies to chuck until season 3 , for sure . 
  you could probably even argue it applies during season 3 if you ignore the intersect . 
  but seasons 4 and 5 he definitely knew what he was doing . 
  no worries :d, 
  the crawl is included as a default title in most film editors , no need for some third party thing . 
   this tutorial requires photoshop 7 or higher . 
  so yeah , you 'll be absolutely fine with it . 
  7 was the last standalone version of photoshop , right before cs came out . 
  yeah i had no idea that was what had happened to chuck until i started listening to [ chuck vs. the podcast ] ( http://www.chuckpodcast.com/ ) ( which i highly recommend to any chuck fans ) . 
  it 's really interesting hearing their speculations when you know what actually happened , and the interviews with cast are really cool . 
  like any intelligent person , i know what i do n't know . 
  i took high school economics , but no further , so my level of understanding is relatively limited . 
  i do know a few things , though . 
  one is that mises is a libertarian organisation , and thus anything it says should be treated with * immense * skepticism . 
  the other is that the article goes against the vast majority of economists worldwide . 
  just as i accept that the vast majority of climate scientists are right in that climate change is real , i choose to believe the experts in the field of economics when they claim low but positive inflation is a good thing . 
  i can argue against a couple of points in the article , but as i said , i 'm not an economist , so i ca n't myself provide a robust counter argument to everything in it . 
  primarily , this statement :, 
   if costs -- which are after all prices themselves -- also fall by the same magnitude ( and there is no reason why they would not ) , profits are unaffected . 
  the answer is simple . 
  depending on the industry , there may be a significant gap between when a good is produced ( i.e. , when the costs are incurred ) and when it is sold ( the profits are gained ) . 
  with deflation , this means that , comparatively , profits will necessarily be lower . 
  obviously many industries have turnaround times that are far too fast to see much significant impact either way , but in things like car sales and mining ( where something has to go from being mined from the ground , to refined , and then put into a form to be used , before actually being made into an end product ) , it 's very easy to see how they could be impacted . 
   i mean , malcolm has been calling him this since season 1, 
  no , malcolm called him that once as a name suggestion . 
  he has n't called him that since then . 
  just for clarification , the difference is that a sociopath would know about other people 's emotions and not care , while someone with asd just ca n't read them ? 
  what actually is a `` bit '' ? 
  as in , what fraction of a bitcoin is it ? 
  [ not according to tumblr it does n't ] ( http://imgur.com/d3mjwrw ) . 
  this is why they need to start using `` gsm '' . 
  gender or sexual minority . 
  it automatically covers everything here , and we do n't need to get an increasingly long and stupid initialism . 
   an engineering class is odd to have more than 2 girls out of a 100, 
  okay it 's bad , but let 's not exaggerate . 
  i 'm studying one of the more infamously sexist fields of engineering , and there 's still at least 10 % women in most classes . 
  and if you 're doing something like chemical engineering , you can expect it to be much higher than that . 
  yeah , it 's a little bit scary , actually . 
  they 're actually trying to alienate people that want to be * on their side * . 
  then those that are left should kill the murderers . 
  hmm yeah , that makes sense . 
  i do n't know abhorsen , but some of nix 's other works probably fit the category as well . 
  keys to the kingdom has a pretty young target audience ( late tween/early teen ) , but it arguably fits this definition . 
  and i 've not actually read it , but his the old kingdom series also fits it , from what i 've heard . 
  not really sure what its target range is . 
  for a very different approach to the same basic idea , john marsden 's `` tomorrow '' series throws a bunch of teenagers into a modern day war environment , and is really good . 
  commbank is completely unrelated to the fact that we 're a part of the commonwealth of nations , though . 
  they 're * only * in australia , really , though they do have some presense in `` new zealand , fiji , asia , usa and the united kingdom '' ( according to wikipedia -- having lived in asia for much of my life , i ca n't say i 've ever seen them here ; anz actually has more of a presense than commbank does ) . 
  note that the usa is in that list , and are n't even in the commonwealth . 
  while on that note , it 's probably also worth noting that the official name of australia is `` commonwealth of australia '' , in the same way that the official name for america is `` united states of america '' . 
  also interesting is that a few `` states '' in the usa officially are called commonwealths , including massachusetts . 
  so , for what it 's worth , i 've done a brief search myself . 
  have n't found any good scholarly articles , but i found a number of informal reports ( and even one comment on a comic strip ) stating that the heavier side would fall down . 
  the best thing i found , though , was [ this patent grant ] ( http://www.google.com/patents/us8678388 ) which states, 
   there is a long history of efforts to bias dice rolls by putting a small weight made of a heavier metal such as lead into the material of the cube to guarantee a statistically uneven outcome , i.e. 
  the more frequent occurrence of the bottom position of the heavier side , with the number or value on the opposite side being shown as the winner one . 
  not great , but certainly better than nothing . 
  it 's a shame , though . 
  i was kinda hoping that your claim would be correct , just because it would be some really interesting trivia . 
  which version did you play with ? 
  ( and which module , if it 's a standard one ? ), 
  but wow , i * really * like your drawing style . 
  this is really awesome . 
  seriously , i fucking love their chips . 
  do they ? 
  whenever i 'm at the eatery in chermside or the myer 's eatery on queen st. it always seems to be getting next to no traffic compared to everyone else there . 
  many people use the term `` australia '' to refer to oceania as a whole . 
  it 's never sat well with me , but considering that apart from america , all the others are continents , it makes sense that people would interpret australia is being the continental definition , here . 
  not to mention , with windows 8.1 , you can completely ignore the metro interface if you want to anyway . 
  good news story , but how is this australian * politics * ? 
  / r/australia would probably be a better place for this . 
  edit : made this comment before i realised how big a deal this story was . 
  still does n't really have a place here , but `` good news story '' was probably not the best way to describe it . 
  i 'm curious , where are you ? 
  it 's working for me here in vietnam . 
  in that context , `` guy '' is gender neutral . 
  i 'm curious , what does that study classify as `` childhood trauma '' ? 
  fact : 76 % of people will believe any statement if you include a statistic in it . 
  australians overseas .
