  ( ` we ' in quotes because i was n't even born at the time . ), 
  aww man , i used to love this game . 
  quit not long after farming was introduced , so / r/2007scape is probably a bit too modern for me . 
  is / r/2006scape a thing ? 
  you 're right , atheism is boring . 
  but atheism is based in the idea that there is no god . 
  most atheists are in fact agnostic , meaning that they believe there is no god , but recognise that they can not be certain about that . 
  the fundamental idea of atheism for most people really is that there 's no reason we should believe there 's a god , as there 's no real evidence for it . 
  however , many atheists are open to the idea of a non-interventionist deity , for example one that created the world ( by starting the ` big bang ' , for example ) and then let it do its thing . 
  maybe there 's even some sort of soul and afterlife as well . 
  but since there 's no evidence that this is true , atheists take the stance that it does n't matter . 
  if there 's no evidence it 's true , then we can not know either way , so why should you let it shape how you live your life ? 
  just be a good person in life , and you can leave the world knowing you were a good person . 
  you should n't need the promise of an afterlife to do that . 
  nothing . 
  atheism itself is n't a thing . 
  it is only the lack of belief in a god . 
  many forms of buddhism are in fact atheist , for example . 
  but for most people , atheism is about a belief in trusting empirical evidence and the scientific method , and anything that ca n't be proven or disproven by this is irrelevant . 
  you can accept them or not , the choice is yours , so long as you accept evidence where it does exist . 
  i 've had nothing but good experiences with government agencies , medicare , tmr ( i believe it 's the equivalent of the us 's dmv ) , and auspost for getting a tfn have all been really quick experiences -- no more than 15 minutes waiting , and the people running them have really known their stuff and been helpful . 
  i do n't know if it 's just that we do things like that better here , or that i 've been lucky , but i 've certainly never had any issues . 
  only if it comes with a phone . 
  oh god , the word ` sleep ' was the end of the first line of your comment on my phone , and i read it as i was scrolling down . 
  i did * not * like where that was going . 
  and then i read the second line and it 's all cool . 
  accurate , too . 
  queensland 's department of transport and main roads . 
  haha no worries . 
  if you do n't interact with then frequently there 's no reason you should know what they 're called . 
  i looked it up for that previous comment . 
   there was never a bank in lumbridge, 
  urgh damn this . 
  getting from lumbridge to whatever the nearest major town was ( i forget ... ) an awesome first challenge . 
  still , glad they did n't change it too much . 
  i assume that ' 07scape is without that exchange thing ( grand exchange or something , i was gone long before that so i do n't really know what it is ... ) that they put in , too ? 
  ah , the good ol' baader-meinhof phenomenon . 
  wow thanks for this . 
  i had never heard of it before . 
  the [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vexations ) about it is an incredible read , although it feels as though it was written by someone who studied this at a high level . 
  it does n't read at all like a wikipedia article . 
  i found it interesting to note that there 's no actual indication that this should be played 840 times . 
  the instructions merely say that if one were to perform it 840 times , you would need to prepare in a given manner . 
  nah mate , she 'll be right . 
  i would be very interested to hear what happened off stage , 
  sorry that that happened to you , but god damn this is adorable !, 
  by the way , is he named after general iroh ? 
  to be fair , korea does frequently rate either first or second in fastest internet in the world . 
  true . 
  over double our national population in an area 1.5 times the area of tasmania . 
  worse than that , even . 
  [ you only need sydney 's , melbourne 's , and brisbane 's greater capital city statistical areas/significant urban areas to reach a population of 11.1 m ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cities_in_australia_by_population ) . 
  based on the [ 2011 census population ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australia ) of 21.5 m and the 2013 estimate of 23.1 m , that 's 22.3 m in 2012 , where the city statistics come from . 
  that 's exactly ( within rounding ) half of australia 's population in not five but only 3 cities . 
  i agree , and so , it seems , does everyone in this thread . 
  can i extend that to never * buy * a game from eb games ? 
  unless it 's on sale for cheaper than you could get overseas ( which is unlikely ) , it 's just a complete rip off . 
   this will allow industries such as clothing manufacturing to operate in australia rather than china, 
  countries should specialise in the production of goods and services for which they have the lowest opportunity cost of production . 
  of course , that does n't mean that countries should n't try and shift things around to make the production of certain goods and services more profitable , that 's how new industries come to exist on a large scale , but i do n't think going back to manufacturing clothes in australia is beneficial at all . 
  the fuck ? 
  why ? 
  vietnam 's economy is pretty decent , but the dong is an incredibly weak currency that is near impossible to exchange anywhere outside vietnam . 
  not that there would be any reason to make this change even if there was . 
  if i do n't smoke can i sell my excess to others ? 
  ( presuming ` free cannabis ' does n't mean free * unlimited * cannabis . ), 
  because if so i 'm all in favour of this . 
  no one . 
  fixed inflation-adjusted income . 
  ( semi / s ), 
  yeah that 's true . 
  i just like painting the complete picture . 
  nearly exactly half of australia 's population is in the greater areas of sydney , melbourne , and brisbane alone . 
  personally i know about it , but choose not to use it because i just love google maps . 
  if i could get google 's android maps app to integrate with openstreetmap i would , but i love the easy syncing from computer to phone and google now to maps . 
  ca n't give that up just for slightly better maps . 
  that 's true , but what 's the point ? 
  every government also does some things that are not dumb . 
  haha dammit terror , you beat me to it , as always . 
  yeah , the actual wording of the instructions were, 
   in order to play the theme 840 times in succession , it would be advisable to prepare oneself beforehand , and in the deepest silence , by serious immobilities, 
  in other words , * if * you want to play it 840 times , * then * it might be a good idea to prepare yourself by being silent and not moving . 
  but he does n't actually say that you * should * play it 840 times ; at least not specifically . 
  but reading about the intentions of it , regarding the anti-german/anti-wagnerian intentions of satie , or its use of modal harmony , was also really interesting . 
  what he 's talking about is how iroh ii is voiced by dante basco , the voice of zuko . 
  it would be awkward if they both meet and are talking . 
  secondary sources are fine too in many contexts . 
  wikipedia and other encyclop\u00e6dias are tertiary resources which should only ever be used as a launching point . 
  people who care enough to research will already research despite the ads . 
  perhaps a few people would decide to do more research on their own specifically because ads were banned , but i highly doubt it would be many . 
  all you 'd end up with is a much larger number of people voting purely based on past ideology , or not voting at all ( in the case of somewhere without compulsory voting ) . 
  just a note , practise is the verb . 
  in non-us english practice is still used for the noun . 
  but yeah , spelling style choices are a huge issue on wikipedia . 
  the official stance is that if the content implies a more appropriate style then that should be used ( e.g. , an american person/movie/business 's article should be in american english , a british person/movie/business 's article should be in british english ) , and that if there 's no clear one to pick then it should be standardised as whatever was * first * used on that article . 
  original research will be removed . 
  that 's about the only relevant rule in this case . 
  well , wp : or , wp : v , and wp : npov are all related in some form . 
  just trying to standardise this to the official wikipedia lingo . 
   do you really need a citation to know that green is associated with nature , among other things,
