   it * may * also explore ... crime-fighting, 
  [ emphasis mine ], 
  well that 's not a great sign for a super hero show ... 
  it certainly felt very pilot-y to me . 
  i 'd be surprised if there 's anything from it past the first two episodes at most . 
  got a non-restricted link ? 
  have to say , i agree wholeheartedly with the commentor from that link :, 
   actually better than the first . 
  the music in the first sounded like something from a chick flick film . 
  the second one was more like it, 
  this second promo has me * so much more hyped * than the first one did . 
   being an old-school thief-in-law ... does n't automatically mean you kill everyone in a restaurant, 
  while i kinda agree with many of the other points you made , i find this one relatively weak . 
  if someone who i suspected was really high up in a criminal organisation came near me , you better fucking believe i 'm going to get scared , even if i know , logically , that there 's no reason he 'd kill me at all . 
  personally , if i saw someone with tough looking tattoos on their arms , and a giant scar on their face , i 'd be scared . 
  does n't matter if i knew whether they 're authentic gang tattoos with a specific meaning or not . 
  wait normal bookstores sell them ? 
  damn ... i never even looked at any of those before buying online , because i assumed only the dedicated hobby/nerd stores that were listed on [ wizards ' store locator ] ( http://locator.wizards.com/ ) would have them . 
  i went round to * literally every * store in my city and all of them had crap prices ( between $ 59.95 and $ 60.00 ) . 
  never even thought to do more than the most cursory check of book stores . 
  i wanted it to be in the arrowverse , and i still wish it was in the arrowverse , but this first look makes me think that they are at least taking full advantage of the krypton stuff in a way that they probably could n't have if superman did n't exist . 
  so i 'm a lot * less * disappointed than i thought i would be . 
  she seems like she 's not just * inspired * by superman , but has had a much closer relationship with him throughout her life . 
  if it were the flash or arrow who inspired her to become a superhero , it would have had to be a much more shallow relationship . 
   for once, 
  i could be wrong , but surely there have n't been enough representations of her to be able to say that ? 
  she was in the movie that was tied in with the superman movies of the ... was it the 70s ? 
  and that movie was just a total cash grab in general , so i would n't blame it on kara specifically . 
  and she 's been in justice league from the dcau ( and personally , i thought she was a total badass in that ) . 
  what else has she been in ? 
   cbs is such an network, 
  were you missing an adjective in there ? 
  saying `` such a network '' sounds to me like praise , but the rest of the comment made me think like you meant to include a * negative * adjective in there . 
  is there a reason networks never sell the rights to cancelled shows ? 
  it 's like , if a show gets cancelled , it pretty much always means there 's no hope for the show . 
  why do n't they sell the show to make a little quick cash , and then the fans can be happy because someone else can continue to make the show they love on a network that might be more suited to it . 
  i 'm not really sure how all this works . 
  since i 'm not american i do n't understand the subtlety of different networks in america . 
  i was also very skeptical after i saw this . 
  but have you watched the second one that 's been released ? 
  i was way more positive after watching that than i was after this . 
   or staying out of it entirely, 
  that is exactly what i would do . 
  and that would present itself by me suddenly becoming much quieter than i was before . 
  you seen the second trailer yet ? 
  it definitely looks a lot more exciting than this one . 
  think you can blame the cut for the romcommyness of this one . 
   so that leaves hawkeye , and hulk, 
  wait , why would hawkeye and hulk be * more * able to help than iron man ? 
  surely iron man with his flying suit would be able to get there much faster than hawkeye would . 
  but i agree with you in general . 
  just that one statement did n't make sense to me . 
   when writing sql i feel like i 'm shouting to an old server who has hearing problems, 
  hahaha yeah same . 
  it 's pretty amusing . 
  but thanks for the information . 
  i 've been using sql but always wrote queries as though they were case sensitive , just to be safe . 
  on that note , do you know of any general style guide that 's decent ? 
  i did some googling but could n't find anything that seemed reliable . 
  so far ( thankfully , not very far yet ) i 've just been making it up as i go along . 
  wait , white canary is a real character ? 
  i was assuming that / u/todrick 's comment was a joke ... 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://www.supergirl.tv/2nd-trailer-behind-the-scenes ) there 's a pretty cool behind the scenes video on that page . 
  [ also here 's the / r/supergirltv comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/supergirltv/comments/35xxz6/2nd_supergirl_trailer_and_short_behind_the_scenes/ ) . 
  oh yeah , that makes much more sense . 
  oh ... that 's actually kinda disappointing ... 
  i love anti heroes , but cold was just such a brilliant villain . 
  i 'm not sure i like the idea of him becoming a hero ... 
  that moment made me happy three times over . 
  once when the girls started being happy . 
  once when phil started looking at them , and them being happy made him happy . 
  and again when phil actually said `` i made that '' , when it tied their two little stories this episode together . 
  that was just so adorable . 
  a brilliant moment . 
  they referenced it again fairly recently , i think . 
  maybe episode 20 , 21 , or 22 this season ? 
  unless my brain is just melting . 
  2 years `` wonder what the limit on this thing is ? 
  also , did he call it ? '', 
  3 years `` probably should set a second reminder just in case . '', 
   because of the shame of his family 's collapse , he decides to reinvent himself and to call himself `` coach '', 
  is this referencing something ? 
  an anti hero is a type of hero . 
  if he 's going to be an anti hero he certainly still is a hero , which is * very * distinct from a villain . 
  i 've turned it off , and it never turns back on for me . 
  only time it ever turns on is in the very rare circumstances ( probably happened like twice since the feature started ) i explicitly decide to turn it back on . 
  it does automatically turns on when i visit youtube incognito , where i 'm not signed in . 
  but that said , it 's just so damn annoying most of the time . 
  an absolutely terrible feature to be on by default . 
  honestly i 'm just really glad to hear it 's a problem other people have noticed . 
  edit : heh , submitted that comment before i got to the bit where grey mentioned that he already knows about the ability to turn it off . 
  whoops ... 
  edit the second : well that 's embarrasing . 
  made that edit right as grey said the thing about people never following it up with a correction ... in their defence though , grey , in your case it could be that they just do n't want to bother you with the extra email , on account of you not wanting to get too much email . 
  this is great . 
  i love the framing of it with the bridge in the bottom right , and the contrast between light and dark . 
  umm ... 
  thanks ? 
  do you have some sort of cookie reseter , or do you sometimes log out of youtube , or something ?
