  it 's cumulative . 
  mozart operas are performed only the percentage of the height of the blue area itself . 
  it 's actually really , * really * easy to do on modern instruments . 
  i 'm not a percussionist by any stretch , but i 've enjoyed playing around with percussion instruments in down time after rehearsals , so when my local amateur orchestra could n't find an actual percussionist , they got me to play . 
  a lot of the pieces we play are really poorly written for timpani , requiring some very quick retunings ( the worst was probably tuning the higher of two timpani from a d to a c , while rolling on the lower timpani for one bar ) . 
  with a fair bit of practice , i was able to get those retunings down pat to use in performance . 
  for an actual dedicated percussionist , i can only assume it 's even easier . 
  the pitch indicators are moveable , so what you generally do is tune before the performance to get them pretty much spot on . 
  it 's not perfect , but because of the low range and the very thick timbre of the timpani , it 's generally good enough . 
  even if not relying on the indicators , good musician wo n't need a pitch pipe in most cases , since they can figure it out relative to the previous tuning or the orchestra 's key . 
  [ not true . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wool ), 
  if homebrew is fine , then a few levels of [ ice queen warlock ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/boh5e/comments/4dzetu/ice_queen_patron_by_ujonoman3000/ ) is a must , with perhaps a reflavouring of * eldritch blast * to be cold instead of force . 
  seriously , what sort of shit site would use that as a valid metric ? 
  if you 're a normal user who just plays games that they 've bought on steam , you 're not going to get anywhere * near * to that level . 
  that 's not a metric to weed out bots , it 's going to weed out anyone who has n't fully bought in to valve 's coolaid . 
  you should use the one from the most updated version . 
  that 's the one that got the highest reviews , and the one the creator prefers . 
  personally , i think the movement one has great flavour for someone attempting to play an elsa-like character . 
  the * shape water * cantrip is actually really really lame as it 's written ; you can only move water 5 ft. per round . 
  leaving a trail of ice wherever you step just sounds so cool for flavour , and can also be useful in a fight . 
  one almost wishes that , in this case , the `` can bring a horse to water , but ca n't force it to drink '' phrase were literal . 
  no you did n't . 
  liar . 
  brisbane winters make me miss living in saigon . 
  i 'll be honest , over * there * i feel uncomfortably cold at night or early in the morning during the `` winter '' months . 
  brisbane is far too much for me . 
  hint : username, 
  wernham hogg slough branch 4 lyf !, 
  he was quoting the episode , not actual train prices ... 
  star trek ? 
  i 'm pretty sure trek has only ever * once * been revamped . 
  there 's the tv shows + old movies timeline , and there 's the new movies timeline . 
  it 's especially unique among modern fictional universes in that there are going to be , once the new show comes out , there 'll be two completely separate timelines of more or less the same universe going concurrently . 
  * though , one ought to plough through a rough cough in order to get out of the borough * and onto that yacht . 
  english is fucking weird . 
  that 's utter bullshit . 
  it 's not a huge amount of effort to allow someone to use their preferred keyboard layout , and as you can attest , it is an * enormous * handicap . 
  if it were me , i would be lodging a formal complaint and would take it as far as it can be taken . 
  if possible , try using [ this ] ( http://www.theworldofstuff.com/dvorak/dvorak.html ) . 
  it 'll involve a lot of copy paste , which is n't ideal , but it 's probably better than trying to get by on a shit keyboard layout . 
  ah , i see what you 're getting at . 
  personally , i view it as something completely different to what poor spidey has had to go through , with three different actors in three different continuities in his last four cinematic appearances . 
   daredevil looks way better but has some serious issues . 
  i 've got ta be honest , season 2 just did n't do anything for me . 
  it felt like it was just going get through the motions . 
  personally , my order is probably gotham , jessica jones , flash , supergirl , daredevil , arrow , legends of tomorrow . 
  but it 's a rough order , and if you asked me again in a week it 'd probably change a little , especially in the top half . 
  i do n't watch aos because honestly i 've only heard bad things about it before this thread , and the mcu does n't interest me very much ( the netflix shows are great , but mostly separate from the main mcu , where i hear aos interacts with it more ) . 
  politicians in the past were so cool . 
  roosevelt , churchill , keating , and the like . 
  these days politicians are far too managed , and if they did something like this there 'd be way too much media blowback . 
   amazon is just doing it world-wide . 
  no they are n't . 
  they do n't even * sell * the damned thing here in aus , let alone at a competitive rate . 
  aside to the aside , it 's actually pronounced `` lef tenant '' in british and australian ( and probably irish and nz ) english . 
  comes down form the old french word leuftenant , i believe . 
  i do , too , but if it 's an exam , there 's a good chance the computer will be locked down and he wo n't have the permissions necessary to do that . 
  i mean , it 's up to you how you deal with this , but i completely disagree with your claim that `` this is just the kind of situation one should know they 'll get themselves into . 
  i should have remembered to readapt to qwerty a week in advance or so '' . 
  this exam is not meant to test your qwerty typing abilities , it 's meant to test your ability to programme under time pressure . 
  you should not be put at a disadvantage because of their shitty administration . 
  * they * should be able to accommodate * you * , not the other way around . 
  yes , the current is episode 21 , the stickied thread is incorrect . 
  not sure what you mean regarding episode 19 . 
  it happened a while back . 
  why would proof of purchase matter ? 
  it 's an apple product , so it does n't matter where you bought it . 
  think of it like returning something to the * manufacturer * , rather than the store you bought it at . 
  that is such shit advice . 
  one does n't have to be able to do something to provide criticism . 
  film critics are not also filmmakers . 
  non musicians can hear a wrong note in a performance ( sometimes ) . 
  anyone can notice a mistake or an area for improvement with just an interest in the field , they do n't have to be a creator in the field . 
  i 'll just join in on the chorus of pocket casts fans . 
  ads ? 
  in a podcatcher ? 
  i honestly ca n't even imagine putting up with that . 
  it 's no wonder you were unhappy !, 
  my personal recommendation would be to avoid free podcatchers from companies that do n't have an obvious other source of income . 
  for the price of a single coffee , pocket casts has gotten me through hundreds of hours of great content . 
  no ads or any other crap like that . 
  just does what you want a podcatcher to do . 
  well in that case i have no idea what they were even trying to say when they said `` amazon is just doing it world-wide . '', 
  just so you know , reddit does n't page if you name more than three people in one comment . 
  i made a paging bot a while back for use in another subreddit , but unfortunately it would be difficult to get it working for this kind of use case , since it relies on a static page in the subreddit wiki . 
  personally , i think it 's a shame that you removed ambuscade . 
  it was a cool feature , and while it was massively overpowered as a one level dip feature , put later in the progression like you did makes it far more worthwhile . 
  ps , you spelt my name wrong anyway :p, 
  they do n't really need dex * that * much . 
  they 're able to wield a shield to get their ac up , and they add con anyway . 
  they can choose to up dex as well if they really want to concentrate on tanking and avoiding damage , but it 's not * super * necessary . 
  especially with their massive hp pool , and the fact that they can halve the damage taken from most attacks . 
  hahahahaha . 
  organise . 
  no but seriously , my organisation is terrible . 
  at the moment , i keep my piano music in a pile on the bookshelf near the piano , with whatever i 've been playing most recently on top . 
  my clarinet music sits in a draw in my room , also with the most recent stuff on top . 
  saxophone music is scattered , some in a pocket in the sax case , some in the same pile as the clarinet music . 
  but then , i do n't have an enormous amount of stuff to organise , anyway .
