  d , e , f etc. 
  somewhere below that . 
  i 'd absolutely incredible and anyone not using it , if their platform is supported by it , is making a * mistake * . 
  i absolutely love being able to auto upload my screenshots to imgur , but in general its flexibility and ease of use make it an incredible application . 
  sharex is highly customisable do you can set it up perfectly for your workflow . 
  maybe you want it automatically saved in a particular directory , or in one of a couple of different directories ; maybe you sometimes want full screen , sometimes only a selection ; sharex can handle that for you , just set a different key combination for each unique workflow you want . 
  for the above example , i might use ctrl-prntscrn - [ shift ] - [ num ] , where shift is used to toggle area selection , and various numbers are associated with each relevant directory . 
  personally all i do is set ctrl-shift-3 to full screen and ctrl-shift-4 to area selection , \u00e0 la macos , except i have them upload to imgur because most of my screenshots on windows are for reddit anyway . 
  ( i mostly use linux or macos for dev stuff . ), 
  access ? 
  he keeps his databases in microsoft excel . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was a background or something that let you just know every language . 
  there was also a feat that gave you a bonus to insight based on how many languages you know . 
   i do n't think its invalid to suggest that 5e 's preoccupation with `` natural language '' has made some rules a little obscure or difficult to parse . 
  true . 
  there are definitely a lot of cases where this has been a problem , especially with spell descriptions imo . 
  but there is nothing at all ambiguous or obscure about how proficiency works . 
  it 's laid out quite clearly . 
  the people asking about it just have poor reading comprehension , or have n't read the relevant section * at all * . 
   i used to read his rules answers articles/tweets for constructive information on edge-cases, 
  if you still want that , they occasionally do a sage advice segment in the official d&d podcast , and you get some really good insight into their reasoning behind certain mechanics , some interesting edge cases , as well as the explanation of basic stuff we get from tweets . 
  the podcast also does a lore you should know segment which is quite interesting and does what it says on the tin . 
  most of the rest of the podcast is pretty skippable . 
  i do n't agree . 
  as you say , expertise is a * class * feature . 
  it is n't a general game term , and anyone using it as such is in error . 
  it 's that simple . 
   * war magic : replace it with ; `` you can use action surge to cast a non-damaging spell with a casting time of 1 action as a reaction '' . 
  would n't this be a need compared to what it currently is ? 
  if you use action surge , you can cast a full action spell ( which also allows you to make an attack ) , and use a bonus action , and make a full attack action . 
  your system would remove the extra attack on a spell , and remove the bonus action . 
  and yet mine frequently fails to recognise my voice and tells me to unlock it with fingerprint , which itself sometimes tells me that just for security it needs my pin instead . 
  the uk has n't officially left yet , only announced their official intentions to do so . 
  feel free to ask around for ideas in the arcana forge , but all posts have to have homebrew that is at least complete in terms of material presented even if its not balanced or fleshed out . 
  this post does n't have homebrew that is fleshed out enough to be a post of its own on unearthed arcana , so i am removing it . 
  mine always * recognises * me , at least when my finger is n't sweaty , the problem i have is that sometimes it basically says `` i do n't care , enter your pin for extra security '' . 
  going off memory , the level 6 fiend warlock ability might be interesting to you . 
  imagine if you put a small bomb under the skin of your palm . 
  like that . 
  it 's certainly later than most , but absolutely not too late . 
  i know many people who picked up instruments around that age and got at least pretty good . 
  the biggest tip i can give is to get a teacher . 
  a musical instrument is simply not something one can teach oneself tlvia online resources . 
  you need feedback on what you 're doing wrong and why , especially at the early stages . 
  we at / r/dndgreentext absolutely * need * css . 
  the chances of being able to do the single most basic part of our required functionality with some other styling system are essentially nil . 
  as the name implies , we need to be able to display actual `` greentext '' , \u00e0 la 4chan . 
  currently , we repurpose block quotes for that . 
  we also add in paragraphing to our greentext by utilising horizontal lines . 
  it 's absolutely critical to us for our entire subreddit to make sense . 
  this change would probably be disastrous for us . 
  we at / r/dndgreentext absolutely * need * css . 
  the chances of being able to do the single most basic part of our required functionality with some other styling system are essentially nil . 
  as the name implies , we need to be able to display actual `` greentext '' , \u00e0 la 4chan . 
  currently , we repurpose block quotes for that . 
  we also add in paragraphing to our greentext by utilising horizontal lines . 
  it 's absolutely critical to us for our entire subreddit to make sense . 
  this change would probably be disastrous for us . 
  if we ca n't have full css control , it 'd be nice to be able to apply css-like commands to be applied to text in self posts and user comments . 
  that 'd ease the transition for us at / r/dndgreentext a lot , since the only essential part of our css is the one that 's applied on comments ' and self posts ' block quotes . 
  yeah i agree , it 's surprisingly low . 
  i 'm pretty sure my parents own close to $ 1 million in property , and they 're pretty solidly middle class . 
  we * want * politicians to make enough to afford this kind of thing , otherwise it would be even more rare for anyone who 's not a rich lawyer or businessman to become a politician than it already is . 
  the only thing that i would say to the opposite view is that this number is the amount owned in the politicians ' name . 
  the last thread , where it listed individual politicians and each of their properties , raised a number of comments pointing out that homes owned under their spouses ' names would not be counted . 
  thus the number shown might be much lower than reality . 
  normally i agree , and i 've seen more difficult arrangements of the entertainer than the standard one before , and disliked them . 
  but this one is n't just more difficult , it goes for a very different style . 
  a sort of boogie woogie jazz arrangement , rather than ragtime . 
  and i think the difficulty is kinda irrelevant : the arrangement is exactly as necessary to get across that driving feeling . 
  yeah my group does the same . 
  we use rolls for social `` pvp '' all the time . 
  the role does n't tell the other player what they have to do , only how persuasive or convincing the other player was being . 
  if they 're still adamantly against the idea , they are allowed to say no , even if the persuasion roll was a 24 against their insight of 5 . 
  fighter/rogue is exactly what i would do . 
  i really like the idea of a character like faramir/the ithilien rangers . 
  an incredibly skilled warrior , able to wear heavy armour in battle , but prefers the more stealthy technique , going at enemies with a longbow from off in the trees . 
  sneak attack and the archery fighting style are perfect at reflecting this . 
  better the devil you know , i guess . 
  tablespoon ? 
  what are you , a kiwi ? 
  i 'm gon na go make myself a milo right now , using my ladle . 
  i mean , yeah , it 's fucking huge , but for a country with proper missile capabilities , an accurate strike could also be really fucking devastating . 
  far more than more so , relatively speaking , than an attack on most other developed countries . 
  an attack on sydney or melbourne could wipe out as much as one fifth of australia 's entire population . 
  compare that with an attack on london , which gets less than one seventh of brits , or paris , which is not even one in twenty nine . 
  point is , australia 's * size * per se does n't make it better defended against an attack . 
  of course , for north korea , the problem is that it 's just way , way too far , so the whole thing is moot . 
  interestingly , south korea has about one fifth of its population in seoul . 
   at this stage it will be ran using a modified stv system, 
  modified how ? 
  also , how are votes collected/stored , and are voters both anonymous and properly restricted to a single vote ? 
  as much as i * love * grey and especially his animal politics videos , his stv video is one of the weaker ones , at least if you consider only the main video . 
  not only does it vastly oversimplify the maths , he also does n't explain very well how second preferences are distributed . 
  both of these are very well explained in two of the followup videos he did , but at that point you 're watching over 15 minutes of videos ( main + election walkthrough + hare vs droop , at a minimum ) to get the same essential information as this 2 minute video . 
   apparently even long-time dvorak typists are now recommending new learners to go for colemak instead of dvorak, 
  eh , not really . 
  a few colemak supporters hang out in this sub , but most dvorak typists will tell you to learn dvorak . 
  colemak sacrifices being the best keyboard layout it can for being more similar to qwerty , which they * claim * makes it easier to learn for someone proficient in qwerty . 
  personally i have always found this dubious , because it seems more likely to me to be a case of negative skill transfer ; that it 's so close it could be easy to confuse one for the other .
