  1 . full screen, 
  2 . full screen mac, 
  3 . safe mode, 
  i do n't even know what power armour is , so i guess google was smart enough not to throw that at me . 
  yeah it 's css based , and unfortunately most mobile apps do n't use custom css . 
  counter-reset : zero-index-counter -1 ;, 
  counter-increment : zero-index-counter ;, 
  content : counter ( zero-index-counter ) '' . 
  float : left ;, 
  is how it 's done , for those curious ( but too lazy to check the stylesheet ) . 
   universities are free to set pricing to produce what the market needs, 
  this is where you 're wrong . 
  it has * no * basis in basic economic theory . 
  that 's just not how it works . 
  the rule is :, 
   your proficiency bonus ca n't be added to a single die roll or other number more than once . 
  occasionally , your proficiency bonus might be modified ( doubled or halved , for example ) before you apply it . 
  if a circumstance suggests that your proficiency bonus applies more than once to the same roll or that it should be multiplied more than once , you nevertheless add it only once , multiply it only once , and halve it only once . 
  it probably would be better if natural swimmer was reworded to be more like expertise , just to make it clearer ( along with also saying `` you are considered proficient ... '' ) , but because of the rule that always applies to proficiency , it is n't strictly * necessary * . 
  urgh what ... gog is now doing that community challenge/xp bullshit too ? 
  it was bad enough when steam did it ... 
  haha i love it . 
  name and shame the subs that ban you !, 
  but why are / r/parenting and / r/askwomen not linked to properly ? 
  mate , do n't feed the trolls . 
  it 's not worth your time . 
  [ someone had , kinda , ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4oei2g/til_that_the_most_lethal_sport_riot_in_history/d4cargj ) further up the thread . 
  but it 's still nice to see it referenced by name . 
  so , i 've just found out the show was a thing , from an ad on youtube . 
  how exactly did the modernise it ? 
  are ellie and the gang not from a small country town any more ? 
  is there a lot more technology ? 
  i read the books in the mid 2000s , and had no idea it was meant to be set nearly two decades prior . 
  i do n't think it 's really a series that * needed * modernising . 
  that said , i have n't seen the show yet . 
  i 'm hesitant to watch it after being burned by the film ... 
  i believe they 're not saying * you 're * wrong , but that what the government did is wrong . 
  you do n't think * any * of the politicians actually want to make australia a better place ? 
  i would guess that the vast majority of people who get into politics do so wanting exactly that . 
  maybe the ones that are most successful within their parties ( especially labor and the coalition ) -- that is , the ones who tend to be ministers and front benchers -- are more likely to be purely in it for selfish reasons , but i suspect many , * many * local mps and senators truly do want to help . 
  they have wildly different ideas about what it actually means to make the country a better place , and some of them are probably extremely misguided , but i think they do * want * to help . 
  speaking of the greens , though , i 'm sure you 've heard of scott ludlum . 
  he 's the internet 's darling politician , but it 's for a reason . 
  he really * does * seem to care quite deeply about the issues . 
  if , like you say , even he is only interested in `` those who donate the most money '' , then he 's an extremely good actor , and would probably do better in hollywood than canberra . 
  only if they get elected . 
  which they ca n't , in the house of representatives . 
  in effect , the lower house is a completely two-party system with a couple of exceptions . 
  the senate , of course , is a whole other story , but even it is largely dominated by the three main parties , who together currently make up 68 of the 76 seats . 
  depends . 
  i want them involved in the infrastructure , but not in the content . 
  i 'm surprised that there is n't more talk about the environment , to be honest . 
  this may be just me , but it seems like it 's shaping up to be one of the warmest winters on record . 
  this time last year was unbearably cold for me , but this year i 've been pretty much fine . 
  and i * know * that this autumn was among the hottest on record . 
  hi , i 've added the appropriate flair for you this time , but in the future please remember to add the appropriate flair to your post . 
  hi , i 've added the appropriate flair for you this time , but in the future please remember to add the appropriate flair to your post . 
  i still have n't seen the first leadership debate , because when i went to watch it ( not live -- after the fact ) , iview just refused to play it for me . 
  we have serious need for better technology in this country . 
  both in terms of more reliable internet , but also in terms of fostering a stronger tech community so that services like iview can get more reliable software . 
  hey sorry , but i 've removed this post for violating post rule 1 . 
   the content has to be complete in terms of material presented . 
  it does n't have to be perfect or balanced but it does have to be fleshed out . 
  if you want to solicit more general ideas , you should try asking in [ our latest arcana forge megathread ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 4mstt9/the _ arcana_forge / ) . 
  it 's not just norwegians . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone has this problem . 
  there 's an actual achievement in the game on steam called mountain blade . 
  `` kill 10 parties of mountain bandits '' . 
  not super impressive , unfortunately . 
  the oxford comma is just fucking common sense . 
  there is literally no good reason not to do it . 
  but double spaces after a full stop ? 
  * why ? 
  * it looks ugly af . 
  it 's more work on your part . 
  it serves no functional purpose . 
  i 'm not sure how well that holds up as an argument -- do n't get me wrong , i agree with the conclusion , just press the gods damned full stop key , it 's only this particular reasoning that does n't seem very strong to me . 
  since the spacebar is a special key , you could double press it with both thumbs in quick succession . 
  [ spaces are pep !, 
  ] ( https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/#tabs-or-spaces ), 
  you should be using spaces , but your ide or editor should be automatically doing all the indentation for you anyway !, 
  spaces v. tabs is basically meaningless because the editor does everything behind the scenes . 
  i 'm 22 , and use touch based devices heaps . 
  but holy fuck no the logic does n't carry over . 
  it 's two entirely different paradigms . 
  the same reason it 's easy to use a superior keyboard layout on desktop while sticking with qwerty on touch screens . 
  the two formats are entirely unrelated . 
  honestly natural scrolling , if you 're using a touchpad or an apple mouse , really is superior . 
  on a mouse with a scrollwheel though , it can fuck right off . 
  this is the type of thing that should really be opt-in , not opt out . 
  it 's a radical change that is nearly universally for the worse . 
  perhaps a few weirdos might be unable to mentally separate desktop from mobile , and they might want to turn it on . 
  but for most of us , it 's just an inconsistent behaviour that 's going to cause more problems than it solves . 
  that 's the problem with a forum like dm 's guild , it does n't have a strong culture of review and improvement . 
  personally , the only stuff i would allow is stuff that 's been posted in / r/unearthedarcana and received positive reception . 
  the great thing about that subreddit is a strong culture of posting things to get feedback , and then incorporating that feedback into future iterations . 
  it means you can easily spot the good stuff from the bad , and most of it 's fairly good by the second or third iteration . 
  dm 's guild just does n't have any of that . 
  it 's barely a step ahead of dandwiki , and i would not trust it . 
  plausible deniability .
