  blood siphon , i like . 
  an interesting use of an ability score as well , rather than the ability mod -- there are n't enough of those in the game imo . 
  exsanguination is a really awesome ability . 
  i feel like the exorcist 's prerequisite `` complete a special task '' could use a better name . 
  something like `` overcome an evil spirit '' . 
  i have n't had the chance to read past there yet . 
  i mean , in hindsight it 's kinda obvious , so maybe i 'm just a bit thick or something . 
  but yeah , i went looking for that bit for ages and could n't find it . 
  if it were its own subheading that might have been clearer . 
   the non-metric measurements are imperial, 
  actually no . 
  while us customary units share most of their names and some of their values with imperial units , they are not the same . 
  the us gallon , for example , is about 0.83 imperial gallons . 
  in fact , outside of the three main units of distance , temperature , and pounds , there 's not much they share in common in terms of value . 
  and iso is headquartered in switzerland . 
  the thing is , compare cadbury to hershey 's . 
  they occupy pretty much the same market segment , and the former is vastly superior . 
  now , it may not be fair to therefore make conclusions about the entire continent 's chocolate production , but it does mean that the average person has better chocolate more often in europe ( or australia , for that matter ) than in america . 
  yeah , automoderator is quite powerful . 
  mods have a lot of ability to automatically mark things as spam or otherwise remove them , as well as have automoderator reply to things etc. 
  edit : wait , misread your comment . 
  no , they ca n't edit posts or comments . 
  they can delete them or mark as spam , but not edit . 
  if google + became as popular as facebook is , it would be just as bad . 
  the biggest problem is the type of stuff people seem to like to share . 
  i 've pretty much given up on facebook . 
  the only thing i really use from it is messenger , just because that 's how most of my friends and i communicate these days . 
  but the general feed/timeline goes pretty much ignored , and i have n't shared something on facebook since last may . 
  zimmer has immense popularity with non-musicians , but ask anyone who 's really into music and you 'll consistently see that he is not well regarded . 
  he himself is n't a * terrible * composer , but he 's not a good one , and even worse : his * style * seems to have become immensely popular in recent years , and * that * has been massively to the detriment of film music as a whole . 
  it 's a big part of why , for me at least , the new star wars movie was such a massive breath of fresh air . 
  he has very little variety in his style . 
  look at man of steel , pirates of the caribbean , inception . 
  there 's just so little difference between them . 
  contrast that with schindler 's list , home alone , catch me if you can , and star wars . 
  not * one * of those movies is even in the same * genre * of music . 
  but worse than that is that he does n't write particularly engaging music to listen to . 
  the amount of time one can spend analysing the scores of the likes of star wars or the lord of the rings , seeing what the different leitmotifs/themes are , what they represent , and how they are used in relation to one another , is just incredible . 
  [ see , for example , this website ] ( http://www.woodzie.org/lotr/ ) for a fairly basic take on lotr 's soundtrack . 
  look at the latest star wars soundtrack , where there 's a theory going around that snoke might be darth plagueis , based * entirely * on the fact that the music when snoke was on screen is similar to the music when palpatine talked about plagueis in episode iii . 
  it 's just not possible to do the same kinds of things to anywhere * near * the same degree with any of zimmer 's far more shallow music . 
  williams tends to write music that is great music by itself , does a great job of supporting the film in the moment , and also reinforces important themes or aspects of the film on a larger scale . 
  zimmer 's music just supports the film in the moment . 
   edit : scores , not works, 
  it 's not even that . 
  it 's second tier in terms of recognisability only , not in terms of the * quality * of the scores . 
  does n't get enough credit ? 
  he gets * too much * credit . 
  he 's not even close to williams in terms of actual quality -- not in the same * league * , and yet he 's mentioned * at least * as often , quite possibly more . 
  with just a hint of the force theme in terms of its harmony . 
  it really is genius . 
  oh without a doubt . 
  what he did for anakin was amazing , with the hints of vader 's theme in anakin 's theme , despite the latter being this really childish innocent piece , fitting with the character in episode i. 
  and across the stars is one of the best love themes of all time , in my opinion . 
  shame it was wasted on one of the worst on-screen romances of all time ... 
   the scene where the clone army is assembling with the imperial march playing over it in episode ii is too cool, 
  honestly ... that scene is the * one * thing about williams ' scores for the entire star wars franchise i would change . 
  darth vader 's theme is * darth vader 's * theme . 
  in the prequels , it should have been reserved for when anakin was doing things that looked evil , or things that hinted at his future fall to the dark side . 
  the clone army is n't even meant to be * evil * , let alone strongly associated with vader . 
  using that theme there made no sense to me . 
   but i did n't notice it until i saw the movie again, 
  yeah , it 's definitely far less memorable and more subtle than vader 's theme . 
  even as a musician myself , and someone who absolutely loves analysing film scores , i did n't recognise ren 's theme until half way through the movie . 
  but it 's a theme that 's really grown on me as i 've listened to the soundtrack more and more . 
  i love some of the ways the theme gets used . 
  i 'm also fascinated by kylo ren as a character , so i hope his musical theme develops somewhat along with the character . 
  yay !, 
  you are the only other person i 've ever seen to notice this , and i thought it was just such an incredible genius move on williams ' part it saddens me that it has n't gotten more attention . 
  not only that , though , in a more general sense , a lot of kylo ren 's music has a subtle harmonic and contoural similarity to bits from anakin 's betrayal . 
  i do n't know solf\u00e8ge ( give me the alphabet any day ) , so i do n't know enough to say whether `` mi-re-ti '' is partially accurate . 
  but ren has a short theme of about 5 notes ( often paired up with a repeat of those notes , but holding on the penultimate one , making 9 notes total ) . 
  you can see a transcription [ at the bottom of this article ] ( http://orchestrationonline.com/orchestration-reviews/star-wars-the-force-awakens-orchestration-review-episode-ii-attack-of-the-bones/ ) . 
  and it is used * all the time * . 
  the first time we hear it is when we see ren 's ship landing on jakku near the start . 
  after that , it pops up pretty much whenever ren is being particularly evil or interesting . 
  another one , that your comment reminded me of . 
  in the opening fanfare , after the first four bars or so of introduction , the tutti triplets that introduce the main part of the fanfare are played just a * hair * slower than in the original trilogy . 
  as though they were really savouring the moment . 
  a lot of people have said stuff like this . 
  to put it rather bluntly , it 's wrong . 
  [ i urge you to read this article ] ( http://orchestrationonline.com/orchestration-reviews/star-wars-force-awakens-orchestration-review-episode-fan-dom-menace/ ) , and the others in the series , to get a better understanding of the score . 
  this is true , but it 's something a lot of people seem to over-emphasise . 
  it 's far * less * true with williams than with many other film composers , and at least one orchestrator that he 's worked with has made comments about how little work he actually has to do , because williams comes to him with something that 's almost complete already . 
  williams even conducts based on his own short scores , they 're complete enough . 
  oh god , this is so accurate it hurts . 
  i am so worried about this . 
  it has to be soon . 
  as sad as it sounds , we 'll be incredibly lucky if he sees the sequel trilogy to its close . 
  i think his death , when it does come , is probably going to hit me harder than any other celebrity death in my lifetime has . 
  of course he fucking reused old themes . 
  old characters were reappearing , the force is still a major part of the franchise . 
  it would have been utter stupidity * not * to reuse old themes . 
  but he also wrote and developed some really great new themes , including for kylo ren , rey , and the new resistance . 
  but you can see a lot more written about those elsewhere in this thread , in comments from myself and from many , many others . 
   i still do n't get how they move on land . 
  especially at 20 ft, 
  the ones in the mm have a land speed of 10 feet , but frankly for a player race that 's just not acceptable . 
  20 feet is already slower than anything else that exists . 
  sometimes lore restrictions need to bow to mechanical pragmatism , and i think this is one such case .
