  anyway , i really enjoyed reading this analysis , and i 'm ** really ** looking forward to seeing the analysis of the follow-up survey . 
  should be very interesting . 
  the difference between computer science and software engineering is minimal , completely arbitrary , and can vary from uni to uni . 
  the general guideline is that se is an engineering discipline , and as such concentrates on using existing rules to implement a good solution in the most efficient way possible , while cs is a science , and therefore wants to expand the capabilities of what software and computers are * able * to do . 
  in practice , there 's not much difference between what they can end up doing with their knowledge . 
  it is worth noting that ( at least in my research ) it seems software engineers are more in demand than computer scientists . 
  source : i 'm a 1st year software engineering student in australia , and did a fair bit of research when deciding which of the two disciplines to study . 
  i 'm on os x at the moment , and it definitely works for me . 
  click in the address bar , the full thing gets selected . 
  have n't used chrome on windows for a few months : my windows computer 's been getting fixed :( , but i think it behaved like this . 
  how do people claim a bitcoin tip if they themselves do n't actually have bitcoin ? 
  and how is your reddit account linked to your bitcoin one ? 
  there 's a source for the point / u/skitrel was making . 
  even if it 's not the most reliable source , it 's a source . 
  what have you got ? 
  your own word , and nothing more . 
  it 's about specific games , not number of games . 
  there are some * amazing * games that are exclusive to the playstation . 
  journey , beyond : two souls , heavy rain , last of us ( granted , two of those are unreleased , but they look bloody amazing ! ) . 
  there simply are n't games of the same calibre exclusive to pc or xbox . 
  that said , i 'm a pc gamer , and those exclusives are n't quite enough to put me over the edge to buy a ps at the moment . 
  two of four , and they 're not vapourware , they just have n't been released . 
  there 's a key difference . 
  vapourware is that which we have reason to believe is never really going to exist anyway . 
  both of these games have had recent news , and now have public release dates . 
  two souls , in particular , has in-game footage , and that 's what i 'm really pointing to when i say it looks amazing . 
  it 's all about your own opinion . 
  not one of the exclusives you mentioned is * really * appealing to me , and one in particular ( sc ) is just downright awful * in my opinion * . 
  and its those last words that are most important . 
  / u/occhiolini said that the exclusive games on consoles number far fewer than those on pc , and that therefore it 's not a valid argument . 
  however , * for certain people * , the games that are available on consoles are better than those on pcs . 
  and i 'd hardly say that console exclusives are n't of `` the same calibre '' . 
  if we 're trying to be objective about it , i 'd say the very best ps3 exclusives are of a * far * higher calibre than the best pc exclusives in terms of aesthetics ( not to be confused merely with graphics ) and story . 
  haha yeah , those are some great ones !, 
  i was mainly aiming for more recent ones , but jak & daxter and spyro were two of my favourite games when i was younger !, 
  if you were trying to argue that you ca n't make a fair judgement of the game 's quality before it 's released , i would agree with you . 
  i strongly believe that they will be amazing , but i could be painfully wrong . 
  however , the semantic argument of it being `` vapourware '' is one that i have to heavily disagree with . 
  these are real games , and they will be released some time in the near future . 
  that , by definition , means they 're not vapourware . 
  conversion rates do matter . 
  / u/enex had to look it up because he had no idea what it was worth . 
  if the aussie dollar was worth 50 us cents , then the above price tag would mean the game cost about us$ 60 , which is a * much * more reasonable level . 
  you 're confusing what he was noticing with the standard economic argument that having a higher currency means imports should be cheaper . 
  which , by the way , is still true . 
  as our dollar has gone up relative to the us dollar , the price in aud should have gone down , but it has n't . 
  yes average income and purchasing power are relevant , and may be legitimate economic reasons that we pay more than the us , but -- ceteris paribus -- the prices should have gone down as the aud went up over the past few years . 
  wow thanks for these awesome links . 
  will definitely consider it for buying games in australia . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know there were hd versions being released !, 
  i 'd go with the mekong before any other asian rivers . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  because you think it 's obvious to anyone that ape has racist connotations ? 
  fuck , i did n't know about it until reading this thread . 
  it 's not the kind of thing i 've ever considered , so i 've not been exposed to it before . 
  i think i understand your general point , but wow you worded that badly . 
  if it were n't for context i 'd have no fucking clue what you 're trying to say . 
  acquired a debt for nothing in return is fine if you want knowledge for knowledge 's sake , but you have to recognise that there are large costs involved . 
  is that it ? 
  possibly was added in after the edit , but :, 
   i 'm currently looking at a biomedical bachelor at uq, 
  huh ... 
  never thought about it like that . 
  that 's a really interesting point . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i can see how it 's somewhat vague . 
  i was trying to get back at the point you made of them being higher calibre on pc . 
  it 's kinda hard to explain , but it seems to me that there are more `` arty '' games : games which place a large focus on a detailed story , character development , and the like . 
  that 's what i was referring to , and i do believe that to be objectively the case . 
  however , that 's not to say that awesome games do n't exist on pc . 
  just that there seems to be a higher * number * of high-profile games on ps that aim to be like this . 
  the quality of those games , or the number of less well-known games , is n't quite what i 'm referring to . 
  but i can see i 'm digging myself deeper here , so i think i 'll stop now . 
  aww , i ca n't do it :(, 
  the java applet wo n't display properly . 
  anyone wan na [ do mine for me ] ( http://pastie.org/7957858 ) ? 
  it 's based on everything ( including non-classical ) that 's in my itunes library . 
  there 're a few pieces i never got around to adding in . 
  ok , i listened to this from where you linked , and i love it !, 
  listening to the rest of it now , but could i get a list of some other great nielsen pieces to listen to at some point ? 
  it really is . 
  youtube 's the * only * reason i have an adblocker installed at all ( and i 'd much rather an adblocker that worked on a blacklist rather than a whitelist -- allowing ads on all sites until i tell it to block ads on a specific site ) . 
  until recently i lived in vietnam , where you get these ads , and the little square ads over the side of the video , and occasionally on a music video or whatever you would get a preroll . 
  i came back to australia and started getting obnoxious prerolls nearly every video , and a giant banner on the home page . 
  i despise adblockers because i recognise that ads are the only reason so many sites are free , but at the same time i 'm not going to have my experience ruined by ads as obnoxious as those on youtube in developed countries . 
  ah , right . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  my experience has been that the only people who get extra time in tests are those with legitimate , diagnosed , learning disabilities . 
  i see where you 're coming from : if they ca n't complete the work at the same speed as people without the disability , then they 're also going to be slower in the workplace etc. 
  it 's a very similar argument to [ the one about women in the workplace ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/1eud4z/i_believe_women_should_be_held_to_the_same/ ) . 
  however , i believe it has a crucial difference . 
  in this case , getting more time is about allowing them to show the quality of work they are actually capable of . 
  examinations should n't be about seeing how fast people can work , it should be about showing the quality of work that they can do under pressure . 
  these people are ( potentially ) able to work to the same level as others , they just are n't able to read and understand the questions quite as quickly . 
  without the extra time , they would be unable to read and understand the question , and then formulate their answer , to the best of their ability . 
  this puts them at an unfair disadvantage compared to others . 
  were they to get a job , their employers would of course need to know about their disability , and work around it : giving them more time to complete certain tasks etc. , but since people with learning disabilities can still be incredibly intelligent , there 's no inherent reason they should n't be able to get the same kind of end result . 
  how does this make less organs for everyone ?
