  if he did n't know how to get what she wanted , he should have asked the person who would . 
   it 's possible that he was just saying whatever got him the most support in each situation . 
  i saw hitler listed as a good example of `` lawful evil '' earlier today , and it got me thinking about this same idea . 
  as far as i 'm aware , we do n't really know if he actually had convictions about a number if things . 
  did he actually personally hate jews , or were they a convenient scapegoat to rile up the german public ? 
  that 's his point . 
  that you can attribute anything positive hitler said about christianity to wanting to gain the public 's support , and not as an indication of his personal beliefs . 
  note this is just what the comment you replied to is trying to argue . 
  i 'm not making any personal claims either way . 
  haha i 'll admit i was confused at first . 
  had to look it up myself . 
  it was in / r/dnd . 
  it 's not ridiculous in that context . 
  you still talk about cgi shots as though the camera is moving . 
  in fact , the programmes that you use to * make * these cgi effects generally use terminology that 's exactly the same as if it were physical cameras . 
  he needs to flip into the douchbag dj for hitting on thea ( who always seems to wear clothes that show off her midriff ) . 
  smoking commercial ? 
  so , fun fact , but it 's actually `` hear , hear '' . 
  it comes from `` hear him , hear him '' . 
  very easy mistake to make , though . 
  yeah . 
  unless i see it come up again , i probably wo n't bother . 
  aussie here , always a singlet to us . 
  how about the video game episode ? 
  because i could n't stand abed 's christmas , or the puppet episode , or the gi joe episode , but i still loved the video game episode . 
  i do n't know the difference , and i certainly do n't know how to tell who is who . 
  to be completely honest , i do n't think busboys are even a * thing * where i live . 
  edit : so , i did a quick search . 
  the wikipedia article for [ busboy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/busboy ) mentions that it 's a term used in north america , and that in british english the term is usually `` commis waiter '' or `` commis boy '' . 
  ca n't say i 'm familiar with those terms , either . 
  as far as i 'm aware , most places either do n't distinguish between people who bring you food and people who clean the table after you leave , or they at least do n't make the distinction clear to the customers . 
  but to the point , you say do n't be a dick to people . 
  i agree . 
  but the person that was being a dick first was the bus boy . 
  he was n't a huge dick , just a small one . 
  the customer in this situation escalated it way too much and ended up being the one i 'd place most of the blame on , but that certainly does n't mean that the bus boy handled the situation in anything * close * to the right manner . 
  what the fuck is this subreddit ? 
  no , that 's not what random means . 
  think of these examples . 
  if i get two d6s and roll them , the result of that is random . 
  however , getting a 7 is * far * more likely than getting a 12 . 
  or if i have a bag of red and blue balls . 
  there are 8 red balls and 3 blue balls . 
  if i reach in there and grab one out , which one i get will be random , but again , it 's not uniformly distributed , because the chance of getting a red ball is different to the chance of a blue ball . 
  an anti-smoking ad , or an ad for a cigarette brand ? 
   if the d10 landed on 7 a disproportionate number of times , you would have a faulty d10, 
  this is true , and whether or not asking a person to pick a `` random number '' is truly `` random '' is somewhat more dubious . 
  but the reasons for that are psychological and social . 
  a simple analysis of the results to see whether or not they could have come from a uniform distribution is not sufficient to determine if a set of results are `` random '' . 
  where 's the +2 expertise come from ? 
  oh right !, 
  d'doi . 
  thanks . 
  i have a group that plays 4e , not 5e . 
  i 'm very interested in 5e conceptually , but for me , it 's far too young a version to switch . 
  my group enjoys playing more exotic classes and races too much . 
  i 'm playing a shardmind psion , another person plays a goliath , we 've had warforged , as well as one player whose class and race i 'm not even sure about -- but it 's definitely not a part of 5e yet . 
  mechanically i think 5e is great , but for me , it 's just not worth playing until they 've got a bunch more content out . 
  argue with op , not with me . 
  i was just translating what he said , since / u/secularvirginian misinterpreted it . 
  someone 's just put in a pull request with exactly that . 
  hahaha . 
  that other guy got in with his pull request like 20 minutes before i did with mine ... 
  probably for the best , though ; he found much better images to go with it than i had , and probably laid his text out a little nicer . 
  i 'm surprised to see beethoven 's 7th and 3rd ahead of his 5th . 
  and very surprised that the 9th is n't there at all . 
  yeah good point . 
  that never occurred to me . 
   planck length/speed of light, 
  that 's known as the planck time , for future reference . 
  my favourite mac prank is control + option + command +8 . 
  it inverts the colours of the screen . 
  but also every other word beginning with `` bio '' has the stress on `` bi '' . 
  this we are at an impasse . 
  i thought the same of bit and pixel . 
  the point here is that most of us are probably familiar with some of these , but exactly which ones depend on your own previous experiences . 
  they claimed motel is an obvious one . 
  i 'm confused . 
  it 's obviously related to hotel somehow , but i 'm not exactly sure how . 
  a hotel for moustaches ? 
  i love swiftkey . 
  i 've found its predictions tend to be very good most of the time , and these days i type very quickly with little regard for accuracy , since 90 % of the time it fixes the problem for me . 
  there are a few things i hate about it , though . 
  typing anything that uses mixed case , or is otherwise slightly out of the ordinary , is really fucking hard . 
  asoiaf , for example . 
  the first time i typed that , i had to do it all lower case , then go back one character at a time and change what i wanted to upper case . 
  then i could teach it that and it remembers how i want it . 
  even worse is `` i.e. 
  '' , which it utterly refuses to make easy to type . 
  as a company , they 're also extremely frustrating . 
  the australian keyboard layout has '' # '' when you long press x , rather than `` $ '' . 
  annoying in and of itself , but potentially an innocent mistake . 
  but when a large number of people go to their forums to request it be fixed , they responded by basically saying `` to bad , you should just use a different layout '' . 
  i mean , what the fuck guys . 
  friendly warning from someone going in to 3rd year softeng . 
  do not think that just because you were good at maths in high school that math1051 will be easy . 
  it 's definitely doable and you should n't have too much trouble with it , * if you put in the work * . 
  but you really do need to put in a significant amount of work with it . 
  you absolutely can not slack off . 
  the other courses first year are pretty cool though , for the most part .
