   the serialized elements are by far the best parts of this show, 
  except for the romance . 
  at the very least , if they could cut it down to a simple triangle , that 'd be nice . 
  i mean , sure , if you only go by the major version number . 
  but in practice , each dot release of os x has been as significant as each major release of windows . 
  do n't forget , windows vista , 7 , 8 , and 8.1 are all 6 . x under the hood . 
  saying os x is older than classic mac os is a bit like saying consumer-oriented windows based on nt is a decade and a half old . 
  technically true , but functionally meaningless . 
   got peoples ' hopes up by implying iphone apps, 
  but it was n't for a year after that announcement that the iphone even got an app store . 
  i thought it was him , too , but everyone else seems to be saying it 's galavan . 
  have you seen him on misfits , though ? 
  a very ... interesting ... character . 
  oh , right . 
  black students did n't even occur to me . 
  i 'm not american , so placing them on the spectrum just was n't even in my mind at all . 
  the largest demographics at my school were korean , vietnamese , and white . 
  nah i 'm totally with you . 
  i thought it look like rheon too , and i was honestly surprised to see everyone else assuming galavan . 
   colonel as ` kur-nel ' , kernel as ` ker-nel ', 
  the problem is that for the rest of us , these are identical . 
  is there any chance you could perhaps copy the appropriate [ ipa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:ipa_for_english ) ? 
  or maybe post a [ voice recording ] ( http://vocaroo.com/ ) ? 
  ah , how curious . 
  how are each of those pronounced ? 
  fi is us-only , is n't it ? 
  aye , why ? 
  and the animal is not a buffalo , either . 
  and nobody ever * actually * uses the word `` buffalo '' in the way that sentence seems to think it can be used as a verb . 
  ah yeah , fair enough . 
  igcse maths has a lot more in common with sl and hl than with studies ( to the point that the most advanced form of igcse maths is nearly identical to ib sl mathematics ) , so that could be playing a part here . 
  that 's sounds like a pretty reasonable rule , but 512 bytes is a crazy point at which to start that limiting . 
  really generic error messages are likely to be less than 32 bytes , so around that would be a more understandable minimum . 
  but it should not be replacing the default apache 404 , because that 's already useful enough . 
  the replacement should be for * really * generic error messages . 
  things like the one you specified in your previous comment . 
  ah thanks , that 's quite interesting . 
  so kernel would use [ \u025br ] and colonel would use [ \u0259r ] ? 
  or is it the other way around ? 
  also , what 's the difference between [ \u025br ] and [ \u025b\u0308r ] ? 
  the latter is not one i 've come across before . 
  ah thanks , that 's quite an appealing option . 
  my biggest issue is that brownlee seems to find the battery okay , but other reviews i 've come across seem less positive in that respect . 
  add to that the lack of nfc ( not a killer on its own ) , fast charging ( which could be nice to have , though i 've never experienced it before ) , and the fact that it only has partial 4g support on my carrier ( though again , coming from an n4 i 've never really found 3g-only to be too much of a problem ) , and while i definitely find the op x an appealing option , i think i 'll need to shop around a bit more before deciding . 
  edit : i think the cheapest i can find it for is about $ 320 aud , which is not much less than the $ 380 i can find the 5x for , which makes me wonder if that 's perhaps worth the extra cost . 
  okay , first of all , sorry for being so late with this . 
  i did n't do it straight away , partly because i was hoping someone else would have a review , and then i just kinda forgot about it . 
  to start with , i 'm a * huge * fan of the vampire prestige class by the_singular_anyone , so any other vampire option is going to have a hard time convincing me . 
  keep that in mind as i review this , because it 's going to flavour my review of yours more negatively than it might otherwise be . 
  the first obvious thing that stands out to me is the prerequisites . 
  personally , i find the wisdom requirement quite odd . 
  charisma is a better representation of the mental requirements that a would-be vampire requires in order to prevent from becoming an out-of-control monster : attempting to maintain their personality and force their own will to win out against the pure monster of the vampirism . 
  to me , it feels like there should also be some physical requirement , probably constitution , to represent the person physically withstanding the poison of vampirism . 
  the level requirement is really neither here nor there , as far as i 'm concerned , and turned is a pretty obvious requirement . 
  d8 is a good hit die to fit . 
  vampiric flaws are , themselves , a great little set of flavour , but they feel a bit orphaned . 
  they 're just this thing that sits there . 
  i think they need a little bit of text explaining that , like the undying light flaws and shadow sorcerer quirks have . 
  all those damage vulnerabilities are * extremely * powerful for a single-level dip , even with the vulnerabilities . 
  it 's just far too much to get with that little expended cost . 
  i * suppose * there 's a potential argument to be made that the lack of spell healing makes up for this , but i reject such a claim , because 5e really does n't need such healing anyway . 
  it 's substantially stronger by far than the ability gained by fiend warlocks at level * 10 * . 
  all of the shapechanger powers and stipulations seem fine to me . 
  spider climb seems ... okay , i guess . 
  if i 'm honest , it does n't really seem necessary . 
  it 's one of the less common and less interesting abilities of a vampire , in my opinion . 
  you also probably should n't use the same name as an existing spell in the game . 
  charming gaze : now here we are , getting into the really interesting stuff . 
  * this * is why vampires are cool . 
  and you 've done a great job with this ability . 
  there are some * substantial * wording problems ( double check your punctuation in a number of places , factor out the `` dc 8 + your charisma modifier + your proficiency bonus to the top of the class , and have a look at `` the charm does not longer automatically ends '' , which is obviously * very * badly worded . 
  from a mechanical standpoint , the only problem i can see with it is that `` considers you a friend '' is rather vague . 
  would it be willing to attack its former allies for the vampire ? 
  i suspect ( and hope ) not , but it 's unclear . 
  blood drain is quite an interesting ability . 
  it seems rather weak for a 4th level ability , but not * overly * so , and i suppose it scales a lot earlier than other similar abilities might . 
  vampiric might is just straight up too strong . 
  +2 is what you get on asis , and even modified asis like that received by the rune scribe 's `` living rune '' should not provide an overall bonus that is strictly greater than that which is possible through an asi . 
  you could , if you wanted to , make it a flexible bonus just like living rune , but perhaps restrict it to only being usable on str , dex , and con , or maybe add cha to that as well , but allowing three +1 s should n't happen . 
  i understand your arguments in favour of it , and they do make sense , but it just is n't worth the risk . 
  children of the night is another good ability , though being able to order them around for free may be too strong . 
  the action economy is one of the most important parts of game balance . 
  perhaps a page out of animate dead 's book would be appropriate , and a cost of a bonus action . 
  overall , it 's not bad . 
  i 'd probably really like it if it were the first such class i saw . 
  but it feels kinda aimless . 
  most classes have some core feature that makes them particularly stand out . 
  barbarians rage , rogues sneak attack , paladins smite , etc. 
  not every ability ties in to the core feature , but many do either directly or in more tangential ways . 
  but overall , these give the class a strong mechanical feeling to go along with the flavour . 
  your vampire prc is lacking in that : instead , it feels like a mishmash of things that vampires are known to do . 
  it 's also lacking a real capstone . 
  not being a full class this is n't quite as much of a problem , but it would n't hurt to have some notably interesting ability to reward going the distance . 
  * perhaps * you could fix the balance of resistance against all normal attacks by switching that up to the capstone ability ( keep necrotic at level 1 ) . 
  from a design perspective , the lack of images * really * hurts , and the layout needs some improving . 
  orphaned headings , headings that do n't match the same size as others , overly large indents . 
  that kind of thing . 
  i may take a look at the lycanthrope prc later , but have n't yet . 
  also the missing `` d '' in `` used to '' . 
  muphry 's law , of sorts , in action , i suppose .
