  purely out of interest from a fellow aussie . 
  public transport is n't his problem . 
  he 's a federal mp , public transit is a local politics issue . 
  they are both heros and dicks , in their own way . 
  jobs made a huge variety of technologies available in a way that consumers were able to easily use , from computers to mp3 players , then the first big smartphone and tablet . 
  he was also a * huge * dick to his employees . 
  gates took the consumerisation even further -- at least in the case of computers , by making windows available much more cheaply on a wider variety of hardware . 
  he was also someone of an obsessive maniac . 
  the movie pirates of silicon valley is an incredible movie , and a great insight to the lives of both of these men up until jobs returned to apple in the late 90s . 
  http://theoldreader.com , if you have n't found a solution already . 
  it nearly got shut down from the massive influx of google reader users , but they managed to find a committed buyer who 's set it up to be able to handle all the traffic . 
  no , but it 's definitely better than the alternative :\\, 
  did n't imgur recently increase their size allowance ? 
  ps , you make incredible gifs . 
  really high quality crisp looking ones . 
  keep up the awesome work . 
  ooo , how devious . 
  you could alter that slightly so that any incorrect code entered would destroy all logs , and thus in the situation that they try to enter thousands of characters by hand , and make one small error , then their chances of recovering the data are lost for good . 
  i have a similar question . 
  i 've been playing half-life , but would it be a good idea to switch to half-life : source instead ? 
  i do n't want to skip * anything * plot-wise , but would i gain something ( graphics , mechanics , etc. ), 
  from playing the source version instead ? 
  well , no government at all , or a world where government is useless since people can just refuse to obey laws . 
  the officeworks website was down for a while today . 
  not that it matters , google can locate their stores better than they can . 
  i own the lot , i got them when the full collection was really cheap on sale a while back . 
  so , i take it that if i 'm already a bit of the way into the game it 's probably not worth restarting in the source version ? 
  in what sort of ways does black mesa alter the story from hl1 ? 
  since this thread is about a podcatcher , i listen to windows weekly , this week in google , all about android , and macbreak weekly ( all from the twit network ) . 
  i just love to know all about what 's going on in technology from all angles . 
  ( although i also happen to use a mac , pc , and android phone/tablet ... so yeah ... ), 
  p.s. , came late to this thread because i was linked from the shifty jelly blog . 
  fwiw , in many cases you can turn a statement into a question just by adding a question mark . 
   `` you 're a girl . '', 
  pointing out the gender of the subject . 
   `` you 're a girl ? '', 
  asking the subject if they are a girl . 
  usually in the context of it not being obvious . 
  i used it on ios on my ipod touch previously and absolutely loved it . 
  i use android now , and happily bought it again on that platform . 
  pocketcasts 4 for android is absolutely amazing , and i assume the ios version is much the same . 
  their server-side technology means it will search for and report back updates to podcasts much faster and using much less data ( the download of the actual episode obviously is n't going to be any different ) . 
  it apparently auto-downloads podcasts on ios now , which is awesome ( the did n't previously ) . 
  the ui is simple and easy to use , but you also get plenty of brilliant features such as sync , playlists , auto-deleting , pretty much anything you would expect from a podcatcher . 
  they also come across as a really fun company with little jokes like in the op , and creative update messages , which is a nice touch . 
  p.s. , came late to this thread because i was linked from the shifty jelly blog . 
  / r/outside, 
  that does n't change the fact that it 's incredibly complicated . 
  it provides an ( in my opinion inadequate , but some think it a good thing ) explanation for * why * it 's complicated , but does n't change the fact that it 's still complicated . 
  here in australia the amount paid in gst is always put on the receipt of anything you buy , so you know how much of it was tax . 
  but the advertisements include the tax so that you know how much you 're actually paying . 
  it has the best of both . 
  i 've not been to america , but a lot of the tourists i 've come across have been this way . 
  it seems really friendly and nice when it happens occasionally , but as someone who usually prefers to be left to my own thoughts unless i have something to say ( or the other person has something of worth to say ) , it can get really annoying really quickly . 
  you go to kfc for yummy friend chicken and shitty chips . 
  dunno about canadian smarties , but here in aus ( and i would assume that they 're the same ... ) smarties are the shit . 
  m&m s just are n't even worth looking at . 
  multiply it by 175 % , do you mean ? 
  or are you implying that they actually make less than what they say ? 
  you know what 's guaranteed to be more convenient ? 
  pay-wave/pay-pass . 
  tap your card on the machine , and if the purchase is under $ 100 , you can pay without having to enter you pin . 
  really awesome . 
  ( we have this here in aus , dunno how prevalent it is in europe , nz , or canada . ), 
  here in aus in a lot of places for purchases under $ 100 you can use visa pay-wave/mastercard pay-pass to just tap it ( in an nfc-like way ) on the receiver to pay . 
  eh , the one most people come across regularly is distances , and us and imperial distances for inches , feet , yards , and miles are all identical , so the terms are interchangeable in that case . 
  but comparing hershey 's to cadbury is a fair comparison . 
  it 's the biggest in the us to the biggest in the uk , and the difference there is night and day . 
  side note , what the fuck is wrong with your milky way bars ? 
  they 're basically mars bar lights . 
  what 's up with the caramel ? 
  every other time this has come up i 've heard people say that they report getting less than they actually did so they can pay less tax . 
  oh right , you mean when they 're talking to other ( non governmental ) people . 
  huh ? 
  works fine for me . 
  my guess is that 's because the retailer is liable if something goes awry . 
  wait , so if i as an independent musician who owns all the rights to all my music put a music video up on youtube or soundcloud or something similar , because some overarching agency is n't taking its cut , my content will be blocked ? 
  holy fuck that 's bullshit if true . 
  in addition to what script kiddie below said , there 's also the fact that if it does get successfully skimmed , it does n't really matter . 
  visa and mastercard have strict zero liability for the end user , so it 'll be them eating up the cost in the event that it happens . 
  ( this is , of course , because they are incredibly confident in the security of the system . ), 
   - the guy walks next to the curb . 
  it 's not because you 're going to block the car that jumps the curb with your body and save her . 
  you 're both still dead in that scenario . 
  it puts her under the awning . 
  it dates back to chivalry in the time of chamber pots , not cars . 
  i was under the impression that this was related to cars splashing up water from the gutter . 
   - as for who pays . 
  my general rule is , if i asked you out , i 'm taking you out , so expect to be the one who pays . 
  i feel you could have worded this better . 
  right now it reads as `` if a asks b out , b should pay . '', 
  i get that that 's not what you mean , but that 's what is actually written . 
  who goes on a date in a fucking * truck * ? 
  there 's etiquette for revolving doors ? 
  seriously ? 
  like , actual * truck * trucks ? 
  is n't finding places to park them difficult ? 
  the guy you replied to was trying to imply he himself was a shill . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm thinking of trucks as in trucks , i dunno what the specific definition is .
