  removing a media that they see as outdated and unnecessary is a move on their part in order to try and move technology forward . 
  it payed out with the diskettes , and it seems like optical media is slowly going away , too . 
  sure , some people may not like it at the time , but in the long run it 's a good move . 
  the iphone 4 antenna issues were * real * issues . 
  there is no upside to them . 
  it 's not a strategic deliberate move on their part , except to the extent that they did n't fix it first . 
  just my two cents . 
  they actually were working on some form of gui before the stuff with xerox-parc , although obviously they changed their plans quite a bit after that . 
  so in a small way , they did independently invent it , in a similar way to how multiple people invented the lightbulb . 
  as a consumer , i hate mkv . 
  maybe i 've just only seen low quality mkv files , but all the mkv files i 've seen have been relatively low quality compared to avi . 
  mkv also is n't as widely supported by popular media players , so i have to launch vlc . 
  i love vlc on windows , but on the mac i prefer to use quicktime where possible . 
  i do n't really use genius much , but that 's mainly because none of those sorts of features work well with classical music . 
  the small amount i have used it , it 's seemed alright . 
  did n't they give a coupla free games and a free premium membership for a month when it came back ? 
  i 'm not sure they ever apologised for the antenna , did they ? 
  just gave the free cases while still saying that you 're holding it wrong ( although i think they toned down the way they said it ) . 
  i have n't used it , but it seems that there are serious issues with it , depending on where you are ( some places are really great , some are pretty terrible ) . 
  but i 've never once heard it reported that tomtom 's to blame . 
  their own apps/devices work just fine , so why would an iphone using their data not work , unless it was something apple did ? 
  i 've always felt that google maps on ios was fine , but it does n't have that many features , so hopefully ( for consumers ) by moving to more of their own system apple will improve it more . 
  look , i 've got to be honest , if you 're just starting out , you really need a teacher . 
  unless you 're shifting from saxophone or bass clarinet , the only way to get a good understanding of the basics is a teacher . 
  ( at the very least , take a look at some tutorials on youtube , but not expertvillage , they are absolutely horrible in virtually every topic they do . ), 
  that said , to me embouchure sounds like the most likely possibility . 
  stick your thumb in your mouth , do a clarinet embouchure and blow . 
  if any air escapes , you 're doing it wrong . 
  the tough part is squeezing in at the sides . 
  the reed placement and tightness is fairly forgiving in that range of the clarinet , so it 's not likely an issue . 
  if the reed looks clean , has a smooth round top , and does n't bend in any serious way , then at that level it 's fine . 
  i ca n't imagine how breathing would affect it at all . 
  yeah , i heard that too . 
  what i really wan na know is what the price was for breaking out of it . 
  so ... we meet again, 
  damn , you must have a fast connection . 
  wait , this is a thing ? 
  what have you seen with this ? 
  do you hate `` the cloud '' itself , or just its use as a buzzword ? 
  i just found out yesterday that over 100 episodes of who are missing . 
  it made me really really sad , because i had wanted to go back and watch them all from the very beginning . 
  ( i saw a few of the early ones when abc showed them a while back , maybe 2002 , but i missed a heap and was too young to remember . 
  i 've not seen a single episode the whole way of the new who . ), 
  at least they actually called it kung fu in the movie , and did n't refer to it as karate even though their actions were kung fu . 
  i thought that hunger games had so much potential as a political allegory . 
  the last few chapters of the third book completely ruined it , though . 
  it was poorly written throughout , but at least the story could have made it work if it had ended in a more thought out way . 
  i love bacon . 
  but wtf ? 
  those foods sound disgusting . 
  by itself or on bread it 's fine , and it 's lovely in a carbonara sauce , but putting it on a cupcake ? 
  that 's just wrong . 
  i also do n't like the whole bacon as a meme thing reddit ( and other sites like 9gag ) have going on . 
  have you read the darren shan saga ? 
  it came out before the whole twilight/romance vampire thing . 
  while it is n't true to a fair bit of traditional vampire canon , it explains this away in a clever way and i think it 's an awesome series . 
  what about modern family ? 
  i think it 's a great show , and does n't seem to fit the stereotypes you wrote out . 
  some serious disaster planning organisation put out something in relation to a zombie apocalypse recently . 
  their thinking is that if people are prepared for a zombie apocalypse , they 're probably prepared for almost any other disaster , too . 
  they used the current popularity of zombies to help get people prepared for any real event . 
  it 's just been my experience that i it 's an mkv it 's more likely to be low quality , whereas most avis are decent quality . 
  i think you 're missing my point . 
  the same people who make releases in mkv tend to also decide that a highly compressed video is a good idea , so mkvs tend to have lower quality . 
  in my experience . 
  got ta be honest , the only reason i use quicktime is for the gui . 
  it 's just really simple and clean , which is why i use it when the file works with it . 
  i use an external thing for volume , leaving quicktime 's setting at full ( changing either the os-wide volume or my speakers ' volume ) . 
  i do n't know about the past , but space works to play and pause these days . 
  it definitely does n't play anything , and i use vlc for the not infrequent cases where it does n't work . 
  i 'll definitely take a look at mplayer os x extended , but i 'm not sure about mpc-hc for windows . 
  could you describe the specific advantages of it over vlc ? 
  i do n't exactly understand . 
  why could n't they have held off the release of apple maps for another year ( all the while continuing to improve it more and more behind the scenes ) , and then do the switch at the end of the contract ? 
  fine . 
  if i say i hate the experience i 've had with mkv , will that make you happy ? 
  oh , sorry if i was n't clear from the beginning . 
  i know that technically it does n't necessitate a lower quality , it 's just that the only people i 've ever seen use it have used low quality , so now i just try to keep away from it as a matter of course . 
  the missing notes in happy birthday are, 
  f ( up an octave ) , d , bb , a , g , eb , eb , d , bb , c , bb , not too hard . 
  though i find it much easier to play in the key of f. 
  edit : http://euge.ca/2012/07/20/daydreaming/, 
  my god , i do this all the time ... 
  the trick is , the first panel happened at 11:58 '24 pm . 
  ah ok . yeah i agree about it being a useful tool . 
  personally , though , for home users i think it 's better . 
  i 'd say the chances of a local hard drive crashing are much higher than the chances of a file stored in dropbox somehow disappearing , and even less so if the user uses multiple free accounts , like a dropbox and a google drive . 
  ( you could even set them to the same local directory , or probably use ifttt , so it would n't have to be a painful manual process . ), 
  i do n't go for the whole apple hatred stuff that a lot of reddit gets into . 
  i love a lot of their products , but this was still funny . 
  they 're more leading than the questions on that yes minister bit about leading questions . 
  thanks for the explanation , yeah , that makes a lot of sense . 
  yeah , i can see why some people would like it . 
  it 's just not really to my taste . 
  if no one liked it ( or , indeed , if the majority did n't like it ) he probably would n't have done it . 
  the way that i use quicktime , i am specifically * not * interested in any more extensibility or features . 
  it 'd be nice if it could play more files , but any serious playlist features and customisability would be lost on me , and indeed an actual negative to some extent . 
  i agree the interface does n't exactly fit in very well with os x , but it 's simple : when not fullscreen you get nothing but the video itself , and the media controls appear when you mouse over it . 
  my biggest problem with vlc at the moment is its interface , so if mpc-hc has a nicer interface with all the same features ( one that particularly matters to me is selecting an . srt file manually without having to have it named correctly to show up automatically ) and filetype support , i 'll definitely give it a go . 
  i do n't fully see what the advantages of directshow and dxva are , but it does n't sound like their inclusion could have any negative effects .
