   what i wanted in assassins creed was a concise set of games , four or five games , with a focused story the ultimately led to a modern day game where desmond miles topples the templars . 
  but no . 
   now we have a platform for games rather then a cohesive set of narratives . 
  and, 
   that 's exactly what i came into the series expecting . 
  the first ac really got me excited as the story seemed to have so many options to go for but remained focused . 
  the second introduced a story element to the character in the animus other than being a heartless killer ( probably to make us sympathise for him and the assassins overall ) . 
   but i just wish they had n't made two sequels to ac :2 , i treated them as what may as well have been downloadable content and never played them . 
  big mistake apparently as ac :3 started with desmond going through some crap with his dad . 
   now we have a new game and judging from its title and what little iv read , desmond is not in this game . 
  if the end of ac3 was the end of desmond , that was a terrible story arc which im no longer willing to invest any more time in . 
  ( i am aware it probably is n't the end of desmond but i just dont want to go back to ac now . ), 
  and a comment of my own from a while back , in response to that first quote :, 
   with ac 1 , 2 , and broho it felt like they could be leading up to that . 
  the story was fantastic , and with the way broho ended it seemed like it was really going somewhere . 
   then with revelations , we got some really cool backstory to desmond , as well as the other guy in the animus . 
  really great stuff , and it certainly could have been building towards something , but at the same time it felt mostly like an interlude . 
  especially the ezio part of the game . 
  still , the desmond part could have been a sort of calm before the storm . 
   now , i 've not gotten around to playing 3 or 4 yet * [ ed . 
  note , i still have n't ] * , but from what i 've heard from others , it seems they 've put the story on the backburner in a big way , and ac has turned into a platform to release yearly blockbuster games , not too dissimilar from call of duty . 
  they took something that could have been so amazing , and they 've made the historical equivalent of cod . 
  links :, 
  oh , sorry about that . 
  i 've always used that to refer to brotherhood . 
  i did n't even realise it was n't normal . 
  i actually rather liked the puzzle stuff -- admittedly , i did n't play it myself , going through the portal crashed my game , so i watched videos of it on youtube instead . 
  i thought it gave some cool backstory to the characters ; we got to see more of what lead desmond to be in that situation at the start of the first game . 
  i rather liked it for what it was . 
  that 's the uk act . 
  they 're after the equivalent in australia . 
  / r/auslaw might be a good place to ask . 
  dark cloud 1 's good , too . 
  if you do n't get any other takers , i 'll give it a go . 
  i wo n't be able to until at least the start of november , and quite likely mid-december , though . 
  one question , is the 8va throughout for both hands ? 
  this was the first result that came up when i did a google shopping search for `` dark cloud 2 '' . 
  still ridiculously expensive for such an old game , but a lot better than $ 100 . 
  it 's a little hard to describe . 
  the basic premise is that the dark genie came along and destroyed the world , but shortly before he could , the fairy king sealed all the people and buildings inside of magical orbs , which got scattered in different parts of the world . 
  the player 's job is to collect these orbs and put them back into the world . 
  the way you do this is through dungeon crawling . 
  that 's probably the main part of the game . 
  combat is interesting and fluid , and you get to play a number of different characters as the game goes on , each with unique playstyles and advantages/disadvantages . 
  the rpg element of this game does n't involve levelling the player up , and instead concentrates on weapons . 
  you can upgrade weapons and enchant them in a pretty unique way . 
  you have to be careful not to let them break , though . 
  i do n't think i 've seen any other game with a mechanic anything like it . 
  once you 've collected them and placed them back in the world , you can talk to inhabitants who , among other things , will tell you where they want to be placed . 
  if you manage to get everyone in a village into the right place , you 'll get a variety of different bonuses , depending on the town . 
  i 've left out most of the story stuff , which is pretty interesting and engaging , though not among the best out today . 
  i think the soundtrack is one of my favourites of any game i 've played . 
  a quick look at wikipedia says that gameplay is similar to ocarina of time , and the weapon system is similar to vagrant story . 
  i ca n't comment on that , having never played either game , but that may help give you some idea . 
  vagrant story , for what it 's worth , * is * on psn worldwide . 
  ( dark cloud , it seems , is on psn only in japan . ), 
  i 've never played the second game , so i ca n't give any feedback on it . 
  from what i 've heard , it 's pretty much completely unrelated , so you can probably play it without having first played the original game , if you want to . 
  by 2012 estimates , you can get to 49.74 % with just brisbane , sydney , and melbourne . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cities_in_australia_by_population ) . 
   nobody would ever write the year , followed by the day to end with the month, 
  to be fair , the same reasoning would suggest nobody would right the month , then the day , then the year . 
  i recently manually redirected reddit.com and www.reddit.com to localhost . 
  not too effective . 
  i 'm here on np.reddit.com at the moment ... god i wish the hosts file could take wildcards . 
  [ is this roughly the right tempo ? 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/vnse6lw2rqn209s/echoes.mp3?dl=0 ) ( exported sound from sibelius ) . 
  which way ? 
  yyyy/dd/mm or mm/dd/yyyy ? 
  because by my reckoning neither of those sorts well . 
  the only one that sorts chronologically is yyyy/mm/dd . 
  the number of comments here makes me think the episode probably has n't started yet . 
  so now 's a great time to ask : what time do flash episodes air ? 
  ideally i 'd like to know in utc , but if you can give it in utc-5 ( us eastern standard time ) i can work it out from there , too . 
  oh cool , thanks . 
  i did n't realise the show ~ ~ would ~ ~ * could * be up before it had actually aired . 
  agreed . 
  but i 'd suggest waiting for a sale with the valve games more so than any other games , for obvious reasons . 
  you can usually get a package of all valve games or the orange box or some other subset of valve 's games for a very reasonable price . 
  it looks to me like an assignment based on some piece of literature they 've read , or some case study in history . 
  the grade that i would give this students -- assuming that i could get it translated -- would depend on how much the student 's story fits what the source material we had studied suggests life was typically like . 
  in other words , the fact that they chose to write it in chinese would n't impact the grade i gave them much . 
  does it get aired anywhere before east coast us ? 
  i did n't think it did , but if it does , that would make sense . 
  was n't there a promo or something where he had to brace someone 's head so that they would n't get whiplash ? 
  i miss that show :(, 
  i 'm hoping they use the costumes from the original planet of the apes films , just because it would be so hilariously bad . 
  whoa ... some warning that that was spoiler for future episodes would have been nice ... 
  when he ran away at 25:10 ( right before the flashback to him seeing his dad in gaol ) , i half expected him to be running to starling to get self-defense training from oliver . 
  oh yes , that 'll be it . 
  i only watched that a few weeks ago , so i must have got that bit confused in my memory . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  these days , meta = = referential, 
  it 's been a long time since i watched that movie , but really the only thing i remember hating about it was the ending . 
  he went from being unable to bend a metal bar because of kryptonite , to somehow lifting an entire island made of the stuff . 
  i know superman ( like many superheroes ) has always had varying levels of power that change as the story needs , but this particular example seemed particularly egregious . 
  i definitely left the cinema watching that in a much better mood than i did from the most recent ~ ~ superman ~ ~ * batman with super powers * atrocity . 
  yeah i had the same problem . 
  it was n't until about three quarters of the way through it that i realised the bad guy had a red streak on his helmet . 
  that fact that the way his character has been introduced feels so similar to both shaw and to summer glau 's character from last season makes it really hard for me to believe he 's * not * going to be a bad guy .
