  would never wear them with anything full length ( jeans , trousers , etc. ), 
  though . 
  this subreddit is radioactive . 
  i 'm an ~ ~ nigerian ~ ~ australian prince and knight , and i 'll pay for your flight over here if you can just send me $ 2,000 to free up my assets . 
  it 's not really an option that they `` added '' . 
  it 's more to do with the default behaviour of loops and if statements . 
  a loop can only ever execute exactly one block of code . 
  if you do n't put in braces , one block of code = = one line of code . 
  but braces allow you to have multiple lines of code within a single block . 
  at least , that 's how the professor who taught my course on c explained it . 
  perhaps the semantics are different in java . 
  the d7100 is a high end camera . 
  not all crop sensors are automatically low end cameras . 
  of course , for something like this , a full frame camera would have been better , but that does n't preclude the 1.5 crop from being high end . 
  is that 28 mm as a 30 mm equivalent ? 
  because if so , op 's picture is nearly exactly the same . 
  with nikon 's 1.5 x crop sensor ( as opposed to canon 's 1.6 x ) , his 18 mm is the same as 27 mm on a full-frame camera . 
  but thanks for explaining the exact amount of time for star trails to start appearing . 
  it confirms my suspicion that op could n't have downed the iso to 1000 and halved the shutter speed . 
  by the way , happy cake day . 
  ah yes , so he did . 
  i did n't see that comment before . 
  i ca n't say i 'm very familiar with that camera , though a quick skim of the dp review article for it seems to suggest it 's easily usable up to iso 6400 . 
  the semicolon was one of my professor 's favourite tricks . 
  if ( condition ( ) ) ; {, 
  / / things happening, 
  and he 'd ask what would happen ( based on condition and `` things happening '' being actual code , rather than place holders ) . 
  yeah he definitely was , in more ways than just this . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is satirical , but i honestly ca n't tell for sure . 
  on the off chance you 're being serious , how do you manage this in practice ? 
  surely it 'd require quite a bit of precision to get right , and doing it in the middle of a fast passage like this one would be absolutely impractical ? 
  additionally , is this an option when playing parts written for soprano clarinet in a on a bb clarinet , in order to reach the a clarinet 's bottom e ? 
  so , where 's the after action report ? 
  bart allen would be the most fun to have around , not to mention getting to know future stuff . 
  wait ... wrong subreddit . 
  if he was running his own mail server on his own computer , there would n't be a copy of it anywhere else . 
  they have the following near the bottom of their main post :, 
   disclaimer : the wizarding world oline is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by warner bros or j.k. rowling . 
  all donations will strictly go towards production of this fan game and not any personal monetary gain . 
  we connected with their legal team recently after many concerns were raised and they understand the existence of this production and have granted us permission to develop a fan production . 
  assuming this is true , then why would there be any copyright issues ? 
  if it was a once off thing , i 'd think firing was a massive over reaction . 
  but if it keeps happening to the point that a sign has to get put up telling people to stop , hell yeah , that sounds fair to me . 
  seems a bit unfair to blame the british left wing party for this , do n't you think ? 
  yeah i do n't get it . 
  whenever i 've ordered something online before , the posty has either put it in the mailbox , or put a slip in saying it did n't fit , and it can be collected from the nearest post office . 
  same . 
  macbook pro because there is n't a better laptop out there all things considered . 
  plus i like having os x for a variety of reasons ( unix terminal , a few applications exclusive to the platform , etc. ) . 
  then i have a desktop that was custom built running windows for gaming . 
  honestly outside of gaming , i prefer the apple trackpad to any 3 button mouse , and probably also 5 button ones . 
  it 's only once you get 7 or 9 buttons that a mouse can be as functional as the trackpad is , when it comes to basic tasks like web browsing and document editing . 
   have a good day and quit the reddit angst , it makes this place terrible to post in . 
  bro have you ever considered a little introspection ? 
  doing it once can easily be explained as some misunderstanding or accident . 
  even if it is n't , it 's a single relatively minor offence . 
  presumably the person is working there because they contribute to the company as a whole . 
  firing them for a single offence of nearly any nature ( unless it 's a particularly serious one like serious criminal offences -- embezzlement , sexual assault , that kind of thing ) is n't worth it . 
  they 'd have to get rid of a good worker and go through all the trouble of finding a new person to replace them . 
  not to mention the harm to the person getting fired , who now has to find a new job , which may be particularly difficult knowing they were fired from their previous one . 
  like i said , with a repeat offender , hell yeah , get rid of them . 
  that shit 's toxic . 
  but firing someone for taking someone else 's lunch just once is just an enormous overreaction . 
  if it was in the tyres thieves would just stop taking the wheels . 
  taking the wheels off is already a common theft technique if the bike is only chained up by the wheels , and the frame is worth a fair bit by itself -- especially if it 's a good bike . 
  not to mention for the owner of the bike , it would mean they 'd have to get a new tracker any time they replaced the tyres , which would be a pain and unnecessary expense relative to having the tracker on the frame somewhere . 
  how common are these types of padlocks ? 
  i 've never actually seen one in real life . 
  the ones that i 've seen all have three or four numbers that you rotate and set to the correct value , like [ this one ] ( http://www.powertoolsdirect.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/a/b/abus-158kc-45mm-combination-padlock-with-key-override_1.jpg ) . 
  seems like it 'd be so much easier than the whole `` move it left this far , then right this far , then left ... '' thing that you see on safes in films . 
  it 's certainly possible to shoot the opposite way to your dominant eye , but it means you 're inherently going to have a harder time with accuracy than someone who uses the same side for both . 
  i 'm not sure exactly how true this is with rifles , but it certainly is with bows . 
  oh god , you actually like those nubs ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever met someone who does . 
  they 're just horrible . 
  but anyway , having the gestures reduces the need for mouse movement somewhat . 
  for example , rather than going up and clicking the back button , you swipe left . 
  besides , your statement that the best trackpads require more effort than bad mouses is just wrong . 
  true , i 've never used any * other * trackpads that would beat a $ 10 modern mouse ( though they certainly would be better than a ball mouse from 15 years ago ) , but the apple trackpad really is just nicer to use overall than a cheap mouse . 
  this is n't from some theoretical analysis of the ideal features on a pointing device , it 's just from practical every day use and experience . 
  it 's been a while since i 've read a good one of these `` pretending to be something i 'm not '' stories . 
  this was a brilliant one . 
  oh hmm ... that certainly might help . 
  still , i would n't be surprised if they still found some way of stopping it . 
  there 's no reason to assume that they 're not feeling guilty about it if they 've done it just once . 
   but what about switching tabs ? 
  your options are either keyboard shortcut ( which is imo the superior option regardless of pointing device ) or point and click , which is something the apple trackpad us equal to a mouse at . 
   moving tabs from one screen/window to another ? 
  highlighting large amounts of text ? 
  same deal . 
  unlike most trackpads , the apple one is really good at clicking and dragging . 
  not superior to a mouse , but nearly as good . 
   rapidly scrolling down a large page that you 've already read quite a bit of ? 
  why would you even bring this up ? 
  it 's a point where the trackpad wins hands down . 
  of course , you could use scrolling momentum with a mouse to help it catch up , but most people do n't . 
  and personally , the times i 've tried scrolling momentum on a mouse , it 's felt really awkward and unnatural . 
   mice and keyboards versus trackpads or touchscreens, 
  that 's an unfair comparison . 
  it really should be mouses and keyboards vs. trackpads * and keyboards * .
