  ( thanks , emery - san jose , ca ) david crosby was at abbey road studios when the beatles were recording this . 
  in an interview with filter magazine , he said : `` i was , as near as i know , the first human being besides them and george martin and the engineers to hear ' a day in the life . ', 
  i was high as a kite - so high i was hunting geese with a rake . 
  they sat me down ; they had huge speakers like coffins with wheels on that they rolled up on either side of the stool . 
  by the time it got the end of that piano chord , man my brains were on the floor . '', 
  ( thanks , brian - williamsburg , va ) the orchestral bit was used in the yellow submarine movie . 
  photos of different geographical areas were shown as the beatles were apparently traveling in the submarine to try and find pepperland . 
  ( thanks , donald - as , ky ) when asked by rolling stone magazine what songs of his dad 's constantly surprise him , sean lennon said : `` i 've listened so much to that stuff that there are very few surprises . 
  but i do think ' a day in the life ' is always inspiring . '', 
  american rock band hawthorne heights originally named themselves a day in the life after this song . 
  in 2003 , lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist jt woodruff changed it to their current name . 
  on june 18 , 2010 john lennon 's handwritten lyric sheet for this song featuring corrections and alternate crossed-out lines was auctioned at new york sotheby 's . 
  it was sold for $ 1.2 million to an anonymous american buyer . 
  this was rated the greatest ever beatles song in a special collector 's edition issue by the beatles : 100 greatest songs . 
  the list was compiled to coincide with the 40th anniversary of the fab four 's final studio album , let it be . 
  there is term for the techniques the beatles used in arranging the final chords of this song : deceptive cadence . 
  glen burtnik , who was a member of styx and was also in a popular beatles tribute band , told us : `` it 's an instance where the listener assumes the next chord , or melody note , will go somewhere it does n't . 
  even though all the indications lead you to expecting a certain outcome , the writer/arranger intentionally surprises you by going someplace else musically . 
  not sure it 's simple to understand , as you 're conditioned to being used to the outcome . '', 
  also , i love how there are answers in all three of the `` why do you eat it the way you do '' questions that amount to `` so it does n't get soggy '' . 
  what 's a pa ? 
  12 notes per octave . 
  an average singer will be doing at least two octaves ( that 's the accepted easy range for choir parts ) , with soloists typically having 3 or 4 . 
  [ the record is 10 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_storms ) . 
  so you 're looking at at least 24 notes a little over 400 times each . 
  when i lived in korea i lived above a concert pianist . 
  really lovely playing when she got into it , but hearing the same passage rehearsed over and over and over and over again is annoying . 
  even as someone who plays music myself and is used to * doing * it , it gets annoying hearing someone else do it . 
   the whole field has poor names, 
  yeah that 's definitely true . 
  it really depends on where you are and who you 're talking to , and even then it 's pretty arbitrary . 
  at my university , computer science is basically software engineering lite . 
  at other places it 's the other way around . 
  still others maintain a specific distinction between the two regarding exactly what each does -- but even then , they may not agree on what it * is * that each does . 
  and that 's without even introducing a bachelor of it ... 
  i wan na know why we 're doing quavers . 
  surely for practising tone you 'd want to do long notes , so you 'd be doing semibreves or even breves ? 
   he would have to find a lower house seat in wa that would vote green for him to even be eligible, 
  not true at all . 
  it 's merely a convention that the prime minister always comes from the house of representatives . 
  we have had prime ministers sitting in the senate before ( though in those circumstances , the party has found them a safe seat in the hor as soon as they could ) . 
  not british . 
  all non-american english speakers ( except possibly canadians , they 're hard to predict ) . 
  but anyway , yeah , i was n't talking about you when i said long notes . 
  i was referring to the guy that you said did the maths , but used quavers at 60 bpm ( presumably that 's crotchet beats per minute , rather than some other time ) . 
  yeah , australian . 
  but my point was n't that i personally am not british , merely that out of english speakers , americans ( and maybe canadians ) are the only ones that use the fractional names for note durations . 
  but yeah , i can definitely see how the fractional names are a good idea . 
  my only problem is that i 've always thought it weird that the semibreve is the `` whole note '' . 
  why not the crotchet , since it 's the standard note that usually gets the beat ? 
  or the breve , since it 's the longest note with a definitive well-known name ? 
  but still , that 's how the french and germans do it , so there 's obviously something to it . 
  i mainly like the quaver/crotchet/minum naming because they 're just cool sounding words . 
  it gives the art some real weight to it , i feel . 
  they 're not practical names ( anyone who 's ever had to tell you about semihemidemisemiquavers will agree to that ) by any means . 
  wait , what happened in israel recently that means the us is going to stop supporting them so much ? 
  did a different party win the elections that the us does n't like as much ? 
  what does mad mean in this context ? 
  i ca n't see how `` mutually assured destruction '' fits . 
  welcome , / u/cervantesx . 
  i hope you enjoy your stay . 
  on a serious note , i wonder why they * do * call it practising medicine . 
  i mean , obviously `` practising '' has a different meaning in this context . 
  but i wonder what other situations this meaning is used ( outside of `` practising medicine '' , `` practising law '' , etc. ), 
  while i will agree that they should n't have posted it , really , most of the blame here goes on wizards . 
  this is absolutely terrible security , and they should have their site set up better than that . 
  when someone gives out the password for the site , * that * is entirely the fault of the person doing it . 
  but posting a link to an unsecured page says more about wizards for that being * possible * than it does about the person posting it . 
  oh right . 
  how many abilities would a character typically need before people start calling it mad ? 
  i assume 2 is pretty acceptable most of the time , but how about 3 ? 
  the basic rules are absolutely awesome , and i commend wizards for having them at all . 
  but i do feel that they 're just a touch * too * limiting . 
  the race options are absolutely fine , as is the cleric ( with a single domain ) , fighter ( with a single archetype ) , the rogue ( with a single archetype ) , and the wizard ( with one school ) . 
  but i feel that not having the paladin is a pretty glaring hole . 
  it 's one of the most iconic d&d classes there is . 
  it also would have been nice if they 'd included the bard . 
  ~ ~ and i do think that the monster/npc list at the end of the dm 's basic rules could have benefited from a few brief words about the personality/lore of the monsters/npcs included . ~ ~, 
  that said , those two things are literally the only problems i have with it . 
  for something that 's free , it 's really damn awesome . 
  edit : actually , just noticed , the dm 's guide * does * have some personality descriptions . 
  do n't know how i missed them the first time . 
  wait beth israel was meant to be a joke ? 
  i did n't get the reference ... is it a well-known real hospital or something ? 
  electricity loses a * lot * of energy over distances that huge . 
  it 's really not worth putting large generators of electricity too far out of cities . 
  but we do still have easily enough area near cities that * could * be used for solar or wind power . 
  we really could be the perfect posterchild for renewable energy sources if we wanted to be . 
  the problem with canada is the weather . 
  nobody wants to live in a place where 16 degrees is considered warm . 
  i do n't suppose you could give me advice on how to actually get cyberduck working properly ? 
  at the moment , i can download small files ( mainly music that i 've been testing it with -- at least up to a little over 20 mb ) pretty quickly , but large files ( like tv shows and movies , on the order of 200 mb or more ) just refuse to download . 
  they just sit at 0 mb downloaded . 
  edit : i just got a 194 mb file to start downloading successfully , but it failed at about 50 mb -- that one may be my internet connection , though . 
  how do you get it on os x ? 
  the link you sent only has linux instructions ( the ` apt-get ` instructions ) and windows ( in the link to the blog ) . 
  i could be wrong , but i believe that it 's also required that anyone working on an election saturday be given time off to go and vote . 
  but then , we * already * have compulsory voting , so of course people would have to get time off for it . 
  in the system used by australia 's house of representatives ( and both of america 's houses of congress ) , it is n't even necessarily a tyranny of the majority . 
  you can literally be the majority in government with a touch over 25 % of the vote .
