  i read all of the lord of the rings , and the first few chapters of the silmarillion . 
  at no point did i stop because it was bullshit . 
  just read the bible and take it like any other fictitious book . 
  that 's how i would do it . 
  that 's not the law , it 's my suggestions for what would be a fair law . 
  yeah , that 's definitely a reasonable action . 
  no worries . 
  yeah , i was aware of this with sex , but i 've seen no explicit evidence that it 's true for porn . 
  to be fair , i have n't seen much evidence against that , either ( except that i 've heard of cases where people have been charged for pics of their girlfriends , which may have simply been in a place without the exceptions ) . 
  i do n't know of a place where university students are under the age of 17 , so most uni students are , therefore , over the age of 18 , i.e. , adults . 
  post a link to a single picture of her , 9 times ? 
  wait , who 's the other , and what happened ? 
  also south america , they 're terrible for it . 
  here in vietnam , very little dubbing of western films happens , but korean dramas ( and possibly other asian ones , but i 've not seen any ) are . 
  the entire film , however , is dubbed by a single ( usually female ) person . 
  it 's incredibly bizarre to watch , even if you do n't speak vietnamese . 
  it 's not to the level of shakespeare , but filmmaking * is * an art form . 
  by dubbing them , you 're taking away its artistic integrity . 
  the director worked with the many actors in order to get a performance that he thought was best for the film . 
  dubs completely remove this interaction , and * at best * have someone else trying to emulate the performance of the actors . 
  it can never match up to the original performance . 
  whoa , whoa , whoa , what ? 
  america remaking oldboy ? 
  god no ... 
  he himself thought the planets overshadowed his other works . 
  it 's the reason he did n't write a pluto when it was discovered . 
  oh come on , you know reddit wants to hear the story !, 
  if it 's too private we understand , but we do n't mind a little mundanity . 
  you might want to cross post to / r/samplesize, 
  anyway , i 've done the survey , really nice and simple . 
  look forward to the results . 
  why ? 
  what else happened ? 
  i guess this one was just upvoted more , so it 's what i saw first . 
  yes , it 's trivial compared to women in afghanistan , but that 's not the point . 
  especially since my assumption was we were talking about the situation in the west . 
  the fact is that , taken on their own , they 're not super important points , but they * do * matter . 
  it 's an unfair and unequal social norm . 
  another example is the overwhelming tendancy in courts for women to win cases involving children , whether it be being given custody , or the man having to pay child care ( the latter of which i believe is fair in most cases , but not necessarily all ) . 
  less important is paid paternity leave , which although very equal in many countries has small differences for men in a lot of developed countries . 
  ( also side note , i was amazed when i did a quick search for this that in the us there is no federally-mandated paid parental leave of any sort . 
  that 's just absolutely horrendous for such a developed nation , though i guess not surprising given the stance on health care ... ), 
  wow , i did n't think they 'd actually go that far with it . 
  if he was doping , though , i guess it seems fair . 
  you call that mundane ? 
  god , i 'd love to see what you find awesome . 
  because to me , that is a * really * cool story . 
  and also understandable that you 'd become a bit paranoid over it . 
  america is the only place i know of where an 18 year old ca n't drink ( but other people can ) . 
  i do n't even know what mra is , and googling shows stuff about magnetic resonance , mountain rescue , but nothing that seems relevant . 
  the fact is in most western countries these days men and women 's statuses legally * are * equal . 
  the differences come in society 's perceptions and treatment . 
  the door one was probably a stretch , and like i said not one i believe is particularly relevant ( it 's polite for a male or a female to do for another male or female , imo ) , it 's just one many people mention . 
  all the other ones , though . 
  about relationships , and about legal standing when it comes to children ( gaining custody and , to a lesser extent , parental leave ) , are very real problems . 
  do you know the name of his new company ? 
  grand exchange ? 
  damn ... i must be really old on that game then . 
  that certainly was n't there when i quit . 
  i quit some time between farming and construction , according to the runescape wiki . 
  plenty of other games do it , but not rs . 
  wow 's the most popular , and it 's likely that many ( if not most ) of the others do it how they do specifically because they were inspired by wow . 
  cool , thanks . 
  i might have to follow their progress . 
  huh ? 
  what 's that got to do with what i said . 
  i disagree with him , too . 
  but the downvote button is n't meant to be used for disagreement , only things that do n't add to the argument . 
  his comment was constructive in the context of this debate . 
  unfortunately people do n't pay much attention to that aspect of reddiquette . 
  really ? 
  because to me it does n't seem that you 're interested in this conversation . 
  you 're both completely ignoring my main arguments , and making a straw man out of the ones you do pay attention to . 
  yes , there are many ways that women are disadvantaged . 
  i 'm not trying to deny that . 
  if we 're talking rape , what about prison rape ? 
  not many actions are taken to prevent that occurring . 
  or the massive stigma against men who are raped . 
  women get raped far more , true , but it does happen to men , and the rate of reporting is even lower for them because it 's seen to be embarrassing . 
  regardless , there 's no reason that we ca n't try and fix the problems relating to smaller-scale things in society ( `` chivalry '' ) , just because there also exist larger problems ( rape ) . 
  i would say that the child custody inequalities are much closer to being a large problem than a small one : it can affect the entire life of many children , after all . 
  fair enough . 
  i suppose that 's a fair metric to use , if you want to use it . 
  personally , i prefer to call an adult someone who is over 18 . 
  regardless , i do n't think you can call university `` childhood '' , really . 
  childhood implies much younger , probably under the age of 13 or at most 15 ( and i feel going that far is a stretch ) . 
  or a femtocell . 
  i do n't mind it if it 's got these random ( but interesting ) things included in it . 
  i came here to say we should go with something by louis armstrong , but i got ta say i like your idea better . 
  oddly , no . 
  liverpool , bath , and lincoln have them , though . 
  almost the same here . 
  my sister and i have both been baptised , though . 
  my mum is catholic , but completely non-practising , and my dad is atheist . 
  until both my sister and i decided we were atheists , religion was very rarely , if ever , mentioned in our house . 
  i thought even psychological addictions can have physical withdrawal symptoms , or is that wrong ? 
  edit : although obviously not the same horrible life-threatening symptoms physiological addictions can have . 
  oh god . 
  i started on reddit last march . 
  my exams were in may .
