  i 've always seen the one balinares said . 
  have you got a source for that ? 
  haha yeah , i figured . 
  the biggest thing that matters to me is screenshots . 
  with f.lux on the computer , i can take screenshots and share them with others , and they 'll look fine . 
  this is because f.lux is actually adjusting the display 's temperature . 
  with twilight on my phone , screenshots i send to others will look to them as it looked to me when i took it . 
  if i try to look at it on my own phone , it 's doubly orange . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is a result of the adding a layer of colour that you described . 
  does cf.lumen fix this ? 
  from the description you gave , it sounds like it wo n't really do that correctly . 
  i would add that cs50x is fantastic , but you probably want to wait until they start the 2015 run of it . 
  fitting 6 months ' work into a week is probably a bit tough . 
  but here are some of the coursera courses i 've done . 
  i 'm not a * huge * fan of them for a few different reasons , but they 're still very good . 
  unfortunately , with coursera , you have to do stuff in their very specific time frame , which means you often ca n't do them during convenient times like holidays . 
  but you mentioned you had to look it up somewhere to verify , i was wondering if you could point me there . 
  careful about this . 
  a couple of guys in my area did the same thing , and the recipient got * really * bitchy about it . 
  sudden drop of support certainly is annoying . 
  ( i miss wave and , more importantly , reader . ), 
  but that 's not what 's really going on here . 
  instead , they took the existing webkit , and decided that they wanted to go in a different direction than apple and its other contributors . 
  so it may slowly diverge from webkit . 
  even then , i think they said they would be willing to merge some changes back into the project . 
  yeah , * especially * if he just got his licence , he should know the rules , since they should be fresh in his memory . 
  but that 's the entire * point * of the distinction . 
  sounds like someone has n't seen the god-awful superman reboot . 
  anyone got a youtube mirror ? 
  their shitty player is being a bitch . 
  yeah i 'm really loving that . 
  as present ollie goes from cold killer to hero , flashback ollie is undergoing the transition from na\u00efve playboy to the cold killer . 
  yeah the player in question was a total shit . 
  he was also one of the defacto leaders of the resistance in the area , so it spread and the entire faction in the region was pretty terrible to be in at the time . 
  we had a lot of defections prior to the player getting banned ( for iitc usage , i believe ) . 
  you should submit these to / r/rule34 . 
  haha yeah , it 's pretty crazy . 
  -12 is the furthest behind , and +14 is the furthest ahead . 
  so people in samoa are actually a * full day * and 1 hour ahead of those in american samoa ( which is utc-11 , which i 'm using since there are n't inhabited places in utc-12 ) . 
  mine says sai . 
  no idea what that means . 
   the equinoxes and solstices that define the seasons, 
  this is the way things are done in most northern hemisphere western countries , but to me ( from australia ) it 's never made sense . 
  we say the seasons start on the first of the month . 
  summer started on 1st december , for example . 
  it makes far more sense , to me , doing things this way . 
  the season of summer is defined by having longer hours of daylight and warmer weather . 
  the summer solstice is the * longest * day -- it only gets shorter from there on . 
  so why would you make that the * first * day of the season ? 
  surely it makes more sense to have it roughly in the middle . 
  as to your more general point , i 'm not against the idea of a change . 
  however , i do n't particularly see the need for it . 
  if you , or someone else , has a * specific * calendar idea that you think should be adopted , i 'd be interested to seeing it and might say that i agree with you . 
   we can at least do better than what we have : months 1-5 have 31 days , and months 6-12 have 30 , for example, 
  but does n't it make sense to have each season be roughly the same length ? 
  by alternating the 30 and 31 day months , each quarter of the year is roughly equal in length . 
   school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years, 
  only in the northern hemisphere . 
  this particular issue is * always * going to mess up half the world , if we want to have the same calendar everywhere ( and i think that is an absolutely * paramount * condition to any calendar ) . 
  thus , why change ? 
  the only thing that 's weird to me is that the new year does n't begin with a new season . 
  summer/winter starts in december . 
  why not make december the new year ? 
  or even better , push the new year back to march , or bring it forward to september , to line up with spring in half the world ( and autumn in the other half ) . 
  does n't really matter to me which . 
  you should really give / u/sam512 a delta for that , it has very clearly changed your view . 
  remember , deltas do n't need to be given for a complete flip of your idea , just for * any * change to your opinion . 
  which this clearly is . 
  one thing i would definitely credit jackson with is the creation of lurtz for the battle of amon hen . 
  it gave the battle a much more personal feel to it , which i think made it seem much more urgent and impactful . 
  but urgh . 
  the floating barrels . 
  why the fuck did he have to go and do that with the floating barrels . 
  the original scene from the book was just brilliant . 
  subtle and really clever . 
  there was absolutely no need to turn it into an epic action scene ( especially one that used really obvious gopro footage -- that really lowered my opinion of the second hobbit film ) . 
  nexus owner here . 
  yeah , definitely a stock android feature . 
  and it 's damn annoying . 
  happens the first time you try to go above a certain volume * every * time you turn on the device . 
  no way to disable it ( within the settings included ) . 
  edit : just realised that this is no longer the case for me on lollipop . 
  the problem still exists for my nexus 7 that 's stuck on kit-kat for now , though . 
  please explain how , then . 
  i 've looked for it before and have never been able to get it . 
  hmm ... so i 've just had a look . 
  turns out that since i updated my phone to lollipop , the problem has gone away entirely . 
  i ca n't turn that feature back on , either . 
  but on my tablet , which is still on kit-kat , there 's no checkbox for `` safe headset volume '' in the volumes menu , so i ca n't fix that . 
  so is that gon na be three episodes per week ? 
  the wheel of time turns , and ages come and pass , leaving memories that become legend . 
  legend fades to myth , and even myth is long forgotten when the age that gave it birth comes again . 
  i agree that this season was comparatively disappointing . 
  the first episode felt so good , but then after that it was just constant disappointment . 
  and i was so hyped up for korra alone -- but it really failed to live up to its namesake . 
  that said , i do think it was still very good . 
  better than the middle of season 2 was , at any rate . 
  by the way , you mucked up your spoiler tags . 
  the first spoiler : [ aang flashbacks or iroh meetings but there were none ] ( / spoiler ) i ca n't say i really agree . 
  we had enough of those in previous seasons for my liking .
