  initial apple releases usually have bugs , and the first minor update will fix some , but often introduce a few more . 
  wait until mac os x 10.9.2 ( or 10.9.0.2 , whichever it is ) until you update . 
   office is far more powerful than any of the alternatives, 
  it 's unbelievable how true this is . 
  in spreadsheets there 's just no comparison . 
  excel is far easier to use for the amateur , and far more powerful for the pro , than either numbers or the open source options . 
  word 's referencing features alone make it far better than pages or the open source alternatives . 
  but in presentation software , i think it 's hard to make that claim . 
  keynote really is so much better than powerpoint , even if it has some quirks in the ui that make it somewhat awkward for people used to powerpoint . 
  i have n't used the icloud version of it , though . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm going by the advice of alex lindsay and andy ihnatko . 
  i have n't updated for a few months ( or more ) after the release of the update in the past , so i 've never had to worry about it either way . 
  nope , you can update to the latest version from anywhere as far back as snow leopard ( 10.6 , released 2009 ) . 
  these are n't minor performance improvements , these are highly significant changes to the way the operating system interacts with the hardware . 
  there also are new features , such as making keychain actually usable , availability of ibooks , tags in the file browser and tabbed file browser windows ( ** both massively useful ** ) , improved multi-monitor support , better notifications , and updates to a few apps like calendar and maps . 
  just a week or two ago there was a massive security found in adobe products , including reader . 
  but even aside from security , performance in reader is horrible on large documents compared to competitors . 
  steam 's the one that bugs me for not letting you easily choose an install path . 
  putting in references and citations , managing them automatically , and updating as necessary . 
  if you rounded the mean to the nearest integer , it would be 2 also . 
  heck , probably if you rounded the mean to the nearest * hundredth * , it would still be 2.00 . 
  you know os x still has spaces in more up to date versions , right ? 
  they 're just linear rather than a grid . 
  but if that 's too big a change for you , i believe you can get what you 're looking for fairly easily on linux . 
  start button *, 
  the menu 's still gone , there 's just a button in the bottom left now to take you back to the metro interface . 
  i do n't think you 're fully understanding just how large the changes here are . 
  it 's not like improving your programme 's efficiency from quadratic to linear in a few locations ( big o ) , it 's a complete redesign in how the os treats processes . 
  it 's also not aimed at enterprise it ( who are famously resistant to upgrades ) , and it 's 12 months since the last release , not 2 . 
  most of the features are minor improvements , but tagging in the filesystem certainly is n't . 
  aside from that , it 's the culmination of a lot of relatively significant minor improvements ( yeah , i get that sounds like an oxymoron , but it makes sense ) that adds up to be enough for a new major release . 
  if they charged $ 20 for it , you bet they would still see massive uptake of it , and very few people would really be complaining . 
  instead , they are getting well-deserved praise for giving it away completely free . 
  yeah i really do n't like the town myself , mainly because ( i suspect ) my first interaction with it was not a good one . 
  i do n't know , unfortunately . 
  if she 's on 10.5.8 , first thing to check is , does she have an intel mac ? 
  because if she 's still on ppc , the answer is flat out no . 
  ( go to apple -  about this mac , and look around for it . ), 
  if it is intel , then i imagine that it 'll be possible . 
  try and find an upgrade disk to snow leopard from somewhere ( apple does n't put restrictions on upgrades , so there 's no need to worry about licence keys ) , upgrade using that , and then upgrade straight to mavericks from there . 
  edit : just realised you said ' 07 / ' 08 . 
  pretty sure that should be intel anyway , so do n't worry about that first paragraph . 
  in fact , from memory , i think the macbooks * by definition * are intel , i think they gave them that name after they switched to intel , having some other name ( ibooks ? ), 
  before then . 
  no , that 's even worse . 
  slow painful death for you . 
  ^ ^ ^ nobody ^ ^ ^ ever ^ ^ ^ cares ^ ^ ^ about ^ ^ ^ brisbane . 
  new taipei and taipei are different cities ? 
  side note : australia obviously has a bizarre random city as its capital , but there 's a mildly interesting bit of history behind the reason . 
  what i find bizarre is that in the us , state capitals are usually cities nobody 's heard of ( * how on earth * is the capital of new york state not new york city ?? ) . 
  aus state capitals are often the * only * city anyone 's heard of ( particularly adelaide and hobart ) . 
  you do n't know about brisbane ? 
  what if i mentioned the gold coast to you ? 
  or how about cairns , closest ` major ' ( and i use that term loosely ) city to the great barrier reef ? 
  alice springs is the closest town to uluru ( that famous big rock ) , and darwin is ... actually never mind . 
  forget i mentioned it . 
  beta testing 's fine , if you 're doing that you 're ( hopefully ) prepared for any bugs you might encounter . 
  or even better , hopefully not doing it on your main machine . 
  it 's upgrading properly on your main machine that you need to be wary of . 
  if people would only remember brisbane it would be so much closer to 50 % . 
  ( also we 're the closest major city to the best beaches -- the sunshine coast . ), 
  no , just wishful thinking . 
  i 'd say the reason they 're not charging is just that it 's the natural progression of their previous trends . 
  os x has been getting cheaper every release since snow leopard , it only makes sense that it would be free eventually . 
  they make most of their money off of hardware anyway , so why not build goodwill by giving the software away for free ? 
  dunno about andy , but even alex specifically said he would upgrade one or two machines -- presumably for testing purposes . 
  but i do think andy 's recommendation is not to upgrade until version 2 . 
  that he himself upgrades is a different matter , since he 's a journo he needs to do it in order to comment on it . 
  and yeah , good point on regarding the importance of not having bugs in their system compared to the average user . 
  it 's certainly far less risky for most people to upgrade than it is for major production companies . 
   brisbane are rated among the most car-dependent cities in the world, 
  urgh i wish this was n't true . 
  being a cyclist in brisbane is a pain . 
  i ca n't speak for sydney , but here in brisbane it 's usual that houses will have undercover parking , either queenslanders ( houses essentially built on large stilts ) where they go under the actual house , or with a small overhead cover just to the side of the main house . 
  if you can get a copy of the disk to upgrade to sl , i * imagine * you 'll be able to upgrade to mavericks . 
  do n't quote me on that , though . 
  perhaps you 've heard of ayer 's rock ? 
  ( the westernised name that uluru was known as for a while , before it was officially switched back to the traditional aboriginal name . ), 
  but nah , i certainly did n't think you would have heard of them , mainly just mock bitterness at being from a place that people do n't know . 
  [ brisbane is in reddit 's top 10 visitors per capita , after all ] ( http://blog.reddit.com/2013/05/get-ready-for-global-reddit-meetup-day.html ) !, 
  i must say though , i 'm kinda surprised that the great barrier reef would n't be one of the first things a person thinks of , even if they do n't know its nearest cities . 
  it 's one of our largest and most important landmarks . 
  was ... was there a point to that ? 
  quickedit : wait , no , i got it . 
  haha . 
  i should go to bed . 
  it 's 6:30 am . 
  i would buy gold , but a ) i ca n't afford it , and b ) i honestly am not sure what it 's really for . 
  this pretty much mirrors my experience point for point . 
   i bought the non-retina 15 '' for the discrete graphics, 
  shame they 've removed this from their lineup . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  not only have they only upgraded the retinas , they completely * dropped * the 15-inch non-retina . 
  i 'm exactly the same . 
  build my own desktop pc , but i just love the build quality of apple 's laptops too much to give it up . 
  what sort of things do you want to do with it ? 
  unless you 're doing heavy video work or other ram-intensive processes , it 's very unlikely you 'll need more than 8 gb ram . 
  i thought it was particularly amusing that he followed up his black knight comments by saying something about how you do n't have to hide your love of batman . 
  you can set up accessibility options so that triple clicking the home button inverts screen colour .
