  the ` original benders ' are animals and the moon , not spirits . 
  exactly , the general said something to the effect of `` he wields the fire like it 's an extension of himself '' , which differs from how the elements were otherwise used without training from the original benders . 
  and yeah , no sky bison were shown , and we never saw him learn from badger moles or the moon , either , but i believe that because he was shown learning from the dragon , we can infer that he * did * get training from the other original benders , but they did n't show that for time . 
  the best rationalisation of that is simple . 
  han is n't all too bright on the sciency stuff , and he made a mistake . 
  yeah that 's what / u/metalgearform was talking about , i 'm pretty sure . 
  he 's said he will at least do a single transferable vote video , though he does n't know how long it 'll take him to get around to it . 
  personally , stv is my favourite system , and it 's what we use here in australia for electing our senate , and i 'd like to see us move to using it for our house of representatives , too . 
  [ this video with john cleese ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) explains how it would work in a house of reps ( or the uk 's house of commons ) really nicely . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blh_w5khjpa ) explains the actual process in more detail , and [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtamiddog6g ) is rather lengthy and slow , but explains the process of vote distribution much better , as well as ( at the beginning ) a brief overview of the quirk of the australian implementation of voting preferences . 
  all of that should tide you over until grey does a video , though i 'm still really looking forward to his , because he has a really good way of explaining things . 
  the biggest problem with range voting is that , like most systems , in actively encourages tactical voting . 
  to take the example of the us at its previous election , say my favourite candidate was the green one , followed by obama , followed by johnson , followed by romney . 
  in an honest world , i 'd probably vote ( assuming a scale of 1 -- 9 ) 9 for green , 6 for obama , 3 for johnson , and 1 for romney . 
  however , for tactical purposes , it would be much more prudent of me to give both the green candidate and obama a 9 , because in a largely two-party system , the intelligent thing to do is to give the major party that you most agree with a high chance of winning . 
  personally , stv is my favourite system , and it 's what we use here in australia for electing our senate , and i 'd like to see us move to using it for our house of representatives , too . 
  [ this video with john cleese ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) explains how it would work in a house of reps ( or the uk 's house of commons ) really nicely . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blh_w5khjpa ) explains the actual process in more detail , and [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtamiddog6g ) is rather lengthy and slow , but explains the process of vote distribution much better , as well as ( at the beginning ) a brief overview of the quirk of the australian implementation of voting preferences . 
  for presidential-type elections this does n't really make quite so much sense , so a better way to go about it would be to use av ( aka irv ) , which is essentially the special case of stv where the number of seats available is 1 . 
  we have the same problem here in australia . 
  we have the abc , which is an amazing , extremely high quality media agency funded by tax money , but the vast majority of our media is those same commercial entities you described . 
  our latest election was won in no small part thanks to the effort of your ( by which i mean the usa 's ) very own rupert murdoch , who owns a huge amount of australia 's mainstream media . 
  i saw an anonymous video for the first time recently . 
  it was something relating to the new anti-bikie laws here in queensland , australia . 
  the video just had me absolutely cringing . 
  i mean , i agree that the law they 're speaking against is stupid , but their video was just absolutely * awful * . 
  the awfully over the top use of music and effects , the robot voice , the stupid acting , and their even the actual words that they used and the way they presented their case . 
  ninjaedit : found the video [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptyyd32qxlw ), 
  true that . 
  we do n't want him , and i 'm sure most of you do n't want him either . 
  but legally he 's your responsibility now . 
  though our new pm did say something about how he 's a home grown hero or something , which is a really odd thing for the pm to say about someone who made the active decision to renounce his citizenship ... 
  how is remembering e-i-i-e any easier than just sounding the word out ? 
  def-in-it-el-y . 
  that 's how it 's said , and that 's how you spell it . 
  ( although perhaps it varies with accents , i know i do n't really pronounce the second e , it 's more like ` definitly ' when i say it . ), 
  watch out , or you might start an anti-anti-circlejerk circlejerk . 
  fair point , although that does n't excuse the bad scripting , or indeed the fact that they use a robotic voice at all . 
  if anonymity is really that important , audio editing software is extremely easy to come by these days and you could easily distort it to the point that it is unrecognisable as you . 
   if someone calls you a baker it 's because you bake , you do n't bake because they call you that . 
  oh shit ... uhh guys , i think i may have made some bad life choices . 
  there 's no bypassing . 
  it 's really simple , if you are physically in the spirit world , you can bend . 
  however , if you only send your spirit into the spirit world , you ca n't because you need your body in order to bend . 
  which comic ? 
  i do n't remember that bit . 
  which comic was this explained in ? 
  i 've read them ( except for the search part 3 ) but do n't remember that bit . 
  hail her majesty fire lord azula !, 
  regarding desna and deska , there 's a small revelation to their characters in the latest episode ( the first one after beginnings ) . 
  can i just point out , i was no where near downvoting you , until i read your comment about `` i will be downvoted for this ... '' . 
  it took a lot of effort * not * to downvote you after reading that , despite having no intention of doing so for your actual opinion . 
  i disagree , i really do think beginnings was incredible , easily among the best of the entire franchise . 
  i 'm not sure why you disagree , and i 'd be interested in an explanation . 
  by the way , it 's kind of pretentious of you to say, 
   it 's no where near as good as people are pretending, 
  `` pretending '' . 
  that implies people are acting as though it 's good when it 's not . 
  but that is n't what people think , the majority of people here really do believe the episode is incredible , there 's no pretending involved , even if you disagree with that opinion . 
  oh god , there are more than just the promise and the search ? 
  well , i guess i know what i 'm doing the next few weeks !, 
  hmm , what is this `` the lost adventures '' ? 
  from what i gather , it seems to be a compilation of all the comics listed on the page you linked as part of the book one , book two , and book three sections , do you know if that 's accurate ? 
  \\* hovers over link, 
  \\* sees link is tvtropes, 
  \\* nope, 
  god damn it . 
  i could n't resist . 
  i think this might be more of a [ heel realisation ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/heelrealization ) , really . 
  oh yeah , that 's the link i was on when i was talking about the lost adventures . 
  it looks like all the ones listed on that page as part of book one , book two , and book three -- the minor side stories -- might all have been rereleased in the lost adventures , which i 've got downloading now . 
  but i 'm not really sure what 's include , because it 's not explicitly stated . 
  hmm fair enough . 
  i would tend to agree with you for a lot of korra so far , but i really did n't notice the same problems with beginnings , personally . 
  have an upvote for your trouble , though . 
  it 's his signature , if he stopped doing it it just would n't be the same :(, 
   like in young justice , there was the whole subplot of superman 's refusal to accept superboy because he saw him as a weapon created by evil and not as a living human ( ish ) being, 
  yeah i must say , i really liked that subplot and how the interaction between the two of them developed . 
  could you explain red son a bit more ? 
  how does it fit in to the other timelines ? 
  or is it just something someone wrote that is n't considered a part of the greater universe ? 
  i 'd love to get into the comics , and i 'm sure it 's possible to just read a small slice and enjoy it , but personally i just ca n't do that . 
  when it comes to these things , i 'm a completionist , i absolutely can not start in the middle of a series . 
  off topic , it 's actually also the reason i 've never been able to get into doctor who . 
  i 'd need to go back to the very start , and the sheer number of episodes of that is intimidating ( not to mention the fact that there are dozens of episodes that are completely lost ) . 
  thanks for the detailed description though , i definitely feel like i 've got a better gauge for the character , and i might try and get my way through all the justice league shows , sequels , and spin offs . 
  sorry for the late reply , your comment was rather lengthy and i did n't reply immediately , so i just kept putting it off ... 
  to be fair , people are claiming a lot of psychological thrillers are n't horror films in this thread . 
  and to be fair , they are n't really , but at the same time claiming that they 're the scariest non-horror films is a bit disingenuous , and not in the spirit of the thread -- which is to find films that are n't ostensibly scary , but were frightening nonetheless . 
  i would be more than happy for people to be careful about spoilers like this guy is . 
  i saw planet of the apes for the first time not too long ago ( maybe a year or two ) , and i knew the ending . 
  it was an incredible film regardless , but i ca n't help but feel had i * not * known how it ends , it would 've been so much better . 
  side note , the second film was shite , but the other three in the series are incredible . 
  one of them ( the third , i think , but i do n't remember exactly ) has by far the best fictional speech i think i 've ever seen . 
  this reminds me , has anyone here seen thor 2 yet ? 
  i 've been thinking about going to see it, 
  edit : if you 're in america , disregard this , apparently it 's not out there yet . 
  oh huh , it 's still not out there yet ? 
  this is getting weird . 
  i remember seeing iron man 3 a few * weeks * before it came out in the us and had a bunch of people downvoting me for saying it was already out ( not realising it was n't yet out in the us ) :\\,
