  cycling two abreast on narrow roads with traffic is one such time . 
  i really liked the ads the government was running a little while back to this effect . 
  i kinda wish they had been running them for longer , or had a bigger series of them . 
   some cams have tracking lines to indicate a metre, 
  what is this wizardry, 
  hey , happy birthday !, 
  me too !, 
  whenever i get it , i find the most useful thing is the `` show all '' button in place of `` show 500 '' . 
  handy for ctrl-fing a particular bit of conversation in massive threads . 
  highlight last posts is great too , but i 've got [ an extension ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/reddit-au-comment-highlig/jeodebnjeecpbmbgimbpinccfkihhjid?hl=en ) that does the same thing -- though the native version works far better and more consistently . 
  someone could make a killing by operating an arcade / pc bang type thing with vr headsets . 
  too expensive for many people to buy , but i bet people would love to play around with them for a few hours every now and then . 
  as a cyclist myself , i do n't really understand why cyclists would do this . 
  when i 'm stopped at lights , i usually move over into the far left of the lane and let all or most of the cars pass before i start up again , because i know my acceleration is substantially slower than theirs . 
  except that you forgot to escape it , so instead of being a very long hashtag it 's a very long shouty headline, 
  yeah they are . 
  it 's just that because of how quiet the place is ( both as a quiet place to be , and in terms of international discussions ) , there 's basically no useful photos one could use . 
  i thought it was obvious too . 
  up until we saw her alive on the bed . 
  then i just figured they had been playing us up until that point . 
  turns out there were playing us only * at * that point . 
   black canary , the most important character in green arrow lore, 
  til black canary is more important to green arrow lore than green arrow . 
  damn , and there i was hoping nobody would notice before i got a chance to make a new one !, 
  as for adding it , i 'd recommend you suggest that [ in the new megathread ] ( / r/dndgreentext/comments / 4dq6rb/meta _ hall_of_fame_update_and_requests / ) . 
  this one 's a bit young so far , i tend to prefer to let them stew a bit before being added . 
  ouch . 
  someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed . 
  this time it was just because i had it shut down . 
  ** keep your floss by the computer . 
  when you 're watching netflix or youtube or whatever , you 're not using your hands , you 're just sitting back passively consuming stuff . 
  it 's the perfect time to floss . 
  if you do it in the shower , you 're either going to be standing there wet and cold , or you 're going to be wasting huge amounts of water . 
  i 'm guessing he 's trying to imply that the cost would have been less elsewhere . 
  and it probably would be , but not by as much as if it were non-dental work . 
  dental work is crazy expensive anywhere . 
  see : every lawful stupid paladin story ever . 
  what 's an mhoc-style speaker ? 
  what exactly is wrong with their cert ? 
  it 's showing up for me as being sha256 , using a 2048 bit rsa public key , and signed by a trusted root cert . 
  you referring to the youtube , the spotify , or the guitar one ? 
  i do n't use spotify , but the youtube link works fine for me in australia , as does the guitar one . 
  ~ ~ similarly for comparison , the fastest human * runner * can do less than 18.8 km/h ( 100 m in 19.16 seconds ) . 
  that 's about 15-ish miles per hour . ~ ~, 
  edit : this is exactly * half * our maximum speed . 
  see below . 
  australian magpies are completely unrelated to european magpies , but in the aussie variety yes , swooping is common behaviour around spring . 
  i did the comparison to the 200 m ( because i was n't sure which of the two was the fastest -- i had heard it was the 200 , but it turned out not to be ) , but then by mistake i ended up using the time for double the 100 ( which is 9.63 seconds , hence my 19.16 ) instead of going back to the original value ... 
  still , the point holds . 
  even our fastest runners are slower than orcas in the water . 
  that 's ... what i just said ? 
  i think this is coming from a bunch of different sources giving different numbers for the world record . 
  the one i used at the time was 9.58 . 
  the one i used when i double checked it in reply to you said 9.63 . 
  i assumed all the sources would be correct and have the same values , so i did n't go back and compare . 
  the things that made qwerty useful in old mechanical typewriters make it useful again on touch screens . 
  keeping commonly used pairs apart makes autocorrect algorithms , as well as the subtle manipulation of touch targets for prediction , far more accurate and useful than dvorak , which ends up putting common letters near each other , especially vowels . 
  but i got the impression grey is using an external keyboard with his device , so that probably does n't matter as much , and he also probably is n't feeling that same psychological difference between using a computer and a touch screen device that you describe . 
  i found it totally worthwhile . 
  went from an average fast typing speed of about 60 to over 80 , with peak speed going from just over 100 to about 120 wpm . 
  it took me maybe 4 weeks or so to get back to parity with qwerty after i started . 
  but far more important than that is the comfort and the familiarity . 
  before , i could sorta touch type , but i would frequently notice myself subtly glancing down at the keyboard . 
  now , i can * very * comfortably type with my eyes completely closed and feel confident i wo n't make mistakes . 
  come to / r/dvorak if you want to hear more !, 
   i literally popped out and moved every key in my keyboard . 
  for what it 's worth , we generally advise against doing this , because it can encourage bad habit-forming . 
  you say you managed to break the bad habits by switching , and that 's awesome , but in general that can be way easier to do if you * do n't * rearrange the keys , and instead just use a paper print out of the layout underneath your monitor to refer to when you get stuck . 
  access to a browser and stack overflow is also necessary . 
  no , they 're definitely a parallel to full casters . 
  their output of level 5 spells * exceeds * that of normal full casters in a `` standard '' adventuring day at level 20 . 
  more importantly , they gain new spell slot levels at exactly the same rate as the full casters : ever second level . 
   in some circumstances , activities and equipment operating within the prescribed levels and times may still be deemed a nuisance when assessed against certain noise criteria . 
  i suspect that deliberately being a smartarse like you describe would probably fall into this category . 
  that 's up to the mods . 
  they need to maintain the list at / r/subreddit/wiki / pagelist ( for whichever subreddit we 're talking about ) . 
  who was it that they suggested ? 
  the comment 's been deleted . 
   who 's going to beat david mazouz ? 
  like , is it even close ? 
  strictly speaking , ammunition is n't the weapon , the actual * weapon * is . 
  in terms of how this is written , i would think that imbuing the crossbow is what is done , not individual pieces of ammo . 
  the fact that thrown weapons are called out specifically , but not ammunition weapons , lends credence to this idea , imo . 
  ## overall score 7.33 / 10, 
  ### wording/formatting : 6/10, 
  the first page , with all the flavour , eschews a number of conventions for classes . 
  first , it does n't use columns , and instead goes for one long column with a rather distasteful looking wrapping to the image . 
  the image itself looks absolutely great , and the merging with the page is * okay * . 
  the flavour text also lacks the usual tableaux that we get with classes in favour of jumping straight to a general description of the class . 
  the subheadings in the flavour text feel extremely off to me . 
  just not very engaging at all . 
  there 's a spelling mistake on what should be `` anathema '' , and a few moments with awkward wording : one that stood out to me was `` their own lifeblood and the lifeblood of others '' -- i would probably recommend just saying `` and that of others '' -- but for the most part it 's well-written , and the prose is certainly extremely evocative . 
  the background also stands out significantly from the typical phb page , though this works in its favour , in my opinion , with a stronger thematic fit to the class . 
  including the amount of gold that a character can choose to start with en lieu of their normal items is a nice touch . 
  most classes i 've seen do n't do this , because in the phb that option is listed in a table in a different section of the book , so most people forget to include it . 
  the wording `` falls unconscious or dies '' is both unnecessarily complicated , and goes against the established wording in the phb . 
  `` drops to 0 hp '' is the normal way of expressing this . 
  ### theme/creativity : 9/10, 
  i like it a lot . 
  i 'm a huge fan of the characterisation in the witcher games , and this is obviously inspired by them .
