  the only room for improvement i see is `` plugins '' , which you used where the standard english term would be `` port '' . 
  the meaning got across totally fine , though , so it 's no biggy . 
   to give you ads that are tailored to your likes/interests rather than random ads that might not interest you ? 
  honestly , i just wish they could do this * better * . 
  i 'm sick of having youtube preroll ads for nike shoes or the liberal party ( in aus ) . 
  neither of which i have any interest in . 
  i 've only ever been critical of the liberals , and i think this is perhaps the first time i 've ever mentioned shoes at all online . 
  i 'm a firm aasics guy ( as a runner ) . 
  but yeah , i got no problem with them collecting as much data as they can . 
  it leads to great products being free , and * should * lead to advertising that i 'm more interested in . 
  i just wish they 'd do that last bit a little better . 
  i do like how facebook gives you the option to `` hide this advert '' , or to hide all adverts from a specific publisher . 
  that could go a long way in getting rid of irrelevant ads . 
  you 're getting a lot of joke responses , but honestly what did you expect ? 
  i 'm not sure your question really even makes sense . 
  edit : apparently it is n't called sticky tape in america ... that would be where my confusion came from . 
  serious question , what do you call it ? 
  really . 
  all of that , and you pick out that much of it to criticise ? 
  yes , universally better . 
  specs are lower on a price-for-price match , but performance is n't , because the operating system is better optimised for that specific hardware . 
  you can game very well , and there 's actually an incredibly wide selection of games available . 
  not nearly as good as windows , but certainly not so low that you would n't be able to find a good game . 
  i game on it regularly when i 'm on the go , away from my pc . 
  software might be limited , but in my experience what software is available is much higher calibre . 
  people who develop for os x tend to put more emphasis on design and usability . 
  you also have access to a number of great applications not available on windows , like textexpander and pdfpen ( both from smile software ) , and alfred . 
  i find the hardware buttons frequently useful , particularly for the screen brightness and play/pause on itunes . 
  it 's a small thing , but it does make some difference . 
  and finally , with the trackpad , you have proven that you really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  believe me , the apple trackpad is amazing . 
  it is literally * better * that most mouses for any task except gaming and media editing/designing . 
  and even for those tasks , it is acceptable . 
  i played through all of portal 1 and 2 on a mbp with the touchpad . 
  changed from button 1 and 2 to press q and e for shooting portals , and then it was fine . 
  a mouse would have been easier , but i did n't have one at hand and it worked brilliantly in a pinch . 
  i also played assassin 's creed : brotherhood , on one , because i finished ac : ii shortly before i went away on holiday and did n't have my desktop . 
  again , it worked just fine . 
  this might seem counter intuitive to someone who has only had experience with the touchpads on most windows computers , but it 's really quite simple . 
  the apple trackpad is exceptionally large : the full length of my middle finger sideways , and slightly larger than my pinky in the direction perpendicular to the screen . 
  this large size allows for a number of gestures , such as two fingers to scroll or go go back/forward through web pages , three fingers to access mission control or swipe between spaces , and four to view desktop or launchpad ( again , cringe at the name ) . 
  because the whole thing is a single large button , it 's much easier to do simple things like drag and drop , and right clicking anywhere is much simpler , by pressing with two fingers . 
  one other thing i forgot to mention is the backlit keyboard . 
  some windows laptops have these , but in my experience not many . 
  it 's an absolutely invaluable feature on a laptop . 
  haha no worries . 
  nobody knows what it is . 
  or rather , * everybody * knows what it is , they just do n't * know * they know it . 
  it 's used in a [ lot of film and tv sound tracks ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duduk#in_popular_culture ) . 
  [ battle star galactica ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jekumsewfbs ) is one of the best examples . 
  it enters at around 0:35 . 
  it 's a small double-reeded woodwind instrument ( similar to the oboe , but smaller and more reedy sounding ) . 
  sorry dude , but you 're wrong . 
  i just love technology , and it 's haters such as yourself that need to get a life and stop criticising technology just because you happen to not be open enough to try something new . 
  if i had to pick a single technology company that was the only one i 'm allowed to use going forward , it would be google , without a second thought . 
  i love android , and being able to sync my gmail and google calendar across my nexus 4 , mbp , and desktop pc . 
  using google drive to share files and edit documents is amazing . 
  google now is perhaps my favourite thing in technology at the moment , for too many reasons to bother explaining . 
  you do n't get that kind of awesomeness from any other company . 
  but more than a google fanboy , i 'm a technology enthusiast who wants to be able to get the best out of technology . 
  it makes me sad when people dismiss something out of hand because it 's apparently the ` popular opinion ' to hate on anything from that company . 
  not sad , per se , but i do kinda feel sorry for those people . 
  limiting themselves for such petty reasons . 
  so you agree with him that i 'm an apple fanboy ? 
  i 'd like to politely ( since you are also being polite ) direct you to my reply to his comment . 
  my reply was also needlessly snarky , but that 's what he deserved , i feel . 
  as an ingress player , thank you for that compliment . 
  no , it 's not a fact . 
  like i said , i 've done it regularly . 
  playing on games the day of release is n't an important factor to most people , and for those that it is , windows is always there . 
  i never made any claim os x is * better * than windows for gaming , or even that it 's * close * to as good as windows . 
  just that it 's good enough in a pinch . 
  i do n't have tests to prove it , but it 's a well-known fact that relies on a very basic understanding of the differences between the platforms . 
  windows has to be optimised to run well enough on an * incredibly * wide array of hardware configurations . 
  this is a brilliant advantage for the platform , but it 's also the reason that spec-for-spec comparisons simply do not work . 
  edit : it 's worth noting , though , that this is for common tasks . 
  for things like rendering video or playing games , it does come down much more to the raw specs in most cases . 
  and i 'm sorry , but if you feel that way about the trackpad , you are in the vast minority of users . 
  most people love the apple trackpad -- at least since they went to the single giant button design instead of the older trackpad + a button . 
  you 're entitled to that opinion , though , of course . 
  just do any search regarding `` best trackpad '' . 
  most of the top results i came across involved some mention of how good apple 's one is . 
  http://www.neowin.net/news/microsoft-and-intel-working-to-improve-laptop-trackpads-for-windows-81 ( in the comments ), 
  those were just a few randomly selected from a google search for `` best trackpad '' ( without quotes ) . 
  i excluded ones from obviously mac-biased sites ( mac rumours ), 
  this is in addition to , unanimously , everyone that i 've talked to in person . 
  oh sorry , i misread . 
  it does n't , it just demonstrates that they 're much better than any other trackpad . 
  it 's more functional than a mouse because you can do things like scroll sideways and perform gestures . 
  it most definitely * is n't * better for things where precision is key , like games and media production , but for average tasks like web browsing and document editing , these extra features make it more useful than a mouse . 
  ouch , you received professional work in garageband ? 
  shudder indeed . 
  also try submitting to / r/australia, 
  edit : and you should probably * explicitly * state that people should n't be looking up the answers , since it is most likely incredibly easy to do . 
  no , not that they are n't relevant , just that i wish i could say stop showing me these . 
  they * are n't . 
  going . 
  work . 
  * ( in fact , from their standpoint they 're perfectly targeted . ), 
  in fact , the political one in particular is highly relevant , we 've got an election in two weeks .
