  i think it 's how english was actually spoken back then . 
  a remnant of its germanic roots ( 45 , in german , is f\u00fcnf und vierzig -- excuse the spelling -- which translates as five and forty ) . 
  you can see in that picture it 's already off . 
  there 's a tick next to `` filter explicit results '' when it 's on . 
   vlc 's really surprisingly good at internet sources, 
  it 's actually really , * really * impressive . 
  at my uni , we can watch free-to-air tv on the uni network . 
  they give us some . xspf files , and you play it in vlc and bam , you 've got live television streaming over your internet connection without any real setup or configuring . 
  high quality at a moderate ( 480p ) resolution , and very rarely any buffering issues . 
  just an anecdote i thought would be interesting . 
  you should find a linux vm that 's skinned to look exactly like windows xp for even more fun . 
  unfortunately there 's one type of file that it could reasonably play that it wo n't . 
  it wo n't play midi . 
  i 'm sure there 'd be some way of configuring it , but it does n't do it as easily as i 've had experiences with quicktime ( on os x ) and windows media player ( on windows ) in the past . 
  not that it particularly matters . 
  i would generally prefer using midi files in a proper score-reading programme like sibelius anyway . 
   the story arc of the first bbc miniseries , house of cards , is the same as the first two seasons of the us house of cards . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i mean , that 's how i interpreted it at first , too , but looking back on it ( i just finished the third season ) it seems to me like the king was analogous to the president , while winning the vice presidency was like becoming the pm . 
  obviously the actual positions do n't leave much for comparison , but the way the show handled the characters it seemed to work in much the same way . 
  the president 's character was very similar to the king 's , i felt , as was the dynamic between francis and each of them . 
  they just had to change the ending so that in the us version he ends up president , while in the uk version he leaves the king politically beaten . 
  as a side note , i was really unclear on what happened at the end there . 
  in season 3 there 's a new king , but at the end of season 2 he was adamant that he would not abdicate . 
   if they 're paralleling the original house of cards miniseries in the uk , the next season should be the start of act ii ( to play a king ) . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  i mean , that 's how i interpreted it at first , too , but looking back on it ( i just finished the third season ) it seems to me like the king was analogous to the president , while winning the vice presidency was like becoming the pm . 
  obviously the actual positions do n't leave much for comparison , but the way the show handled the characters it seemed to work in much the same way . 
  the president 's character was very similar to the king 's , i felt , as was the dynamic between francis and each of them . 
  they just had to change the ending so that in the us version he ends up president , while in the uk version he leaves the king politically beaten . 
  as a side note , i was really unclear on what happened at the end there . 
  in season 3 there 's a new king , but at the end of season 2 he was adamant that he would not abdicate . 
  could you not put in spoiler tags so that people can discuss the british version without spoiling others ? 
  it 's only natural that people will want to compare things between the two , but it definitely needs to be done in a way that people who only watch the american version will not get unwittingly spoiled . 
  house of cards has a * very * strong shakespearian feel to it . 
  this is much more obvious in the british version , but having seen that it 's pretty clearly present in the american one , too . 
  one thing that shakespeare loved to do was to take people who get into power through ill means , and tear them down . 
  hamlet and macbeth are the most obvious examples of this . 
  now , reading how you want the us version to end really gave me chills , and if they did it like that , i would not be at all upset . 
  but i would n't be upset if it ends more or less how it did in the british version , either . 
  honestly i 'll probably be happy with whatever they end up doing . 
  the important thing is that whatever they choose , they execute it flawlessly -- as they have thus far . 
  tolerant , [ so long as you are n't an atheist ] ( http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2012/06/18/commentary-is-there-room-atheists-indonesia.html ) . 
  also the ridiculously harsh penalties for drug possession that are common in south east asia , but that one 's more to do with a conservative people than religion per se . 
  if you ever want to get back into classical , try the double bass . 
  it uses the same strings , and thus very similar fingerings . 
  ( not to mention , upright bass in jazz is just about the coolest thing ever . ), 
  that was the official report , but no legal action was ever taken against anyone threatening to attack him . 
  he ended up getting charged under cyber crime laws , for a comment that -- as far as any sources i can find say -- merely stated that god does n't exist . 
  i could certainly not find anything that implies he was actually insulting anyone directly . 
  the fact remains that a man was gaoled for commenting that he does not believe in god . 
  this is unacceptable in any country that wants to be taken seriously on the world stage . 
  i would be * very * cautious about cocaine in vietnam . 
  it is n't grown in the region , and so you 'd be running massive risks with regards to what you 'd be getting . 
  i lived there for a while , though , and i know many of my friends regularly buy weed . 
  it 's * extremely * easy to get a hold of , and amazingly cheep . 
  regarding their laws , my understanding is that anything involving national borders is going to be pretty strict , but they are very lax otherwise . 
  if one did get caught with it , the police are immensely corrupt . 
  500,000 dong and you 'd probably get away scot free . 
  in the past they 've always asked the mods of a subreddit if they want to be defaulted . 
  i would assume that 's what they 've done here , and the mods of this subreddit were okay with it . 
  the influence of money/corruption can be scary at times . 
  while we 're talking about disgust , i 'd rather * not * bring up australia 's asylum seeker policies . 
  yeah , sorry about that ... 
  maybe the admins are n't aware that no means no ? 
  i 'm not going to lie , or struck me as an odd choice all around . 
  odd that reddit would have picked them and odd that the mods would have accepted . 
  that said , i do n't think i 've ever seen any mods poll people before becoming a default . 
  it 's even possible that reddit asked them to keep it secret , especially since they were making such an enormous change to the lineup . 
  you may not like to admit it , but / u/babycarrotman is absolutely correct . 
  many original subscribers do dislike this change , but you can not tell if it is a majority using this poll . 
  have a look at the new queue . 
  it it 's anything like it was a few hours ago there are enormous amounts of downvotes on everything . 
  these are a small number of petty people who hate this subreddit being added so much they are downvote brigading it . 
  i would imagine far more dislike the change enough to vote no but would not lower themselves to brigading the new queue . 
  personally , i voted the third option since i was not a member prior to the change , but i do n't think most people would have had the integrity to do that . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone today would disagree that stalin was a cunt , and he was definitely left wing in an absolute sense . 
  i mean , sure , there might be some who are * further * left of him , but he 's still undeniably left of centre . 
  edit : yeah i realise your comment was just being flippant , but it felt like it came from somewhere serious . 
  i can dig it . 
  for reference , it 's about $ 25 . 
  or res users , who can use `` a '' and `` z '' for upvote and downvote , respectively . 
  since no one else has done it , here 's a list of some of the companies in the coalition :, 
  * amazon, 
  * facebook, 
  * netflix, 
  * twitter, 
  * dropbox, 
  * tumblr, 
  * coursera, 
  * opendns, 
  * ustream, 
  * codecademy, 
  * bittorrent, 
  * opera software asa, 
  * digg, 
  * kickstarter, 
  that 's just a few that i selected that i thought people would care about . 
  you can get the full list [ on the actual letter to the fcc ] ( http://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/assets/4422119/letter_to_fcc.pdf ) .
