  i know the simpsons has done crossovers with futurama and family guy , are they on the same network ? 
  ( though admittedly even if they are n't , it 's not the best example to compare this to , on account of them being animated sitcoms compared to these live action superhero dramas ... ), 
  wow , [ that is a ** very ** impressive list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_munch#appearances_and_crossovers ) !, 
  i managed to teach my parents to go tv-lite using a windows laptop ( i tried it with linux * , but unfortunately the laptop they had just got crap download speeds under linux -- musta been some driver issue i reckon ) , plex , and bittorrent . 
  they still watch normal tv , but if they absolutely had to , they could now do without it completely . 
  and it would be even easier if where they lived had access to services like netflix, 
  it 's * amazing * how easy it is to do today . 
  i doubt my parents could set it up , but once i had it set up it took me five minutes to explain how to use it to them , and they ( especially my mother , who has taken to this setup * incredibly * well ) are terrible with computers . 
  \\* would have preferred linux , since i 'm also using this laptop as a seedbox ( they live in a country with no copyright enforcement , and no real prospects of copyright enforcement happening any time soon , and i live in a developed western country ) , and being able to just ssh into the thing/grab files with scp would have been so useful , but unfortunately it was n't in the cards in this case . 
  can i just say , i do n't really think * any * of the star wars movies are sci-fi . 
  to me , science fiction is fundamentally about dealing with philosophical and moral consquences that arise from futiristic technology . 
  star wars does n't really do any of that , and in its defence , it never really tries to . 
  it 's an action drama set in space with futuristic technology . 
  not to say that 's a bad thing at all . 
  it 's just that i do n't really think it should be classified as science fiction in the way that star trek ( at least the tv series -- the movies are less so , especially the recent ones ) or mass effect should be . 
  oh yeah , i completely missed that . 
  yeah i know why they do it . 
  it just does n't rub well with me . 
  i 'm surprised at the combination of these two events :, 
  * the human sometimes beats the horse, 
  * the horse narrowly beat the cyclist, 
  must be a really weird or really inconsistent track where a human can beat a horse , and yet the horse can beat the cyclist . 
  by the transative property , that must mean that humans on foot can beat a cyclist under certain conditions . 
  still , i do wonder if humans would win more if the distance were longer . 
  if they did a full marathon , or perhaps a double marathon . 
  you guys totally have to test that one out . 
  preferably before the end of the year . 
  and post the results to reddit . 
  oh awesome , thanks for the info . 
  i also love the fact that you called it tablecloths . 
  so accurate . 
  please tell me that 's the official name or something . 
  it 's because sensible people stop at three and three quarter laps , or keep going for much longer . 
  seriously , who runs 1,600 m ? 
   i think they offered it knowing that it was impossible, 
  you know , reading the article , i kinda thought that might be the case , but i was n't entirely sure . 
  but seriously , that has got to be absolutely impossible . 
  6 ultra races in just 8 months ? 
  crazy !, 
   kudos to you for taking an interest in her interest, 
  i doubt that 's what happened . 
  considering he 's doing ultras , i 'd say he was probably already running before they met . 
  heck , i would n't be surprised if they met * through * running in some way . 
  but agree on the other three accounts . 
  ama plz . 
  edit : missed this comment on the part of op when i initially replied to your comment :, 
   i usually ride the bike with i go with her on training runs . 
  guess i take back that first part . 
  op is awesome for supporting her in that way . 
  oh that 's very interesting . 
  yeah i suspected it was impossible for lords to refuse to pass supply . 
  thought i had read it somewhere before , but was n't certain . 
  but i * did n't * know that particular detail of the constitutional crisis . 
  that 's * really * interesting . 
  i just thought that they were blocking supply directly . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  but i do n't think that * necessarily * is indicative of the impossibility of functional coalitions in the uk . 
  it could be that it 's a situation that arises most naturally in such a system , because the parties that become the biggest in such a political system also tend to be more centrist , and thus more * able * to cooperate like that . 
  if this is true , then over time , if the uk switched , labour and/or the conservatives would become less popular in favour of other parties . 
  on the other hand , it could also be that the reason for the situation in germany is a cultural one . 
  a result of germans being far more pragmatic than brits , or something similar to that . 
  or it could be something else entirely . 
  i 'm just shooting out ideas here , really . 
  you certainly do bring up a good point . 
  still would n't technically require a re-election of president , which was my understanding of the implied context of the question . 
  i could be wrong , but if every member of congress died , in addition to the entire line of presidential succession , the next president would be voted for by the new house of representatives ( basically , the new speaker after the old speaker , who was third in line , had died ) after they got elected in their by-elections . 
  so even in that absolute doomsday scenario , the president would not be elected until the next scheduled presidential election . 
  yeah i definitely agree with that in a strict sense . 
  the only reason i think it was implied that they were talking about the president is that they were comparing it to the prime minister , which has the implication that what they 're talking about is who holds the highest office . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure i 'm on some list , too . 
  probably should have been m, 
  oh god that is incredible !, 
  oh that raises an interesting question for me . 
  how do by elections work in mmp ? 
  i mean , if the retiring member was elected by his electorate it 's simple . 
  same as it would be under any simple single-winner system . 
  but if the mp was one of the ones elected from the party list , how do they do it ? 
  i 'm really not a fan of new zealand 's system . 
  i do n't like mmp because i do n't like the idea of formalising parties , and i really do n't like letting party lists elect people that the * people * voted against . 
  i 'm also weary of removing the upper house . 
  queensland did that and personally i think that has made our state politics a sham . 
  if we did mmp we should do it in two separate houses . 
  not exactly sure how it would work , probably one level you elect a local member and vote for parties to represent your state , and one where you directly elect a state member , and party lists elect nationwide members . 
  or something like that . 
  i ca n't remember which , but there are countries with two houses both elected by mmp , so we would n't be the first . 
  yeah that does n't surprise me . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not a setting tied to your account , but to some cookie or something . 
  i just do n't think it fair that someone should have to register only at this one opportunity every year ( or was it every few years ? 
  ) , or that you should have to vote at one specific polling booth . 
  that second one is the worst bit . 
  what if you have to be somewhere else on the day at the last minute ? 
  what if you would just prefer to vote somewhere else ( for example , i always go vote at my old primary school for sentimental reasons , when it is far from the closest polling station in my electorate ; or perhaps someone of a different religion would rather not vote in a christian church ) ? 
  these and probably many other reasons demonstrate it is a bad idea to force someone to vote at a particular polling station . 
  a person should not ever have to even * consider * any of these things in order to exercise their democratic right -- nay , * duty * -- to vote . 
  man , that 's a bit long for the image macro format , do n't you think ? 
  my biggest problem is this bit :, 
   the polling station, 
  why is it that you have to go to one specific polling station ? 
  i think that 's just terrible . 
  i see no good reason that a person should have to consider where they go to vote .
