  one possible solution is to go back to the old form of movement , where you ca n't just run circles around people . 
  to be honest , i think * this * rule is the problem , not the flanking thing . 
  the fact that on your turn , you can literally spend the entire time doing nothing but running around your opponent and that somehow does n't make you vulnerable to them attacking you is ridiculous . 
  it makes gameplay a * little * bit smoother , but honestly not all that much . 
  and it also makes flanking way easier to get . 
  if you go back to the 3.5 and 4e way of doing things , where moving more than 5 ft. around an opponent gives them an opportunity attack , then flanking becomes a much more reasonable option , as to gain it you either have to spend many turns moving around them , give them an opportunity attack , or spend a turn doing it after having disengaged . 
  it slows combat down a little , but sometimes that 's worth it for a * huge * amount of realism . 
  personally , as a compromise between the two , i quite like the idea presented elsewhere in the comments regarding a bonus action `` help '' . 
  with the caveat that it only works when flanking medium creatures . 
  no flanking a dragon or a giant . 
   plus does n't make much sense . 
  in a real fight you do n't just run behind someone over and over again then they do it on their turn . 
  it would make the fight silly . 
  how does it not make sense ? 
  what does n't make sense is that completely surrounding an enemy does n't make it way , * way * harder for them to defend themselves . 
  the problem here lies with 5e 's decision to allow a character to literally run circles around an opponent without that providing an opportunity attack . 
  but that 's separate from flanking rules , and in fact is something that most people still play with anyway . 
   also i hand out immunity to flanking to a lot of my monsters , as often it does n't make sense . 
  my general rule if i were to play with any sort of flanking rules is to say `` only medium or smaller creatures '' . 
  it 's painting with very broad strokes , but it makes it way easier than manually deciding on a case-by-case basis who should and should not be flankable . 
  everyone is condescendingly telling you to read the article . 
  the answer is yes , it does work for men getting attention from women . 
  it does n't say anything about people attracted to the same gender , however it * does * say that it does n't increase how attractive you perceive someone of the same gender to be if you 're heterosexual . 
  fun fact , [ red shirts actually are not the most dangerous ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grp92hxdlgy ) in star trek , mathematically . 
   sure , flanking may make sense when you are considering groups of attackers , but it loses that when considering 1v1 combat, 
  groups of attackers are literally the only time flanking makes sense in * any * scenario . 
  none of your comment makes sense because there is no ruleset in which you can * flank * an opponent by yourself . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
   in a fight if someone runs around you to get behind you , you wo n't just stand there , you turn to face them . 
  you ca n't do that if there are people on both sides of you . 
  that 's what flanking is . 
   and if you are surrounded , attackers do n't get any other advantages because having you surrounded and out numbered is already the advantage . 
  but they do , in a real fight . 
  the have a * much * higher chance of succeeding , since you are unable to block , parry , or dodge as effectively when attacks are coming from two sides . 
  oh right . 
  yeah , that would be weird . 
  no whoosh , just answering the person above me 's question . 
  oh , hmm ... yeah that is a bit of a problem . 
  i 'll be honest , i never liked the mastermind very much to begin with , so its not a huge loss in my opinion . 
  but still , i 'm not a fan of nerfing official material unnecessarily ... 
  the mastermind would still have * some * value , since they do n't need to be * flanking * per se . 
  maybe you could solve the problem by allowing them to help even from a short range . 
  thanks for pointing that out , i 'll have to think this over some more . 
  aside from the property ownership thing , which people in this thread have talked to death , i 've also seen a * lot * of criticism aimed at chinese tourists for being extremely disrespectful ( something i 've heard about a lot , but i do n't think i can recall witnessing myself ) and chinese students both within their own system and when they come here , for being lazy cheats ( again , something i 've never personally witnessed ) . 
  i do n't know how or who make quickmeme , but the reason it was banned is apparently they were vote manipulating . 
  it was ** really ** poorly handled by the reddit admins , because they said they had all this evidence , but refused to proffer any of it , and they also never officially communicated with us -- they simply told the mods of large subreddits like / r/funny and expected them to disseminate the information . 
  but apparently what they were doing is using accounts to downvote any image hosts other than quickmeme , and upvote quickmeme posts . 
    if your direct parent was a deva , you would n't be an aasimar , you 'd be a half-angel . 
  which would be a whole different level of ability . 
   i had no idea there even were half-angels . 
  tieflings are not * descended * from devils , either , they 're more just tainted bloodlines . 
  in terms of biology , they 're nearly entirely human . 
  someone whose parents were a devil and a human is a cambion . 
  the same applies for celestials . 
  hi , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future please remember to apply a flair yourself . 
  hi sorry , but this is a subreddit for homebrew content , not for asking for ideas about campaigns . 
  you might want to try / r/dndnext . 
   tieflings are just tieflings , regardless of whether they came from a vrock or a glabrezu or a balor . 
  even if you use the unearthed arcana stuff , they made 2x variants . 
  one for demons and one for devils . 
  the point is that you 're a somewhat distant descendant of a celestial . 
  there have actually been a bunch of different tieflings released for 5e . 
  the first , obviously , is the player 's handbook . 
  this assumes some distant tainting of the blood by a devil . 
  in the forgotten realms , it goes back to a pact created by a group of tieflings known as the toril thirteen with asmodeus , as part of what turned him into a god . 
  that 's also the reason 4e and later tieflings all look the way they do now : slightly reddish skin , horn , and tail . 
  that pact turned * all * tieflings into this form , where previously they were quite a disparate race with a wide variety of slightly abnormal traits . 
  the next is in the sword coast adventurer 's guide . 
  these variants describe some new tiefling bloodlines that have been created * since * the toril thirteen formed their pact . 
  some might be from other devils , some from demons , maybe even some fey ( the scag is a little vague on this point ) . 
  and then there 's the ua variant . 
  it re-presents the player 's handbook tieflings , which are infernal in origin , and then presents a new option , obviously meant for tiefling bloodlines descended in some way from demons of the abyss . 
  fairly straightforward in its flavour , though how this relates to the variant options in scag is unclear . 
  aasimar could use variants for the same reason tieflings have variants : not all have the same heritage . 
  the main tiefling is * all * tainted by the blood of asmodeus , so they are all the same . 
  variant aasimar make as much sense as variant tieflings do , particularly if based upon the scag variants rather than the ua one . 
  oh gods ... but why ? 
  it 's awful ... 
  weirdly enough , i just watched [ this qi video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4m-ojosgai ) about the same topic ( but which came out nearly a month ago ) yesterday . 
  the two videos actually synergise really well together in my opinion . 
  i 'd recommend seeing the qi one first since it 's slightly more in-depth on the * problem * , and then grey 's talks about the solution , and the * cause * of the problem . 
  weirdly enough , i just watched [ this qi video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4m-ojosgai ) about the same topic ( but which came out nearly a month ago ) yesterday . 
  the two videos actually synergise really well together in my opinion . 
  i 'd recommend seeing the qi one first since it 's slightly more in-depth on the * problem * , and then grey 's talks about the solution , and the * cause * of the problem . 
   first of , cars drove on the left side in this video , so grey is still not totally british . 
  do n't you mean on the right ? 
  if it * were * on the left , that would be an indication that he * was * thinking like a brit . 
  this is partly why i recommend watching the qi video first , because i thought grey kinda skimmed over this aspect . 
  he mentioned it enough that it will be recognisable for anyone who already knows what 's going on , but i think not enough to make it clear to somebody for whom it 's completely new information . 
   you do n't get anywhere slower, 
  this is actually not true . 
  the delay actually builds up so that while the first person who started the phantom intersection wo n't be impacted very much , way down the road it can actually build up into really serious traffic delays . 
  i think there was a paper or something that came out recently , which would probably explain why it seems to be an issue that 's in the zeitgeist lately . 
  that 's not a feasible solution . 
  you can do it in areas with high traffic volumes , but many areas just do n't have enough people walking to do that . 
  the problem is even worse if you 're taking cyclists into account , since elevated cyclist crossings require a lot more planning ahead , to have enough room for a wide spiralling on/off ramp . 
  i hereby endorse this proposal and my placement in the candidate rankings .
