  thanks for the tip . 
   i hope to two sports fields are not interchangeable for arguments sake , i know nothing of the sports i have just spoken about, 
  hahaha . 
  no worries mate , they 're not interchangeable . 
  afl and cricket are . 
  are there public market share statistics that put all devices together ? 
  i.e. , ios , android , linux , mac , windows all compared on a single pie chart . 
  yeah . 
  to be honest i 'm confused that everyone seems to see this as such a huge deal . 
  to me it seems like a harmless little mistake that they would laugh about down the line . 
  not even that far down the line , like , next week ... 
   hu guys , i know these things are annoying but, 
  this is / r/samplesize . 
  we 're here because we enjoy them . 
  do n't worry . 
  unfortunately , imslp only has [ the conductor 's score ] ( http://petrucci.mus.auth.gr/imglnks/usimg/5/5b/imslp31735-pmlp72186-haydn_sinfonia_hob_i_59__a.pdf ) . 
  however , you can use it to copy out the parts for yourself with something like sibelius or musescore . 
  if you 're likely to do stuff like this often , i 'd recommend getting your hands on a copy of sibelius ( whichever way you can ... ) , but if it 's one-off , musescore is free and good enough . 
  the interesting conversation is still happening elsewhere . 
  correcting his word usage does n't detract from that . 
  that 's not what extrapolating means , but yeah , you 're quite possibly right . 
  upvote for interesting conversation , but i honestly do n't care for that excuse . 
  we in australia have much the same situation in terms of complicated ethnicities and a lack of heritage , and the level of nationalism in aus is far lower than [ is portrayed ] in the us . 
  i personally despise ` patriotism ' in any form , and am scared that it seems to be rising in australia . 
  [ ] = edited in, 
  no i totally understand . 
  it 's a pain . 
  unfortunately , seeing as imslp is by far the best freely available resource , it does n't look like you 've really got any other option . 
  you 'll need to either do that or spend the money , most likely . 
  best of luck , however it goes . 
  i have n't , have you got more about that theory ? 
  true , but the principle still holds . 
  why ca n't the sites redirect ? 
  instant-runoff is good for avoiding a two-party system too , though it has its own problems that are largely fixed by mmp . 
  does `` on the ipad '' mean using their app ( and you can use the browser just fine ) or do they block it from ipads even in the browser if you have n't paid extra ? 
   they overdo it with the ads . 
  this exactly . 
  i have no problem with most ads , and i look very much down upon people who block ads indiscriminately , but sites like youtube -- with preroll videos and giant banners on the homepage that force you to go below the fold to get any meaningful content -- just take it too far , and deserve to be blocked . 
  hey , i 've got you tagged as the guy that [ liked the avatar movie ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/18er6q/dear_reddit_what_is_something_that_most_people/c8e9ja8 ) . 
  did you end up watching the tv series ? 
  i pirated it , but i 've also seen it [ here ] ( http://www.avatarchapters.tv/water ) . 
  i know that at least the first episode is available there , and works well . 
  i 'd just like to point out that the slippery slope is n't * necessarily * a fallacy . 
  it just is almost exclusively used in a way that is fallacious ( including in this situation ) . 
  if it can be * proven * that a does in fact lead to b , and b to c , and so on until z , then the slippery slope * argument * may be made . 
  alternative vote/instant run-off voting is what we use in australia . 
  i love it , but at the same time i feel single transferable vote would be better . 
  the funny thing is your house of commons has more in the way of multiple parties than our house of representatives . 
  we 've effectively got two parties ( ` effectively ' because our right wing ` party ' is actually a permanent coalition ) controlling a combined 143 of our 150 seats , where you have * three * parties in 617 seats out of 650 . 
  can i let interest accumulate on my savings account ? 
  we should really get you flare for that . 
  that did n't bother me , and it seemed natural . 
  what bothered me was the ending felt like a rip-off of lord of the rings , where the heroes all have to leave the world , except that in this case it seemed forced and completely unnecessary . 
  i do n't know what that is exactly , but unis ( at least mine , uq ) have incredibly fast connections even to the internet . 
  yeah i know that much ( although i did n't know it was international ) , what i do n't really know is exactly what it * does * -- what data is transfered across it . 
  to be fair , gold does it better . 
  res saves it locally on your computer , and wo n't transfer it elsewhere , while with gold it is tied to your reddit account . 
  definitely one of the better surveys related to gaming i 've come across here . 
  anyone know the law in queensland ? 
  i was in england on holiday . 
  i felt seriously ripped off that i did n't get to experience real english weather . 
  the amount of hyperbole is the worst part about the us !, 
   like he should be, 
  why ? 
  only 5 mm ? 
  just count yourself lucky you were n't the snare player . 
  i 've noticed it seems quite common that they do this , though i could n't say why . 
  i 've got a collection of beethoven symphonies and a few ( off the top of my head , the seventh and third ) have one or two overtures preceding the actual symphony . 
  as someone in much the same position as you -- i have n't spent much time in * australia * outside brisbane ( lived for quite a while overseas , though ) -- brisbane seems to have a lot less of the city stuff . 
  the biggest advantages of brissy are its weather and proximity to the best beaches . 
   sydney is the australia you see in all the movies, 
  i feel like somewhere like mount isa , qld or katherine , nt is more like what you see in the movies . 
  as bigcity said , you ca n't edit a delta into your post . 
  you should make a new reply with the delta in it . 
  i have seen it done with the snare at the front , but as far as i can tell that is not the usual practice . 
  a standing ovation is certainly par for the course , though . 
  looking at their part , they really have to work to earn it , though . 
  honestly i just pulled up google maps and went out into the middle of the country . 
  i do n't know the specifics of this case , or of us/his state 's law on the matter , so i wo n't argue that . 
  you 're probably right . 
  however , what i do know is the general outline of the story in which it was zimmerman who followed martin , acting as a ` vigilante ' . 
  he killed an innocent man . 
  if martin attacked first , it was because of zimmermann 's provocation . 
  that does n't make the initial attack warranted , bit any sensible legal system would see that zimmerman used excessive force , even if you allow the act of behaving as a vigilante . 
  so yeah , legally perhaps under the current laws he should have gone free , but that is n't because he 's innocent , it 's because the law in that place is fucked . 
  in australia there 's that , plus plain packaging ( apart from the brand name written in a standard font the same to all companies , all brands are the same ) and almost zero advertising is allowed for tobacco products ( possibly completely zero , i dunno ) . 
  the o at the end of that implies singular and masculin , and would be used to refer to an individual male celebrity photographer . 
  referring to them in general , ending in i is correct . 
  ( i think -- someone please correct me if i 'm wrong . ), 
  you were correct initially . 
  it seems to be a bit of a meme calling / u/unidan a she , but he is a male . 
  and, 
  no it is n't . 
   but my justification was very shaky, 
  changed to him having a more solidly held belief . 
   award a delta if a comment has changed your view ** in any way **, 
  emphasis mine . 
  clearly his view was changed , and thus the delta was used correctly . 
  fun fact , the real time editing in docs uses completely different technology to what was in wave . 
  i do n't know the technicalities of it , unfortunately , it 's just a fact that was going around when the feature was introduced to docs -- around the time of wave 's death .
