  it still requires a hell of a lot of teamwork to do , and a lot of forethought into where to place them to get maximum coverage and get the fields to last as long as possible . 
  there may be less chance for blocking fields , but there are still enough there that the arms * can * be blocked . 
  but the entire point of the game is creating fields . 
  in the context of the story , fields are what allow each side to exert their influence on the general populous . 
  sure , the game itself currently is n't designed very well for this ( far too easy to destroy these fields in relation to setting them up -- no real room for setting up and defending fields in the long term -- making mu a rather fleeting asset ) , but mu is the point of the game at a fundamental level . 
  i 've described why i disagree with you when you say that mu is n't an indicator of who is currently winning in another thread , but i 'll try and clarify my theory on multiple fields here . 
  my theory is that 1 mu ! = controlling 1 person . 
  1 mu simply indicates a certain level of influence over one person . 
  in that way , 2 mu could indicate either that same level of influence over 2 people , or twice the influence over 1 person . 
  as i said , i 'm not yet sure whether i like this idea or not ( i only came up with it after seeing this filipino set of fields ) , but i think it could serve as a suitable explanation . 
  quickedit regarding `` the biggest factoring fields are in places that comprise 5 % of the ingress population '' : the ingress population is irrelevant . 
  the idea of control fields is that we as ingress agents are fighting to gain the influence over everybody in the area , not just those that play the game . 
  oh right . 
  no , i agree with you completely on that point . 
  i guess i 've read most of those comments as being sarcastic , but then i do have a tendency to do that even when most other people think it 's in earnest . 
  i 'm not sure how that makes sense . 
  surely if you put either of the two major parties first , it does n't matter where everyone else goes , as your vote will most likely go to that party . 
  would n't it make more sense to put your preferred independents first , followed by your preferred major party , and then independents you disagree with , ending with the other major party ? 
   coupled by the lack of overall incentive to build fields except for bragging rights . 
  until very recent , the only purpose to build fields was for leveling ... 
  if niantic changed the mechanics for fields , say just shunting enemy link creation instead of overall link creation and adding buffs via `` influence '' that effects portal yield . 
  additionally , there should be a modifier that takes into account the portal density of the area covered and possibly the active agents ... 
  this would at least make mu counts representative to the area they are in and the effect they have world wide . 
  and we 've reached the point where we agree on nearly everything . 
  that entire quote there , i agree with completely . 
  i quite like , however , the fact that building fields anchored in remote areas makes them harder to destroy , because it also requires teamwork and effort to get to them to set them up in the first place . 
  anyway , i thank you for the interesting conversation , and you can take some useless internet points for yourself , from me , too . 
  have you ever noticed how when a portal connected to a link or field is destroyed , sometimes the link/field seems to stay there ? 
  that 's a ghost field . 
  no , they 're just a bug in the ui . 
  they do n't count towards scores and you can still build links across them ( afaik ) , so it 's nothing to worry about . 
  or a roll of tobacco for smoking . 
  they seem to have fixed that . 
  if you 're ok with non-australians doing this , consider submitting to / r/samplesize . 
  or you could submit to / r/australia or / r/brisbane . 
  anyway , good easy survey . 
  i hope you 'll share your results with us here when you 're done analysing . 
  i think that 's the point , though . 
  most of the time , the information in the sidebar is n't something that users care to read , so its shoved over on the right hand side out of the way . 
  whether you agree that 's how it * should * be is your own opinion ( i do n't know which i prefer ) , but that 's probably their reasoning . 
  i think flyff has a similarly good f2p model . 
  there 're a heap of things in the store , but for the most part they 're cosmetic or only provide relatively small advantages . 
   i 'm sick of fighting against my own troops to get up a ladder to fight, 
  urgh i hate this . 
  i usually just sit back and let them go in , just because i 'm terrified of being knocked off the ladder if i go in first . 
  siege in general needs a massive overhaul . 
  let me break down the gate , or build multiple ladders . 
  or , larger siege weapons , such as catapults ( in attack ) and trebuchets ( in defence ) , but these may be a bit difficult to do and still maintain the feel of the game . 
   if it 's any consolation to the woz his tireless efforts probably helped hasten jobs death, 
  i very much doubt that is consolation to woz . 
  by all accounts , he 's far too nice a person to wish that upon jobs . 
  as mayn said , jobs had perfectly curable cancer , but refused medical treatment in favour of some sort of nutjob herbal remedy . 
  at least until it was too late . 
  i still agree that jobs was a genius , though , for reasons i 'll explain in a comment reply to / u/mayn, 
  no , i do n't think you do lose genius status because of that . 
  sure , he was an utter nutjob in a number of ways , including his rejection of medical treatment . 
  that does n't change the sheer genius he had in being able to put together a team like he did , and get them to create products of the quality level that apple did . 
  they 're rarely the first to invent something , but whether you like it or not , they are the first to do them * well * . 
  in 2007-08 , the iphone was clearly the best smartphone out there . 
  many ( including myself ) would argue it no longer is , but android got where it is because it had the iphone to work off of . 
  the same can be said of the early macintosh , and of tablets . 
  that happened in no small part because of jobs ' genius . 
  if you did n't already , check out the [ director 's cut ending ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_butterfly_effect#alternate_endings ) . 
  i first saw it this way , and it was absolutely amazing . 
  reading about the theatrical ending afterwards , i was really disappointed in it , compared to the director 's cut . 
  another one would be the truman show . 
  but yeah , it 's really weird that it happens that way so often . 
  indeed . 
  i 'll be waiting until the film based on the official walter isaacson biography comes out . 
  / r/southpaws, 
  what 's the context of the beethoven one ? 
   it 's statutory rape in the case of sex with a minor or rape with someone who is incapable of consent . 
  are you sure about this bit ? 
  i was under the impression that statutory rape was a generic term for sex that seems consensual but involves one party who is legally considered unable to consent ( which includes minors , but also others , such as mentally disabled ) . 
   nelson ha !, 
  1 hour, 
  one of my favourite moments early when i started m&b was when my entire party was defeated by the local bandits ( i ca n't remember where i was or what type they were ) , and i just kept going around picking them off one by one with the lance . 
  was something like 15 vs 1 , but i managed to win it . 
  as someone else said , communities are a great way to be active on g + when two friends are n't on there . 
  treat communities like subreddits that work chronologically rather than on upvotes . 
  just join a heap that fit with your interests . 
  hangouts are , of course , another brilliant feature . 
  i have n't managed to get friends to actually use g + , but i 've had hangouts plenty of times , and it could theoretically be a way to get their foot in the door . 
  i 've had ingress that i and other participants planned out , but i 've also had more spontaneous ones , where two people decided to hang out ( through other text-based messages ) and then we added in a heap of other people . 
  it 's heaps of fun . 
  ok getting off topic , but what sort of short film ? 
  and go you guys have a youtube or vimeo account i can follow ? 
  as an amateur filmmaker myself , i love following other filmmakers when i find them . 
  so real life is kinda like those bad episodes you doing for a while ? 
  so real life is kinda like those bad episodes you doing for a while ? 
  hardly almost immediately . 
  it stayed up something like 19 hours . 
  but yeah , i think that may have been the one that ended up bringing it down . 
  to be fair , windows did n't have it until either vista or 7 . 
  it 's been in os x longer than that . 
  i love this feature !, 
  i do n't get it on my windows computer since i 'm still on xp ( planning to upgrade to 8 soon-ish ) , but i 've got a folder in dropbox called `` wallpapers '' with over 100 images , and it just scrolls through them randomly every 15 minutes . 
  haha i love the 48hfp !, 
  i 've done it for the past 3 years , it 's an awesome time !, 
  was this latest video you 're talking about part of a 48hfp , or just for fun ?
