  that thread was , as you say , from when it was first announced . 
  sqrl has come a long way since then , and the problems with it have been solved . 
  the top comment there containing criticism may or may not have been accurate at the time ( i 'm honestly not sure ) , but it certainly is not now . 
  [ sqrl is thoroughly protected from mitm ] ( https://www.grc.com/sqrl/phishing.htm ) , because you 're not authenticating to the site you 're currently on , you 're authenticating to the site the qr code * comes * from . 
  if you 're on a malicious site and it serves you a sqrl code for a legitimate site , sqrl will authenticate you to the correct site directly , not the malicious one . 
  the malicious one never gets to see the login information . 
  it is in the worst case scenario equivalent to traditional username and password systems , but in most common scenarios it will be safer . 
  as the top comment in the linked thread says , gibson is an * exceedingly * thorough -- arguably obsessive -- person . 
  if there 's a problem with the system that 's been raised , he 's going to fix the problem . 
  sorry for the late reply , btw , i was curious so i googled `` site : reddit.com sqrl '' . 
  this came up near the top . 
  right , but as noted on the page i linked , the normal scenario is going to be a personal computer or a work one : a computer that you can rely on being secure enough to install a desktop client . 
  same with the phone : if you want to log in * on * your phone , you 'll have the client on the same phone that will register it . 
  this way , they can authenticate with a same-ip policy . 
  failing that , a step down is to use your phone to authenticate on the same wi-fi network as the computer ( i can most see this happening on a borrowed computer at a friend or acquaintances place , with their wi-fi network ) . 
  same deal applies with same-ip there , since your public ip will match . 
  the only time this fails is when you use your phone to authenticate yourself on a foreign device . 
  if you 're on a public computer at a library or something , for example . 
  in these cases , the * worst case scenario * , it 's still no worse than traditional usernames and passwords . 
  if anything it should be slightly better than that , because it apparently makes a point of presenting the user with the domain name to double-check , but there 's really only so much it can do . 
  it provides way more convenience than usernames and passwords in * all * cases , a higher degree of security in all cases due to the lack of need to remember passwords or use weak ones , and a higher degree of protection from mitm in most common situations . 
  there are no * downsides * to it . 
  one ca n't let the perfect be the enemy of the good . 
  crawford 's reading of the rules is * clearly * and * unambiguously * what was written in the book . 
  there are certainly strong arguments to be made that this is a bad rule and that it overly encourages meta-gaming , but there really is no reasonable argument to be made that , rules as written , it works in any other way than that . 
   whenever you make an attack roll , an ability check , or a saving throw , you can spend one luck point to roll an additional d20 . 
  ... you choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll , ability check , or saving throw . 
  it specifically says that you roll * an additional * die , and that afterwards , you choose which of the dice get used . 
  my intention was to do those after we had done 26-4 , so that we did n't have too much going on at once . 
  i did n't expect it to become such a massive never-ending clusterfuck ... also with too much going on at once ... 
  yeah , i 'm not even bothering to send the pages for the last batch of stuff that phylli posted . 
  done, 
  no , because stealth is n't done as a contest in 5e . 
  the person attempting to hide rolls stealth when they start , and their roll sets a static dc . 
  if another person is searching for them , they roll perception against that static dc , and because it 's a static dc rather than a contest , a tie means they succeed . 
  i do n't know how realistic it is to have a lake flowing out water in two directions . 
  and there are a few spots , especially on the northern side , where the shore seems overly smooth . 
  but otherwise , it seems like a well do n't map to me . 
  yes , it is . 
  there 's really only one way to interpret `` you choose which of the d20s is used '' . 
  out of the d20s you 've rolled , you choose which one you use . 
  there , done . 
  anything else is reading stuff into it that is n't there . 
  again , i 'm not necessarily saying that this is how it * should * be , just that that 's how it * is * . 
   you actually are not at disadvantage, 
  careful now . 
  you 're still at disadvantage . 
  any effects that take place because you have disadvantage , or more importantly any effects that * ca n't * happen if you * do * have disadvantage still do n't happen -- for example , sneak attack can * never * be used if you have disadvantage , even if you meet other criteria . 
  you still have disadvantage , even though your roll will actually be equal to or higher than it would if you had advantage . 
  of the d20s you rolled . 
  there 's really no ambiguity here , you 're find it where there is none . 
  huh , what do you know . 
  i did n't even realise that was a real subreddit . 
  that 's a stupid system though . 
  why should a season * start * on the day that most * strongly * represents it ? 
  winter is * defined * by shorter daylight hours , so it makes no sense that the * shortest * day of the year would be the * first * day of winter . 
  in australia , today is the third day of summer , because seasons start on the first day of the month , which puts the relevant solstice or equinox closer to the middle , while maintaining the nice round border between official seasons of being at the first of a month . 
  i played 4e for a year , and never bought a book . 
  when 5e came out , i started by downloading pdfs , and quickly decided it was worth it to buy the books . 
  i now have all three core books , the starter set , the dm screen , and the scag . 
  they do n't !, 
  there is * no * requirement to go after infringements of copyright or risk losing it . 
  that happens with * trademarks * only . 
  copyright * can not * be lost through a lack of protection . 
  could you point me to where it says that ? 
  i do n't see anything about spare the dying that gives healing , temporary or otherwise ... 
  also , make them better as reference books . 
  sure , the way they are now makes for a great first readthrough and a nice narrative , but there horrible for quick reference . 
  the index * so frequently * tells me to go look at a different section , when the exact same amount of space would have been required to just say on which page the entry was !, 
  if the class spell lists could just take a little extra space to mention which school of magic they are , and whether or not they are rituals , and maybe which page they 're on , that would have been a * super * handy extra reference when deciding which spells to select . 
  and why , oh why , are so many rules spread out over a bunch of different pages . 
  my favourite example : just try and work out how scrolls work !, 
  i dare you . 
  all the information about it is spread out over a bunch of different areas in the dmg , with `` scrolls '' and `` spell scrolls '' being separate things , but you 'll only find this out if you happen to come across all the relevant sections . 
  oh man that is * super * useful !, 
  now if only it had * all * the spells in it , instead of just the phb ones ... the scag cantrips and ee spells . 
  so , what would you propose as the alternative ? 
  nuclear would have been a good option a while ago , but we 've left it too long . 
  at this point , with the amount of effort we 've put into renewables , it 's actually more efficient to continue emphasising renewables than it would be to build up a nuclear power grid from scratch . 
   because clearly a king outranks a queen , right ? 
  historically , yes . 
  however , i * believe * ( and i could be wrong about this ) that today , if we had a king , his wife would * not * be a queen , but would be a princess consort or something like that . 
   i wish they were legal and strictly controlled, 
  you mean like they are ? 
  so that 's what dick gets up to when he 's not fighting crime . 
  the imperial march is a specific track on the star wars soundtrack . 
  specifically , it 's no. 5 on the empire strikes back . 
  darth vader 's theme is the actual theme that 's used very heavily in the imperial march . 
  the theme itself is used much more widely than that one track , though . 
  for example , during the prequels , fragments of it were frequently used in moments hinting at anakin 's eventual fall . 
  i think he calls it beethoven because it resembles the first movement of piano sonata no. 14 in c # minor . 
  honestly , richard grayson does some amazing things , but i do n't think this is his best . 
  in this particular performance , he falls into the trap that most of his imitators / other people who do `` x in the style of y '' fall into . 
  it 's not really `` x in the style of y '' , but more `` x mashed up with a specific famous piece by y '' . 
  the funny thing is , as you say , if he had called it vader 's theme in the style of chopin , it would have been more accurate . 
  i probably would have been saying it 's brilliant : one of his best . 
  i would also add [ mozart 41 `` jupiter '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk5295yeqmq ) , and [ berlioz symphonie fantastique ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2kky5bc9uk ) , but your selection is pretty damn complete otherwise . 
  also symphonies nos . 
  3 ( true romantic era music for the first time !, 
  ) , 5 ( the dramatic use of a single motif through the whole symphony , and also the first prominent symphonic use of trombones and piccolos in mvt .
