  yeah , this thing is about as much spoiler as a screenshot of the underminer would be to the incredibles . 
  it certainly * is * a spoiler , but not a huge one . 
  so , fun fact . 
  have you ever heard of the phrase `` the exception that proves the rule '' ? 
  it often gets used to describe just about any except to a rule . 
  but that 's not what it means . 
  what it actually means is that the * existance * of an exception demonstrates ( or `` proves '' ) that there is a certain rule . 
  this right here is a perfect example of that . 
  the way your head went through this case -- recognising that it specifically called out copying from scrolls as needing a check , but not saying anything about copying from a book -- is a good indicator that the phrase `` the exception that proves the rule '' is applicable here . 
  completely off topic , i know , but i just thought it was interesting . 
  i agree with you . 
  copying from a spellbook is automatically successful . 
  hence , the exception proves the rule , and the rule is `` you can copy spells automatically into your spellbook '' . 
  in d&d terms , it 's sort of an implicit `` general '' rule , where the `` specific '' rule is that spell scrolls require a check to copy successfully . 
  and of course , specific beats general . 
  what moved , exactly ? 
  what subjects are you doing ? 
  i imagine people may be able to provide some more specific help if they know what subjects you 're doing . 
  paging / u/agsports , / u/paulyt86 , / u/savannajeff . 
  paging / u/ser _ scribbles , / u/death _ by_laughs , / u/humeshefner . 
  paging / u/voteronaldraygun , / u/primeviere , / u/voisinat . 
  no , what i 'm talking about is the rules as a whole . 
  op clearly has read the relevant sections in both the dmg and the phb , so i was demonstrating how this is an example of the exception proving the rule . 
  nonsense . 
  libertarianism is the idea that every individual should be left free to do as they wish , so long as they are not harming others . 
  communism is the idea that everyone is equal , and should he given equal wealth as a result . 
  when you add humans in , libertarianism starts to become a place where the rich grow richer and the poor suffer . 
  communism becomes china under mao . 
  it 's actually a really good equivalence , because both are ideologically sound ideas that simply could not work in practice . 
  the soviet union may have called themselves communist , but no one could reasonably say they actually were at any point . 
  if calling yourself communist is enough to count , then up until a few years ago * north korea * was communist , and that 's an absurd notion . 
  if a libertarian took over the american government and 60 million people died , it would be so far removed from true libertarianism that to call it such would be nigh obscene . 
  do n't get me wrong , even in its true form , libertarianism is a terrible philosophy ( as is communism ) , but it 's no where near * that * bad . 
  can i just say , i 'd like to voice a dissenting opinion here . 
  i agree that context such as `` has it been patched enough '' is good , but i also think that for some people , certain games just are n't necessarily a good fit . 
  i do n't mind if someone posts saying `` i like games that have x qualities , such as y1 , y2 , and y3 . 
  do you think i will enjoy game z , now that it 's on sale ? '', 
  preferably , people would downvote it when it 's really obvious , for example if someone were to say `` i really enjoyed fifa10 , fifa11 , and pes 5 . 
  will i enjoy fifa12 ? '', 
  or something similarly obvious , but sometimes it is n't quite as obvious , and the person has genuine reason to wonder if it 's worth it or not * for them * . 
  yeah i definitely agree with this . 
  just because a game is critically acclaimed and really cheap , does n't mean it 's worth it for everyone . 
  so allowing people to provide some context for other relevant games or other media that they enjoyed or did n't enjoy , and ask whether it 's worth it for them . 
  people can use their own judgement to decide whether they think the context is so obvious or so irrelevant that it 's not worthy of discussion , and downvote if so . 
  he said `` separate pools , we 're back to that a little bit '' . 
  could anyone explain what he meant by that ? 
  i 'm not american , so i 'm not entirely up to date on racial issues in the us . 
  no i know the history . 
  what i do n't get is why he said `` we 're back to that a little bit '' . 
  what recent events was he referring to ? 
  this joke probably works a lot better in spanish than english , right ? 
  since ( i 'm guessing ) the difference between `` boyfriend '' and `` girlfriend '' is a single vowel ? 
  fool me once ... 
  was there something wrong with the rfid systems used in the same way ? 
  okay , i agree that mandatory fingerprinting at a school is an absolutely terrible fucking idea . 
  but the person you replied to had a system for dinner cards . 
  from the sounds of it , it 's * optional * . 
  if someone * wants * to use their finger prints to make paying for things easier , then i say go ahead . 
  it 's the mandatory stuff that you should get outraged at ( such as , it would seem , the op ) , not this . 
  that seems rather presumptuous of you . 
  what if this person is against most other progressive policies like fair taxation , social safety nets , easy access to good healthcare and education , etc. 
   all 3 main operating systems are completely usable, 
  can i just say , i 'm a ( student ) software engineer , and i use windows and os x daily , and i love both operating systems . 
  i love os x 's nice interaction with the mac hardware , i like having a unix terminal , and there are a number of exclusive programmes that i really enjoy . 
  on windows i like some of its exclusive software ( mainly games ) , and the fact that i can build a powerful rig to run it for much cheaper than the equivalent mac . 
  i * hate * linux . 
  i 've been using it on and off for a few years , but just installed it as a dual-boot on my windows desktop this week , because i 'm working on some web development stuff , and i figured having a linux install for that was probably better than windows . 
  i spent well over an hour just trying to get google fucking chrome installed . 
  it 's not in the ubuntu software centre ( chromium is , but i wanted google 's chrome ) , so i went to google 's website and downloaded it from there . 
  opened the file that it gave me , and it opens a private page in usc . 
  click install , wait a while , get some error . 
  try a few different things : nothing happens . 
  go googling , and eventually find a solution . 
  ca n't remember what it was . 
  spent another hour getting dropbox on it . 
  that * is * in the usc , but when i add it from there , some menu asking me to restart `` nautilus '' comes up . 
  pressing the button it gives me to do that has no effect . 
  eventually , after doing a few things , it seems to be installed , but pressing the button to actually run it seems not to do anything . 
  try a few more things , and now i 've finally got it working . 
  had similar problems with skype , but once i got that installed the version was so hilariously out of date i decided it would be better to spend another hour and a half getting rid of it . 
  i just do n't understand why installing god damn applications has to be so fucking * hard * on this platform . 
  windows and os x just make this so god damn easy . 
  and for what it 's worth , i 've been installing some things ( the actual web development stuff ) using ` apt-get ` in the commandline . 
  and * that * works insanely well . 
  but i do n't want to be having to use the commandline to keep some of the most common applications up to date . 
  when installing well-known popular programmes takes * this * much work from someone fairly technically capable , that is not a platform that i would consider `` completely usable '' . 
  i 'm sure i 'll come to like it more as i use it more -- i 'd still consider myself pretty new at it -- but there is a * very * good reason that it does n't have anywhere near the popularity of the other two platforms on desktop . 
  also a few minor gripes , i had to install a thing to get my exfat formatted drive to work . 
  that 's a format that i chose specifically because it works properly on both windows and os x out of the box . 
  i 'm guessing it was n't built-in to linux because it 's closed source or something , and if that 's the case i say fuck the purist open source philosophy . 
  reducing functionality in the name of your philosophy is dumb . 
  especially since an amazon tie-in was installed and placed front-and-centre right out-of-the-box . 
  i felt dirty looking at that for the few minutes it took to remove . 
  i also prefer the way windows work in both windows and os x. 
  there 's just something about the gnome window system that feels so incredibly clunky ( technically i guess it 's the `` lightdm '' manager , but wikipedia tells me the functionality is the same ) . 
  and having to install vim was a minor annoyance , since it was included out of the box on os x ( and on windows i just pretend the commandline does n't exist , since i find it so terrible compared to the unix-like one on both os x and linux ) . 
  sorry about all that , it 's kinda out of place here , but your comment provided the first opportunity i 've had to vent my frustrations , and it was sort of on topic . 
  tl ; dr rant about frustrations with ubuntu, 
  not depending on the keyboard , but depending on the context in which you press it . 
  \u2303 control,
