  i 'm going to predict a 10 -- 15 seat majority in the lower house , but with a significantly smaller swing towards liberal in queensland than the national average . 
  i predict my electorate , lilley , will be retained by wayne swan , but by an incredibly small margin , < 5 %, 
  at least one party that currently holds no senate seats will gain one , probably two parties . 
  i predict donkey and informal votes will beat previous records by a large amount . 
  so , you had the nexus 7 as an option for tablet , but not the nexus 4 for phones . 
  an odd oversight . 
  i went to international schools , one with a british leaning , and one named the british international school . 
  of all the books in i 've come across in this thread , the only one i read because it was required in school was animal farm . 
  absolutely brilliant book , by the way , and it 's relatively light reading , too . 
  i have n't read it , but cuckoo 's nest is one of my all-time favourite films . 
  i have always found google now gives me reliable results . 
  on the off chance you 're in australia , i 'm fairly sure pocket weather gets its data from the bom ( i do n't actually use it , although the same dev 's other big app , pocket casts is hands down the best podcatcher there is ) . 
  so , i just recently started half-life . 
  i 'm only a short way into it so far , but i have to say so far it * really * is n't living up to the massive hype . 
  does it get better ? 
  ( i 'll be finishing it anyway , but it 'd be nice to know it does get better . ), 
  doubt any of those are correct . 
  none of them particularly make sense given what the comment above said . 
  it 's more likely all 5 -- 7 doctors , you know ? 
  exactly what was written ? 
  no , the pound is one of the few non-distance units that 's the same under imperial and us systems . 
  1 kilogramme is 2.2 pounds . 
  he did a reverse search . 
  i assume through google images . 
  that certainly seems to me the most obvious way of going about it . 
  not that google is any better . 
  so many awesome things only available in the fucking us . 
  what is this , a chemistry class ? 
  to be fair [ this ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/business/abbotts-most-dangerous-pledge-20130906-2t9br.html ) article is currently linked to along with a large , unflattering , picture of tony abbott , from the front page of smh . 
  no fuck that . 
  most websites are only able to exist because they make money from ads . 
  for a long time i had adblocker and simply added an exception for every website i visited apart from youtube , because the preroll ads were too annoying , but a little while back seeing videos from medium-sized youtubers about how they could n't fully support themselves through youtube ads alone made me realise that even that was kinda douchy . 
  now , if you choose to block ads and deny them their revenue , that 's your choice and i respect that . 
  but do n't go telling people want they `` need '' to do . 
  i was considering making a cmv with the opposite statement to op , because i 've long been a supporter of australia 's compulsory voting . 
  however , seeing what 's going on this election is making me second-guess that . 
  the vast majority of the population seems to lack interest in voting , and unfortunately many of these will probably vote for the current opposition party . 
  not because they have critically thought out their decision and decided we need change , but merely because they are being bombarded with media report after media report telling them they should . 
  they probably would n't bother voting if they did n't have to , but since they do have to , might as well do what ol' murdoch says is best . 
  ( the expression is deep-seated . ), 
  i agree with your post , though . 
  what is a `` forced preference '' ? 
  the table shows that , but there 's no explanation . 
  is it just a typo for first preference ? 
  how is that different from two-party preferred , then ? 
  i 'm so confused about what 's going on in these comments . 
  awesome job on the improvement , by the way . 
  what exactly is this ? 
  i gather it 's maths , but i do n't understand what `` mid level '' is . 
  do you mean sl ( to distinguish it as in the middle of hl and studies ) ? 
  holy shit man . 
  what the fuck . 
  my class did maths hl in the normal two years , and we were still complaining that there 's too much stuff . 
  they absolutely do not need to have the option topics there as well as the rest of it . 
  how the hell can you do it in just one year ? 
  ok ... should n't they be the same , though ? 
  and why would the forced one only add up to ~ 70 % , if that 's the case ? 
  advice for maths , do lots and lots and lots of past papers . 
  you should not just thoroughly understand the maths of it , but also the format that the ib papers are likely to appear in , that can help immensely . 
  do the papers , but then look up answers and check . 
  see where you went wrong and why . 
  it 's a great way to learn . 
  * english literature sl 6, 
  * french b sl 5, 
  * economics sl 6, 
  * physics hl 6, 
  * maths hl 5, 
  * music hl 7, 
  since you mentioned film , one of my favourite activities for creativity was participating in the 48-hour film project . 
  an absolutely awesome fun time to be had . 
  that completely misrepresents this whole debate . 
  blocking ads from something that is being provided for free because it is ad supported is douchiness in the highest degree . 
  the stuff if available for * free * , so you ca n't make the argument that you ca n't afford it , or that it 's priced ridiculously , or that it 's not available in your area -- all the common arguments that are used and make sense when pirating paid content . 
  no , blocking ads is because of a sense of moral self-righteousness that you should n't have to put up with a little banner off to the side of the screen . 
  i understand blocking ads on youtube , because they 've started putting up ads that actually are somewhat obtrusive : preroll video ads , as well as video ad interludes or ads at the end of some longer videos . 
  and i do n't think it 's necessarily douchy to block these ads , but anyone who tries to push it on others that they should do so is doing nothing but hurting the creators of great content . 
  that 's true , but then it also later specifically says `` television and radio '' , so i think it 's clear that they are n't counting online ads . 
  sure , this could make for interesting discussion . 
  what issues matter to you ? 
  uhh ... that 's really vague . 
  how about this , i 'll give you a bunch of policy areas :, 
  nbn, 
  drug legalisation, 
  carbon tax, 
  marriage equality, 
  education funding, 
  media censorship, 
  copyright law, 
  that 's just a few to start you off with . 
  eh , that 's not really how i go about things . 
  not really much point in me ranting about my preferred parties ' benefits if i do n't know if it aligns at least somewhat with the person i 'm talking to . 
  i just finished mine . 
  out of 82 , the liberals are 49 -- 54 , with a combination of the crazies and a few unaffiliateds below that . 
  sorry mr keioskie , but if you do n't have a website i ca n't decide where to put you , so you go at the bottom . 
  oh you get the point . 
  again , you 're not even trying to argue this from a logical point of view . 
  now you 're just resorting to absurd straw man arguments . 
  ditto , except with [ senate.io ] ( http://senate.io/ ) . 
  a ** much ** nicer interface than btl , and allows you to alter your preferences within one party ( particularly useful for the ungrouped candidates ) . 
  by voting for a minor party , you are directly helping to fund them .
