  that said , if i did use playstation more often , i could imagine this being desirable . 
  certainly not double price , or even 1.5 x price . 
  maybe an extra 10 % . 
  they 'd have to incorporate a way to transfer your save files , though . 
  spose it could be noah . 
  friendly and always brings things along in twos . 
  not exactly popular on the internet , though ... hmm ... 
  got ta be honest i 'm not sure what the advantage of ssds would be for write heavy servers anyway . 
  i would imagine that space is an important issue -- aside from number of write cycles -- and lightning fast speeds are n't ( at least as far as i know ) especially crucial . 
  do you have any sources suggesting that might have been deliberate ? 
  stravinsky was russian , le sacre was written well before he moved to america , and many of its instructions are in french ( the name , most obviously : le sacre du printemps ) . 
  i find it difficult to believe he would have ended the music in that way because of its english language connotations . 
  i 've also [ pulled up the score ] ( http://imslp.org/wiki/the_rite_of_spring_ ( stravinsky , _ igor \\ ) ) , and i do n't see that it does end like that anyway . 
  the highest note of the second last chord is the picollo playing an a , and the lowest note of the very last chord in the contrabassi is a d , but i ca n't find that first d or the e. indeed , i do n't think the last three bars contain any es in any instruments , except those in the middle of the nuntuplet ( 9-tuplet , whatever those are called ) . 
  huh ... i really like gmail 's recent design changes ... 
  i usually scroll down for ages ( with continuous scrolling ) and ages and ages , then do a ctrl/cmd - f for key words that are probably in the comment . 
  just curious , are you against abortions outright , and believe is should be illegal , or do you oppose them morally yourself but recognise others should make the choice themselves ? 
  metric * is * the standard . 
  perhaps he was talking about one section of le sacre , and not the end of the entire piece . 
  at the very end there 's no consistent bass line . 
  the very last note is a d , and the second last contrabass note ( 4 bars before the end ) is an a , but the next one is a c , not an e. 
  if we follow both contrabassi and celli , we get ( going backwards ) d-f . 
  you do n't like the ability to write an email while being able to easily look at the email you 're replying to , or other related emails ? 
  so it does ... 
  i never noticed that before . 
  you have an i7 3930k ? 
  my core 2 duos are jealous ... 
  damn i want one of them . 
  forget my sb-600 , the iphone 5 's where it 's at !, 
  it seems like mr brooks has edited his comment . 
  it 's currently praising sa and the umpires for being respectful and professional . 
  what did his comment say before , roughly ? 
  got ta say i 'm surprised at how low modern family and downton abbey are . 
  i 'm also really surprised young justice is beating out legend of korra . 
  ah , so it is . 
  i did n't realise he was talking about all the notes played at the same time . 
  cheers, 
  as an australian , i agree with op . 
  no brisbane lions afl team has ever played at the superbowl . 
  i learnt this not long ago somewhere else on reddit . 
  apparently your brain can not distinguish between reality and fiction when processing emotions . 
  it 's why you can get seriously angry in real life after imagining an angry conversation with someone , and , presumably , why you feel real emotions after reading/watching fictional stories that convey those emotions . 
  i do n't even understand this . 
  why would they block some tiny little comic site and not block reddit ? 
  why is it that i 've never heard of imgur being blocked anywhere ? 
  yeah , does make sense , i guess . 
  that said , i ca n't imagine how imgur would get past that sort of a system . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  thanks . 
  animal farm or crucible ? 
  damn , nice choices !, 
  the night before my ioc i went on skype with a friend who then sent me an extract and had me practise with her . 
  i got lucky in that i ended up getting the exact same extract i practised the night before , but even if i had n't i think the opportunity to practise with an actual person made a huge difference . 
  if you have n't done a lot of practice in front of people i would recommend you try to get the chance to do it . 
  best of luck !, 
  actually , pretty much anywhere in the world other than the us ( and those few countries where drinking is altogether banned ) . 
  not to mention it completely leaves out the vast majority of the world that never took sats or any of those other american school systems . 
  a shame , because this could have been so interesting if op had just taken the effort to make the questions more generalised ( like using percentages ... ) . 
  huh ? 
  super marathon * weekend * ? 
  fuck that , watch the entire thing in one day . 
  start at 12:00 midnight saturday , hopefully the hobbit trilogy wo n't be longer than 12 hours and you 'll finish not long before 11:59:59 saturday . 
  i dunno about people with their act and sat scores , but i 'm fairly confident i will remember my ib score for many years . 
  i like to measure my liquids in decimetres cubed . 
  it 's a score out of 45 , but also 6 separate subject scores ( out of 7 ) and two lettered grades ( a -- e ) for a couple of other areas of the diploma . 
  edit : i do n't know how that compares to remembering acts or sats , i do n't know how they 're measured . 
  i think i 'll remember all the scores , but obviously i ca n't know for certain . 
  as far as university applications go , it depends . 
  many courses usually require at least a certain amount in one or two specific subjects as well as an overall score of a certain level . 
  but i would think that `` as far as university applications go '' is n't something that will aid in memory in the really long term . 
  i think i 'll remember just because i know what my ability in each of the subjects was . 
  idiot me . 
  took me a minute to realise that by cadence you were referring to the metre/rhythm , and not to the chord changes ... 
  make the decision yourself , but i had to vote for existing documents because the change would remove the ability to vote on future changes . 
  [ here is a summary that i made of all the changes ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/12/05/facebook-policy-changes/ ) i noticed when i compared the documents . 
  i went through the documents and wrote up a summary of the changes in them . 
  it 's mostly verbatim without any editorial tweaking , so hopefully it should help people make up their own minds in an informed way . 
  [ here 's my summary of the changes ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/12/05/facebook-policy-changes/ ) between the current documents and the proposed changes . 
  for this vote to be binding we need over 300 million people to vote . 
  so far about 150 thousand have . 
  please inform yourself of what the changes entail and then go and cast your vote [ here ] ( https://apps.facebook.com/fbsitegovernance/ ), 
  [ i believe this is a good summary of what the changes are ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/12/05/facebook-policy-changes/ ) . 
  i 've tried to be completely unbiased and post the changes made to the documents verbatim . 
  for this vote to be binding we need over 300 million people to vote . 
  so far about 150 thousand have . 
  please inform yourself of what the changes entail and then go and cast your vote [ here ] ( https://apps.facebook.com/fbsitegovernance/ ), 
  [ i believe this is a good summary of what the changes are ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/12/05/facebook-policy-changes/ ) . 
  i 've tried to be completely unbiased and post the changes made to the documents verbatim . 
  i voted for existing documents because the proposed changes remove the ability to vote on future changes . 
  you should make up your mind yourself , however . 
  [ here is a summary that i made of all the changes ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/12/05/facebook-policy-changes/ ) i noticed when i compared the documents . 
  there are positives with each option , as i see it . 
  as far as i know it does n't take `` who visits who 's profile the most '' into account at all . 
  only tangible interactions are counted , like posting something on their wall , or perhaps being tagged in a photo with them . 
  visiting their wall in a `` stalker '' kind of way is not , as far as i 'm away , recorded by facebook . 
  if you like gymnop\u00e9die no . 
  1 , i suggest you look at the other gymnop\u00e9dies , and also les gnossiennes , also by satie . 
  you may also like chopin 's nocturnes and preludes , and probably a good deal of other chopin music , too . 
  other great piano music , though more often in very different styles , come from composers like beethoven ( his sonatas are awesome , and he 's got a few concertos too ) , rachmaninov ( preludes , concertos , and rhapsody on a theme of paganini , which takes a similar form to a single-movement concerto , are the best places to look here ) , and mozart ( who has a number of popular piano concertos ) . 
  awesome .
