  more like netflix than hulu , as far as i know . 
  hulu 's free , is n't it ? 
  stan is just another option for streaming tv shows and movies . 
  like netflix , you have to pay for it . 
  i put it in firefox because i do n't want it in my main browser ( for the reasons / u/guyyyy described ) . 
  yahoo screen refuses to work at all on it . 
  all i ever see is a black rectangle . 
  so i went back to torrenting it . 
  some people mentioned early on that it works better in chrome than firefox , but i 'm not willing to put hola on my main browser . 
  you need to pay for eight . 
  eh , i did n't like the man of steel soundtrack . 
  during the actual movie most of it felt bland an unmemorable ( which , to be fair , is what * most * hans zimmer music sounds like ) . 
  listening to just the main theme by itself is much better , but still leaves me wanting more , in a bad way . 
  the main motivic material is pretty damn good , but then what he does with it leaves so much to be desired . 
  it sort of feels like it builds , and builds , and builds , without ever actually * getting * anywhere . 
  kinda like a [ shepard tone ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bznzgsae4f0 ) , in a way . 
  but anyway , whatever your opinion of hans zimmer , john williams , or shirley walker ( who did the music for the animated series ) , i would n't be too quick to judge the music in this . 
  it 's still only a trailer . 
  wait until we 've had a substantial amount of music on which to judge it , from at least the pilot episode ( and preferably also at least the first half of the season ) . 
  the biggest thing that bothers me about this is the bit where she first flies . 
  i thought showing how she tries and fails the first few times was a really powerful image . 
  probably made even more powerful by the context we see it in ( we know that she 's urgent to fly because she has to save the plane her sister is on ) . 
  and besides that , in this one , the editing at that point was really awkward looking . 
  but otherwise i thought this was really well done . 
  nice try . 
  i almost clicked that link , but then i saw where it would take me . 
  not a chance . 
  have n't tried it . 
  i 'll give it a go next episode . 
   supergirl brings superman ( we know from the trailer ) , so when starling city is under siege from slade , where was superman ? 
  it can be explained , but fans wo n't just accept it without that explanation being there . 
  not only was he not there to help , he was n't * heard of * at the time . 
  a photo of him won a god damn pulitzer prize for god 's sake . 
  so if he was around during arrow season 3 and the flash season 1 , or earlier , we would have heard of him . 
  so realistically , the only way they can write him in such a way that cross-overs with arrow and the flash make sense , is if superman 's first appearance is right after the finale of the flash . 
  but then , does that give him enough time to have been around for a while , then get the photo taken , then the photo receive a pulitzer ? 
  i dunno how long that would take . 
  if they do that , then season 4 of arrow and season 2 of the flash need to have some superman references . 
  but considering they do n't yet know for certain if there will be crossovers , that could be problematic . 
  what if they do that , and then find out that cbs has decided to not allow it ? 
  the other way it could be done is with multi-dimensional stuff . 
  and i have to say , i 'm really worried about that . 
  it just makes things convoluted , and i really do n't want that . 
  i 'm nervous about legends of tomorrow because of its time travelling premise ( the flash has handled that really well , but an entire show built upon it makes me anxious ... ) , but interdimensional stuff is so much worse . 
  all that said , i really do hope that they can make it work . 
  i would * love * for these shows to be in the same universe and cross over . 
  while i still wish they could have done it more directly ( using barry as supergirl 's inspiration rather than superman ) , it looks like they 've really made the most out of * not * doing it directly ( taking full advantage of the krypton stuff and the personal relationship between superman and supergirl ) , i 'm still really excited for the show , and the potential for any crossovers down the line . 
  they just need to use * some * sort of * good * explanation . 
  eh , i thought the lesbian thing was really funny . 
  the `` that must be why you 're not into me '' bit was a little too much , but when she said `` i embraced who i am , and i do n't wan na stop '' , i thought having him respond with some amusing misunderstanding was clever . 
  as for the lack of women who are n't white . 
  eh , it 's only a trailer , we 've only met a tiny number of characters . 
  i 'm sure there will be more . 
  besides , i 'm not overly concerned with that as an issue anyway . 
  sure it 'd be nice , but i 'd hardly consider it necessary for the show to be good . 
   except on the occasional flight, 
  wait , surely flights in america do n't have regular tv including ads ? 
  every flight i 've been on ( except ones a long time ago where it was a single choice shown on a big screen at the front of the cabin , and on low-budget ones with no tv ) have used an on-demand option where you pick a show and watch it , no ads . 
  the existance of tv licenses in the uk astonishes me . 
  here in australia free to air tv is just that . 
  * free * . 
  the abc is government supported , and just like the bbc , it is a top-notch station with some of the best quality content in the country , and ca n't run ads . 
  the idea of having to pay for the most basic access to television ( especially government funded television -- and especially especially the news programming ) does n't sit well with me . 
  i 've also wondered how they catch people . 
  how can they detect if someone is using an antenna to watch tv without a license ? 
  it 's a totally passive thing , is n't it ? 
  [ no , the rendering there is apple 's ] ( http://www.iemoji.com/view/emoji/395/objects/direct-hit ) . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the rendering of the unicode character is the same one apple uses ( [ source ] ( http://www.iemoji.com/view/emoji/395/objects/direct-hit ) ) , but the screen does n't look like it 's a mobile app , or reddit 's mobile interface ( m.reddit.com ) . 
  i mean , it could be from www.reddit.com ( the non-mobile version of the website ) on a phone , but it would be ridiculous to be browsing that . 
  on a phone , it 's also much harder to crop the image like that one was . 
  on the other hand , the width of that image is much lower than you would expect of even a fairly small desktop/laptop screen . 
  in fact , it 's exactly 750 pixels , which is the width of the iphone 6 ( according to [ this site ] ( http://www.paintcodeapp.com/news/ultimate-guide-to-iphone-resolutions ) ) . 
  so it could be an iphone ( probably iphone 6 , if so ) that is for some reason using neither an app nor the mobile version of reddit , or it could be os x with the browser set to a very thin size for some reason . 
  i do n't know why i went to that much effort . 
  i really do n't . 
  it was such a waste of my time . 
  but i 've done the work now , and it 's mildly interesting , so i might as well put it out there . 
  unfortunately the adventurer 's league stuff is stuff that wizards has decided to make exclusively available to those with gaming stores near them that play d&d stuff . 
  ( and who are willing to go to said store and play with strangers . ), 
  it 's not open to people playing d&d with friends at home . 
  wow , when he 's not acting off a script , glover says `` like '' more than a teenage californian girl . 
  but also wow . 
  i had no idea he did stand up !, 
  [ guess i know what i 'm doing with my evening ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojwi-5cobq8 ) ... 
  why not both ? 
  yeah , that 's not what random means . 
  all random means is that you ca n't predict ahead of time what result will occur . 
  uniformity is absolutely not required for randomness . 
  think of it this way . 
  you have a d6 , but it has two 6s , and no 1 . 
  you roll that , the result wo n't be uniform . 
  you 'll get twice as many 6s as 4s , and you 'll never get a 1 . 
  but it 's still a random result . 
  or if you have a bag of red , green , and blue balls . 
  there are 6 reds , 3 greens , and 1 blue ball . 
  you mix the bag up , and pick out a ball . 
  the colour of the ball has a 6/10 chance of being red , but only 1/10 chance of being blue . 
  but the result is still random . 
  it 's just not uniform .
