  it 's garbage , and its the same in most dictionaries . 
  true , but you 've got this round the wrong way . 
  google gets its definition * from * those dictionaries . 
  it is n't google 's fault their definition is faulty , they just take it straight from otherwise reliable dictionaries . 
  thanks so much for this , though . 
  point 2 was especially potent , i thought . 
  i did n't even realise many people * do n't * take things in as a sort of inner monologue ( and would have never thought to describe the way i take things in as such ) . 
  i love party tip 3 , i 've always loved being the photographer at events precisely because it gives me something to do . 
  for me it 's more about awkwardness than being overwhelmed ( not shyness or anxiety per se , but i just get a bit awkward without something to do ... ) , but it 's a really good tip nonetheless . 
   learning how to write , not only from ib english but from the quality of writing that is expected in every subject, 
  no mention of the ee at this point ? 
  yeah no kidding . 
  jesus the culture around low-paid workers is horrible in america . 
  they * should * be getting paid a liveable amount so they do n't need to tip . 
  tips should be for good service , not an expected part of going out . 
  just one more reason that it makes no sense not to include tax on prices . 
  and also that tips should n't be an expected part of the culture ... 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i believe tipped positions still have to make at least minimum wage when tips are included , or the employer must make up the difference . 
  would 've worked out better for him if he did n't try to take ver the shire . 
  where are all these coming from !, 
  the ( american ) conductor of my local amateur choir and orchestra in ho chi minh city frequently talks about the pieces , or why they were chosen etc. 
  often makes jokes about the musicians or the history of the music . 
  it 's a really fun event . 
  i have never been to a classical concert where they used electronic amplification . 
  thinking it 's over after 5 bars ? 
  no , that is n't excusable either . 
  the modern practice of being quiet during performances allowed for greater dynamic range , as pianissimo music would be in audible with people talking and eating . 
  there are certainly disadvantages to it , and it can make things seem pretentious to some people , but i 'd say it 's a net positive . 
  lisitsa is really famous on youtube , and she 's technically perfect -- in that all the notes and rhythms are correct -- but you would get more emotion playing back the pieces out of sibelius . 
  i 've never seen a good word spoken about her anywhere other than the comments on her own videos . 
  i dunno how most people read it , but when i read '' / r/aww '' i read it as either `` slash r slash aww '' or `` r slash aww '' , making that an eight or nine syllable line . 
  confirmed . 
  the text in the picture is very large , takes up most of the page . 
  in another note , thanks for the link , i did n't know what this was all about . 
  i had a teacher in high school who would take the exams , then many weeks later we would finally get them back , unmarked , and we would then mark them in class after swapping . 
  not at all . 
  it gets students used to recognising exactly why marks are or are not given . 
  this is particularly useful during past-paper practice where you can also learn what the mark schemes are looking for . 
  i love me some [ ras syndrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ras_syndrome ) . 
  `` including both the animal and fungus kingdoms '', 
  plants are not in the opisthokonta classification , but are '' [ archaeplastida ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archaeplastida ) '' . 
  actually saw this on the inside of the lid of a bottle of juice ... i figured all three were eukaryotes and their own kingdoms , and as such none were more closely related than others . 
  i did n't realise there were levels in between . 
  there are still at least three more occidental countries being missed off that i can think of ( and that 's not counting south africa , i do n't know if you would consider it occidental or not ) . 
  it is worthy of note that the us is not the worst developed country with regard to economic mobility . 
  the uk beats it out for that spot . 
  eh , i 've got to be honest i 've found both of these to be terrible , though imslp is far far worse . 
  i 've tested by trying out the melodies to a few pieces i knew well and have found a combination of results that do n't include the right one at all , to ones with the right one way down the list of possible results . 
  the weird thing is often the reported answers do n't actually look like the entered results all that much at all . 
  i 'd be glad to see a link directly to the finished podcast when the episode comes out . 
  otherwise i 'm likely to forget about this . 
  any chance we 'll see that ? 
  the `` this house '' thing is a standard part of formal debates . 
  i agree with him that it 's bizarre , but there you go . 
  i get the impression it 's from some soundtrack to a film , game , or something . 
  wow , really well written response . 
  i think you 've pretty much hit the nail on the head . 
  i think by far the best way to get kids interested is start them learning an instrument from a young age . 
  piano 's a great one to start before they move on to something else later ( except strings , it 's best to start those as early as possible ) , but really just learning any instrument from a young age is a huge help . 
  sorry but i disagree about the texting . 
  if his phone was shining a light , that 's incredibly distracting to others . 
  i personally am not the type of person to tell you to stop unless you 're talking , but i will definitely be annoyed by it . 
  it 's hardly elitist , the same thing is a problem in movie theatres . 
  heard most of his violin concerto ( does he have more than one , if so i dunno which ) on the radio today . 
  absolutely lovely first movement , though the others were fairly weak i think ( from a composition standpoint , not the recording , i think ) . 
  that said , the first movement was absolutely brilliant . 
  a very underrated composer in general . 
  out of interest , has there been any talk about flair for musical instruments ? 
  got a source ? 
  and this may be more appreciated on / r/classicalmusic, 
  i 'm with the other guy . 
  both would give me and others the greatest chance to see it . 
  my original source was a number of youtube videos i saw a while back . 
  i think cgpgrey may have been among them . 
  however for an easier to find source , [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_mobility#worldwide ) . 
  the graph shows it perfectly . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't check ( i also found this not directly from the subreddit but from the general homepage ) , but does n't it say no jokes as top level comments ? 
  edit : based on / u/hounmlayn 's comment below , it does indeed refer to top level comments . 
  haha you may have just confused me and op . 
  i 've got no brother to introduce to anything . 
  but yeah i agree it 's just about general consideration , well said . 
  damn . 
  both of those sound really cool ideas for extensions . 
  i dot know of one that exists , but it 'd be cool to know if one does . 
  edit : i 'm honestly not sure if either of those are possible . 
  ah see , the mayans were sensible enough not to use daylight saving , so you will see the end in about 30 minutes . 
  actually the concept was invented by a kiwi , and it was first implemented by germany . 
  awesome . 
  i 've downloaded it , but i 've got a long backlog of regular podcasts , but i 'll listen to it then . 
  for the lazy , the implications of this mean that at 0700 utc ( 7:00 am in england ) we can definitively say it 's over . 
  i 'm sure most you can work out why that means in your own time zone . 
  edit : that 's 0700 on the 22nd . 
  yeah nz is the start because england wanted themselves to be the centre . 
  cool cats do n't look at the explosions . 
  maybe `` world 's going to end '' is just `` there will be a huge catastrophic disaster '' to them . 
  curious , where would you say the rohan theme comes from ? 
  i 'm not familiar with british folk music , but it does n't fit my vague conception of what that should sound like . 
  movie soundtracks of classical styles ( this excludes those like hans zimmer who use more modern electronic styles ) are generally based on wagner and shostakovich , with a few others ( chopin , beethoven , dvorak , maybe satie ) added into the mix . 
  ( to expand on your specific `` lush , sweeping '' tracks to more general film music . ), 
  right then , your best start is mozart .
