  there can * never * be a reason to take the prestige class to get better at doing the thing the class is designed to do . 
  no `` arch mage '' or similar . 
  they have to fulfil a * very * strong flavour lacking in existing options . 
  the mechanics should reinforce this flavour even more strongly than with normal classes . 
  both singular 's vampire and wizards ' example rune mage are great examples of prestige classes ( i was originally unsold on the idea mainly because personally i find the idea of a rune mage kinda lame , but looking at it more objectively , and in light of what prcs should do , it 's not a bad option ) . 
  just taking a brief look at these feats , some obviously should not be anything more than feats , but some could * maybe * work better as prestige classes . 
  for example , the current feat chain ending in become wind probably does n't * need * to be a chain ( no reason you need to be able to suffocate people in order to be able to fly ) , and would work best as a stand alone feat , but having a progression in one 's ability to wield lightning makes * perfect * sense as a prestige class , separate from one 's progression in normal firelacing abilities . 
  can i just say , you did a great job of this recording . 
  none of that annoying in-your-face stuff of the `` i have the right to record in a public place ! '', 
  bullshit you see from so many people ( \\* cough \\* americans \\* cough * ) doing this kind of thing . 
  honestly , i think some of these work better as prestige classes , while others need to take more care to how they apply as feats . 
  feat chains are one of the * worst * things about 3 . x feats , and should be avoided * as much as possible * . 
  i wo n't say `` at all costs '' , but i will say that if you can at all find a way to make a feat choice not overpowered by turning it into a standalone feat , you should . 
  the fly thing is my biggest issue . 
  why is it required that someone first gain the ability to suffocate their opponents before they can fly ? 
  sure , zaheer did it in that order , but there 's no necessary relation between the two . 
  become wind could easily be a standalone feat . 
  empty should be removed in favour of just making that form available to normal airlacers . 
  enter the void might have been a neat little ability in a prc , but when translated into a feat it is vastly underwhelming and should be removed entirely . 
  let go your earthly tether could * maybe * be a small feat chain with become wind , but it 's another ability that works best in the progression of a prc but becomes underwhelming on its own ( if only due to the presence of become wind -- maybe this is a reason to remove bw instead ? ) . 
  lightning lacing , on the other hand , has all the hallmarks of something that should by necessity be a prc . 
  it 's very separate from normal firelacing in terms of its flavour and the progression in its abilities , so allowing a firelacer to choose to progress by improving their ability with lightning at the expense of their fire progression feels completely natural to me . 
   on the software side ( video , music production ), 
  rip aperture :(, 
   as well as their hardware side, 
  honestly i 've been worried about their hardware side since they dropped the non-retina 15 inch mbp . 
  the cost to get a discrete graphics card in a mac laptop sky-rocketed that day , since not only does the retina version start at a bigger price , but only the highest end models of retina mbps have them . 
   osx is slowly losing its advantage as windows becomes more stable and offers a superior platform for ... development, 
  no kidding . 
  with windows getting an ubuntu-based bash shell in current `` fast ring '' updates , os x is about to lose one of its greatest advantages for developing . 
  oh no , what happened to it ? 
  out of interest , have you read the brimstone angels series ? 
  two of the main characters are tieflings , and there 's some great stuff about the race 's history and how they interact with other races . 
  and besides , even if that * was n't * possible , it 'd still be vastly easier to uninstall and then reinstall via the play store than op 's proposed method . 
  interesting . 
  in australia , the preferred term is `` footpath '' . 
  but again , any term would be recognised . 
  it 's rare for a desire line not to be the most direct one , or at least substantially more direct than the marked path . 
  this is quite interesting . 
   it 's like covering a 10 ' x 10 ' blanket ( material plane ) with a 20 ' x 20 ' blanket ( ethereal plane ), 
  i think it possibly better to think of it as being like putting a 3 m x 3 m blanket inside a 3 m x 3 m x 3 m * cube * . 
  the ethereal plane exists in a higher dimension , as it were , such that every point of the material plane intersects with it , but it can go off in entirely different directions . 
  so if you think of space in the material plane as 3d , the ethereal plane is 4d . 
  but wow , your comment is * super * useful . 
  i thought i had a fairly good grasp of how things worked , but this helped me so much more than anything i 've read before . 
  better than penicillin tea and the will to live . 
  but jaqen * required * a name of arya before he would kill one of the three owed , back at harenhal . 
  i do n't know of anything specific from him as a place to start , but if you 're ever googling and see a result from [ bruce schneier ] ( https://www.schneier.com/ ) , make sure to read that . 
  he 's absolutely fantastic at explaining stuff in a way that 's easy to understand , but also goes into great depth . 
  i would also really highly recommend the podcast '' [ security now !, 
  ] ( https://twit.tv/shows/security-now ) '' it 's one of the few podcasts that i think is totally worth going through the archive and listening from episode 1 all the way through . 
  it 's not * just * about encryption though . 
  there 's some security news ( flaws found , government involvement , etc. 
  ) , stuff about other aspects of security ( authentication , diffrent types of attacks , etc. 
  ) , more general technology stuff ( they did an absolutely fantastic series on internet infrastructure , for example ) , and occasionally they branch into unrelated topics like sci-fi and health . 
  but easily 90 % of what they put out is absolutely worth listening to , and with a decent player it 's simple to skip over the other stuff . 
  [ link to the first episode ] ( https://twit.tv/shows/security-now/episodes/1?autostart=false ) . 
  of course , if you assume you 're working with integers , it 's totally unnecessary in op 's case , anyway . 
  it 's guaranteed to be  = 6 since the previous conditional took away everything less . 
  that depends on which is more important to you : having a record of the encounter , or preventing unwanted access to your device . 
  most countries of note observe this one , actually . 
  australia , new zealand , canada , brazil , germany , china , malaysia , singapore , vietnam , and the us , among many , many more . 
  `` mothering sunday '' ( the fourth sunday in lent ) is pretty much just the british isles and nigeria . 
  there are a heap of different ones , but the most notable are :, 
  * 8 march ( international women 's day ) : celebrated by a few countries in asia and eastern europe, 
  * fourth sunday of lent ( mothering sunday ) : british isles and nigeria, 
  * first sunday of may : mostly spain and portugal , as well as a few of their former colonies in africa , as well as a couple of eastern european countries . 
  * second sunday of may : the big one , celebrated by about 84 countries , including most of north america , the caribbean , oceania , and eastern asia . 
  * last sunday of may : mostly france and some former french territories , but also sweden . 
  yeah it 's definitely a very useful bit of syntax . 
  just not in this specific case . 
  no , poland is one of the many special cases . 
  some years , theirs will be the same as the french one , but because it 's a fixed date in poland , rather than a relative day , it wo n't always . 
  a couple of other countries that sit on their own include norway , korea , mongolia , and east timor , but there are a heap more . 
  lol what ? 
  10th may is in mexico , el salvador , and guatemala . 
  it 's no where near as big as the second sunday of may . 
  it 's smaller than all five of the above dates . 
  that article is exactly the one i was using . 
  take a look again . 
  around 84 countries celebrate the second sunday of may as their `` mother 's day '' , including most of the countries that make up substantial amounts of reddit 's demographics . 
  including , but far from limited to , all the ones i listed in my previous comment . 
  hells , the only notable countries that * do n't * celebrate this date are the uk , mexico , ireland , france , spain , and portugal . 
  the next biggest * individual * date is celebrated by just * 18 * countries , most of those in africa and the middle-east ( which make up minuscule amounts of reddit 's demographics ) . 
  that 's an * enormous * difference . 
  pocket casts was the first for me , with ifttt following shortly behind . 
  most ! = all, 
  yeah , most recordings i 've seen hover around the 16 minute mark . 
  why is it posted every day ? 
  no idea . 
  it 's frankly annoying at this point . 
  why does nobody put `` us only '' in the title ? 
  because it 's not us only . 
  it 's 84 countries , including all of the three largest ones by population , as well as canada , australia , new zealand , brazil , and germany ; a substantial majority of both the world 's population and reddit 's demographics . 
  peabody described galavan as `` mad as a hatter '' , and later in the episode strange was reading from alice in wonderland -- the mad hatter scene , if i recall correctly . 
   he still retains memories of being galavan and retains memory of technology , just he doesnt believe he does . 
  his relation to technology seems to be really quite ... strange . 
  he clearly knew how to * use * a gun , but he was astonished at the effectiveness of the weapon , and surprised when it ran out of bullets . 
  not a real one , no . 
  every second month from now on is going to be a dungeon master 's guild spotlight \\* , masquerading under the name of `` unearthed arcana '' .
