  i usually recomend against rearranging keys . 
  not rearranging them means you 're forced to completely , 100 % touch type . 
  if looking down at the keys is an * option * , then you 're more likely to do it , and that 'll mean that your typing will deteriorate ( if you 're already an experienced dvorak typist ) or , even worse , will never develop properly in the first place ( if you 're just newly switching ) . 
  also , i ca n't imagine having to type on a keyboard like that , anyway . 
  the left shift key looks like it 'd be a pain : you 'd constantly be hitting the backslash/pipe key . 
  same with the enter button : having an extra key to the right of the hyphen/underscore key would make it much harder to press . 
  but that layout obviously would be the same whether you were on dvorak on qwerty . 
  edit : and which idiot decided to put the @ sign above ' , rather than '' ? 
  i get the switched # for the pound sign : if you 're in the uk , especially , that 's much more likely to be useful . 
  but how on earth does it possibly make sense to not have the double quote be directly above the single quote/apostrophe never mind that it means putting a key that 's literally only ever used in email addresses ( or , these days , on twitter ) in a prime location on the keyboard . 
  but since you 're using dvorak , i doubt yours is actually laid out like that . 
  that 's probably just a remnant of the physical keyboard that you bought being designed for a certain ( probably uk ? ), 
  version of qwerty , right ? 
  hey , off topic , but has there been any updates in the last year or so regarding the aec senate vote counting software ? 
  i do n't recall hearing anything since you were declared `` not a vexatious litigant '' . 
  yes it does . 
  there 's a reason i never tried to refute the main point ( or any of the * other * cases that the person used to demonstrate that point ) . 
  i had it , for a time . 
  i ca n't remember why i got rid of it ... 
  but i can only assume it was because i decided it was n't working properly or something . 
  should probably try it again ... 
  i personally can not * stand * firefox as a browser . 
  just so much about how it works rubs me the wrong way . 
  i 'd much rather be using safari if i decide chrome is n't an option . 
  which post , exactly , are you referring to ? 
  because if you mean the op , i mean , it says `` jews '' in the title , so yeah , it could n't be much more obvious that they 're targetting jews . 
  or did you mean the one i initially replied to ? 
  in which case i have no comment , really . 
  the person claims to be jewish themselves , and i 'm not going to claim to know whether or not that 's true , though i generally assume people are honest unless i have reason to suspect otherwise . 
  the end of the trailer said that there will be new tabletop stuff . 
  at the very least , that 's an adventure , but it will probably come with new player content like races and spells , just like the elemental evil players companion did . 
   there are churches whose pastors preach politics from the pulpit , which a direct violation of the separation of church and state . 
  is it ? 
  i do n't really see how it is . 
  personally i think it 's disgusting that someone would abuse their position like that , but my understanding was that `` violation of church and state '' is saying that the government ca n't involve itself in religion . 
  a religious person choosing to preach their political opinions is just exercising free speech . 
  using the standard of [ 5 characters to a word ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/words_per_minute ) ( as used in typing speed comparisons ) , and assuming ascii encoding , 3 words with one character left over for your full stop . 
  alternatively , using the computing definition of a word , the iphone uses 64 bit [ words ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/word_ ( computer_architecture \\ ) ) . 
  that 's 8 bytes . 
  so you could fit two words , with one extra char . 
  what the fuck ? 
  they 're showing the shows out of sync ? 
  why the * hell * would they do that ? 
  i ca n't even imagine not watching the shows together ... 
  completely defeats the purpose of having the shared universe . 
  not to mention the crossovers must have been so pointless if you have n't also been caught up on arrow . 
  the rogue 's sneak attack ability is the worst for this , i feel . 
  its name grossly misrepresents the primary ability of one of the core classes . 
  warlocks who go pact of the tome can get pretty much the same thing ( albeit based on the rather limited spell warlock spell list , apart from the few rituals granted when you first pick it ) with the right eldritch invocation . 
   wizards may find enemies wizards spellbooks and copy their spells, 
  or allies !, 
  my current character is a warlock who thinks she 's a wizard ( and i 've told the rest of the party that she 's a wizard ) . 
  the other wizard player wants to swap spells from our books , which would be a great idea were it not for the fact that i 'm not actually a wizard and now have to come up with an excuse not to . 
  it 's not your fault your country uses a dumb date format . 
  all i 'm arguing is that you were wrong about that point . 
  you should n't have included it in your list . 
  i 'm not expecting a delta out of it ( not every comment has to , sometimes we can just discuss stuff relating to other comments ) , just hoping to improve your knowledge ( and that of anyone reading ) of history -- and presumably your own culture 's history . 
  i gave three sources , one of which had its own explicitly stated sources in published literature . 
  the second one was a random blog ( that 's the `` what appears to be a jewish website '' ) , merely meant to point out that even average jewish people accept the facts put forward by those who know better in this area . 
  the third is from a jewish rabbi who also has a ph.d. in a closely related subject area and more generally academically involved in this area . 
  it provides further evidence that it 's not an anti-semitic belief to hold , but also provides direct access to the thoughts from an expert on the subject . 
  if you want more , go search the topic on google ( or on / r/askhistorians , they 've had a number of good conversations about the subject where you can get a more nuanced explanation than i 'm providing ) . 
  you 'll find almost nothing supporting a literalist interpretation of the story . 
  if you choose to believe it anyway , that 's on you , but do n't go around implying people are anti-semitic for trusting the experts . 
  and preferably do n't include it in lists with actual historical atrocities that really occurred . 
  while i 'm not a fan of the fact that this means 6 rather than just 5 general purpose committees , the grouping of the committees feels like it makes a lot more sense this way . 
  i think there was an article in that magazine app they 've got that mentioned the names of some specific pieces of content they 're going to release . 
  a couple of races or something . 
  i imagine those will be coming with the next player 's companion . 
  edit : i found it !, 
  or rather , i found the reddit post mentioning it . 
  [ here it is ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/3gx7yv/dragon_mentioning_sword_coast_adventures_guide/ ) . 
  the list of new content that 's been teased is :, 
   oath of the crown paladin , undying warlock patron , bladesingers , uthgardt barbarians , purple dragon knights , new totems and variant half elves and tieflings . 
  just a tip , you can prepend each line with ''  '' to get it to look like proper greentext . 
  you can see the rest of our style guide [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dndgreentext/wiki/style ) . 
   graphic display calculator, 
  and not just any gdc . 
  find out which one your school recommends and get that . 
  it is * so * useful to be able to follow the exact instructions demonstrated by the teacher , rather than having to figure out how it 's done differently on yours . 
  yeah , people overstaying their visas ( primarily chinese , malaysians , americans , brits , and indians , in that order ) are a way bigger problem than people illegally entering the country to begin with . 
  but that 's certainly not what the government would have us believe . 
  and as tutors , which is a pretty big one . 
  we sign our posts in model parliament , since roles change over time as people get elected or appointed to different roles , and flair does n't maintain a history . 
  i 'm using the word tutor in the sense that australians ( or , at least , uq ) use the word . 
  i do n't know if that 's identical to an american ta or not , though i suspect it 's fairly similar . 
  but i know many undergrads who tutor courses that they did the previous year , or two years ago . 
  it 's very common . 
  not really possible . 
  at least where i live , netflix has three tiers . 
  the higher tiers allow more devices to use it simultaneously , but they also allow higher quality . 
  the middle tier has 720p , and the highest 1080p . 
  the lowest tier is sd only . 
  the only way to reduce netflix bandwidth would be if you 're currently on a higher tier , and switch to a lower one , forcing netflix to stream in lower quality . 
  how you convince them to do this is left as an exercise for the reader . 
  [ here 's what i get when i open chrome 's console on facebook ] ( http://i.imgur.com/id5ftpm.png ) . 
  a big giant warning not to paste anything in there because you could be hacked . 
  edit : removed personal information, 
  admittedly i did make the mistake of not editing out my own personal content . 
  i 'm not especially concerned with revealing personal information : i 've deliberately linked to my youtube account in the past , which is under my real name .
