  * measurably * more heinous ? 
  maybe not , but socially it 's generally regarded as significantly more heinous , and thus it is treated differently . 
  that , after all , is the whole reason for this law . 
  the point stands . 
  you can not claim that allowing retrials for murder cases when a significant amount of new evidence comes to light ( especially , for example , if new technology is available for analysing evidence ) must necessitate the same change being made to other kinds of crimes . 
  to do so is fundamentally fallacious and shows a fundamental lack of understanding of the law and of logical reasoning . 
  let me put it this way , since using logic seems to be beyond you . 
  most reasonable people would be able to understand that just because someone has decided it 's worth implementing a law in one circumstance , does not mean that they will inevitably or even most likely then extend the law to more circumstances . 
  there 's simply nothing to base that argument on . 
  terrorism generally involves murder . 
  in cases where there is terrorism without the intent to kill ( not that i 've ever heard of any ) , it would generally not be considered as bad as murder . 
  i simply do n't agree with the rest of your statements . 
  child molestation and torturing are bad , but at least the victim in these cases is still alive . 
  most people can see the difference there . 
   now i 've already wasted far too much time responding to someone so simultaneously naive and smug . 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  i 'm the opposite way around . 
  i fucking love my mbp because its build quality is leagues ahead of the competition , and because i find a lot of the software available ( both first and third party ) is nicer to use than windows equivalents . 
  fcp x is easily the best prosumer video editor available , and small things like daisydisk are just nicer to use than windows equivalents i 've tried . 
  i would n't buy a mac desktop , though . 
  build quality is worth next to nothing , and this way i can have both the raw power of a custom-made desktop and a laptop that is both powerful and comfortable/nice to use . 
  plus i can use any application or play any game whether it 's for os x or windows . 
  much less limiting . 
  would n't buy an iphone , though . 
  you 're right that many apps are better designed , but i just fucking love google 's ecosystem . 
  gmail , google drive , google maps , etc. 
  are all so much better than their apple or microsoft counterparts , and they work really well together . 
  i like the ability to do things like `` share '' files among apps in a way that apple does n't allow ( though it looks like they may be increasing how much they allow in the next version of ios , which is good ) . 
  plus google now is just so damn awesome . 
  plus , i 'm seeing more and more apps that are getting better . 
  pocket casts is by far my favourite podcatcher app , and it 's not only available on both ios and android , but the most recent major version was released first on android . 
  sleep cycle alarm clock just finally released a version for android -- there were competitors available , but personally i did n't really like them very much compared to it , which i had used on my old ipod touch . 
  regarding your last point , i disagree a little . 
  apple has always placed an emphasis on well-designed apps , which means it 's more likely to attract developers who want to develop such apps . 
  similarly , apple users are more likely to demand a well-designed app . 
  so while developers are primarily at fault , you can also blame google and android users to some extent . 
  right , but alienware is n't just overpriced , it 's actively bad build quality . 
  i had a friend who had one that had to be replaced after a year . 
  but even for a decent build quality computer , it 's just never going to be as nice as a mbp . 
  the thing i always like to mention is the touchpad . 
  the size of it and the multitouch gestures available for it make apple 's touchpad * better * than a basic mouse for average web browsing or document editing . 
  it 's even usable for gaming -- a mouse is definitely preferable here , but you can do it if you do n't have one at hand . 
  i played all of portal 1 and 2 with it , for example . 
  the same is definitely not true for any other touchpad i 've ever used . 
  as for comparing specs , it 's a difficult comparison to make . 
  os x runs better on the same hardware than windows does , due to windows needing to be able to run on a much broader variety of hardware . 
  of course , for gaming , you certainly * can * make the comparison more easily . 
  to me , the idea of a gaming laptop is an oxymoron . 
  i have a desktop for heavy gaming , and with my laptop i like to be able to do a little gaming on the go , but the majority of gaming is not on the laptop , because * no * laptop is going to be as good for gaming as a desktop . 
  to me , build quality and the wider variety of software make it by far the right choice . 
  have to say , were we on / r/cmv , you 'd have my \u2206 . 
  i can definitely see how rolled stats would make for a lot more variety in roleplay . 
  that definitely could be a good thing . 
  i think my problem with it , though , is just that it could take away your ability to roleplay in some ways . 
  when i come up with a character , i generally start by thinking of a backstory that sounds cool to me , and then build the mechanics of the game ( race and class ) around that . 
  if i roll on stats that do n't fit the backstory i wanted , i 'm stuck . 
  i can either rewrite the backstory to be less interesting to me , or just ignore the fact that my stats do n't fit my backstory . 
  neither of which feels like a very nice option . 
  yeah . 
  regarding holst , it 's the reason he never did a pluto . 
  it was discovered in his lifetime and he could have written a movement for it , but because he was upset that the planets had so much more attention than his other works , he refused . 
  guess he got the last laugh in 2006 . 
  that 's what i 've always described bol\u00e9ro as . 
  it 's not a piece of music , it 's an exercise in orchestration -- and a superb one at that . 
  that 's something that has been mentioned as a theory , but it does n't really have much substance to it . 
  as someone else said , he wrote many things later than it that were not as repetitive . 
  he also heard it played many times , and would have gone back to review it himself as he composed . 
  there are also numerous reports of his various comments on the piece . 
  he was fully aware of its repetitiveness , so while it 's tempting to link it with his mental disorder ( i 've seen it quoted as a number of different things , including ppa , dementia , and pick 's disease ) . 
  he also probably did n't die from this disease , but from surgery for a brain injury . 
  that 's stupid . 
  the gg has that power because in some exceptional circumstances they need to use it . 
  for example , if the government can not pass supply , then clearly something drastic is necessary , so the gg has the power to dissolve parliament . 
  sure , the powers can be misused ( see australia 's 1975 constitutional crisis ) , but it is important that the reserve powers be there specifically so that in some situations they can be used . 
  if there were no time that they should be used , then they should not have those powers at all . 
  just some food for thought . 
  just some food for thought from the opposite viewpoint . 
  i did n't know we had a queen . 
  i thought we were an autonomous collective . 
  what would you say she is , then ? 
  perhaps queen of the united kingdom would be more appropriate . 
  but if you feel like mentioning that she is also the queen of canada , australia , etc. , you should note that these are actually completely separate titles that she holds . 
  the crown of the uk is a separate entity to each of the crowns that each of the other countries have . 
  it really should be, 
   her majesty elizabeth the second , by the grace of god of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , and of her other realms and territories queen , head of the commonwealth , defender of the faith, 
  that 's just her title in the uk . 
  she has separate titles in australia , canada , and all the other countries she rules . 
  you should see my comment above for what the full correct title is . 
  all short cuts ? 
  what exactly does that mean ? 
  os x has a layout included that does no more than change to qwerty while command is held down . 
  if i were to use something similar for windows i would really only want the same functionality , except with ctrl instead . 
  changing other shortcut keys around -- while potentially useful -- would just get too confusing . 
  oh man that sounds awesome . 
  could you elaborate on that campaign ? 
  in particular , what was the plot that the other two were up to about ? 
  what ended up happening to the slave , and how was the preserver conspiracy resolved ? 
  shardminds hold their shape using their inherent connection to psionic power . 
  because of this , not only could it coke back in a different form , you could adjust your shape within a single campaign or even encounter . 
  i believe the phb3 mentions stealthing by attempting to look like a rock or a statue or something .
