  yay for lefties !, 
  what i always found really funny in fencing , though , is that it feels as bad for me to face a lefty as i imagine it does for most right handers to face me . 
  kaaaaarl that kills people !, 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  yeah , i 'm in the wrong here . 
  oh man that 's terrible . 
  i feel so bad for her . 
  do the operators get some sort of counselling provided for them ? 
  because if not , they really should . 
  i do n't like the theme . 
  you know what i did ? 
  i turned it off and shut up about it . 
  would 've never even remembered that i was n't using the default theme if it had n't been brought up here . 
  the way phone numbers work is that once a match has been made ( i.e. , once the sequence of numbers you 've typed matches a real phone number ) it immediately dials the given number . 
  with mobile phones , this just means it will ignore any subsequent digits . 
  you ca n't , for example , have the number 0456 432 and the number 0456 4321 , because the 1 in the second number would be ignored . 
  that 's probably because you 're used to hearing `` dia de los muertos '' , which `` is day of the dead '' , and you 're associating it with that . 
  `` dia de la madre '' is `` just day of the mother '' , nothing about funerals or death there . 
  assuming they 're in the us , that would be today , would n't it ? 
  a quick google tells me that mother 's day in the us is sunday the 11th may this year . 
  oh right of course . 
  sometimes i forget how far behind the us is of here . 
  it 's nearly midday sunday where i am . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't think there is any legitimate justification for interpreting `` they have * other things than * the way back machine '' as being anything other than an acknowledgement that archive.org has the wbm as well as other things . 
  more likely , people simply skimmed over that part of his comment and did n't notice it . 
  hijacking tho top comment to post [ this interesting link i found ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20071014064127/http://reddit.com/info/2zwc7/comments ) on the wayback machine . 
  it 's someone complaining about what `` reddit has come to '' -- from october 2007 . 
  plus some comments about creating an alternative to reddit with some ... interesting ideas . 
  and if you 're from somewhere that does n't have any form of netflix ? 
  in case anyone 's wondering , the spoiler marked content is something that you should already know if you 've watched the arrow episodes with barry allen , along with some basic background on the comic book character . 
  yeah i 'm pretty much the same . 
  i think the only other subreddit i turned off the theme was / r/mountandblade , and that 's because they 've got awful serif fonts which decrease legibility . 
  i did complain about that one when they first made the change , but then i just turned it off and have ignored it since . 
  when i went back to double check and take the quote , i looked at the comment reply by accident ... 
  no , you 're right , the actual quote is ambiguous . 
  prostitution is n't always strongly associated with human trafficking etc. 
  here in australia it 's legal and perfectly safe for all involved . 
  the same is true in new zealand , and likely many other countries . 
  it 's all about a good set of restrictions and oversight , rather than just legalising it and letting everyone have at it . 
  but that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's not just a matter of having `` its share of bumps and bruises '' , it 's a matter of putting thousands of people in a position where they ca n't afford a basic standard of living . 
  if you can truly believe that this would be worth it solely because of a moral position you have that the government should n't be getting involved in your business , then quite frankly i do n't think you 're the type of person i 'd like to meet in real life . 
  it 's just completely nonsensical . 
  you got a source on that claim ? 
  [ this page ] ( http://www.humantrafficking.org/countries/australia ) says that australia is tier 1 for complying with `` the trafficking victims protection act 's minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking '' , which seems to be quite the opposite claim . 
  ninjaedit : [ this seems to be saying much the same thing ] ( http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/192594.pdf ) [ pdf warning ], 
  to be quite frank , what i saw in that does n't really seem cause for much alarm . 
  sure , we 're ranked `` high '' , but so are a hell of a lot of other countries . 
  it seems to me that high is a relative thing , and that the actual numbers are nothing to get too alarmed about . 
  there 's certainly not even a tentative link between the fact that prostitution is legal here and the `` high '' ranking for human trafficking . 
  indeed , the us -- which has much stricter prostitution laws -- ranks higher than we do , and new zealand -- which is arguably more lax than some australian states -- is ranked medium . 
  personally i do n't like it because i prefer my reddit experience to be as close as possible to completely consistent , and this design completely throws reddit 's design out . 
  sure , as a stand alone site design it works great , but it is n't a stand alone site , it 's a subreddit . 
  is this data not per capita ? 
  i could n't find a definitive answer in the report , but i had assumed it was , because the data is pretty useless if it is n't . 
  this seems to be assuming that one * does * use these services . 
  do you only want people who use them ? 
  exactly , that 's the problem . 
  the title did n't make that clear , so it seemed as though anyone could do it . 
  the title says `` anyone between 16-25 '' . 
  that would include people who do n't use these . 
  going into it , one could very reasonably expect that the survey would be set up to allow for responses from someone who does n't use these ( perhaps with fields like `` why/why not '' text boxes or something ) . 
  [ i feel like that image has much more impact like this ] ( http://giant.gfycat.com/acceptableshowydunlin.gif ) . 
  it 's not that weird an idea . 
  if a building was built * intentionally * leaning , you could have the exterior leaning , while the stairs and floors on the inside are built specifically to compensate . 
  who designed the css to have bold-italic go to strike-through ? 
  because that 's a shit design . 
  what ? 
  you mean the subreddit mods ? 
  yeah , actually , i 'd say the chances of them reading this are pretty decent , actually . 
  oh right , i read your previous comment as sarcastic . 
  even knowing it was n't , it 's still difficult to read it as sincere . 
  that probably says a lot more about me than it does you , though . 
  sorry about the mistake , though . 
  just to help it along , though . 
  / u/andrewinmelbourne / u/quink / u/rufflesdance / u/alphabeat / u/phranticsnr, 
  any chance you guys could fix that about the css , or at least explain what the reasoning behind it is ? 
  wait you do this in-camera ? 
  i would 've thought it 'd be a simple blending effect in photoshop . 
  are there many digital cameras that 'll let you take double exposures , or do you have to do it with film ? 
  i realised it for the first time last night , so do n't feel too bad . 
  the uk version has really weird intro music . 
  it 's this really upbeat fanfare-like music , which runs completely opposite to the dark themes of the actual show . 
  really fun to listen to , though . 
  i 'm just gon na go play with my d3100 . 
  damn thing takes for ever to stop rolling , and reading the number is hard , but god damn if it is n't worth it . 
   i 've never had a donation box walk up to me on the street and shake itself at me asking to put my change in it . 
  you must have lived a pretty sheltered life , then . 
  that 's something i live in fear of every day . 
   i hate that some people expect adoptees to be poster children for the pro-life movement , but i am pro-choice, 
  i really ca n't say i understand this . 
  it 's not something i 've ever really heard before , and i ca n't understand why someone would use adoption as an argument in favour of outlawing abortions . 
  if you know what the argument is , could you explain it to me ? 
  thanks a heap for that . 
  the original one was taking forever to load . 
  given that even the original is a pretty small file , though , i 'm guessing that 's because the server is overloaded . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've heard a number of people say that canadian netflix has avatar , which the us one does n't . 
  possibly also community ? 
  i would n't know for sure , though .
