  each country gets a score in each of these . 
  since the scales are typically scored to an accuracy of only 1/100 , and all countries near the top are pretty close anyway , ties are quite likely . 
  based on the methodology i got off the [ wikipedia entry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_freedom_in_the_world ) , it does n't look like privacy is something that would make a difference . 
   the index is based on measures of freedom of speech , freedom of religion , individual economic choice , freedom of association , freedom of assembly , violence and crimes , freedom of movement , homosexual rights and women 's rights . 
  other components of the freedom index include human trafficking , sexual violence , female genital mutilation , homicide , freedom of movement , and adoption by homosexuals . 
   the freedom index does not measure democracy , but it does measure freedom of speech and media , press killings , political imprisonment etc. 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't tell if it 's larger or not , but the image was used in a [ nat geo article ] ( http://intelligenttravel.nationalgeographic.com/2010/05/18/creating_a_new_national_park_q/ ) . 
  actually australian gun laws are probably among the sanest levels in the world . 
  it 's still relatively easy to get one if you want to , but there are reasonable restrictions on what type , and how you 're allowed to store it . 
  none of this personal defence nonsense you always hear americans talking about . 
  and , of course , tests to make sure you are responsible enough to own one . 
  the censorship thing is basically non-existent outside of gaming , although in that area it really is bizarre and way over the top . 
  but there 's definitely nothing coming close to the uk 's current situation with the `` porn filter '' . 
  there was some proposed legislation for a filter a while back , but it got dropped well before actually going to the vote . 
  personally i do n't think either is ok . 
  but for those that do think along that line , the reason is simply tradition . 
  yeah , if it had gone through i 'd be singing a very different tune . 
  but do n't get me wrong , australia has some pretty serious issues . 
  our new pm is almost certainly not going to do anything to advance marriage equality , and my home state of queensland recently enacted some hideous laws that act against the right to associate -- in the form of anti-bikie gang laws . 
  drug laws are roughly the same as most us states , although as far as i 'm aware there is n't very strong enforcement against recreational users . 
  but we 've got some great abortion laws , and prostitution is legal and regulated . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  phone tapping kinda implicitly restricts freedom of speech and media , and it can lead to such things as political imprisonment , but it does n't * explicitly * do either of those things , so i doubt that what was going on in the uk would 've had an impact on this measurement . 
   1.0 , 2.0 , 3.0 , 3.1 , 3.11 , 95 , 98 , me , xp , 7 , 8, 
  you missed vista . 
  this is important , because it makes what i 'm about to add even weirder . 
  xp was windows version 5 . x. 
  vista came in at 6.0 . 
  that 's the reason microsoft named the next version windows 7 . 
  only here 's the thing . 
  it * is n't version 7 * . 
  it 's actually 6.1 . 
  and windows 8 ? 
  actually 6.2 . 
  i do n't know if `` windows 8.1 '' is actually 6.3 or 6.2 . x , but i think it 's the former . 
  if it was that , they 'd be telling you not to read your book . 
  but that never happens . 
  it 's technophobia , plane ^ * and simple . 
  ^ \\* ^ sorry , ^ i ^ could n't ^ resist, 
  not to mention , outside of america i do n't think it 's happened at all . 
  i heard rumours about the eu thinking about it , but no where else . 
  and international flights are only going to complicate things further -- you 're going to have to wait a very long wait before you 're allowed to use it on them . 
  this is reddit . 
  unfortunately , a lot of people on here sometimes forget that america is n't the only country in the world . 
  when a new law is introduced federally in america , you 'll see it described as being * the * law , as you are seeing in most of this thread . 
  there is a new law in america , but because it 's an american law , and nowhere else has similar laws , it only applies on domestic flights within the us . 
  that 's pretty common on planes these days . 
  man fuck all the people in this thread . 
  they put the reclining option in there for a fucking reason . 
  if i want to sleep on the flight , you better fucking believe i 'm going to put it back . 
  if you 're so uncomfortable that you ca n't put up with having the seat in front of you being reclined , then maybe you should fork up for business class , or reserve an exit seat . 
  if you 're going to be a dick and do something like this , you know what my reaction is going to be ? 
  i 'm going to put it * all the way back * and leave it that way . 
  because if you can be an inconsiderate , self-centred dick , then i can too . 
  that said , one should * always * put their seat up during meals , and leave it up until meals have been collected , or until you know that the person behind you has finished . 
  man fuck all the people in this thread . 
  they put the reclining option in there for a fucking reason . 
  if i want to sleep on the flight , you better fucking believe i 'm going to put it back . 
  if you 're so uncomfortable that you ca n't put up with having the seat in front of you being reclined , then maybe you should fork up for business class , or reserve an exit seat . 
  if you 're going to be a dick and do something like this , you know what my reaction is going to be ? 
  i 'm going to put it all the way back and leave it that way . 
  because if you can be an inconsiderate , self-centred dick , then i can too . 
  that said , one should always put their seat up during meals , and leave it up until meals have been collected , or until you know that the person behind you has finished . 
  hear , hear !, 
  i ca n't believe how self-centred all the people in this thread are being . 
  they put the reclining option in there for a reason god dammit . 
  you 're an arsehole . 
  no , it 's not . 
  apparently a lot of people in this thread are getting all worked up about it , but quite honestly it comes across as them being arrogant and self-centred . 
  they put the option to recline in there for a reason . 
  most people do n't have too much of an issue with it . 
  if people are this bothered by it , they should get business class tickets or reserve an exit seat . 
  i 'm sorry if i want to be comfortable , and maybe be able to get a little shut eye on a fucking 8 hour overnight journey . 
  the seats are made to recline . 
  so yeah , unless the person behind me is clearly visibly uncomfortable and politely asks me to put it up , i 'm going to get myself comfortable . 
  if you 're really all that bothered by it , the smart thing to do would be to buy business class tickets or reserve a seat in the exit row . 
   when i move around and my knees are literally in the back of your seat, 
  totally fine . 
  that 's something that is n't too much of a bother , so long as you 're not deliberately doing it and deliberately being difficult , which is what your previous comment was implying . 
  yeah , definitely this . 
  you need to do it very carefully and deliberately , so there 's no need to worry about hitting things or causing problems . 
  all the people complaining about reclining is really getting on my nerves , but i really feel for you here . 
  reclining is perfectly fine . 
  rocking your seat is * not * fine . 
  talking at anything above the minimum necessary for the person next to you ( or , let 's be kind , the person next to them ) to be able to comfortably understand you is * not * fine . 
  the seats are designed to recline . 
  given that anything else is a `` your word vs. my word '' kind of thing , that 's the key argument . 
  if you 're clearly visibly uncomfortable , and you ask me politely , sure , i 'll put my seat up . 
  but if you do anything other than that ; if you are rude or pretentious when you tell me to put my seat up ; if you passive-aggressively knock your knees into my chair , or try to hold my seat up from reclining ; guess what ? 
  i 'm definitely not going to play nice . 
  hmm ... 
  i ca n't say i 've ever been on an airline that was quite that bad . 
  i would 've always been able to fit a 13 ' laptop on my lap with the person in front of me reclining , and * usually * a 15 ' one . 
  perhaps that 's where the disagreement is coming from . 
  maybe american domestic airlines are * really * shitty compared to the international , australian domestic , and some asian domestic ( primarily korean and vietnamese ) airlines that i 've been on . 
  perhaps they place the seats * waay * too close together or something , or maybe they let the seats recline further than they rightfully should be . 
  just a thought . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  quite frankly i ca n't see eye-to-eye with that , and i will go on with my life thinking of people like you as random arseholes who do n't know how to properly function in society without causing a scene . 
  good day .
