  i really do n't understand what you 're trying to say about the / , sorry . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen mm.dd.yy or mm-dd-yy before . 
  i ca n't say for certain , but i think i have . 
  i do n't think which mark is used to separate them makes much difference at all . 
  huh . 
  interesting stuff . 
  thanks for the info . 
  right , but that makes perfect sense when written/spoken in full . 
  when you put the shortened version of it it makes more sense to put them in the order of their scale . 
  when in full , there can be no confusion , but in shorthand it 's too easy to confuse dates for almost half of every month . 
  when it comes to copyright , google is no where near perfect . 
  if you upload a video to youtube of a recording of * yourself * playing a piece of public domain , classical , music , you can guarantee at least one company will launch a copyright claim against it . 
  i 've got one where there are three different claims , one that at least identifies the correct piece , one that makes no specific reference to the name of the piece in its title , and one that identifies a completely different piece of music to the one that 's in the video . 
  on windows : there 's unfortunately no alt-code for it , so copy-pasting is your best bet ( you could set it as a macro in [ res ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) , if you wanted ) . 
  on mac : option - =, 
  there must be some 3/8 ones , surely ? 
  or maybe 9/8 ? 
  the `` poor sap '' that reads this , if he really has zero musical knowledge , will at least know that the name of one of the apple sounds is minuet . 
  does anyone know a way we can petition google to stop this horrible practice ? 
  or maybe a way of contacting the societies making the fraudulent claims . 
  i just love how deep they made her character . 
  she seems to have a real background , and real emotions , much more so than any other character in the game . 
  i love vimeo for its amazing video quality . 
  youtube is n't as bad as facebook at destroying quality , but it 's nowhere near as good as vimeo . 
  the problem is , that 's where the advantages end . 
  vimeo 's social features ( not just talking about the number of users , but the quality of the features ) are n't to the same level as youtube 's . 
  vimeo 's playback options also are n't as good as youtube 's . 
  on youtube you can select 240p , 360p , 480p , 720p , 1080p , and even higher if the video has that . 
  it gives you every option up to the original quality of the video . 
  vimeo has sd and hd , that 's it . 
  ( this makes a real difference on slow connections . ), 
  it also wo n't let you start the video loading from any point . 
  youtube 's gone backwards a bit on this recently ( now , when you click to a point it has n't loaded , it will jump straight there but does n't give you the visual indicator by having everything before it appear unloaded : visually , it appears to have loaded from the beginning to that point , although it has n't ) , but it will still let you jump to the middle of a video . 
  again , on slow connections this is an important feature . 
  i like vimeo , i really do , but it just is n't as good as youtube . 
  the way he worded it made it clear he was talking about the us prison system . 
  the way he worded it definitely seems like even speaking to them in passing is a parole violation . 
  whether that 's true or not i do n't know , but if it is ... wow . 
  just wow . 
  yeah , that was the first thing i thought of after reading bigroblee 's comment . 
  yeah , true . 
  i 'm not from the us . 
  i 'm just saying that his comment made it pretty clear that he was talking about the us . 
  he said `` our '' prison system , and `` in most states '' , and then later mentioned california . 
  the link also mentions prisoners in the united states . 
  i also am against the death penalty , but * given the assumption that the death penalty is in place * , i think that rekilling him is the right decision . 
  not at all . 
  i am completely against the death penalty , but i agree . 
  * given the assumption that the death penalty is in place * , the guy should n't get out of it because of that . 
  but the person who started this thread seemed to be talking about resurrection . 
  something that medically is impossible ( at least with today 's technology , and in every theoretical way we can think of today ) , but if it happened , would you say that the were never dead ? 
  i would n't . 
  it 's a moot point , since it 'll never happen , but it 's just interesting to think about . 
  if we 're going to ignore the joke that he made and try and be literal about it , the longest high school system i know of is 7 years , 7 -- 13 . 
  in australia ( and likely other places , too ) most people do n't make the distinction . 
  i do n't know if our * legal systems * make the distinction or not , but most people do n't . 
  the terms can be interchangeable . 
  that film is part of the cause of the problems with the prison system in the us ? 
  i feel kinda bad , because it 's one of my favourite films of all time ... 
  but should n't the blame be on milo\u0161 forman ( the director ) and ken kesey ( author of the book the film was based on ) be more to blame than nicholson , who was simply an actor in the film ? 
  edit : should n't the blame be on [ the people ] be more to blame ... 
  whoops . 
  are n't there also laws about having to check in with your parole officer or such ? 
  wow , i never knew that that was the case . 
  wow ... 
  oh , i should probably mention that the video has n't been blocked anywhere in the world . 
  i do n't think they 're even putting ads on it , though i 'm not sure about that . 
  still , i think i may start putting more of my stuff on vimeo , even if it 's in addition to youtube for the time being . 
  yeah , i really do n't get it . 
  at first i assumed it might be something that was particularly common thing in the military , but i 've done a few quick google searches ( for things like `` phantom phone vibration military '' and `` phantom phone vibration for ex-military '' ) , and have n't seen any evidence that this is the case . 
  if anyone has evidence to the contrary , i 'd be really interested to see it . 
   lets see who downvotes without knowing what fitness is in this context !, 
  ftfy , since fitness in the `` i can run a marathon '' way is also a correct meaning of the word fitness . 
  in my yeargroup i was relatively early in learning santa was fake , and i did n't learn it until at least year 2 ( i do n't remember if it was year 2 or 3 ) . 
  my younger sister learnt it when she was 7 , right at the end of year 2 . 
  yeah , no kidding . 
  do they still give you a present from santa every year ? 
  haha my parents had an answer for that question ( although we had a chimney : the question/answer was in relation to others ) : they leave a window open . 
  is there a noticeable difference if one of the guns fires a rubber bullet ? 
  yeah , i figured it probably would be . 
  what if they were experienced shooters , but unexperienced with the particular gun they 're using ? 
  do n't different guns have different levels of recoil , so perhaps if they did n't know better they could put it down to that ? 
  or is the difference between blanks ( or rubber ) and real bullets so large that they would still almost certainly notice that ? 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for the info . 
  only the last 12 months ? 
  i 've stopped using it for the last 2 or 3 years , because i switched from hotmail to gmail , but also because i felt the quality of it was terrible then . 
  no , queensland . 
  but actually , i do n't know if they even did leave windows open , i would n't have checked , and they could have easily just said that they opened them before they went to bed ( edit : while not actually doing so ) . 
  that lie could work in even the unsafest of neighbourhoods . 
  is that the original office , or the american office ? 
  i do n't know about us social geography ( or , for that matter , ~ ~ physical ~ ~ [ whatever the word is for where it 's located on a map ] geography beyond a few of the most well-known states ) . 
  i guess that excuse probably wo n't work quite so well , then . 
  what was the song , and what was the content of the actual video ? 
  and what was the contest ? 
  overly attached redditor ? 
  i 'm not a huge fan of the dancing stuff that he 's doing , but the music itself is really cool . 
  that glissando stuff near the beginning was just ... wow !, 
  you compare the removing of diskettes and cds to the antenna problems on the iphone . 
  they 're really completely different things .
