  the truth is that the government is spending * more * than that amount . 
  if that 's the amount spent on male military members and retirees , then the amount spent on female members and retirees would need to be added to that , and so would any other sources that might fund it . 
  this is worth upvoting because even if it 's wrong , it 's wrong by an * underestimate * of the size of the problem . 
  you ever been over one of those speedbumps before ? 
  they 're shorter , but that just makes the * bump * feel more jarring , by far . 
  what 's so great about this is that even if they take the detour , the bump still achieves its purpose . 
  to go around like that , you 're going to have to slow down quite a bit anyway . 
  you should be warned that inkarnate , in its current iteration , is pretty terrible at world maps . 
  * great * for region maps , but the art style and scale is terrible for global scale stuff . 
   medusa was a particular gorgon, 
  in greek mythology this is correct . 
  but it 's important to be aware that ( for some stupid reason ) in d&d , a gorgon is something completely different , and the generic name for what greek mythology calls a gorgon is indeed a medusa . 
  perseus worked it out without needing any special help . 
  not sure why a d&d character would . 
  if it 's an entire large continent , that may still be problematic . 
  if it 's only part of a continent , or a smaller continent , then it could work fine . 
  i used photoshop and followed [ this tutorial ] ( https://www.cartographersguild.com/showthread.php?p=90518 ) almost to the t. it 's a pretty simple tutorial to follow , and it produces great looking results . 
  i created [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mrxgykz.jpg ) , which was originally intended to be a world map , but after i had finished it , i realised that the size of some of those forests and mountain ranges would have to cover entire continents in the real world , so i shrunk it down and added the bit connecting it to a larger continent . 
  ( pro tip : if you create a world scale map , remember to keep terrain features really really small compared to the whole map , otherwise they 'll be ludicrously large if you think about them logically . ), 
  from that map , it was quite easy to produce [ this more hand-drawn style map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3d4l3cv.jpg ) , although it would have been just as easy to create a map like this from scratch . 
  it uses some photoshop brushes that are easily found on deviantart with some searching . 
  or you could look at the / r/unearthedarcana resources . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` item '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  i heard a theory that they 're a front for some sort of money laundering business . 
  to be honest , i ca n't say i think it 's that ridiculous . 
  they always seem to be empty . 
   except the food at los pollos hermanos looked delicious . 
  so exactly like red rooster ? 
  it 's honestly by far the best fast food place that 's common in brissy . 
  yeah, 
  / r/modelaustralia 's the one to go to . 
  it 's been a member of the reddit model world for quite some time now . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` compendium '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  we have it here in australia , though it 's leaving on the 23rd . 
  relevant user name ? 
  i 've only ever heard of afternoon tea called that , as an aussie . 
  queensland , if it makes a difference . 
  why is afternoon tea called afternoon tea ? 
  tricky to say . 
  yeah , the patron is like , the entire point of the class . 
  that 's what makes it cool to play . 
  if you do n't want to have that there , or your dm does n't want to run it properly , you might as well be playing a sorcerer . 
  the difference here is that by allowing a roll to cast a spell subtly , you are deliberately stepping on the toes of a major class ability in a big way . 
  that 's a huge no-no . 
  no , i quite like him . 
  andy was better , and i 'm hoping rainer is just a stopgap until andy can come back , but as a stopgap goes i think he 's great . 
  he 's a really funny character and he seems to genuinely care about hailey , despite my initial fears when he first appeared . 
  he is definitely way better than dylan was . 
  he was a complete moron and a total loser , and he was dragging hailey down with him . 
  not to mention dylan has been very satisfactorily written out of the show . 
   but then the sorcerer does n't get to use their metamagic , which is one of the main reasons you 'd play one anyways, 
  the sorcerer has the flexibility to choose . 
  something equally as good as arcane recovery , full on metamagic , or somewhere in between . 
  arcane recovery ca n't be given as a reason to choose wizard over sorcerer , if you assume a standard adventuring day . 
  ( of course , you probably * do n't * assume a standard adventuring day , because it 's a ludicrously unrealistic expectation . ), 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  as this is your second warning , any future unflaired submissions may be removed . 
  your class table is shunted to the bottom of the page . 
  currently not visible . 
  are you clicking save ? 
  yeah , it is . 
  what browser are you working in ? 
  i dunno which ones you 've been to , but i 've found the one in the myer centre in the city , the one at chermside shopping centre , and the one at indro to all be excellent . 
  the chips especially i would rank better than most other chips , even from higher class places . 
  why would you join this weird little upstart , when / r/modelaustralia has been going for years ? 
  hmm . 
  no , should n't be . 
  chrome is where it usually works best . 
  it 's displaying fine on my phone in chrome , but not much computer . 
  not sure why ... 
  yeah , taking it to the extreme is half the fun !, 
  i 'm not sure why you thought i was saying we should get rid of state governments in my last comment . 
  i mean , it actually is something i 've believed for quite a while , but i was n't trying to imply it in the comment you just replied to ... 
  anyway , states already have a governor . 
  the governor is an appointee of her majesty . 
  governor is to premier as governor general is to prime minister , essentially . 
  and if the intent was to get rid of state governments , i 'm not sure how keeping the premier intact would work . 
  if you 're getting rid of state governments , just do it . 
  cede all the power to the federal government and local councils . 
  yeah the pdf displays just fine . 
  it 's the homebrewery link that 's playing up for me . 
  i might give it a look over for balance when i get the chance . 
  wo n't be until sunday evening at the best though , in all likelihood . 
  definitely second this . 
  python is hands down the best beginner 's programming language . 
  forget java * script * as some further down have recommended , it 's an ugly kludge to write in . 
  python is simple , easy , and relatively elegant . 
  * java * is a fantastic language and would be my recommendation of a place to move to once you 've got the basics of programming down and want to move on to something with a bit more rigour to it . 
  but i would n't recommend starting with it . 
  i normally get a quarter chicken and chips . 
  that 's about it . 
  the chicken is decent . 
  nothing spectacular , but the roast beats kfc 's fried chicken any day . 
  and * anything * is better than a maccas style burger , which almost feels like eating just a lump of pure fat . 
  the chips are what really set them apart . 
  leaps and bounds ahead of any other fast food place , and i 'd even rank them higher than some far more posh places . 
   it 's much more human readable, 
  i 've heard it called `` executable pseudo-code '' , which i think is a pretty damn perfect description of it . 
  the problem with flanking advantage in 5e is n't with flanking advantage .
