  it probably does n't help that the vowel in lose is actually a little longer sounding than the vewel in loose . 
  ooh this is great !, 
  and it even includes the lesser known second verse . 
  that was a really nice touch . 
   irl , two populations of organisms are generally considered different species if they can not produce fertile offspring with each other . 
  this is the commonly taught definition , but it 's a little too simplified to be haphazardly applied everywhere . 
  there are numerous examples where it does n't make sense . 
  to start with , asexual reproduction does n't fit in with it at all . 
  even if we limit ourselves to the animal kingdom , there are problems , however . 
  there are some hybrids that can sometimes be fertile . 
  mules have been able to birth children with a donkey father . 
  and there are even more common examples of fertile hybrids in some species of bird or insect . 
  sometimes a species can be biologically compatible but choose to not reproduce in natural conditions , such as if different subspecies are active at different times of the day . 
  and of course , ring species , such as the famous greenish warbler , which started south of the himalayas , and migrates north around them to both the west and east . 
  every species can mate with the ones directly to their east and west , but when they finally met again to the north of the range , those species could not mate . 
  the blood war ended around the time of the spellplague , with the apotheosis of asmodeus and him thrusting the abyss down in the elemental chaos . 
  although the cosmic wheel model has returned in 5e , the blood war has not properly restarted . 
  there are some hints that it * could * start up again some time soon , but for now there are only minor skirmishes . 
  hey this is an amazing write up . 
  thanks so much for making it . 
  ( i was linked here from another thread . ), 
  i just want to point out a few minor errors . 
  the blood war has ended . 
  it ended when asmodeus became a god and threw the abyss down in the elemental chaos long before the start of 4e . 
  5e returned the cosmic wheel model , but it has not yet restarted the blood war . 
  there are strong hints that it could return , but as of the latest novels , it has not . 
  this may not be so much an error as an oversimplification , but devil 's wo n't normally make contracts for one 's soul . 
  because what moron would sell their literal eternal soul for some power . 
  it 's a world where gods are real and people know that they have a soul which will last eternally . 
  to sell one 's soul for a bit of lower or wealth would be moronic . 
  in rare cases someone truly desperate might do it , but more often contracts will be to provide some service or other to the devil , possibly with the pactee 's soul as forfeit if they do not compete their part of the bargain . 
  but again , thanks so much for the write up . 
  all that history of asmodeus and how he came to be the king of the hells was fascinating . 
  just checked . 
  showing up fine in pocket casts . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it display as greentext . 
  see [ our manual of style ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) for more advanced style and formatting options on this subreddit . 
   tengwar is more of a phonetic translation than a `` word for word '', 
  remember , tengwar is designed first and foremost for elvish languages . 
  for sindarin and quenya . 
  using tengwar to write english is a sort of hack , and compromises have to be made . 
  it * can * be used either in a phonetic way or in a letter-for-letter way , with english . 
  i personally prefer doing it phonetically , and the names you have here appear to be more of the phonetic sort , too . 
  but letter-for-letter is also possible . 
  it 's like how you * can * write korean using the roman alphabet . 
  but because of how difficult it is to translate the sounds across , there are actually multiple different competing ways of going about that . 
  ( for example , the korean car manufacturer hyundai would actually be better romanised as `` hyeondae '' , but even that can be difficult to understand for someone who does n't read korean and know it as '' \ud604\ub300 '' . ), 
   does it translate from tengwar to english as `` link-on '' or `` link-oln '' ? 
  tengwar does n't really have a representation of stress . 
  elvish tongues have their own rules for where stress lies in a word , but the script does n't represent this . 
  but all the correct sounds are there . 
  `` link-oln '' . 
  personally , if i read it and assumed it were a sindarin word , i 'd probably pronounce it `` link-oln '' , but that says more about sindarin than about tengwar in the english mode . 
  i 've never really understood the aversion some lefties have to spiral notebooks , since we have problems writing on the right pages , but righties will have problems with the left page . 
  but anyway , i usually write in , like , normal notebooks . 
  the type they hand out in school . 
  in fact , i still use books that i 've ... uhh ... `` obtained '' from my old highschool . 
   i 'm still a little perplexed as to why the alp would want to push for it now, 
  that 's simple . 
  they want to destabilise the lnp . 
  they know turnbull is a vocal republican , but most of his party are royalists . 
  he 's already on shaky grounds , and this will only further put questions into his party room 's mind as to whether he should be leader . 
  and the less stable the lnp is , the better labor 's chances at the next election . 
  it 's a little less than honourable , but looking at it from a political strategy point of view it 's actually quite an ingenious move . 
   the last thing i want is a system like the us . 
  if that 's the direction the vote might push us in , i would actually vote against it, 
  hear , hear !, 
  and this is why i think shorten is going about it in exactly the right way . 
  you could probably do without the first vote , but at the very least you need to choose a model first , and then let that sink in a little before letting people vote on the republican referendum . 
  i think even calling the new position a president would be a mistake . 
  direct election is too . 
  the governor general currently has a lot of power . 
  it 's only by convention that they do n't exercise it ( and because it would be an enormous constitutional crisis if they * did * -- see 1975 ) . 
  if the gg 's title changed to `` president '' , or they were directly elected , the position would immediately inherit the baggage associated with the president of the united states . 
  it would become politicised and naturally inclined to use those significant powers , even if it still had the same actual powers as today . 
  there 's nothing wrong with keeping the title governor general . 
  it 's not like the title is inherently monarchistic . 
  us states are lead by governors , and a governor general is just the natural title for a governor of the whole country . 
   it 's always had a bit of a whiff of an inner city stitch up, 
  you realise that `` inner city '' is the vast majority of our population , right ? 
  just the three largest cities are nearly 50 % of the population . 
  add in the next 10 or so cities and you 're over 70 % . 
  any inner city `` stitch up '' in australia is easily still the general australian opinion . 
  an 8k offer on a 12k item is a reasonable starting point for negotiation . 
  $ 80 on a $ 250 item is ridiculous . 
  one 's 2/3 the price , and the other is less than 1/3 . 
  i do n't understand . 
  turkeys are an indigenous australian animal . 
  why would they not belong ? 
  ... yeah ... like the comment chain above this says ... 
  i thought it was pretty obvious from context .
