  i do n't here august in there . 
  wait , really ? 
  britain was fighting japan at the same time as trying to defend from the germans ? 
  aside from how bizarre ( as in , not smart militarily ) that sounds , i guess you 're right , and that idea does n't hold up . 
  agreed , i find asian girls ( and also -- possible even more -- half-asians , half caucasians ) really attractive . 
  haha , i never even thought of that . 
  i 've lived in east asia for the most important part of my life ( moved to korea at 10 , then vietnam at 13 : i 'm now 18 ) , so when i say asian i 'm usually referring to that group . 
  it never even occurred to me to use asian in reference to subcontinentians before ( in a practical sense , i mean . 
  it has occurred to me many times that you would say subcontinentians are asian , just not necessarily the other way round . ) . 
  edit : i should specify , i 'm not from the uk , so i do n't answer that part of your question . 
  edit edit : then there 's also filipinos , who never get remember by most people . 
  i know a heap of them , and yet still forgot to mention them before ... 
  that 's an amazing quote to have gotten . 
  i so hope that it 's true . 
  thanks for this great information , too . 
  yeah , it definitely does , but i 'm going to choose to believe it , mainly because it 's so cool , and there 's no real harm in it . 
  cheers . 
  yeah , i only realised pads on the bass clarinet may be the problem a while after i first posted that last comment , hence the edit . 
  it was slightly awkward for me when i started playing saxophone , though clearly it 's easier to go from holes to pads than it is the other way . 
  and yeah about technical difficulties . 
  i ca n't tell you how many times my only reed has broken right before a concert . 
  sigh . 
  gee , thanks for that glowing assessment . 
  actually , the majority of asians i 've got to know are incredibly westernised . 
  your answer definitely does n't need that context to be wrong , though , because i did say `` possibly even more '' about people who are half asian , half caucasian . 
  i 'd like to know them , and i promise not to judge you for it . 
  ( or if i do , it will at least remain unsaid . ), 
  yeah true , i had forgotten that until someone else mentioned it . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm definitely very weird . 
  but i would n't say i 'm a dweeby nerd , no . 
  haha cool . 
  haha yeah , i know it 's not . 
  it 's just that for some reason some other people here seemed to be saying they were n't . 
  and i would n't think attraction to a particular race , or even type of person , is necessarily a fetish ( so yeah , attraction would be the correct word , rather than fetish ) , i would have thought that a fetish is more what you like doing . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , though . 
  haha awesome . 
  what country exactly is each half ( if you do n't mind saying ) ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm not a great speller and i can spell efficiently correctly . 
  perhaps that 's true in your area , but being a private university in general does n't mean it 's good , and public unis are definitely not necessarily bad . 
  in australia all the best unis are publicly funded . 
  the m is actually maths . 
  haha alright . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i know plenty and i can attest to this . 
  ^ ^ in ^ ^ rats ^ ^ bred ^ ^ for ^ ^ it , ^ ^ some ^ ^ if ^ ^ the ^ ^ time . 
  edit : bred not bread . 
  and 4chaners, 
  i very much doubt it has anything to do with la m\u00eame ( or , the same ) just because of its origin from dawkins as others have said . 
  a better explanation , just because of the reason dawkins chose `` meme '' as the word , is that it rhymes with gene . 
  cream is still equally accurate in any dialect/with any accent that i know of , though . 
  it 's because they may not look like it , but they actually have more learning difficulty than the original meme . 
  is a valid sentence only in dialects where the word buffalo can be used as a verb . 
  i played runescape up until the equivalent your middle school , but i actually introduced many people from my school to it , and often played with them . 
  i honestly can not get into an mmorpg that i do n't have a group of friends also playing . 
  i 've tried many times , but only the two times ( the other being flyff ) where friends from real life play the game have i actually succeeded in getting interested to the point i play regularly . 
  do not go back . 
  you wo n't recognise it as the same game . 
  i remember when rs 2 came out they swore they would n't have rs 3 until we played through tubes coming out of our heads . 
  oh god ... 
  thank for that . 
  are n't parentheses the same as brackets ? 
  ( i.e. , ( ) ) . 
  both . 
  the basement apartment that his mum shared . 
  it 's different with reddit in that respect , because you know you have some real thing in common . 
  ( or , rather , you are likely to have some things in common . ), 
  for example , you likely share similar views on politics and religion ( you may not both be atheists , but at the very least you 're sensible and moderate with your religion ) . 
  your senses of humour are probably at the very least compatible . 
  and you can tell the same inside jokes that actually are unique to reddit ( i 'm talking about stories that were shared on reddit , not memes which certainly are n't unique to reddit at all ) . 
  really ? 
  coos reddit does n't use it unless making fun of 9gag , who did actually ( at least when i stopped going there a few months ago ) use `` le '', 
  really ? 
  all my friends kinda understand what a meme is , enough that this would n't be a problem . 
  ( from 9gag , they think memes are image macros . ), 
  how do they force you to follow their rules ? 
  surely you own the house , they ca n't just kick you out ? 
  just refuse to be a part of them . 
  just the violin ? 
  have you ever heard a cello , or even better , seen a girl playing it ? 
  damn that 's a beautiful instrument , and can look so much more sensual being played . 
  i have a theory that your downvotes are because you ca n't really have an `` asian '' fetish . 
  that 's an attraction to a certain race , and not a fettish . 
  either that , or you were just being a douche . 
   this is n't a meme . 
  yet . 
  ftfy . 
  without extra context , the word harp purely by itself kinda implies , you know , a harp ? 
  as opposed to harmonica . 
  if it had the context of blues or something like that , it would be obviously the harmonica . 
  edit : just in relation to your first comment , though , it being an \u00e9p\u00e9e , that was also my first thought . 
  no , sabres do n't usually have curve ( that 's a scimitar ) , and to me it looks more like an \u00e9p\u00e9e . 
  sabres are much thinner-bladed , and are completely useless for stabbing . 
  the \u00e9p\u00e9e could be used for both stabbing and slashing , though in modern fencing , if i remember correctly ( it 's been too long since i 've fenced ... ) , they only stab . 
  haha have you actually been confused with the verb form ? 
  considering the word `` player '' is there too , i do n't see how that makes sense ... it 's clearly either a musical instrument or a sport , as far as i can tell . 
  do they have their own programme for writing the music in ? 
  if not , what programme are you using ? 
  just curious .
