  it 's short for penetration tester . 
  so your previous post was more or less accurate , except for the part about blackmailing companies . 
  i always took the goty editions of games as being the version that they would like to be considered for any goty awards . 
  no , you 're right . 
  it * can * mean that , and in the context you gave it would be perfectly acceptable . 
  however , the word i used was implication , a word i chose carefully . 
  dunno for sure , but he probably got called out on his real identity . 
  actually , apple nearly went out of business with almost the opposite tactic . 
  at the time , there were third parties making computers with mac os on them . 
  people do n't have an equal opportunity . 
  if you 're born into a wealthy family , your parents can pay for you to get into a good school , you will receive better medical care , there 's a good chance you 'll have a better diet ( though not necessarily ) . 
  you 'll be able to afford to go to university , and eventually get a better job . 
  if you 're born into a poorer family , you 'll probably go to a lower quality school ; if you get sick , it 'll cost your family a lot of money to get healthcare ; you might not be able to afford uni , and will instead go straight into the workforce , gaining a lower wage . 
  these are two different scenarios , where the only variable is the family that a person was born into . 
  they could be the same race , same sexual preference , same gender , have the same personal work ethic , but they end up in very different places in life . 
  sure , they both have the same * legal * rights , and it 's theoretically possible that some other factor could be at play to change things up , but they certainly did n't have the same opportunity to succeed in life . 
  yeah same in australia . 
  i 'm doing software engineering . 
  most of the degree concentrates on actual software stuff . 
  there 's some good breadth in there , too ( i had to do an `` intro to electrical engineering '' , as well as some basic materials engineering ) , but everything 's clearly oriented towards the relevant degree . 
  the us system has some merit , but personally i think that university should be about your degree primarily . 
  perhaps the highschool curriculum should be tougher if you want people to have a strong background in other areas . 
  university should give you an indepth knowledge of your chosen area of study , but with enough breadth that you can understand related areas , especially as you may have to interact with them in some capacity , and because they can help give a greater understanding of your own area of expertise . 
  true , but if it was for the opposite reason that the other guy said , that really puts a damper in his theory . 
   liv tyler is ... \\* * drool * \\*, 
  ftfy, 
   after sandy hook and aurora , i doubt we would have guns , or as close as possible to not having guns . 
  sounds like a good thing , to me . 
  but i agree with your point . 
  direct democracy is a terrible idea . 
  most people are n't educated enough in all the areas a government has to deal with , like economics , education , healthcare , etc. 
  to be able to make rational decisions . 
  what the us should do is introduce the stv voting system for the house and abolish the electoral college and use av ( aka instant runoff ) for president . 
  that would have a significant benefit and allow third parties to have some real say . 
  single transferable vote . 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't link , but there are lots of good videos explaining it on youtube . 
  there 's one in particular with john cleese that explains how it would work for the house of reps ( or , more specifically , the house of commons in the uk ) . 
  he chose to remove them , it would be unethical to not respect his wishes that they remain removed . 
  especially since it 's very likely that had he not removed them , he would 've lost his job . 
  / r/brisbane, 
  i must admit i was surprised that the picture was from brisbane and not sydney . 
  pretty sure it is . 
  south bank , brisbane , queensland . 
  it 's a really major area in brisbane ( australia 's third most populated city ) called south bank . 
  why it is n't more crowded i 'm not sure . 
  yeah , fuck sydney and melbourne with their daylight saving . 
  if it makes you feel better , this is brisbane , which is on eastern standard time , i.e. , utc +10 . 
  sydney and melbourne use eastern daylight time , which is utc +11 , so they actually had new years before this photo . 
  that 's not even mentioning new zealand , which ushered in the new year hours before even sydney and melbourne . 
  it 's south bank , brisbane . 
  on the bank of a river . 
  fresh water . 
  could you explain the joke for those of us who did n't get it ? 
  he has n't said that he * is n't * coming back for season 6 , if it happens . 
  but he has n't said he * would * , either . 
  he 'll be in 7 episodes , or something like that , for season 5 . 
  queensland might be the florida of australia , but that * excludes * brisbane itself . 
  you do n't have to go far to get that , toowoomba easily fits the bill , but brisbane is definitely not the same . 
  true , but i doubt you 'd get one going far enough to threaten you in south bank . 
  perhaps you need a refresher in how language works . 
  apple * has never * done anything . 
  using the word `` never '' is perfectly appropriate here , because he 's making a claim about what happened in the past . 
   * apps on the mac *, 
  he said that , and yet you tried to bring up the lisa , which is widely regarded as a failed product anyway , and then in your next comment you act as though * he * is the one trying to shift the argument . 
  he specifically said mac at the very beginning . 
  by the way , the default setting for gatekeeper is `` mac app store and identified developers '' . 
  it 's not ideal , but it 's a hell of a lot better than it being `` mac app store '' only . 
  i very much doubt you would make a similar complaint about android , and yet its default behaviour is to only accept apps from the play store . 
  changing the setting is just as easy on the mac as it is on android . 
  i 've seen per mille before , but a per ten thousand ? 
  damn , that 's cool . 
  apparently it 's called a [ basis point ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basis_point ) . 
   android follows the exact same walled garden architecture as iphone, 
  except it does n't . 
  if you want , it 's really easy to switch a button and be able to install anything you want . 
  on an iphone this can only be done by jailbreaking , which , along with a somewhat ambiguous legal status , voids your warranty . 
  what killed the lisa more than anything else was its price . 
  it cost almost $ 10,000 in nominal value , which is closer to $ 22,000 in today 's money . 
  no one wants to pay that much for a computer , especially when other computers like the apple ii and the ibm pc were available for much less . 
  ( edit : for reference , today , it 's impossible to spend that much on an apple computer . 
  a fully speced out mac pro costs $ 13,406.01 on the australian store , including a 27-inch display , and a wireless mouse and keyboard . 
  it 'll be even less than that on the us store . ), 
  microsoft 's surface rt is better compared to ipads and android tablets than to a desktop computer . 
  sure it takes the name `` windows '' , which could lead one to think of it as a typical desktop computer in a tablet form ( like the surface pro is ) , but it really is n't like that . 
  it 's a tablet in the way people usually think of tablets . 
  regarding `` never '' , you 're right , if there was a * current * example that disproved it , then the statement would be wrong . 
  i do n't know how exactly it happened ( the alcohol in my system -- happy new year , by the way -- ca n't have helped ) , but i misread your previous comment on this matter . 
  i thought you had said that the word `` never '' was incorrect in this context because they might do it in the future . 
  sorry about that one . 
  yeah , before i looked it up i thought it might be called a `` per decamille '' or something like that . 
  ah right , cheers . 
  forget that guy . 
  * you * are the devil . 
  something i 'd like to add , when i said `` av ( aka instant runoff ) '' , av stands for alternative vote , not approval voting . 
  i 've heard some proponents of approval voting try to use the initialism av , probably because it 's already well-known , so it gets a positive reaction from people . 
  av is the most basic form of preferential voting in a system where only one winner will be selected . 
  it 's the special case of stv where the number of candidates = 1 . 
  wait , amazon 's doing stuff like this ? 
  to elaborate on / u/massrabbler 's comment a little , the dns ( domain name server ) is what transfers the domain name of the website ( example google.com ) into the actual ip address ( e.g. 
  74.125.128.113 ) , which is how the internet actually works .
