  that scene is the ultimate frisson . 
  the super slow passacaglia and fugue in c minor by bach is just so deeply disturbing . 
  it 's \u00c9owyn . 
  and while the song was great , and the scene was great , i think what makes pippin 's song so great us how it 's sung over the scene of the riders riding to their deaths . 
  \u00c9owyn sings the lament over the actual funeral of th\u00e9odred . 
  someone should really submit [ this link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cunnilingus ) there . 
  ah thanks . 
  on mobile , so i did n't see the sidebar . 
  no he 's right . 
  bing has some sort of thing where they pay you a tiny amount to use it . 
  it 's us only , though , so if you live anywhere else in the world , tough luck . 
  got a uk-based source for this ? 
  remember the potter films were done in the uk . 
  i wish the dumbledoor 's actor had n't died . 
  the original one was so much better than the replacement . 
  and i wish john williams had n't stopped doing the music . 
  the music for all the movies post-3 was awful by comparison ( apart from 5 , which was pretty damn awesome ) . 
  so , side note , here , but in non-american english , it 's actually spelt mum , which is a little more in line with how it 's pronounced . 
  i want to know why you wrote none-christian not once , bit twice . 
  once could be a typo , but twice it seems like it 's just a misunderstanding of usage . 
  but anyway , the reason is probably that the subreddit is very quiet in general . 
  very little gets posted here . 
  and besides , what sort of christmassy stuff * could * be posted here ? 
  do people get presents that are likely to help them with ib ? 
  it 's hard to see what content could be relevant . 
  to be completely honest , beethoven 's a better fit for 19th century . 
  all of his most famous works were written in that century , including all symphonies ( apart from the first -- if you consider 1800 to be 18th century , since strictly speaking the new century begins with 1801 ) , piano concertos 3 and beyond , violin concerto , overtures coriolan , prometheus , and egmont , his opera , his middle and late quartets , most of the famous piano sonatas ( including waldstein , appassionata , hammerklavier , and moonlight ) , and his bagatelles ( including f\u00fcr elise ) . 
  while he certainly was the bridge between the two eras , i think it would be a massive disservice to classify him as a classical composer if forced to pick one of the two . 
  his eroica is often said to be the first example of romantic era music , and certainly very ma y of his pieces have a distinctly romantic feel to them , even if they lack some of the richer textures that can only be had by the larger orchestras of the mid and late romantic period . 
  tl ; dr , he 's the bridge , but if forced to pick either classical or romantic to group him under , i think romantic is a better fit . 
  edit : really , i think the only beethoven that i would put in a must listen which * is n't * from the 19th century , would be his path\u00e9tique sonata , and even that has some pretty heavily romantic styles to it , especially in the first movement . 
  right , i get what you mean , and you 're right about that . 
  it 's just that the word you 're looking for is non-christian , not none - . 
  yeah , it 's easiest to remember it this way . 
  1 is 1.6 , which means 10 is 16 . 
  halve that to get 5 is 8 . 
  add those numbers and multiples of them , easy . 
  seriously . 
  it takes me two hours in australia , including transport , and that 's because i choose to vote at a polling station half way across the city , and i ride my bike there . 
  the actual voting is like 10 minutes of that -- even when i have to number every candidate from 1 to 82 or whatever it was . 
  fellow pc gamer here . 
  while i regret not being able to actually play the game , i watched it on youtube , and it was still a beautiful experience . 
  found a good play through that did n't talk all through it , and edited it to remove repeated deaths etc. , and it was like a tv show or movie , and a really good one , too . 
  the story is so good that even without having the gameplay , the story holds up completely on its own . 
  i agree completely . 
  i 've heard that it also has incredible gameplay , and it definitely * looks * like the gameplay us pretty damn fun , but the story on its own is so great that watching a good play through is an incredible experience , and a worthy substitute for those without consoles . 
  hahaha it 's a rather fine point . 
  no , 1800 is not part of the 1700s , but it * is * a part of the 18th century . 
  the reason is that there is no `` year zero '' , our calendar system starts at one . 
  thus , the first century was from 1 to 100 . 
  century 2 was from 101 ad to 200 ad . 
  and so on . 
  similarly , the 90s is from 1st january 1990 til 31st december 1999 , because `` the ninetees '' is defined by years beginning with ' 9 , but the millennium , strictly speaking , did n't end until december 2000 . 
  of course , it 's all just a technicality that no one is really going to bother with outside of very rare occasions , like around new years at the end of a century , and the year before ( it came up in late 1999 , and again in late 2000 , and i also heard it a bit in late 2009 and 2010 ) . 
  and even then it 's only brought up mainly as random trivia . 
  yeah i agree with the other guy . 
  i have n't played it , so i ca n't really comment on how it compares to playing through it ( though i thought the gameplay * looked * pretty cool ) , but i absolutely loved it as a movie on youtube . 
  just make sure you find one without talking , preferably with multiple repeats of the same section edited out . 
  regarding ( 1 ) , was n't there that pair with the young kid ? 
  the one that ended up getting sick and having to be shot ? 
  and regarding ( 2 ) , i do n't think it 's hard to believe that the climate changed . 
  the game starts in modern times , and then skips what , 15 years or so ? 
  given how climate change is affecting the world today , combined with the effects of the spores -- the visual design of the game always made it seem to me that somehow the spores could be related to higher temperatures -- and i do n't think temperatures of over 10 degrees is entirely unreasonable . 
  besides , did that scene actually occur in winter ? 
  maybe it did , i do n't recall , but if it did n't , could n't they be migratory ? 
  i 'm sure that the area must get temperatures that are usually well over 10 degrees in summer . 
  i have a story about this . 
  when i was about 10 , i got hired to be in a film student 's movie . 
  got paid $ 200 for it . 
  i was one of the lead characters , but i only had one line of dialogue . 
  i had to say the russian word for `` rose '' , which is `` rosa '' with a rolled r. i ca n't toll my rs for shit , so i buggered up my only line in the film . 
  grab a copy of sibelius . 
  you can write in concert pitch and have it come out in the written pitch for the instrument . 
  just make sure it take a look at the written pitch for difficult intervals , for example frequent breaks between registers on wind instruments ( e.g. 
  a -  b on the clarinet ) . 
  i 'm not surprised at all . 
  i do n't know why it is , but i 've found very few non-americans who rate gump very highly at all , while in america it 's apparently the best thing since sliced bread . 
  i 've always found it really dull , to be honest , but hey , people like what they 'll like . 
  urgh no . 
  just no . 
  i 'm not a fan of the movie in general , but i get that a lot of people do enjoy it . 
  but the music ? 
  no , it 's just terrible . 
  my first introduction to the movie at all was through its soundtrack . 
  we were playing some of its ost in orchestra . 
  it 's just painfully repetitive , to the point of being obnoxious . 
  the use of popular music is pretty good , though . 
   i wash my mouth after brushing, 
  i 'm not a dentist , but i 've heard this is a bad idea . 
  leaving the toothpaste in your mouth for longer helps it protect your teeth for longer . 
  besides , it lets you keep that delicious fresh taste in your mouth longer . 
  what annoys me is that often the only indication it 's a homebrew at all -- as opposed to just something obscure from some dragon magazine you have n't read -- is in the `` categories '' or whatever at the very bottom . 
  `` i throw wrong , your honour '', 
  wait , i think i did that wrong . 
  wow , and there i was thinking it had something to do with my awesome * abs , and how i use them . 
  \\* may not actually be even a little bit awesome . 
  as an australian , how do we say jeff that makes our accent noteworthy here ? 
  as far as i can tell , it sounds pretty similar to any english or american accent . 
  though now that i think about it , the kiwi accent would pronounce it something like gif ( i.e. , with a soft j ) or possibly juff . 
  it 's one letter away from gin .
