  it makes things more complicated at the expense of playability . 
  [ this episode ] ( http://peachesandhotsauce.com/podcasts/20-heart-breakers ) of the fantastic roleplaying podcast critical success deals with the idea . 
  a great place to start with it is the [ hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) , it has a bunch of the best stories that have been shared on the subreddit . 
  some of the longer ones are * really * long , but trust me , they 're totally worth it . 
  you may want to read them gradually over the course of a few days or so . 
  there 's also the fact that 1st level 4e characters feel about equal to 3rd level 5e characters . 
  it 's just a matter of levels scaling differently in 4e , so they 've created a system designed to balance that out . 
  how do you define `` classic '' - style spyro ? 
  because to me , the classic spyro is the first three games : the playstation exclusive games developed by insomniac ; and this definitely does n't look like it comes from spyro 3 . 
  not oliver 's fault , it 's the producers or the distributors or someone else up the chain that makes that decision . 
  as an australian ( we already use av in our lower house ) i just wan na say that av is a great system , light years ahead of fptp . 
  but it is n't perfect , and honestly if you 're going to the effort of changing your system , it would probably be better to go all the way and change to an even better system . 
  stv is voted for in the same way as av , numbering candidates in order of preference , but it produces a much more proportional result . 
  [ here 's the cgpgrey video on it ] ( https://youtu.be/l8xozjkozfi ) , and [ here 's a video of john cleese explaining how it would work to convert from a typical single-seat lower house ] ( https://youtu.be/nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  there are actually a bunch of slightly different variations on stv to do with the minutiae of the maths * , but as you say , computers do the work . 
  ( in australia , the software that does it is currently a proprietary secret , though there 's a movement underway to get it publicly released so it can be independently audited . ), 
  but in general , yes , it 's some sort of fractional system . 
  [ grey explains it a little further here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac9070oimug ) , but he avoids getting into the mathematical minutiae . 
  \\* worth noting , the typical system is actually that the quota is [ number of votes ] / ( [ number of seats ] + 1 ) + 1 , for [ complicated maths reasons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/droop_quota ) , though the [ number of votes ] / [ number of seats ] explanation used by grey does exist . 
  ( grey himself used this method only because it 's easier to explain in a quick video . ), 
   you just need to make there be more deadly/powerful saves against these other less well looked upon scores, 
  i agree , and wizards needs to get on this . 
  make more monsters that target the weaker saves , and more spells that do , as well . 
  but for now , we have to work with what we 've got , and what we 've got is a clear delineation between the `` strong '' saves of wisdom , dexterity , constitution , and the `` weak '' saves of strength , intelligence , and charisma . 
  i think the problem here lies not in gaining advantage through flanking , but in the ability to circle around enemies so easily . 
  the flanking rule is realistic , and it makes perfect sense . 
  if you 've got to fight people on opposite sides of you , you sure as hell are going to have a way harder time blocking and avoiding their blows , so it makes sense that they would have advantage . 
  but in 5e , you can literally run circrles around an opponent using your full movement speed , and yet somehow they never get an opportunity attack for you doing that . 
  but just sliding back 5 feet somehow * does * grant an oa . 
  * that * is what does n't make sense , and it makes getting into position for flanking way easier than it would otherwise be . 
  how does your group do stacking advantage and disadvantage ? 
  for example , as a caster who is not particularly cautious , i often accidentally get myself into melee . 
  but to avoid disadvantage on my attacks , i 'll move to flank an enemy . 
  using the official rules , the advantage for flanking and disadvantage for a ranged attack from melee cancel out . 
  easy . 
  but if you stacked them ... do you just roll thrice and take the middle ? 
  my group uses them , because it 's a really easy mechanic to use that does n't slow the game down at all , but it makes things way more realistic . 
  a good dm should have more intelligent creatures take measures to avoid being flanked . 
  working in groups they can line up next to each other or use terrain . 
  and heck , enemies can use the rules to their advantage , too , by flanking the pcs . 
  i want a photo of the map that 's included in it . 
  can be a shitty low-res photo from a mobile phone , i just wan na see vaguely what sort of detail it has . 
  i dunno about favoured soul , but i would n't be surprised if the storm sorcerer is made official . 
  we know the swashbuckler rogue from the same ua article is getting made official , so it seems likely that the sorcerer archetype from that article might , too . 
  is there any chance that people you already know in real life might be interested in playing the game if you were to start a group for them ? 
  unfortunately , as far as i 'm aware , there 's not as much of a roleplaying community here in aus as there is in the us . 
  americans can go to their `` friendly local gaming store '' and play a game with strangers . 
  but at least here in brissy , the only games played in-store seem to be magic and warhammer . 
  no roleplaying . 
  i like it from a game mechanic perspective , because it makes things run much more smoothly than otherwise . 
  but i do n't find it very realistic . 
  if you 're moving your entire speed , i just do n't believe that you could be keeping your guard up the entire time enough to not provoke oa . 
  but whatever , i find it a worthwhile sacrifice in realism for a bit more fluid gameplay . 
  my group also houserules back in `` sliding '' , so if you want to , you can spend all your movement to just move 5 feet and get out of melee range without provoking an oa . 
  this is awesome . 
  mods , can we get this set ? 
  well , disengage involves using an action or bonus action ( if you 're a rogue ) , and allows you to move your full movement . 
  we allow sliding only if you do n't move * at all * otherwise in your turn . 
  it costs you your full movement . 
  so you have n't gotten very far away , and enemies can easily get back into melee with you . 
  basically it 's the same as 4e 's `` slide '' movement action . 
  it 's important to note that if they do include it , it wo n't necessarily be ( in fact , it probably * wo n't * be ) identical to the one included in the ua article . 
  most likely they 'll take whatever feedback they got from that article and use that to create a more well-balanced version for the final release . 
  so if your reason for disliking it was that it was overpowered , or underpowered , then that 's probably not a great reason to hope it is n't included in the upcoming version , because it may be fixed . 
  if your reason for disliking it is thematic , well , that 's a different issue . 
  when i was in highschool , we were told neutrinos have no mass , but the 2015 nobel prize in physics was awarded to a team that discovered otherwise . 
  who 's to say that somewhere down the line , we might not also discover photons have some near-infinitesimally small mass ? 
  i do not think that phrase means what you think it means . 
  they 're in the midst of trying to rework the ranger from the ground up , and they do n't know exactly how it will end up looking . 
  so i doubt there 'll be anything new for rangers until they 're done with that . 
  while true in the general sense , op 's example `` who/whom are you goes to the movies with '' sounds awkward as fuck , and it 's one case where rearranging to not end in a preposition would be a good thing . 
  it also makes the who/whom question easier to answer , since questions of the form `` with who ( m ) '' are should nearly always use `` whom '' . 
  short term memory . 
   spells need one hand to use the arcane focus and or the somatic component , so i figured 2h weapon might be an issue there, 
  nope !, 
  you only need one hand free to cast spells , and you can hold a two-handed weapon in one hand while you 're not actually attacking with it . 
  can we get a quick photo of the map ? 
  does n't need to be super good quality , i 'm just curious what sort of detail it has . 
  i was expecting some sort of reference to him creating a vacuum by moving so fast all the air ca n't keep up , and then gets sucked in to fill the gap , or some weird thing like that . 
  this certainly is an interesting idea . 
  i very much doubt it 's well balanced though , and it causes a lot of classes to lose their uniqueness . 
  sorcerers , typically , are special because they have a very limited range of spells that they know and are able to cast , but they can * always * cast these spells , and can alter them in interesting ways through metamagic . 
  wizards are meant to be the most versatile , having a huge array of spells to choose from . 
  in this , they are weakened by virtue of the fact that everyone else also is able to choose from all the spells . 
  warlocks are interesting in that they have a much more limited number of spells they can cast before they need to refresh , but ( a ) all those spells are always at the highest level , and ( b ) they refresh on a short rest . 
  this method loses all of those aspects of uniqueness . 
  it 's a very interesting first attempt , but i think these are the sorts of things you need to think about , in addition to maintaining a mechanical balance in terms of average spell output ( which , as i said , i doubt this does a good job of -- but i do n't know how to work it out for myself ) . 
  you should also , at the very least , * specifically * call out that spellcasting rolls are separate from ability checks , and do not benefit from expertise , guidance , bardic inspiration , etc. 
   also provides a new feat `` svirfneblin magic '', 
  is this a new feat with the same name , or a rehashing of what 's already available from the elemental evil player 's companion ? 
  op said elsewhere that the storm sorcerer has n't changed much since the beta version . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i guess it 's going to be up to homebrewers to come up with aasimar equivalents to all the new tiefling options . 
  yeah , it 's shit like this that makes me feel no shame at all in pirating their material . 
  i have every single book from 4e in pdf form , and i do n't own a single paper copy . 
  i 've bought the 3 core books for 5e , the starter set , and the dm screen . 
  i 'll probably also buy scag . 
  but that 's got nothing to do with wanting to support wizards , so much as the fact that it 's way more convenient to have a physical copy than to try and deal with ocred pdfs . 
  because god knows i have no interest in support wizards with their drastically outdated business practices . 
  either works .
