  if she were portrayed as bi or lesbian from the beginning , that would be totally fine . 
  i would n't have a problem with it . 
  however , we have not seen any evidence yet that she us anything other than straight , and to throw that on us without a proper story arc would be absolutely terrible story telling . 
  ftfy, 
  i 've not played the most recent tomb raider , but what i 've heard of it leads me to believe the protagonist would n't be described as flawless . 
  i 'll just add another to the list of flawed protagonists : the last of us . 
  iguana ? 
  nah , to be honest i think i could probably go life without saying that if i wanted . 
  but we were * fixing it * before abbott came in and actually decided to undo it . 
  [ currently residing at the university of queensland ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/3712759567.png ) . 
  yup . 
  the previous government had implemented a national broadband network that was in the process of being built . 
  it would have brought fibre to the premises to over 90 % of australians . 
  the liberal government has come in and is going through the extra expense to stop that , renegotiate contracts , and will build fibre to the node . 
  it 's cheaper in the short run than what labor was doing , but because of maintenance costs etc. , it 'll end up being more expensive anyway . 
  but they 're doing it anyway , because fuck progress . 
  ( we 're also one of the only countries in the world going backwards on climate action , but that 's another issue entirely ... ), 
  yup . 
  i actually just brought that up in a response to / u/bonetwizt . 
  the current government is just totally backwards . 
  i 'm not going to say yes or no . 
  i 'm just going to say , holy fuck that was a non-sequitur and a half . 
  i agree with you , except for your use of the word `` archaic '' . 
  it 's not archaic , it 's still the way the word is pronounced in most of the english speaking world . 
  that last comment was from a different guy than the one you were previously arguing with . 
  hence the '' ( not ) '' . 
  i checked the timestamps before repyling . 
  his comment was posted at 02:57:33 , yours was at 03:02:23 . 
  almost 5 minutes later . 
  he did n't edit it in after your reply . 
  i 'm just curious , are you at the school that used to be known as international school of busan ? 
  ( i think it 's called the busan international foreign school , now . ), 
  holy run on sentence , batman !, 
  outside of america , the term liberal usually refers to the economic scale , not the social one as it does in the us . 
  the liberal party in australia is thus our main right wing party , with labor ( spelt for some reason the american way ) is our left wing party . 
  i do n't follow . 
  do you mean no that 's * not * my school ? 
  or are you saying that is the school or teach at ? 
  liberal outside of north america usually refers to economics , not social policy . 
  the liberal party here is ( nominally ) interested in the free market above anything else . 
  in reality they 're more in favour of big business . 
  the liberal party is our right wing party , with labor being the major left wing party . 
  youtube already can do this . 
  the copyright holder has a number of options of their content is detected . 
  they can mute . 
  they can take the video down entirely . 
  they can place ads on the video and get revenue . 
  or they can do nothing at all . 
  i believe that in these last two options , they can also place a little icon to buy the song on itunes or google play . 
  i dunno , what ? 
  well you 've just killed a baby , so i 'm gon na go with yes . 
  you obviously have n't seen the flautists in my orchestra . 
  to be honest , i thought that particular point was pretty dumb . 
  everyone knows that if you 're overweight you 're not going to run very well , but who the fuck does he think he is `` you are * probably * over weight '' ? 
  he does n't know me , or you , or anyone else on here . 
  according to [ this chart ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/livewell/healthy-living/pages/height-weight-chart.aspx ) i 'm right on the border between `` healthy weight '' and `` under weight '' . 
  and i reckon many amateur long-term running enthusiasts are probably in roughly the same boat . 
  i had problems with the whole post , but that point was particularly bad . 
  to be fair , the dnd style of hand-drawn maps that / u/nobody871 is talking about are based off of tolkien 's hand-drawn maps . 
  need high will to not die of terror . 
  what 's this from ? 
  uhh ... 
  i 'm not american , and i use it that way ... 
  but yeah , if a is based on b , then b must have come before a , by definition . 
  who 's biting light bulbs ? 
  [ light bulbs can be made out of leds ] ( http://www.philips.com.au/c-m-li/led-light-bulbs/ ) . 
  air asia is a super cheap international airline that 's also based out of malaysia . 
  malaysian air would n't be filling a new niche if they went super cheap . 
   the article discussed that it would remove the powers of the governor general, 
  right , but the article did n't explain why that is . 
  our head of state is n't the queen of the united kingdom , she 's the queen of australia , who just happens to be the same person . 
  it 's a similar situation to how if scotland becomes independent , they may choose to have their own monarch , who also just happens to be the same person as the queen of britain . 
   the governor general gets their authority as a representative of the uk, 
  as far as i 'm aware , that 's not true . 
  the governor general is a representative of the monarch of australia . 
  this article fails to explain why , then , a change in the crown of the uk would result in a change in the crown of australia . 
  and we 'll probably be getting a lot of the fire nation next season , if the trend continues . 
  you just double posted ... 20 minutes apart . 
  so excited for the sequel . 
  which picture is that ? 
  you do n't have to apply for ib . 
  it must be a policy your school has implemented . 
  edit : and i would be very surprised if any serious institution that wants a book review/analysis would accept comics ( whether they be manga or western ) . 
  there 's a very big difference between the two . 
  that asterisk may come into play sooner than you think . 
  now that explains it . 
  thanks . 
  makes me wonder what would happen to all those people with uk passports ... 
  i usually use a single low-level reso . 
  easier to recharge . 
  is boardwalk the us equivalent of mayfair ? 
  two dice . 
  one die , two dice . 
  yes i know what mayfair is . 
  the uk version is the one i grew up playing ( since i do n't think my country 's version existed at the time ) . 
  i 'm wondering if boardwalk is the us property in the same location/same value . 
  just an fyi , 500 ml is the quantity you usually see in asia , too . 
  source : lived in asia for 8 years . 
  ... but for clever people !, 
  pluto also fails number 2 , for what it 's worth .
