  fan service , pure and simple . 
  ah well . 
  since we 're speaking of blocking the energy beam , you know what i do n't get ? 
  why did n't they just earthbend a massive bit of rock * inside * the cannon ? 
  block it off , and cause it to explode when it gets fired . 
   ( at least at our school ) they were kept in a separate safe and were taken out of the plastic covers in class to ensure that they were n't tampered with, 
  yup this was exactly how my school did it . 
  they folders were opened in the exam hall after all the students had sat down . 
  git may not be god 's gift to programmers , but version control as a whole basically is . 
  the post kinda implied it , but more importantly , op specifically stated a few hours ago that his boss does n't use * any * version control . 
   two pinned tabs and two active tabs, 
  you 're a fairly light user , at least if that 's what you 'd consider your typical use . 
  i currently have three windows open . 
  one with 16 tabs , one with 7 , and one with 2 . 
  particularly with the two current `` active '' windows ( the one with 2 is just for things i want to keep open for a long time before i get around to addressing them ) , i regularly end up having so many that i ca n't fully read the titles . 
  but anyway , count of wasted pixels is n't a verify useful metric . 
  more useful would be how much on-screen content you can see . 
  considering most sites are designed to adapt well to more or less horizontal space , but just show less stuff if the vertical space decreases , there 's more value in increasing vertical real estate than there is in horizontal space . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'm glad / u/justanotherbiomajor spelt it out so clearly . 
  i missed the joke originally . 
  [ i actually looked this up recently , because i became interested in it from a different reddit thread ] ( / r/funny/comments / 2pjoun/a _ psa_from_50 / cmxl36o?context = 3 ) . 
  the important information is this :, 
   originally , his surname was pronounced / \u02c8ko\u028alb\u0259rt / in english ; stephen colbert 's father , james , wanted to pronounce the name / ko\u028al\u02c8b\u025b\u0259r / , but maintained the / \u02c8ko\u028alb\u0259rt / pronunciation out of respect for his own father . 
  he offered his children the option to pronounce the name whichever way they preferred . 
  stephen started using / ko\u028al\u02c8b\u025b\u0259r / later in life when he transferred to northwestern university , taking advantage of the opportunity to reinvent himself in a new place where no one knew him, 
  note that / \u02c8ko\u028alb\u0259rt / is ipa for ( approximately ) col-bert , and ko\u028al\u02c8b\u025b\u0259r / is col-bear . 
  agents of shield , really ? 
  i have n't watched it since i heard nothing but bad things about it when it first came out . 
  as far as comic-based shows , though , arrow and the flash are bloody brilliant . 
  not sure i 'd say they 're shows that anyone would be `` missing out '' on if they did n't see , in the same way i would for the simpsons , but that 's more to do with how wide-spread the simpsons is in society . 
  it 'd be like not seeing star wars . 
  sure , one flew over the cuckoos nest is inarguably a better film overall , but as far as cultural * impact * on society , you 're missing more if you have n't seen star wars . 
   agents of shield has taken a serious turn toward being great . 
  stick with it through , unfortunately , 10 episodes and you 'll start seeing the payoff . 
  this year has been big for shield , they are starting to do things that will impact future movies rather than just reverberating what the movies have already done . 
  i think the way things are going in the show are a comic book fan 's dream . 
  hmm ... 
  i guess i 'll have to catch up on it before avengers 2 comes out , then . 
   i 've heard arrow is pretty good , but i 've been told by good friends of mine that the flash is shitty . 
  i 'll give it a shot but flash has never been one of my favorites . 
  haha that 's interesting . 
  i 've actually found season 3 of arrow less engaging than season 1 of the flash ( these two seasons are airing simultaneously ) . 
  and i 've never thought that flash could be a particularly interesting character . 
   can we agree that gotham is garbage ? 
  i 've never actually watched it . 
  i kinda liked the idea of the premise , but when i found out that major batman villains would be appearing i was really turned off . 
  from my understanding , most of them should only have started operating because of batman , so it makes no sense for them to be around when bruce is a kid . 
   in my head cannon, 
  at least the creators have n't pandered to the fanbase [ and actually strongly hinted that the gay relationship is canon . 
  ] ( / s ) that 's what just happened in the legend of korra . 
  absolutely no indications of it for three seasons , then [ some really minor hints throughout the fourth season , and a rushed pseudo-romantic ending that you just know was made to please all the fucking shippers insistent on pushing two good friends into a lesbian relationship . 
  edit : spoiler tags . 
  yeah i ca n't remember seeing any significant amount of cringe worthy apple fanboyism since like 2009 . 
  but oh god , i despise the android community . 
  i 'm typing this on my nexus 4 , which i love , but the amount of apple bashing that goes on in the android community ( and also in the pc community ) is just disgraceful . 
   i also vastly prefer the unix terminal to the windows command line . 
  oh god this . 
  i use both windows and os x regularly ( mac laptop , windows desktop ) , but trying to use the fucking windows command line feels like trying to hammer a nail with my own head . 
  i fucking love the * nix environment for this stuff , though . 
  exactly this . 
  i have a lens with the exact specs you mentioned as the budget example . 
  i absolutely adore it , but i enjoy sports photography , and it 's impossible to get nice shots with it because it 's too damn slow . 
  does n't help that the lens is also physically slow -- takes like 5 seconds to get the focus right . 
  a point and shoot or phone camera will be even worse , not to mention they wo n't ever be able to get that 300 mm equivalent zoom that i get ( because of my camera 's 1.5 x crop sensor ) without digitally zooming and losing quality . 
  photography is one art form where there is a very clear and distinct aspect of `` you get what you pay for '' . 
  this exactly . 
  i frequently cycle to get from a to b , and i always try to stay off the road when i can . 
  but anyone who 's advocating that cyclists that are training in a pack should stay off the road is just mad . 
   i do n't know what you 're referencing here . 
  i 'm guessing that godfather 3 ( which i guess is regarded as a bad film -- i have n't seen it ) was given 3.5 / 4 by some guy called ebert . 
  gamers have complained when reviewers have given bad games good reviews , and claimed it could be due to bribery or unethical practises . 
  but when gf3 had the same situation , nobody made the same accusations . 
  just guessing from context , here . 
   personally i think you 've failed on the ` simple ' aspect . 
  seriously . 
  this is not simple . 
  know what 's simple ? 
  how 4e or 5e would do this . 
  with a single acrobatics or athletics check . 
  just wan na point out that he did n't write it to be a bullet point . 
  by default , reddit 's syntax turns a line starting with '' - '' into an unordered list . 
  since most people do n't expect this ( they know about it doing that with asterisks , but not hyphens ) , they do n't escape the character . 
  this season of arrow has had a fair few subtle chuck references . 
  the first time we see brandon routh , felicity is working in a store very similar to buy more , as the equivalent to a nerd herder . 
  and in felicity 's origin episode , she mentioned she played the game that chuck mentions in the very first episode , that he uses to unlock the intersect for the first time . 
  i just think of it as a sort of bleeding effect . 
  like what assassin 's creed was doing with the animus before they went and ruined the franchise by becoming stealth cod . 
  first of all , sorry so much . 
  i hate when people spoil stuff for me , i really should have been more careful . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't easily see the sidebar . 
  what 's the spoiler syntax in this subreddit ? 
  i 'll edit the comment . 
  second of all , i vehemently disagree . 
  any hints you thought you saw in seasons 1 & 2 are entirely what you 've read into it , it definitely was n't planned . 
  season 3 , perhaps , but i do n't really remember much of it . 
  certainly , it was n't a part of their original plan , and they only did it to appease all the fans who were going on and on about it . 
  yeah really sorry about that . 
  i hate when people spoil stuff for me , i really should have been more careful . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't easily see the sidebar . 
  what 's the spoiler syntax in this subreddit ?
