  uh huh . 
  enemy submarines could be literally anywhere and you 've no idea where ? 
  oh , and you 've got a fucking nuclear reactor on board , too . 
  i think i 'll give that a pass . 
  there 's a correlation between a lot of different ... shall we say ... deficiencies , and believing in the mandela effect as anything other than a sociological phenomenon . 
  i played a megagame a little while back where we did this . 
  purely political marriages with other teams for the bonuses it gave . 
  i briefly became the god king because my spouse 's house caused a political coup , but he was then assassinated , and if that happens and you 're married , your spouse gets the role . 
  i also look forward to the inevitable / r/dndgreentext tale where * chaos bolt * kills an entire army of minions . 
  from the way it 's worded , i think you get to choose between the two at least , if they 're not the same . 
  you do n't pick a die that counts as the damage type before rolling . 
  chromatic orb lets you choose completely , and does 3d8 and scales with 1d8 . 
  this does 2d8 and scales 1d6 , and you choose between two randomly rolled damage types instead of free choice . 
  that * seems * an awful lot of trade off for the 1/8 chance of hitting a second target . 
  yeah it 's exactly 1/8 chance to roll and double . 
  you roll the first die and it does n't matter what it comes up with . 
  then the second die has to land on the same number . 
  ** and wizards get access to some healing !, 
  it 's the equivalent of a wizard , sorcerer , etc. 
  's basic spell option . 
  a simple 1d10 attack with no substantial extra effects . 
   i assume the 25 gp of silver powder needs to be consumed by the spell, 
  yeah i agree . 
  i do n't like how easily spammable this is if it does n't have the cost . 
  particularly for the holy water and alignment options . 
  but i might say the cost can be replaced with rings worth a total of 25 gp in the case of the marriage option , a holy symbol worth that for conversion , and maybe something else for coming of age . 
  to start the conversation off , i have a few questions i 'd like to see discussed . 
  what do you think of the balance of * chaos bolt * ? 
  scaling with 1d6 instead of 1d8 ? 
  how would you feel about ( a ) allowing it to be 1d8 , but predetermining only two of the dice to count towards targeting additional targets , or ( b ) allowing it to be 1d8 , and allowing * any two * to count towards an additional target ? 
  to start the conversation off , i have a few questions i 'd like to see discussed . 
  what do you think about the non-consumed component of * ceremony * ? 
  is the spammability of creating holy water , or trying to fix someone 's alignment over and over again until you succeed a problem , or not ? 
  what would you think about making the component `` consumed '' by the spell , but changing it based on exactly which type is used . 
  rings worth a combined 25 gp for marriage , a holy symbol worth that for dedication , maybe some cultural symbol associated with coming of age for that option . 
  to start the conversation off , i have a few questions i 'd like to see discussed . 
  * healing elixir * requires `` alchemist 's supplies '' as a material component . 
  they do not , however , specify a particular material cost . 
  this means that a spellcasting focus could bypass the requirement . 
  what do you think about saying the supplies must be worth some particular amount ( probably 50 gp , since that 's the listed cost in phb pg . 
  154 ) , to force the user into actually using `` alchemist 's supplies '' to cast the spell ? 
  * guiding hand * seems to be able to completely bypass a lot of possibly exploration-based challenges . 
  finding a long-lost temple ( but which was mapped in ages past ) , finding your way to an enemy 's camp ( the enemy knows where it is , but you would n't otherwise ) . 
  in my current campaign , we had a whole session where my players were wandering in the desert trying to find their way somewhere . 
  they * had * a map , but because they were travelling in a largely featureless desert , navigating by the stars , they got lost and ended up travelling longer than expected , and nearly ran out of resources . 
  it was a really fun session , but this spell would have completely undone that . 
  someone in the / r/dndnext thread noted that it could be used to bypass most of the lost mine of phandelver , by finding the mine straight away , since you know gundren had a map to the mine . 
  personally , i plan on immediately removing the spell 's status as `` ritual '' , but i 'm going to allow it as-is otherwise . 
  but i 'll be interested to see what other people think of it , and how they end up using it . 
  i 'm expecting a lot of people will ignore ( either deliberately or through lack of detailed reading of the spell ) the requirement to make a second or subsequent * attack * roll after each bounce . 
  odds are still * really * against it happening , but they 're a lot higher than if you played it as written . 
  ah , the old theseus 's party paradox . 
  personally , i think it depends on the nature of the party . 
  if they 're an '' & nbsp ; adventuring & nbsp ; party \u2122 & nbsp ; '' that takes contracts to go do stuff , or they 're organised together for the purpose of adventuring -- basically , if they 're a group primarily because they intend to be a group of adventurers -- then i would say it 's still the same party no matter how the members change . 
  like a sports team , a guild , or a mercenary company is still the same group even as members rotate in and out . 
  on the other hand , if they 're a party that was thrust together by fate in order to complete a particular quest -- for example , to save their village from raiding orcs , to save their kingdom from a neighbouring one without time to alert the king , or to save the * world * from an invasion of devils -- then i would say that the question is pretty much moot , because it does n't * matter * . 
  they 're not a `` group '' in the way a sporting team is , they 're just a bunch of people trying to do a thing . 
  i think the reason that they made it 1d6 is to remove ambiguity . 
  if it was 1d8 , people might wonder whether or not to do it following option ( a ) or ( b ) from my original comment . 
  changing it to 1d6 removes the ambiguity completely , but unfortunately also has the effect of depowering it a little . 
  ( or a lot , compared to option b. ), 
  * zephyr strike * says you get advantage on an attack roll, 
   the first time you make a weapon, 
  attack on your turn before the spell ends, 
  do you think this is the first attack * each turn * , or the first attack * for the duration of the spell * ? 
  personally , i lean towards it being only once for the duration of the spell , but the wording is certainly very ambiguous . 
  * zephyr strike * is worded in a very ambiguous way . 
  there 's been a lot of debate within this comment thread over how it 's meant to work , and i expect to see more debate to come . 
  the advantage and extra movement speed might only happen * once * for the * duration * of the spell , as opposed to being every turn for the duration . 
  the only thing that is unambiguously for the entire duration is not provoking opportunity attacks . 
   alignment is descriptive , not prescriptive, 
  this is my belief in general , but there * are * some effects which forcibly change one 's alignment , and when that happens , you kind of * have * to treat it as at least a little bit prescriptive , otherwise the change is meaningless . 
  travelling to the hells , being turned into a vampire , or some magic items , for example . 
  this spell is intended for these sorts of cases . 
  99 % of the time , alignment exists only to be a convenient generality in terms of how to describe someone . 
  this spell exists to cover that 1 % . 
   not once forever, 
  no , it 's * definitely * once forever . 
  it says, 
   a creature can benefit from this ceremony just once . 
  it is the entire * ceremony * of marriage that they can only benefit from once . 
  the problem i have with it is that the material cost is not expended . 
  this means you can just cast the thing over and over again until you succeed . 
  my plan is to change it so that the cost * is * expended , making there some cost to failure . 
  at first level , a cleric probably has +5 or +6 ( including proficiency ) , giving them a roughly 25 % chance of success . 
  but give them 8 hours and they have a 90 % chance of success if they can just cast it over and over again . 
  i would n't call your interpretation odd at all . 
  it 's not quite the one i 'm leaning towards , but it 's one of the two obvious options . 
  i 'm not familiar with drivethrurpg , but dm 's guild really * does n't * have much in the way of quality control . 
  comments and feedback are kinda hidden out of the way where you have to really go searching for them , and lacking the in-depth threaded conversational mechanism that reddit has means it 's harder to have detailed conversations about different aspects . 
  i would allow virtually anything from / r/boh5e , and anything that seems to have gotten good feedback on / r/unearthedarcana . 
  i 'd be extremely hesitant to allow anything else , especially the dm 's guild . 
   for me that would be simple ... i 'd give them exhaustion levels, 
  then write that . 
  nowhere in your class does it have * any * stipulation that drinking blood is required . 
  you can not just * assume * stuff . 
  if you had simply written that in , it would not have been a concern . 
  as for healing , my campaign is in fact very low magic . 
  healing potions are relatively rare . 
  the simple fact is that the hit dice mechanic for recovering hp on a short rest is easily sufficient in most cases .
