  taking these feats gives some abilities of its own , but more importantly it enables you to qualify for paragon paths and other feats that require that class ( for example , many people may like to multiclass sorcerer in order to take the sorcerer feat `` sorcerous vision '' , which lets you use arcana in place of insight and perception ) . 
  they 're two distinct mechanics that have a similar basic concept behind them . 
   class and party balance is still around , the roles are just defined more loosely . 
  agreed , no problem here . 
   the 4e action economy is still very much present, 
  is n't it just an action and a movement ? 
  i ca n't remember , but i think * it means that you ca n't take a potion and attack in the same turn . 
  even worse is crossbows . 
  i ca n't remember how the work , exactly , but it 's either a whole turn to reload , or there 's no penalty whatsoever for them , since the mechanics do n't have the option of requiring a minor action to reload . 
  \\* added `` i think '', 
   attack bonuses progressing equally across all classes, 
  skills work the same way, 
  hit dice work in a very similar way to healing surges, 
  allowing multiple saves to end an effect . 
  death saves, 
  no problems with any of this . 
   giving spell casters at-will damage spells, 
  i like this versus what little i know about 3 . x , although i 'm not a huge fan of the fact that it 's necessary to begin with . 
  i do n't particularly like the spell slots mechanic . 
   backgrounds giving mechanical benefits is something that 4e introduced . 
  love this . 
  backgrounds are integrated right from the beginning , and it 's so much better than what 4e threw together with the phb2 ( backgrounds ) and dscs ( themes ) . 
  the simple act of integrating starting items with this stuff is such an improvement . 
   things like action points and second wind , are still around , just in a limited capacity . 
  i must admit i 'm not a huge fan of how action points were implemented in 4e . 
  it 's a tad more confusing than i 'd like . 
  5e 's seems a very different way of doing things , but i do n't think they 've improved on it at all . 
  by far the biggest problem i have with 5e , though , is the lack of variety for non spellcasting classes . 
  if you 're a fighter , for example , pretty much your only option most turns is going to be `` i hit it with my sword '' . 
  it 's such a huge step down from all the cool different techniques you got in 4e . 
  he means they 're not bringing out any new corrections . 
  i really like neptune because it 's got this brilliant shimmering texture . 
  the celeste does it wonders , and the female choir is spectacular . 
  it 's also great for that unique and fairly innovative ending , with the fade out . 
  being the last piece of the planets ca n't hurt it . 
  what does tes 's score get from venus ? 
  i just re-listened to it to double check , and i 'm not seeing it . 
  i did notice some interesting similarities between it and the softer part 's of williams ' superman score , though ( and oh god , i hate the fact that i have to specify `` williams ' '' score now , to differentiate it from zimmer 's monstrosity ) . 
  i very much doubt that 's the case . 
  seems far more likely that the writers want her to appear weakened because of the mercury poisoning that she 's still recovering from . 
  really ? 
  this month is some of the most excited i 've been for tv in a long time . 
  over its first two seasons arrow just got better and better , so i 'm super pumped for season 3 starting next week , and we 're also getting the premiere of the flash , which should be awesome . 
  add that to the finale season of korra , so soon on the back of the incredible season 4 , and yeah , i 'm really looking forward to the next few months of tv . 
  the small gulf of sea-based thieves tends to serve me well . 
  i could be wrong , but i thought sydney was in daylight saving time at the moment , which would make them utc +11 , not +10 . 
  i 'm from brisbane where we do n't deal with any of that nonsense , so i could have the dates wrong . 
  that video 's blocked here , but based on the title , you may also like [ this short series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yd3unlewvu&amp;list=pl4km84fecjadw4pu9qln9ty4ft0ry_c_t ) . 
   internationally on netflix, 
  lol good luck . 
  i wish that would happen . 
   even when someone speaks their mind , it seems to really sink in till the credits roll , but at the beginning of the next episode its like nothing ever happened, 
  i just watched chuck for the first time early last month , and when i was around the end of season 2/start of season 3 , this is definitely one thing that i felt . 
  until reading your comment , though , i had completely forgotten that i felt that way . 
  it gets quite a lot better . 
  to summarise , i think their point is that it 's :, 
  you do n't have significantly strong emotional attachments to { anything in the world sans ideas }, 
  as opposed to :, 
  you do n't have significantly strong emotional attachments to anything in the world [ that is to say , you are ] sans ideas . 
  the thing that really confused me is that they released a preview a while back of her still in her wheelchair , leaving republic city by boat . 
  what happened to that ? 
  are we going to get that in a flashback next episode ? 
  i was really confused because i thought we were n't getting a timeskip , and now it seems we have . 
  i still thought it was a fantastic episode , i 'm just a little confused about where it sits in relation to the other material that they released . 
  awesome thanks for that !, 
  it really is an awesome wallpaper design . 
  personally i just ca n't stand text in my wallpapers . 
  that 's kinda funny when you consider that with the first game in the series , they cared so much about optimisation that it was written in assembly . 
  i think i read somewhere else in this thread that they added a couple of minutes of content to the episode , but yeah , i 'm mainly excited for better effects . 
  i 'm about 90 % sure that / u/smarterthanyoda is imitating someone who does n't really know what they 're talking about trying to answer the question . 
  no , but my computer did . 
  i did n't even notice until i read this post , so thanks for that . 
  recently put a new hard drive with a new os , so this is the first time dst has come around on it . 
  had it set to sydney/melbourne time by mistake . 
  i 've fixed that now . 
  if it 's chrome , i imagine it knows you 're good with german because when it pops up `` this page appears to be in ` german ` . 
  would you like to translate that into english ? 
  '' , you either pressed `` never translate german '' , or have repeatedly not pressed anything/pressed `` not now '' . 
  it 's even possible that chrome 's taken your data from google translate , if you 've used that a lot . 
  both are accepted . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen one of these locks in real life . 
  i always figured they were something that nobody really uses , they 're just on every movie and tv show set in an american high school . 
   in my highschool you were required to provide your own lock, 
  yeah , my high school was the same . 
  most people got [ normal combination padlocks ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/padlock-combination-lock-unlocked-position-isolated-white-background-34653626.jpg ) . 
   where did you grow up ? 
  australia ( primary school ) , korea ( late primary school , early high school ) , and vietnam ( high school ) . 
  now that i think a out it , i think one of my classmates in high school may have used one of these locks . 
  she was from canada . 
  i 'm curious . 
  why the scare quotes around american ? 
  were you , perchance , at an international school that taught the american curriculum ? 
  haha we use those a fair bit here in aus , too . 
  not sure if they 're solo or not , but they are red . 
  did ... did i just get an actual bing link ? 
  in the general sense that may be true , but grammatical gender also gets applied to people . 
  for example , most occupations in french have a masculine and feminine form that us used depending on whether the person in question is male or female . 
  a student is un \u00e9tudiant or une \u00e9tudiant , par example . 
  there 're also psychological impacts of grammatical gender . 
  for example , see [ this article describing what characteristics german and spanish speakers would ascribe to bridges ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/29/magazine/29language-t.html?_r=4&amp;pagewanted=2&amp;ref=health&amp; ) , which are feminine in german and masculine in spanish .
