  it was fantastic . 
  started in february 2013 , and at the time was guaranteed at least two years on the plan . 
  had great experiences with their customer service on the few occasions i had to interact with them . 
  always through facebook ; i have no interest in calling anyone 's phone support if i can avoid it . 
  but earlier this month i get an email saying that as of 1st april they 're kicking me off my plan . 
  tried reaching out to them politely for an exception , but no go . 
  probably did n't help my case that they had so many other people complaining that they were being kicked off their plans , too , in many cases not so politely . 
  their current plans are still good , but not great , so i 'm switching . 
  no ill will towards them , but just really disappointed . 
  excited to see what yatango is like , though . 
  hoping my sim will arrive monday . 
  i associate them far more with white goods than `` electronics '' per se , though obviously they do sell both . 
  i 've always found this a weak argument . 
  i 'm no fan of amazon , but that 's mainly because they ignore my country almost entirely and i 'm sick of that shit . 
  but i 'll defend them fully on this . 
  there are loopholes in the law that allow them to do this , and it would be financially irresponsible * not * to take advantage of them . 
  if we want them to pay more taxes , the laws need to be fixed . 
  do n't blame the company for shitty laws . 
  same thing goes for companies like google and apple which are frequently accused of the same thing . 
  yeah , i specifically included it because it 's a somewhat more borderline case . 
  i think that just the image of someone willing to burn themselves so calmly is a really powerful image even if you do n't know exactly why they 're doing it . 
  but then when you do actually get the context it adds so much more to it , and makes it even more powerful . 
  contrast with this image where context completely changes the meaning and interpretation of the image , or with tank man at the other end of the spectrum where you can get most of the context entirely from the image itself . 
  i genuinely do n't mind microsoft . 
  i 'm not a huge fan , but they do make the world 's most popular desktop operating system and office suite , and they recently have n't been afraid to experiment with really new and big things ( with windows phone being perhaps the most innovative if the three main phone operating systems in terms of user experience ) . 
  and with windows 10 and universal apps across windows phone , tablets , and desktop , that 's really cool . 
  my biggest functional criticism at the moment is that i despise their command line . 
  the bash terminal i get in os x and linux is just so much better it 's unbelievable . 
  and that 's a pretty minor thing in the scheme of things . 
  i 've just recently signed up for tpg ( first time i 've signed up for internet in australia ) , and i 'm really glad they exist and i like their plans , but i still do n't want the merger to go through . 
  iinet does great things for consumer protection and stuff , plus just simply having more competition in the marketplace is really important . 
  yup . 
  you build your own plan with however much domestic sms , domestic call , data , and international call you want per month . 
  supposedly you can change on a month-by-month basis , too , so if you expect to be away from wifi for a while , you can get more data just for that month , etc. 
  really looking forward to playing around with it and seeing how it works in practice . 
  prices seem pretty damn competitive , too . 
  i 've heard about it , but i do wonder just how * functional * is it ? 
  will it come with vim and all my other favourite command-line utilities ? 
  particularly important for me , and one of the things i find least likely , does it enable the user to set it up so they can ssh into the computer , and copy files from it using scp ? 
  command prompt . 
  ca n't say i 've had much experience with power shell . 
  i ca n't say i have . 
  is it worth getting in to , then ? 
  yeah i know most keyboards do n't go past f12 . 
  neither my laptop 's keyboard nor the one plugged in to my desktop do . 
  in each case , i was just referring to the key to the right of f12 . 
  seriously , this is not a complicated concept . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  it has to be in some way applicable to both . 
  though fwiw , i think it does work on this case . 
  java has a lot of overhead , so compared to fully compiled languages like c , it is less useful for non-toy projects . 
  i hate the fact that i have to have java installed at all on my machine for so many things , and desktop applications written using it immediately give a bad initial impression . 
  alex can be short for alexander , but it can also be its own standalone name . 
  i know a legal alex. 
  but what i meant was that `` al '' can be short for alex , as well as alan . 
  yup . 
  falls under `` have n't been afraid to experiment with really new and big things '' . 
  that 's not what we call a donkey vote . 
  it 's just a spoilt ballot . 
  a donkey vote is numbering all candidates from 1 to n in the order they appear on the sheet . 
  hey , at least in this version everyone will know what all the words mean . 
  who the fuck puts girt in a song ? 
  shh !, 
  do n't tell the americans that , they still think he 's an aussie . 
  to be fair , i think our pm thinks he 's an aussie , too . 
  `` no cuts to healthcare !, 
  no cuts to education !, 
  no change to the gst !, 
  and no cuts to the abc or sms ! '', 
  or words to that effect , but equally unambiguous . 
  oh , and they also want to be an `` infrastructure government '' whilst completely neutering that biggest and most important infrastructure project we have going . 
  more like a `` 20th century infrastructure government '' , really ... 
  it 's evident in the mechanics of the older games , too . 
  even morrowind 's infamous frequent misses when it obviously should have hit are reminiscent of d&d attack rolls . 
  the british arm was n't an arm , it was a completely separate company that just happened to use the same name . 
  woolies here is one of our two biggest supermarket chains . 
  i 've always found them rather lacking to be honest , though it 's still miles better than the nearly useless information in the op . 
  it 's not the british term , it 's the non-american term . 
  it 's used down here in aus too , and i 'd be very surprised if the kiwis do n't use it . 
  irish probably do , too . 
  maybe even some canadians . 
  aside from the fact that that 's the * right * way to pronounce it ( because pretending you 're french and dropping the h in herb sounds dumb ) , i 'm not really sure what leads you to say that . 
  i was n't aware there was a problem with scrolling in chrome . 
  i use it regularly on os x with a touch pad , and on windows with a mouse , and in each case scrolling works exactly how i would imagine it should work . 
  could someone explain exactly what is wrong with its scrolling , and how this will fix it ? 
  on a serious note , 60 overs ? 
  when did they change it to 50 ? 
  wait it 's hard to find ? 
  i remember having it on tape ... 
  maybe was less negatively received outside of america ? 
  do you mean the ending piece of fantasia 2000 ? 
  the firebird suite by stravinsky ? 
  haha yeah there was . 
  that was their segment of beethoven 's symphony no . 
  6 , the `` pastoral '' symphony . 
  you 'll have a hard time finding a complete version of fantasia that still has the racist segments in it , though . 
  they removed the racist bits in the 60s . 
  yeah seriously . 
  the eastern asian disney channel was pushing it pretty hard when it first came out . 
  i assumed the same was true worldwide .
