  i love grey , and nearly always when grey and brady argue , i find myself agreeing more with grey . 
  but holy * hell * , when he complained about how bowling in cricket `` is n't really bowling '' , that just felt like he was being obstinate purely for the sake of being obstinate . 
  is that in the desktop hangouts ( the multi-person video thing in g + ) or the mobile app ( primarily an im/sms client that also -- i think -- can do the multi-way video chat ) that you 're talking about ? 
  because i ca n't find it in the latter . 
  but either way , google now , as awesome as it is , is sorely lacking in some ways compared to siri and cortana . 
  having a few cool features like the ability to do dice rolling would be one way to step it up . 
  yes . 
  it 'll work exactly the same as a legal iso . 
  yeah i 'm astonished to see it here . 
  the original dark cloud was one of the first games i ever played . 
  bought it in a store second hand for $ 70 ( yay australia ... ) after having played through the first few levels on a demo disk i had . 
  i absolutely love it . 
  from the story & setting ( amazing variety in settings ) , to the gameplay ( love the rpg elements with the weapons ) , to the incredible music ( i particularly like the music box stuff from queens/the ice queen ) . 
  unfortunately as a kid i never managed to finish it . 
  got to the dark genie , but could never beat him . 
  got to the third phase a few times , but never won . 
  definitely one of my favourite gaming experiences , though . 
  hope to go back and finish it some day , if only to find out how it ends ( and i refuse to watch the cut scene online ) . 
  not played dc2 , though . 
  would feel wrong to do that without having finished the first , even though i know it 's largely unrelated . 
  wait , dark cloud is a roguelike ? 
  i 've heard the term `` roguelike '' so many times , and i 've never really known what it means . 
  not to mention that it 's a weird way to name a genre . 
  what is the `` rogue '' that these games are like ? 
  it 's not a yes or no question for me . 
  yes , i * do * want supergirl in the arrowverse , but with the way they 've set up the premise of the supergirl show , no , i do n't . 
  i wish that they were n't going to have superman in the show . 
  instead of deciding to take after her `` more famous cousin '' , i wish she looked to ollie and barry as inspiration to reveal her super powers and become supergirl . 
  but since superman exists and is well-known in her universe , and clearly does n't in the arrowverse ( we would certainly have heard about it if he did ) , there 's no good way to put her in the same universe as them , except via weird multi-dimension stuff which personally i 'm not a fan of . 
  i answered yes in the poll , because fundamentally that 's what i want , but my opinion is a little more nuanced than that . 
  my answer from the / r/supergirltv thread :, 
  it 's not a yes or no question for me . 
  yes , i * do * want supergirl in the arrowverse , but with the way they 've set up the premise of the supergirl show , no , i do n't . 
  i wish that they were n't going to have superman in the show . 
  instead of deciding to take after her `` more famous cousin '' , i wish she looked to ollie and barry as inspiration to reveal her super powers and become supergirl . 
  but since superman exists and is well-known in her universe , and clearly does n't in the arrowverse ( we would certainly have heard about it if he did ) , there 's no good way to put her in the same universe as them , except via weird multi-dimension stuff which personally i 'm not a fan of . 
  i answered yes in the poll , because fundamentally that 's what i want , but my opinion is a little more nuanced than that . 
  it 's * possible * that he exists , i guess . 
  but the supergirl description mentions also that he 's `` famous '' . 
  in the arrowverse , he clearly is n't , because no one has heard of him . 
  regarding the comic , that was clearly just a joke , similar to the `` it 's a bird , it 's a plane '' thing with ray , or deliberately pronouncing `` that man '' to make it sound like `` batman '' . 
  but if you could n't see it as that purely on your own , the creators have recently [ come out and explained it was just a joke ] ( http://marcguggenheim.tumblr.com/post/115233337339/okay-marc-you-dropped-quite-a-bombshell-in-season ) . 
  the people in it are just horrible people . 
  they take this weird sort of moral superiority and claim that basically any time anyone tries to correct someone 's grammar or word usage , they 're wrong to do so . 
  they do this not in a polite way , but extremely arrogantly . 
  oh , and do n't even try to have rational debate with them . 
  nope , they 'll just immediately downvote you and ban you from the subreddit . 
  they 're also * extremely * bad when it comes to vote brigading . 
  see nearly any thread that they 've linked to , and it 'll go from being slightly upvoted to heavily downvoted very suddenly . 
  this is perhaps the worst , because not only does it make them shitty people , but this is strictly against reddit 's rules . 
  it could be that , but that seems far less likely than the more simple explanation that it is talking in universe . 
  if it were talking about our world , they probably would have explicitly mentioned `` superman '' , since that 's the important part to get across , and the `` average viewer '' may not know that supergirl 's `` more famous cousin '' is in fact superman . 
  i mean , i hope you 're right and that he actually does n't exist in the supergirl universe . 
  i just ca n't really see that being the case . 
  but yeah , they could do a crossover , certainly . 
  but from the information we 've been presented , the most likely way they would have to go about it would be using multi-dimensional stuff . 
  i absolutely love the way that they 've redesigned it . 
  many websites do weird things if you try to zoom in in the way chrome used to do it . 
  this way , not only can you zoom in to more precise amounts , you also do n't mess up the way the page as a whole is formatted . 
  if you want it the old way , though , you 've still got the option of cmd + and cmd - . 
  no , they often are that too . 
  it 's just that they choose to frame their arguments in ways that make it impossible to get them to change their minds about it . 
  i 'd rather not , primarily because i do n't want to risk incurring their wrath in so blatant a way . 
  but suffice it to say that you can go there , and pretty much any time you see them saying that one person was wrong for correcting someone else on their grammar , they 're massively oversimplifying things . 
  neither have i. 
  think we 've got a posse growing here . 
  huh ... i do n't get it . 
  the extent of my ... knowledge ... of theory of knowledge is from tok class in the international baccalaureate ( ib ) diploma . 
  but from my understanding of what i learnt there case i 's '' * smith is justified in believing that ( e ) is true * '' and case ii 's '' * smith is justified in believing that ( h ) is true * '' are not correct statements . 
  i do n't see how he could be justified in either case , because the reasoning used by smith in each case to arrive at the conclusion was false , which was my understanding of `` justified '' . 
  which explains why they renamed themselves to blackberry limited in 2013 . 
   jack gleeson has 9 acting credits on imdb prior to got, 
  all of them are tiny parts . 
  certainly * so far * he has been a one hit wonder . 
  though as you say , there 's still plenty of time for him to potentially get back into acting and have some other hits . 
  and i really hope he does , because i thought he did a fantastic job in the role of joffrey . 
  yeah . 
  he actually played the trickster in the '90s version of the flash . 
  many people have speculated that it was his performance in that role that landed him the voice acting job of the joker in all the dcau shows . 
  and then when the 2014 the flash version came around , they got him to reprise his role . 
  [ here 's a clip that i highly recommend watching ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erbpdrd9wxk ) , though it does contain some minor spoilers for that one episode ( no spoilers for the overarching plot of the series ) . 
  another fun fact , the guy in that video that the trickster captured is barry allen 's father in this show . 
  the same actor played barry allen/the flash himself in the '90s show . 
  that scene is * meant * to feel strange . 
  it 's meant to have this really kind of oppressive vibe . 
  that was going on through the whole episode . 
  unless you meant something else . 
  but to me , that scene certainly does n't feel indicative of the whole show . 
  no they do n't . 
  the definition of one hit wonder is that they only did one really big/successful thing . 
  you could do 100s of things and still be a one hit wonder if only one of them had any significance . 
  hahaha no worries . 
  oh good point . 
  i missed that bit . 
   i ca n't even fathom why someone who already owns a dedicated running gps would use an apple watch for running though . 
  i 'm an android user , so i 'm never going to get an watch . 
  i also do n't see myself getting an android watch for at least another two or three generations ( i prefer to wait to see the tech mature a bit ) . 
  however , once i do get one , i can certainly see myself potentially using it instead of the dedicated garmin forerunner i already have for one main reason . 
  when i 'm running , it 's also often the time i like to spend just thinking about things . 
  occasionally that includes wanting to quickly look something up or make a note to self .
