  hardly . 
  i * started * this conversation by saying that i was n't actually going to be having the conversation itself . 
  i was only ever interested in the more meta conversation . 
  the chances of that happening ( assuming he 's already a half orc barb using a d12 weapon with 18 str and the gwm feat , which he chooses to use ) on any given attack are one in 34,560 , or 0.00289 % . 
  if you live in the us , that 's slightly less likely than you being killed by assault by firearm , and slightly more likely than being killed in a car accident , each year . 
  just to put it into a little perspective . ^ [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://www.iii.org/fact-statistic/mortality-risk ), 
  psionics are n't really meant to be primary damage dealers . 
  their strength is in buffs , debuffs , and battlefield control , all of which ( and more ) the mystic * excels * at . 
   imagine in this pub , instead of this poster , they poke fun at aa meetings and list out the 12 steps as a humorous drinking game . 
  i mean , * in a pub * ? 
  yeah , i reckon that 'd be pretty funny . 
  the only people who might be seriously offended by it wo n't see it . 
  it 's just a little bit of dark humour . 
  definitely nothing wrong with that . 
   5e has more in common with 3.5 than 4, 
  i honestly do n't think this is nearly as clear cut as most people imply . 
  on the face of it , it seems correct . 
  5e has vancian-derived magic and non-magical classes have basically just one option in combat most of the time : i hit it with my stick ( with some exceptions ) . 
  but if you look at the deeper design principles of the game , it does n't play out quite the same . 
  you have a smaller number of more significant decisions in character building ( 5e takes this * further * than 4e did ) ; it 's designed to be mechanics-light in roleplay situations , including by having skills be much more straight-forward , removing alignment as a mechanical aspect ( outside of very limited inter-planar aspects ) , and essentially leaving most types of non-combat checks completely in the hands of the dm ; and even some areas of combat which had incredibly convoluted mechanics aim to be much more streamlined in 5e than 3 . x , just like 4e ( grappling , for example ) . 
  perhaps most importantly , they aim for * every * player to * always * have something that they can do to contribute . 
  wizards do n't have to resort to a crossbow once they run out of spells . 
  i * do * really like the encounter question concept , and you 've done a great job of writing it up here . 
  it 's a fantastic way to add narrative weight to your combats . 
  my one problem with it , in the context of its use as an answer to this question , is that it ca n't always make up for a lack of * mechanical * depth or reward for strategic thinking , because that 's about the combat * itself * , but the encounter question -- while it * can * involve an in-combat thinking aspect -- is * primarily * about the framework in which the battle takes place . 
  they 're nearly orthogonal aspects : not in opposition to one another , but one also does not always enhance the other , either . 
   they killed all the good parts along with the bad ones, 
  i actually do n't agree with this , to be honest . 
  they certainly did kill off quite a few of the good things 4e did , but there 's a lot more there than most people give it credit for . 
  i was just writing up the reasons i believe this for a comment in a different thread , so i 'll copy-paste it here :, 
  i honestly do n't think this is nearly as clear cut as most people imply . 
  on the face of it , it seems correct . 
  5e has vancian-derived magic and non-magical classes have basically just one option in combat most of the time : i hit it with my stick ( with some exceptions ) . 
  but if you look at the deeper design principles of the game , it does n't play out quite the same . 
  you have a smaller number of more significant decisions in character building ( 5e takes this further than 4e did ) ; it 's designed to be mechanics-light in roleplay situations , including by having skills be much more straight-forward , removing alignment as a mechanical aspect ( outside of very limited inter-planar aspects ) , and essentially leaving most types of non-combat checks completely in the hands of the dm ; and even some areas of combat which had incredibly convoluted mechanics aim to be much more streamlined in 5e than 3 . x , just like 4e ( grappling , for example ) . 
  perhaps most importantly , they aim for every player to always have something that they can do to contribute . 
  wizards do n't have to resort to a crossbow once they run out of spells . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` mechanic '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  as this is your second time receiving this warning , any future unflaired submissions may be removed . 
  unless you 're gon na start compiling homebrew , those should * not * be included , because those are neither official nor playtesting material . 
  they 're homebrew . 
  it 's just that it happens to be homebrew made by people who work at the same company ( a completely different division , but the same broad company ) that makes the real thing . 
  hi elvenoob , thanks for you submission . 
  unfortunately , i am removing it , because this is your third submission that has been unflaired . 
  feel free to resubmit it if you remember to flair it appropriately . 
   your thunder cannon does n't give away your position if you miss . 
  why do you say that ? 
  the rules for unseen attackers are quite specific , and i ca n't see anything in either the sharpshooter feat or the gunsmith artificer that would override that . 
   if you are hidden -- both unseen and unheard -- when you make an attack , you give away your location when the attack hits or misses . 
  i think the kingdom come : deliverance guys are a great example of how to develop a game with good communication with your fanbase . 
  at the * most * , their youtube channel has gone three months without an update , but mostly it 's been somewhere between one a week and two every three months , with content varying from talking about the development process , to showing off particular aspects of the game , to q&a s , to interviews with the voice cast . 
  you really get the sense that it 's a project that 's very much in motion and nearing completion , rather than having basically no idea what 's going on . 
  i went back and turned subtitles on for that bit , because like you , i could n't understand the words after going over and over it multiple times . 
  she said `` lynch , i want for me . '', 
   i doubt i watch the equivalent of $ 10 worth of ads on a monthly basis . 
  you almost certainly get nowhere * close * to that . 
  youtube ad rates hover around the $ 8 cpm mark ( before youtube takes its cut : creators see a much lower figure ) . 
  that means you would have to watch ** 1000 ** ads on youtube for them to make just eight dollars from you . 
  but then it 's also worth remembering that youtube red is only * partly * about removing ads . 
  you also get access to the red exclusive content ( a small , but non-zero amount of which is actually worthwhile ) , google play music streaming ( making youtube red at a * minimum * equivalent to paying for spotify ) , and the aforementioned background playback on mobile . 
  $ 10 for everything you get from a spotify subscription , plus youtube ad-free , plus a couple of cool exclusive shows seems a pretty reasonable price to me . 
  that said , i do n't pay for it myself . 
  i 'm okay with the ads , do n't often listen to music on my phone ( and when i do , it 's part of my own personal collection , not streaming ) , and there 's enough content on netflix , normal tv , and normal youtube that i have n't felt the need for red . 
  but i would n't say that the price they 're asking is unreasonable . 
  the eu ( particularly germany ) has some seriously fucked laws , and they * really * have a hate-boner for tech companies , and especially google . 
  i really doubt google is * choosing * to just not bother ; more likely the legal situation in europe just makes it really hard for them to deliver the service they want . 
  nah , because you still have to roll to make sure you 're successfully staying still , not making noise , etc. 
  even if you 're in total absolute darkness , you got ta roll to hide . 
  on the other hand , [ this is what it looks like if your stealth roll is 1 ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/26xbhzpuun2zitwcm/source.gif ) . 
  [ well , actually , yeah , you can !, 
  ] ( / r/modnews/comments / 6auyq9/reddit _ is_procss / ), 
  brisbane starts getting too cold this time of year , so i ca n't even imagine what canberra or melbourne are like to live in . 
  i 'd move australia somewhere so that the tropic of capricorn runs through sydney . 
  maybe through canberra . 
   this is pretty much what most big labels push for, 
  actually , not really . 
  the big labels all have their stuff on content id , which allows them to do whatever they want with any video that has their content detected in it . 
  they can choose to have the video taken down entirely , but they rarely do . 
  they can choose to have the whole video force-muted , but again that 's rarely used . 
  most often they just monetise it , so that the video shows ads , but * they * get the income , not the uploader . 
  their last option is to ignore it . 
  for reals though , get sharex , and set up keyboard shortcuts ctrl-shift-3 and ctrl-shift-4 to behave just like the equivalent on macos . 
  super useful . 
  ( i have mine set to auto-upload to imgur , and copy the link to it to my clipboard . 
  really helpful . ), 
   dragonborn could just be an established race , mine are from another continent , but they 're natural born since 5e . 
  i would consider them to mostly live in villages of the same or similar colours , and in places where their bloodline dragon ancestor might have liked . 
  there 's an entire zone in my campaign populated with green & black dragonborn , and tieflings . 
  terrible swamp , my players will hate it when and if they ever discover it . 
  that 's great , but op wants to play in the forgotten realms , where the dragonborn and tieflings already have robust established histories and backgrounds . 
  specifically , dragonborn live in the region of tymanther , where unther once was , and in particular many live in their capital of djerad thymar , the great pyramid city . 
  they 're also relatively homogenised in terms of colour , with less of a stark colour range than is seen in true dragons , from generations of interbreeding . 
  tieflings are , to my knowledge , less geographically unified , but even more racially homogenised compared to pre-spellplague times thanks to their part in the apotheosis of asmodeus . 
  the last two books in [ the brimstone angels series ] ( http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/brimstone_angels_series ) , ashes of the tyrant and the devil you know , take place primarily in and around tymanther . 
  the entire series is a great read if you 're interesting in dragonborn and/or tieflings ( as well as if you 're interested in warlocks and/or the nine hells ) , but the last two in particular deal an enormous amount with dragonborn ( or vayemniri , as they would rather be known ) culture , society , politics , and history . 
  the village you 've come up with sounds a * little * like [ arush vayem ] ( http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/arush_vayem ) in the forgotten realms , which is where the brimstone angels series starts . 
  although it 's not a cesspool so much as it is a * refuge * for those who have been ostracised . 
  the locals of that town are generally good people who have been forced away from society for one reason or another , rather than being horrible people who simply could never possibly function among civilised people . 
  if someone wants to play a dragonborn , why not leave it up to them to see how to integrate themselves into the campaign . 
  maybe they 've been exiled from their clan for some reason and are selling their services as a [ their class here ] to get by .
