  plus whatever mumble uses , and maybe 80 and 443 . 
  if you 're interested in some alternative damage options for * chaos bolt * , to try and fix it up , [ i wrote a detailed mathematical break down of a bunch of other calculations ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 63anvj/unearthed _ arcana_03042017_starter_spells / dfsv6qz / ) . 
  there 's a tl ; dr table at the bottom . 
  in short , if you were to change it so that it jumps on a * coin toss * ( or , alternatively , when the damage rolled is even ) , it does ever so slightly more damage than * chromatic orb * . 
  the only other good option would be to have it add cha to damage . 
  in that case , it 's slightly * weaker * than * chromatic orb * with +3 , scaling up to quite a bit more powerful than it with +5 . 
  yeah , but if you 're crafting packets you can craft them to look like the sort of traffic they 'd be allowing anyway . 
  whoa now , you 're skipping a few steps !, 
  step 2 . 
  acquire enriched plutonium . 
  it 's possible to craft good homebrew without playtesting . 
  you just have to be careful and consider how it compares to other options . 
  the problem with dandwiki is that there is literally * no * care in the world . 
  they just make whatever comes to their mind and throw it out there . 
   but even cantrips tend to feel quite limited for certain classes, 
  if it were a cantrip , i might almost agree with you . 
  i mean , it 'd still be way too powerful for a cantrip , but the principle would be there : it 's a rather circumstantial choice , and taking up one of a limited number of options would make it wasteful . 
  but it 's not a cantrip . 
  it 's a spell for clerics , druids , and wizards . 
  they can simply choose to prepare it when it comes time that they need it . 
  and even worse than that , it 's a ritual !, 
  so they do n't even need to expend a spell slot to use it . 
  i had a whole session of my current campaign that would have been entirely bypassed if they had had access to this spell . 
  they were travelling through a mostly featureless desert , trying to find their way across to an oasis , navigating only by the stars . 
  the stars , obviously , not being the greatest of navigation methods , especially for people not experts in doing so , they got lost and ended up travelling a day or two more than they had supplies of water for . 
  it was a really tense and exciting session that would be utterly * impossible * with access to this spell . 
  in fact , even the alternative proposed by / u/afkennedy ( which i actually really like , certainly much more than the one wizards gave us ) would have bypassed that session . 
  they can simply take a long rest and prepare it . 
  this is a cleric , druid , and wizard spell , after all , not a sorcerer and warlock one . 
  the way it 's worded means that if it was on a map previously , it * is * going to be found by this spell . 
  that it may have moved is irrelevant . 
  and of course it does n't tell them how far or what 's in between , but again that 's irrelevant , because it gives you the most direct path there , meaning there can be no exploration component in * finding * it . 
  sure , but sometimes just the search can be worthwhile . 
  a few encounters like these along the way , but they 're used mainly to augment the search . 
  with this spell , there * is * no search . 
  it entirely eliminates an enormous part of one of the three pillars of the game . 
  i had a whole session of my current campaign that would have been entirely bypassed if they had had access to this spell . 
  they were travelling through a mostly featureless desert , trying to find their way across to an oasis , navigating only by the stars . 
  the stars , obviously , not being the greatest of navigation methods , especially for people not experts in doing so , they got lost and ended up travelling a day or two more than they had supplies of water for . 
  it was a really tense and exciting session that would be utterly impossible with access to this spell . 
  yeah it is a bit weird to think of that . 
  it 'd also , of course , be a lot less damaging ( but also make a lot less sense , flavour-wise ) as a sorcerer or warlock option . 
  it 's a little surprising to me that rangers do n't get it as an option . 
  it seems tailor made for them . 
  and of course , it would also be much less damaging in their hands than a cleric 's . 
   the way the spell works you gain advantage on an attack roll once and when making that one atrack roll your movement increases by 30, 
  this part is * highly * ambiguous . 
  personally i agree with your interpretation , but to say it is definitively the correct one is just wrong , at this point . 
  i definitely agree that cb should have a higher average than co. . for one thing , there 's the assumption in my calculations that cb will have an unlimited ( well , really i calculated up to 7 ) number of times it will even be * able * to jump . 
  if you do n't have additional targets in range that you can use it on , those calculations are moot . 
  there 's also the fact that it 's less flexible . 
  with cb , you get given two randomly selected damage types that you choose between . 
  co lets you choose you own from the whole list of 6 options . 
  but i do n't think the difference should be * too * great . 
  the flexibility thing does n't matter * too * much , since most of the time if damage type matters , you 're only trying to overcome one or two specific damage types , which you 're able to do most of the time with just two options . 
  and the occasional lack of enemies to target with it does n't necessarily matter too much , because it 's not a spell for those situations . 
  just like you would n't cast * fireball * on a single bad guy , you 'd save it for when there are a dozen or so mooks to take down . 
  as a side note , rather than using a coin , another option for a 50/50 jump is to use odds and evens . 
  if the total damage done to the target is even , jump . 
  if people do n't like the exploration pillar , they should play with a dm that does n't include it . 
  including a spell like this in the game means that the exploration pillar becomes * completely * irrelevant . 
  it can no longer exist , except for the * extremely * limited case of mazes and maze-like structures ( such as dungeon complexes ) . 
   you tried talking but made some bad rolls . 
  tried researching but again bad rolls . 
  except unfortunately , with this spell , you do n't even * try * that , because the spell just goes `` yup , you find the place '' . 
  regarding a map , it says that `` someone in history must have visited the site and mapped it '' , which pretty clearly seems to be hinting that even a long lost temple etc. 
  would work with this spell . 
  for rangers , they only get that benefit * in their favoured terrain * , which means there still exists the option of getting lost in other terrains . 
  plus , this spell does also get rid of the need to know where your destination is . 
  in my specific example that was n't a problem , but if searching for somewhere you * do n't * precisely know , such as a hidden enemy base or the oft-mentioned ancient temple , this spell bypasses * that * challenge as well , making it superior to what a ranger gets . 
  / u/afkennedy mentioned a pretty good compromise elsewhere in the thread . 
  it 's not perfect , but it does significantly improve the quality of this spell . 
  fuck me that was an impressive level of double posting . 
  i 've double posted before . 
  i 've triple posted before . 
  i 've even quadruple posted by accident before . 
  but ** 14 times ** . 
  wow . 
   the new ua ranger just does n't get lost as he has no favored terrain, 
  well , that 's just some bad design then , frankly . 
   so if the map was destroyed does it exist ? 
  i would say no, 
  wizards clearly thinks yes , because otherwise they would not have included the `` in history '' part of `` someone in history must have visited the site and mapped it '' . 
  the fact that it can be anyone at any time in history is a clear indication of the intention there , imo . 
   i 'm gon na go to twitter and ask crawford . 
  i 'll get back to you on his answer . 
  yeah please do , i 'm curious . 
  make sure you tweet mearls as well , since he 's the one mostly responsible for unearthed arcanas . 
  it was a megagame , which means a certain degree of low-key larp . 
  so unfortunately no , my character was not female . 
  from memory , the title might actually have been god-emperor . 
  i ca n't quite remember . 
  but anyway , there definitely * was * a female ruler at one point in the game . 
  you do n't want to see that film anyway . 
  do n't give the production and distribution companies the satisfaction of being rewarded for their late release date . 
  seriously , more than a * month and a half * after the rest of the world . 
  fuck everyone involved in that shit . 
  pirate it when it comes out on dvd . 
  sorry no , i have n't got a clue . 
  level 4 is * possible * , but unlikely .
