  with maledictor 's doom , is removing the passive part of it an option ? 
  i mainly suggested removing the other half because it would keep the thing more in line with existing features , but there 's nothing particularly bad about * only * having the active part , either . 
  but yeah , looking at the changes you 've already made , this is a lot better . 
  it 's a really cool archetype , all up . 
  / r/brisbane has no rules against political content . 
   your third hl needs to be a language, 
  a lot of schools have peculiar rules regarding subjects . 
  op 's , for example , requires french . 
  i 'm guessing that yours required an hl language for some reason . 
  but it definitely is n't an ib rule . 
  some schools do a better job of making clear what is a school rule and what 's a part of ib than others do ... 
  as for maths , hl maths is n't impossible . 
  it 's definitely the hardest ib subject there is ( depending on how you measure it -- if you were to go purely by grade distribution , there are * many * harder , but that 's not a very good metric imo ) , but it 's not impossible . 
  even a 5 in that would be better than a 7 in sl , and since op is wanting to do computer science , which is only a step down from software engineering -- a course that tends to be * very * maths intensive -- doing hl maths makes perfect sense . 
   unless they have itgs, 
  itgs is a joke . 
  even for someone interested in computers in general , it 's really not a great course to recommend . 
  and as for picking subjects that 'll get you the most points , i vehemently disagree with that notion . 
  there are * very * few university programmes where the sort of extremely high point scores would be necessary to warrant such a factor weighing in heavily . 
  if op were wanting to study medicine , then perhaps that would be good advice . 
  but for most people , it 's far more useful to take things that you 're interested in and/or would find useful either personally or academically . 
  hahaha that 's pretty hilarious if true . 
  though it directly contradicts what a different reply said to me , which was that high temperatures would be in \u00b0 f and lower ones in \u00b0 c. 
  so now i do n't know what to believe :\\, 
  there , there , buddy . 
  yesterday was a big day for res . 
  major ui overhaul , finally fixing the problem with vote weight tracking , and the announcement of a return to support for safari . 
  it 's really no wonder / r/enhancement is trending . 
  wow . 
  i was not expecting to like this , from the title , but holy shit that was amazing !, 
  anyone know if there 's sheet music available ? 
  sounded like it was probably for 6 or 8 hands piano , which is pretty manageable . 
  [ here is a direct link to the pdf containing the content that 's included in the srd/ogl ] ( http://media.wizards.com/2016/downloads/srd-ogl_v1.1.pdf ) . 
  it took me a while to find , so i figured i 'd save others the effort . 
  honestly i do n't think the reasoning is right here . 
  that 's a story that people hear all the time going in both directions . 
  women ( and men ) just like exotic men ( and women ) . 
  nothing to do with aussies being bogan or anything like that . 
  in australia they 're called `` penalty rates '' . 
  i 'm not really sure how i feel about the name . 
  yes , unfortunately we do . 
  earth 2 is confirmed to have many heroes , jay garrick and aquaman are the first that come to mind , but i think there are more . 
  supergirl is only the second superhero in her universe . 
  damn , it 's $ 480 australian . 
  which is odd , considering aud and cad are currently [ exactly at parity ] ( https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=1%20aud%20to%20cad ) . 
  [ ( screenshot for posterity . 
  holy shit seriously ? 
  that 's over 100 $ more than a straight conversion would be . 
  even if you add in sales tax , that 's horrible . 
  converting the us price of $ 349 to australian , it should be about $ 496 . 
  they 're actually charging $ 480 . 
  so australia is actually getting a great deal right now ( for once ... ) . 
  in new zealand , a straight currency conversion would be $ 530 , so they 're still getting the short end of the stick if it 's $ 670 . 
  hell , even if google is paying sales tax in new zealand ( and i 'm skeptical about that ) , it 's still a massive rip off . 
  wtf, 
  are you some kind of wizard or something ? 
  holy shit this is , like ... unnaturally amazing . 
  any chance we can get this added to the sidebar or something , mods ? 
  i dunno , but i 've been having some sort of microsoft-associated plugin opening quite a few pdfs recently . 
  not sure why , but it might be related . 
  eb 's absence was just an oversight . 
   also i think the 5 division names wo n't resonate with new players and they do n't seem to follow a pattern ( e.g. 
  swan in wa is named after an animal ) . 
  or perhaps that 's the point, 
  i agree . 
  there were a few people commenting in another thread ( i think it might have been late in modelparliament 's life ) that they wanted to use named electorates like in real life . 
  but personally , i think the utilitarian names are far more useful . 
  at the very least , this should be put to a survey rather than the new mods unilaterally deciding it . 
  i have to say , i like your table there a lot . 
  it makes everything far more clear than the initial table did . 
  the only one i 'm still not clear on is `` mixed members ( top-up ) '' , though to be honest that seems to be an inherently complicated and unnecessary option in general . 
   you could just ask this question once , ranked by preference , rather than having a hybrid fptp-approval system in the survey, 
  unfortunately , google drive does n't really have very good support for av voting . 
  your only real options are fptp or approval . 
   maybe ask people which ad brought them to the survey, 
  brilliant idea . 
  it would be worth knowing where most of the traffic is coming from , to know where to focus efforts in the future . 
   do n't try to change your embouchure too much, 
  this is generally good advice , but with one caveat . 
  if his embouchure is off currently , it might be good enough to play in the chalumeau and clarion registers , but the flaws become more evident in altissimo . 
  in that case , it may be worth working on embouchure to get it right . 
   okay , its probably not exactly an octave higher for those who want to get all technical but the note that is played the same fingering with the octave key, 
  an octave and a fifth ( goes from a c to a g in the next octave ) . 
  the clarinet is modelled as a pipe closed at one end , which means it skips every second partial , unlike instruments such as the flute or saxophone , which are modelled as pipes open at both ends , and play every partial . 
  the same reason is how the notes in the top register are fingered as they are . 
  every partial would go c4 , c5 , g5 , c6 , e6 , but it skips every second one , so you only get c4 , g5 , and e6 , with the middle register being aided by the register key , and the top register being aided by removing the index finger on your left hand . 
  and so , with nothing but your thumb and first three fingers on your left hand , you can play c4 , g5 , and e6 . 
  sorry for going all nerdy like that , i just find the physics behind music absolutely fascinating and wanted to share . 
  that 's really not much better than what google 's selling it for . 
  what ( if anything ) have they got the 16 gb 5x for ? 
  so , how would the voter 's ballot look ? 
  a single stv ballot ? 
  two stv ballots , one local , one national ? 
  or is the proposed system a party-list one of some sort ? 
  oh good , that definitely puts me at ease with that model . 
  whoa what the fuck ? 
  this is a terrible , * stupid * idea . 
  party rooms should be private to those parties . 
  party members need to be able to discuss party lines in private , away from the scrutiny of randoms and people from opposing parties . 
  i wo n't say who , but hitler ends up killing one of the most evil people on the planet .
