  it 's certainly not as singable as vader 's theme was , but it grew on me as the movie went on , and since i 've been listening to the soundtrack i 've found myself loving it more and more . 
  it 's only 9 notes long , but it 's menacing and epic sounding . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing how williams develops it in the coming movies . 
  rey 's theme has been less used so far , but it 's an interesting one anyway , with some subtle ties to the force theme , but which stands on its own as a mysterious and adventure-loving type of theme , befitting the character herself , as we know her so far . 
  i think this is my favourite williams score to date ( and , therefore , my favourite film score of all to date ) . 
  one thing that i noticed that * really * intrigued me was that a few bits of music surrounding ren seemed reminiscent of music associated with anakin 's fall . 
  for example , if you listen for the cor anglais at around 3:39 in `` torn apart '' , right before the low brass enters with the main motif associated with ren , it seems to be playing a motif that matches the first half of the motif that gets repeated over and over again at around 2:15 in anakin 's dark deeds . 
  and there are a few other bits where that same motif ( which i 've taken to calling `` anakin 's fall '' ) pops up in association with ren . 
  around 0:20 in the abduction is another instance . 
  and more generally , ren 's main theme feels * very * similar to bits of anakin 's betrayal : specifically the motif from around 1:00 in that track . 
  rey 's theme is a lot more subtle , though . 
  it feels harmonically similar to the force theme , and at around 1:10 in the track `` rey 's theme '' , there 's a cello countermelody that almost sounds like it 's been derived directly from the force theme . 
  wait , they did ? 
  damn ... it 's been too long since i 've watched them . 
  meant to do a rewatch before this one ( with my sister , who has never seen them before !, 
  ) , but my sister was too busy with school , so we only managed to get through the prequels in time . 
  i just looked it up , and [ this se question provides some interesting information ] ( http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/33080/what-is-the-significance-of-the-reversed-colours-of-imperial-and-rebellion-laser ) on the matter . 
  it would explain why the good guys in the prequels used green . 
  also interesting is that the handheld blasters seem to use red on both sides [ in the very first scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhflymahrqe ) , [ as do the at-ats on hoth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bkovsfb2zw ) . 
  it 's interesting , that even the empire ca n't afford to use the higher quality gas in other places than their starships . 
  so umm ... thanks for incidentally leading me on the journey to discover all that . 
  i found it really interesting , and i do n't know if ( or how much ) you knew it before , but i thought i 'd share . 
   wayyyy to big to be that easy to destroy, 
  yeah , i thought that was bad . 
  when they were discussing it in the movie , it sounded to me like they would destroy the * weapon * , but the planet itself would still mostly be intact . 
  then when they actually succeeded the whole planet seemed to be falling apart . 
  that made no sense . 
  i really think he was miscast to be honest . 
  he did n't come across to me as * nearly * menacing enough to be in the role he was . 
  it felt kinda like the role was written to be played by benedict cumberbatch ( the actor even looked * kinda * similar ) , and i think he would have carried it far better . 
  i actually thought the way lightsabers were handled was * fantastic * . 
  finn had it , but when he did , he was * insanely * clumsy with it . 
  rey feels like she 's probably the single most naturally force-sensitive person that we 've ever seen on screen , * by far * . 
  far more than even anakin , who previously held that title . 
  so she was capable with the lightsaber . 
  but even she came across as rather clumsy with it , particularly using these awkward thrusting motions frequently . 
  my hope is that as she trains with it , she 'll get better , and that by the end of episode ix , we 're seeing fights that match those of episode iii , when the art was at its peak . 
  perhaps . 
  my main point is that i think the guy they * did * get was wrong for the role . 
  on a very loosely related note , i loved the fact that they kinda subtly showed that han is actually somewhat force sensitive , by the scene in which he shot someone from right behind him . 
  i do n't know if that was their intention or not , but i choose to interpret it that way , and it was awesome . 
   within 20 minutes i realized it was a copy, 
  it took you that long ? 
  seriously , it was obvious from the title crawl . 
  i actually really enjoyed it anyway , but it was quite obviously familiar . 
  that 's a weirdly common myth for some reason , but [ it 's just a myth ] ( http://earthsky.org/space/what-is-the-suns-name ) . 
   and before you say `` it 'll be explained later , '' that 's not a satisfactory answer, 
  it is to me . 
  not always , but if something feels like an intentional mystery to be answered later , as this did , then it 's okay to save for later . 
  to provide a counter example , i did * not * think that the mystery surrounding the main character 's parentage in guardians of the galaxy was satisfactorily handled . 
  my main problem with that was that we were left wondering what happened throughout most of the movie , but the character himself never seemed to care . 
  and then , just to top it all off , they randomly threw in that extra line at the end hinting at the answer . 
  in this film , the character is clearly wondering why her parents had to leave and why they could never come back , and so the audience cares about it , but we also have faith that we * will * get an answer . 
  oh god that video is just awful . 
  i think he might have made one or two decent arguments as sub-points under point 10 , but most of it was just drivel . 
  and he delivers it in this awful style . 
  is he trying to be funny to make up for his lack of good arguments ? 
  i agree with most of what you wrote yourself , but why would you link to that shit ? 
  i agree that they absolutely should not have been doing the same types of manoeuvres that we saw in the prequels , but that 's because none of the characters that wielded lightsabers in this were skilled enough to deserve that . 
  finn is just utterly not force sensitive . 
  rey was incredibly powerful with the force , but untrained in both it and the lightsaber . 
  kylo seems to have had some training , but it seems like he uses far too much outward rage ( as demonstrated by his frequent attacking the walls and control systems ) that he is unrefined . 
  but the characters are obviously going to become more skilled as the series goes on , and hopefully towards the end of episode ix we 'll be seeing fights with the same incredible degree of choreography we saw in anakin vs. obi-wan , or anakin & obi-wan vs. dooku . 
  the characters just have to earn it first . 
   the fact that we know that scene is an opera, 
  it 's actually a ballet , fwiw . 
  i believe it 's called an opera scene because it takes place in an opera house . 
  but in real life , ballets , operas , and symphonic concerts all frequently take place in opera houses . 
  thanks for the link though , though mozart example was a fantastic illustration of your point ( which i find * very * convincing ) . 
  nah i 'm totally with you on that . 
  i actually have a far more positive opinion of the prequels than most people do , but they were bland at best . 
  i think the * concept * of them was fantastic ( like , just about any fair one-to-two page summary of each of them would leave me wanting more -- though i know many do n't like them even on that front ) , but the execution was just bad on so many fronts : dialogue ( this is , imo , the absolute biggest problem ) , casting/acting ( i think the actors get unfairly criticised for what was in fact bad dialogue given to them , but much of the acting still was not as good as it should have been ) , visuals/effects , and more . 
  it made it difficult to care as much about the characters and what happened to them as we did in this latest film . 
  i just do n't think that they should be criticised for things that they did well , and the lightsaber fight choreography is one of those things . 
  ( the biggest other thing , imo , is the music . 
  i like to say that `` across the stars '' has the largest ratio of quality of music for a love theme to quality of on-screen romance of any piece of music , for example . ), 
  if we care as much about these characters in episode ix as we do now ( or , even better , if we care about them * more * ) , then to see the same kick-arse choreography as from the prequels would be incredible . 
  i loved the fights in this movie because it fit the characters so well ; i just hope the characters ' fighting skills develop as the characters themselves do . 
   there was really no reason to update scenes with cgi for the sake of it, 
  agree completely . 
  like i said , the random background aliens , the rocks that r2 hides behind , stuff like that just is n't needed . 
  it adds visual noise that slightly detracts from the experience , but ultimately do n't really cause * too * much of a problem . 
   or to try to tie the prequels to the originals, 
  really disagree . 
  the emperor has an established look not just in the prequels , but in episode vi as well . 
  his hologram in the original iv and v looked utterly awful just even in its own right , and * also * did n't match . 
  it 's a pretty clear-cut justified change . 
  but boba fett 's change was one that i 'm aware is controversial . 
  frankly i do n't give a shit . 
  the only argument that i 've ever seen against it is one from nostalgia , and that 's just bullshit reasoning . 
  frankly i 've never understood why he was such a fan favourite character to begin with . 
  he has like four lines , one of them a scream while he gets hopelessly tossed into the sarlacc pit . 
  he was n't even all that competent at his job , as shown in the movies . 
  he did hardly anything and then he died . 
  it 's only in the eu that he did much of significance . 
  jango fett was a far more developed character , and he * certainly * had far more screen time and lines . 
  and boba is his clone . 
  it makes sense that an adult boba would have the same voice as jango and the clones . 
  from a less specific standpoint , i 'm a huge believer in internal consistency . 
  when things are inconsistent within what is supposed to be a single universe , that really frustrates me .
