  it does n't matter if they get mad or not . 
  you should n't be doing it to people without their permission . 
  it 's a dick move , regardless of whether or not you get caught . 
  regulatory approval from the accc . 
  it 's worth noting that some people think that there 's very little chance that the regulatory approval wo n't be granted , and that it 's essentially a rubber stamp . 
  i do n't know what it 's like in europe , but australia is listed as being an `` easter monday country '' on that list . 
  we are n't really . 
  we have a public holiday on the monday , but that 's just because we always ( at least in most cases ) have a public holiday on the monday if it occurred on the weekend . 
  since easter is always on sunday , we have easter monday as an extra public holiday . 
  like i said , i dunno if it 's the same in europe , or if easter monday actually holds celebratory significance , that 's certainly possible . 
  perhaps i was taught incorrectly , but i lived in korea for three years and was taught that those two are identically pronounced ... :\\, 
  this comment makes me think about running a game for 10k people . 
  oh god no . 
  that 's a load of crock , mate . 
  i 'm not going to bother arguing around in circles , but the fact of the matter is that whether you like it or not , the entire web only exists as it does today because of advertising . 
  unless you want to be paying dozens of subscription fees to individual websites , advertising is here to stay . 
  if you 're blocking ads , you 're stealing . 
  and worse than that , you 're stealing stuff that they 're already offering you entirely free of charge . 
  so you ca n't even make the same types of arguments people make defending piracy , like `` the pricing is unreasonable '' or `` the region restriction/delayed releases are unreasonable '' . 
  it is a massive dick move , and if you do n't feel bad for doing it , then you are morally bankrupt . 
  oh god that 's genius . 
  are you not going to go and repost it over there ? 
  i just got a new really high end keyboard . 
  cost something like $ 4,000 . 
  the feel of the keys is honestly just as good as what you 'd get on a cheap upright . 
  the sound quality is n't quite the same -- you obviously do n't get that beautiful sympathetic resonance -- but it 's also pretty good . 
  comes with the advantage of not needing to worry about tuning , too . 
  wait , you ca n't multitask on some carriers in america ? 
  what the fuck verizon . 
  damn this stuff is really good . 
  both the spell-less ranger ( which is obviously something a * lot * of people have been asking for ) and the favoured soul look like really well-built interesting archetypes to play . 
  and i 'm a * big * fan of the way they 've given out advice for which features are important to the other classes and which are easier to change . 
  telling us things like how the paladin is balanced around defensive abilities , or about the careful wording of martial arts regarding unarmed strike not being finesse . 
  and also noting the difference between how important archetype choices are in different classes . 
  the rogue 's archetypes being an enormous part of what an individual rogue can do , versus the wizard 's arcane tradition being a much more minor choice . 
  it feels like an immense amount of upfront transparency , which i really like . 
  should be incredibly helpful for anyone wanting to modify existing classes . 
   be tempted to impose a general house rule that twinning a spell with a material component that is consumed by the spell requires you to use up twice the material, 
  would that even necessarily be a house rule ? 
  i do n't have the phb in front of me right now , but i would have thought the wording of twinned spell is probably vague enough that without an errata , either way could be considered within raw . 
   fazored should, 
  hahaha . 
  i love autocorrect sometimes , and other times it can just be so damn annoying . 
  but i do agree , it certainly does seem like a really powerful choice . 
  i 'd want to take a closer look comparing what they get level by level before claiming it massively overpowers the others , but on the surface it seems like it might . 
  no , no , see , you do n't understand . 
  chrome does n't do this one particular thing , therefore it is terrible , therefore anything anyone tries to say positive ( even if only tangentially ) about it must be wrong . 
  seriously , get with the programme , mate !, 
  most of the ingress players in my area have switched to glympse . 
  yeah glympse is what ingressers in my area ( and probably many other areas ) switched to when latitude went away . 
  - bash : dircolors : command not found, 
  could this be something that only works out of the box in linux ? 
  i 'm running os x. 
  ` . dircolors ` already exists , but it 's empty . 
  but thanks , you were right regarding the permissions being set weirdly . 
  is there a way to recursively find all files with a certain extension and remove the executable bit if it 's set ? 
  i imagine ( though might be wrong ) that it could be done within the context of a single folder by doing ` chmod - x * . mp3 ` ( for mp3 files , for example ) , but it 'd be handy to be able to do it recursively for everything under my home folder . 
  ah right , thanks for the clarification there . 
  yeah , i 'm running os x ( so a mostly bsd-based system ) . 
  oddly enough , i do actually have a ~ / . dircolors file , and i do n't * think * i put it there myself . 
  it 's empty , though . 
  i mean ... if it 's a restriction of the technology they chose , surely that * is * their fault then , is n't it ? 
  perhaps less so than what i was thinking before , but still their fault . 
  i 'm honestly not all that sure . 
  to my knowledge , cdma basically does n't exist in any signifacant way outside of america , everyone else uses gsm . 
  so i have n't really done much research into cdma . 
  damn this stuff is really good . 
  both the spell-less ranger ( which is obviously something a * lot * of people have been asking for ) and the favoured soul look like really well-built interesting archetypes to play . 
  and i 'm a * big * fan of the way they 've given out advice for which features are important to the other classes and which are easier to change . 
  telling us things like how the paladin is balanced around defensive abilities , or about the careful wording of martial arts regarding unarmed strike not being finesse . 
  and also noting the difference between how important archetype choices are in different classes . 
  the rogue 's archetypes being an enormous part of what an individual rogue can do , versus the wizard 's arcane tradition being a much more minor choice . 
  it feels like an immense amount of upfront transparency , which i really like . 
  should be incredibly helpful for anyone wanting to modify existing classes . 
  yeah , basically , the ' # ' makes it an < h1  tag ( i.e. , a first level heading , and ' ## ' can be used to make < h2  tags -- second level heading -- etc. ) . 
  using the backslash before a character in this way is called `` escaping '' the character , and it basically tells the interpreter `` i want this next character to be shown as the actual character it is , not as the special meaning it represents '' . 
  similarly , like you can use \\* asterisks to make text italic \\* , you can put a backslash before the asterisks to just make it be asterisks around text . 
   or you could buy princes of the apocalypse which is a different campaign , one which i 'm told follows on quite well from the starter set adventure, 
  i could be wrong , but i thought pota has n't come out yet ? 
  is n't it supposed to be released later today ? 
  oh awesome , thanks , that first tip actually did work ( $ bash_version is ` 3.2.57 ( 1 ) - release ` , fwiw ) -- as did the second . 
  i did n't try the third , since i 'd rather not remove the execute bit from all files , though i had a quick look , and the ` man ` pages for ` find ` do seem to suggest it 's got ` - perm ` . 
  regarding the second , if you do n't mind my asking , what exactly does the ` { } + ` at the end do ? 
  from reading the ` man ` pages , i get some vague idea that it has something to do with helping it work with multiple files at once , but i 'm not entirely sure . 
  but yeah , thanks a heap for that . 
  i had no idea about being able to use ` ** / ` . 
  seems like it 'd be really useful . 
  yeah , that 's correct . 
  if it actually was solving it `` one asshole at a time '' , we 'd never get anywhere . 
  but for each asshole that gets caught out and publicly shamed like this , many more will take note and think twice before doing the same thing themselves . 
  ah awesome . 
  thanks for all the help . 
  i often extend my pinky a little just because it does n't fit inside the handle , so i got ta do something with it . 
  it tends to hang out in a way that looks a little like the posh extended pinky . 
  yeah , i do that sometimes , too . 
  i 'm a little confused . 
  what benefits would this get me , exactly ? 
  also , why anger ? 
   move away from the reality shows as prime , using them only as filler . 
  the public 's appetite is falling away , and they are only ever remakes and rehashes of foreign properties anyway .
