  makin ' love to his tonic and gin, 
  same with any job in mining here in australia . 
  even the people out there who do cleaning or whatever are on heaps, 
  fun fact , the people who made the png format gave it a name that they thought would be unambiguous , specifically because of the problems over gif ( which uses a soft g , by the way ! ) . 
  seems to me as though there 's is far more ambiguous . 
  reddit 's damn mind is irrelevant . 
  it 's a soft g because , if nothing else , that 's how the developers named it . 
  scuba ? 
  same as the u in scuba is n't the same as u in underwater . 
  the expansion of the acronym is completely irrelevant in how you pronounce the acronym . 
  it 's a soft g because that 's how the developers named it . 
  the acronym is irrelevant . 
  scuba is n't pronounced with the same u as in underwater . 
  g followed by a vowel followed by a * single * consonant , or followed by another vowel , is pronounced with a soft g. followed by two consonants where one is another soft g , is also pronounced as a soft g. 
  but more importantly , the developers called it gif with a soft g , and i 'd say their word is the most important factor . 
  yeah , that was a poor example he gave there . 
  but scuba is n't . 
  you do n't say oonderwater , do you ? 
  or scubba ? 
  it 's not like there 's an etymological reason scuba is n't pronounced scubba . 
  gif is a g , followed by a consonant , followed by a single vowel . 
  the most natural way to pronounce that combination is with a soft g. 
  never mind the fact that the creators of the format named it with a soft g. 
  haha fair enough . 
  sorry for jumping on you like that . 
  wow , brilliant . 
  really simple . 
  i hope to see the results of it soon !, 
  particularly the breakdown of which areas trust which country more . 
  would you be opposed to discussion of the topic here ? 
  haha , i completely forgot about that new feature in lion and ml . 
  i 've always used the option keys , it 's a lot faster if you know how it works . 
  for a clarification on how to do it : you press option + the `` accent key '' , release that , and then press the letter you want to give the accent to . 
  each type of accent has a different key . 
  acute is e ( opt-e + o gives \u00f3 ) , grave is the funny symbol to the left of num1 ( below the tilde ~ ) , so opt + ` + i gives \u00ec . 
  the umlaut is on the u : \u00fc, 
  circumflex is on the i : \u00ee, 
  you can also do the wavy thing using n , so opt + n then n gives \u00f1 ( works on some vowels , too : \u00f5 ), 
  there are a heap of other things you can do using the option key ( and a heap more if you also press shift ) . 
  it 's worth playing around with ( use the keyboard viewer , it really helps ! ) . 
  edit : and , of course , the one that started this all . 
  \u00e7 is done by just option + c. 
  it 's not an accent modifier like the others are . 
  option + shift + c gives \u00c7 . 
  reminds me of dark cloud . 
  nothing specific , though perhaps [ reminiscence ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayamcw7fr_u ) would be a good sample . 
  i 'm too lazy to click , but is that cgpgrey ? 
  because it 's an awesome video if so . 
  i 'm a proponent of a 5 continent model . 
  eurasia , north america , south america , africa , and australia . 
  merge europe and asia because of how clearly they are a single landmass . 
  do n't merge africa with that , or merge the two americas , because of how thin their connections are ( panama being a giant isthmus ) , and do n't count antarctica because it 's an archipelago . 
  but i digress . 
  but if you do it on cultural divides , the middle east is clearly extremely different from eastern asia , and south asia ( indian subcontinent ) has a pretty significant difference , too . 
  actually , there could be as few as just 2 . 
  afroeurasia and the americas . 
  that would be discounting australia for being too small , and antarctica for being an archipelago . 
  more likely would be 3 , adding in australia . 
  but man , this conversation used to come up so often when i was on 9gag ( yeah ... i know ... ) . 
  it always , and i really do mean * always * -- it came up every time the term `` america '' was mentioned in relation to the usa -- devolved into a flame between the south americans ( a large percentage of the site ) and most of the others , arguing over whether or not the americas are one continent or two , and also whether using `` america '' to refer to the usa is valid . 
  it 's such a relief to see the same conversation come up here on reddit and have it discussed as civilly and informatively as this . 
  antarctica is actually an archipelago , once you remove the ice , not a true continent , and so some models for the number of continents discount it . 
  i 'm a proponent of a 5 continent model . 
  eurasia , north america , south america , africa , and australia . 
  merge europe and asia because of how clearly they are a single landmass . 
  do n't merge africa with that , or merge the two americas , because of how thin their connections are ( panama being a giant isthmus ) , and do n't count antarctica because it 's an archipelago . 
  but as others have doubtless shown you ( and you should watch the cgpgrey video that has almost certainly been linked here ) , it 's a very vague question with no definitive answer . 
  only for ios . 
  should work fine on iphones and ipod touches , and on ipads , but awkwardly . 
  real bummer , though , that it 's not available on android and desktop . 
   frankly mate i 'm getting sick of you talking shit about things you clearly know nothing on, 
  was gon na just ignore this thread and move on , but i saw this and just what the fuck man . 
  you could n't even try to take the high ground ? 
  be civil towards him , despite him not doing the same for you ? 
  but seriously , i wish it was on android , as that 's what i have , but just because it has a higher percentage market penetration , does n't mean more people would see the app if it were only android vs only ios . 
  ios users have a higher tendency to download apps and stuff than android users . 
  people with android phones tend to fall into one of two categories : users who got one because it 's a `` smart phone '' , but cheaper than the iphone ( or maybe just because it 's `` not '' the iphone because they 're one of those people that irrationally hate on apple as a whole ) , and ones who made the choice because it 's the platform they explicitly prefer . 
  the former category is unlikely to download many apps , if any , and if they do , it 'll most likely just be facebook , instagram , and snapchat ( and others like that ) . 
  the latter is the one i ( and most likely you ) fall into . 
  i like android , and got a phone running that os because i prefer it over ios . 
  i 'm a technologically capable person , and i enjoy finding heaps of interesting apps to use . 
  the majority of users fall into that former category , and thus it is quite likely ( i have n't got the statistics , but i imagine that the bos does ) that more users will use the app on ios than would on android . 
  your original post , by the way , had no semblance of irony . 
  even if we accept your premise that more users on android = more users will download the app , you do n't know that that was their intention . 
  maybe they had other statistics that showed them ios users need whatever educational benefit this supplies more than android users . 
  maybe they just had a bunch of people with experience developing for ios , so the cost to them of developing it is lower than training or hiring people to do it for android . 
  edit : realised you specifically mentioned number of app downloads . 
  that 's a meaningless statistic by itself . 
  far better would be median app downloads per user . 
  hahaha , i 'm wondering , actually , if perhaps back then `` makin ' love '' meant the same as `` making out '' does today . 
  i was gon na go and find a random baby in the street , run up , take a photo , and leave . 
  [ this guy said it better than i could ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/1eoro1/kevin_rudd_now_supports_marriage_equality/ca2ahqw ), 
  [ so what ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/1eoro1/kevin_rudd_now_supports_marriage_equality/ca2ahqw ), 
  good job , and this may make them seem logical , until you realise windows 7 was in fact 6.1 , and win8 is 6.2 . 
  yeah but it 's not * nerdy * domination fantasy . 
  your comment appears directly below someone saying balls the size of jupiter . 
  it makes your comment come across almost like an insult . 
  yeah , his reasoning is poor , but his point is valid . 
  a more general statement would be :,
