  angry has a * lot * of brilliant articles out there , and a lot of really smart ideas . 
  but he has some less great ones too , and this is definitely one of the worst . 
  really ? 
  i was of the understanding that it 's a lot * broader * than we commonly assume , with many modern animals technically being classified as dinosaurs . 
  the fact that pterosaurs and prehistoric marine reptiles are not dinosaurs is , i feel , pretty widely known by people who are even the slightest bit interested in such matters . 
  nope . 
  the word has the same connotations for those of us outside america , too . 
  it 's largely thought of as an american phenomenon , but the word does exist and people think of the same types of things . 
  in australia , as / u/captaincalamity90 says , we have david leyonhjelm . 
  oh yeah , the term libertarian socialist is totally familiar to the commonwealth , and probably the us . 
  but that comes back to my initial statement of `` when used by itself '' . 
  adding extra modifiers , or even in some cases a wider context of the sentence , can change the way people interpret the word . 
  in europe , if you started a conversation by claiming to be a `` libertarian '' , what would most people think ? 
  i 'd be surprised ( though quite interested ) if it 's not the same as in the us . 
  i 've never played a character that 's had access to it , but personally i think i would * love * the spell . 
  i think it 's one that , rather than being extremely * situational * per se , is very dependent on the style of game your group plays . 
  it 's either going to be frequently useful , or basically never useful , and i think it 's probably fairly consistently going to stay that way as long as the same group/dm dynamic is in play , rather than something like feather fall which is just very dependent on the exact situation at hand . 
  that 's actually a really interesting idea . 
  randomly generate , say , five , and then select two . 
  or maybe completely randomly generate one , and then let the player select their second at will . 
  it 's definitely an interesting idea to play with . 
  it was pretty clear from context what they meant by that , i thought ... 
  you can say it 's `` compatible with the latest edition of the world 's most popular roleplaying game '' , i believe . 
  unless they 've trademarked `` world 's most popular roleplaying game '' as well . 
   maybe have the initial vampire to undead what warforged are to constructs . 
  so have this be a `` living vampire '' or something, 
  a better option for something like that might be a [ vryloka ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 3tp1bm/vryloka _ race_v5_final / ) , or * perhaps * a [ dhampir ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 3t630z/dhampir _ race_three_subraces / ) . 
  while these are both fine options , and a reflavouring of either of them could be satisfactory for some people , they are quite distinct from both each other and from full vampires in terms of their flavour and , as a result , in the way that they would generally play out . 
  a top level barbarian will have 278 hp , assuming max con and taking the average rather than rolling , and assuming no extra hp sources ( such as hill dwarf or the tough feat ) . 
  bear totem barbs in addition are going to be taking half damage on nearly * every * attack against them , making their hp effectively almost 556 . 
  if they build themselves for defense , they can also have an ac of 24 without accounting for magical items , making them one of the toughest things to hit in the game , and when you do hit them , it still takes ages to kill . 
  their point -- and it 's a point i disagree with , for the reasons explained by / u/rollingforinitiative -- was that intelligence is misnamed , and that it should be called `` knowledge '' instead because , according to them , the stat more closely represents knowledge and not intelligence . 
  whether their point is * correct * or not is a separate question , but the point that you 've made does n't refute it in any way -- it 's essentially arguing orthogonally to the real issue . 
   and never have been able to forage the berries in the first place, 
  unless , perhaps , they had a book telling them which types of berries are safe and in what kinds of environments they 're found . 
  [ this is probably your best bet ] ( http://www.wfg.woodwind.org/clarinet/cl_alt_4.html ) . 
  they 've got huge numbers of fingerings , so find the one that works best for you and your instrument . 
  bar tab and keeping tabs are two completely unrelated meanings ? 
  interesting , i had always assumed that the two were closely related . 
  arrowverse is my preferred name for it , just because `` flarrowverse '' sounds insanely dumb , and does n't account for all the other shows that have been added like legends , and that cartoon they did which i think is getting expanded into a proper show . 
  the options are either keep expanding the name getting stupider and stupider as more and more shows get added , or make a name from where it first started , and leave it at that . 
  supergirl is n't in the arrowverse , though . 
  they 've announced that the flash will appear on supergirl in an upcoming episode , but the prevailing theory is that it 'll be done by using multiversal shenanigans , rather than retconning the two shows into the same universe . 
  i 've heard `` cwverse '' used as well , and i quite like that name , but if they end up putting supergirl into the arrowverse proper ( either by some terrible retconning , or by having universes merge somehow ) , that name will go out the window . 
  one down each boot , one in a scabbard at each hip , one just behind each shoulder blade , and ... umm ... one strapped to each thigh ? 
  yeah , op meant for it to be grouped as '' [ do n't install snap links lite ] or [ disable it ] '' , but the more natural way of reading it ( the way i did at first , and the way / u/pikamander2 has ) , is `` do n't [ install snap links lite or disable it ] '' . 
  i feel like that would be worse . 
  using your third and fourth fingers to type qu , instead of your second and fourth , as it currently is , is more awkward , since the fingers are jammed close together when you move down to the bottom row . 
  just try typing qe as it is currently : it feels like much more work than qu does . 
  how much is there really to say about it ? 
  it 's a vastly superior keyboard layout : faster , more accurate , and more ergonomic . 
  there 's not a huge amount of conversation to be had around it . 
   i know he said that he lives grey in one of his livestreams, 
  i think you perhaps a word ? 
  or maybe it 's just a typo/overzealous autocorrection ? 
  middle finger . 
  but i would * highly * recommend trying to learn good habits from the start . 
  for me , that was a huge part of the advantage of switching to dvorak -- an opportunity to unlearn bad habits i picked up with qwerty , and relearn everything from the ground up the proper way . 
  to me , this hinges on the fact that sports and games are inherently competitive , whereas music rarely is , or when it is , that aspect is tacked on to the music , rather than being an inherent part of it . 
  so no , musicians are not athletes . 
  note that it 's not one per turn , it 's `` if you use a bonus action , no other spells on tour turn '' . 
  you can cast two spells with actions if you get two actions , for example with a small dip into fighter for action surge . 
  i wish this were an av vote , or perhaps approval voting . 
  i ** really ** do n't want to see another generic fantasy setting ; that itch is scratched by the realms . 
  but eberron and dark sun are * both * ones that i 'd really like to see . 
  sorry / u/tweetposter , but in this case you 're not nearly as useful as a nice manual comment . 
  dark sun pulling ahead , greyhawk falling behind . 
  * 28 % dark sun, 
  * 27 % dragonlance, 
  * 21 % greyhawk, 
   i never cared for dragonlance as i could n't see how it was so different than forgotten realms, 
  this is my feeling , too . 
  i 'm sure it 's got plenty going for it , but it , just like greyhawk and the realms , is still fundamentally generic fantasy . 
  there 's just no need for more than one generic fantasy setting this early in the life of the edition , when so far not a * single * setting has come out other than fr yet . 
  there 's no particular reason in my mind that using fr was the best choice of the generic fantasy settings , but now that it * has * been used , wizards should stick to more exotic settings with stronger themes for the next few settings they release . 
  using ravenloft for the upcoming campaign is a great decision , and either eberron or dark sun ( out of the options presented in this poll ) are good options in the future . 
  on the other hand , he ( or it may have been mearls ) mentioned that the next story would involve giants , and would be shakespearean themed . 
  instead , we 're getting strahd . 
  not that there 's any problem with that , just that it 's evidence that they may change their minds quite substantially about what 's coming out when . 
  he explains this literally right after ... 
  literally no one is saying that . 
  all they 're doing is using an existing movie to provide an analogy or example of the sort of tone we can expect the movie to have . 
  as far as i can tell , shawarma is n't a word with any meaning outside a type of food . 
  my best guess is that it 's a typo or autocorrect issue , because as it is , that sentence makes no sense . 
  magic is , of course , an important of high fantasy , but it is n't the only one . 
  the existence of foreign races like elves , dwarves , and orcs is another , as is the setting being a largely foreign one . 
  harry potter fails because it is very clearly set in 1990s britain . 
  a song of ice and fire fails because it is both low magic and foreign races are rare . 
  despite tolkien 's protestations to the contrary , e\u00e4 is very clearly not our world . 
  foreign species are everywhere , and magic , though rare , is very well known about and presented as a fairly accepted aspect of the universe , unlike asoiaf 's world , where many do not trust or even really believe in magic . 
  could we get that in utc , so those of us in the rest of the world can work out when it is ? 
  the convention is for one strong saving throw proficiency ( dex , con , wis ) and one weak one ( str , int , cha ) . 
  you 've given it two weak saves . 
  yeah that 's exactly my thoughts . 
  i voted for eberron , but i 'm happy for either eberron or dark sun to win . 
  but more generic fantasy ? 
  just ... why ? 
  why would you possibly vote for that ? 
  i bought scag , but i have n't bought any adventure books . 
  i 'd probably buy a scag-like book for eberron or dark sun .
