  / r/marksmanmains , at least from my brief look at it , appears not to actually be about the use of guns , but is about some aspect of a video game . 
  true , but then arrows are pretty closely related to guns , too . 
  so we are debating whether or not we should call for public opinions on the matter , rather than debating the matter itself here ? 
  if so , then yes , i think that is a good idea . 
  the public should certainly be consulted as to whether they think such a major change to the way voting is conducted in this country . 
  personally , i would think that we should have near unanimous consensus if we were to change . 
  according to the homebrew race guide , this is a +6.5 , which is around the bottom end of strength for most playable races . 
  however , that 's reliant on its swim speed being worth +0.5 per 10 ft. , and frankly i do n't think it 's worth that much . 
  i think this could use a little more . 
  maybe 40 ft. swim and a relevant damage resistance ? 
  not sure exactly , but i feel it needs * something * . 
  `` one to embody power , the other to crave it . '', 
  as you say , the rule of two does n't really work if you need multiple slaves . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'd usually suggest aiming for between 6 , * maybe * 5.5 , and 7.5 . 
  but anyway , my main point was that even though it 's nominally 6.5 , i do n't think that 's an accurate assessment at all . 
  there 's no way 30 ft. swimming is worth 1.5 . 
  dooku had an apprentice ? 
  interesting , i do n't remember that at all ... 
  and vader did ? 
  i know he was courting luke , but he did n't * actually * have an apprentice , did he ? 
  but anyway , i feel like it 's unfair to try to apply the rule of two to anyone during sidious 's era . 
  sidious himself decided that the rule of two was archaic , and instead wanted to implement a rule of one , where he himself would be the one permanent sith lord , and would have apprentices as necessary to keep him in power , but would not give them the ability to overthrow him as all previous sith apprentices had under the rule of two . 
  i rather like that episode of qi where they suggested the rule should be `` i before e except after c , except most of the time '' , or something like that . 
  oh , asajj was dooku 's apprentice ? 
  i remember her from tiny fragments of the clone wars cartoon that i watched when i was younger ( not the recent cg one , the older traditionally animated one ) , but i never watched enough of it to really know what was going on . 
  and i had definitely not heard of vader 's apprentices before . 
  but my knowledge of the eu is entirely from browsing wookiepedia a few times , so i do n't know too much about it . 
  that thing about darth plagueis is very interesting , though . 
  i had always assumed plagueis 's death happened long before the events of episode one . 
  interesting to discover otherwise . 
  honestly , my last campaign was a water-based one . 
  the main enemies were merfolk and merrows . 
  and while the swim speed would certainly have been useful , i do n't think it would be game breaking . 
  i do n't even think it 's worth as much as the spells are ( and , according to this guide , it * is * worth as much as the spells ) , and that 's in the * best case scenario * . 
  i 'd say it 's still only worth about +0.5 up until 30 feet ( at which point it 's basically just saying `` you can swim equally as well as you can walk ) , and * maybe * +1.0 if it goes up to 40 feet . 
  it 's worth even less in a more typical land-based campaign , since it 's a * very * situational ability . 
  i view it as far more of a ribbon than an actual feature . 
  and that 's not a bad thing at all !, 
  ribbons are exceedingly important in building a good race . 
  i just find it hard to believe that said ribbon is worth as much as a cantrip and two once-per-day spells . 
   crafted by those who are anti-gun rights, 
  lol what . 
  it 's a slight ( and fairly logical ) variation on the official fbi definition of the term . 
  instead of it being 4 deaths , it 's 4 people shot . 
  makes sense . 
  if 4 people got shot , clearly this is n't one person out to kill another specific person ( i.e. , a fairly `` standard '' homicide ) , so the term `` mass shooting '' seems appropriate . 
  umm ... where did all this come from ? 
  all the guy you replied to was saying is that it appeared as though the trending subreddits for today are all linked to a theme . 
  yes , he was wrong about that , but there was no `` bleeding-heart liberal '' commentary , or anything remotely related to an opinion on gun control or the lack thereof . 
  i actually agree with you in general , but i feel like you 've probably replied to the wrong person ... 
  is the north china sea even a real thing ? 
  i 'm familiar with the south china sea and the east china sea , but no north china sea ... the northernmost sea that china borders , as far as i know , would be the sea known to most of the west as the `` yellow sea '' , what koreans call the `` west sea '' . 
   a handful of those identified as `` wounded '' were not injured by gunfire but rather suffered injuries incidental to the event , such as being hit by flying objects/shattered glass or falling while running . 
  i dunno , if they 're injured by things that got broken because of the shooting , or got injured running away from the shooting . 
  to be honest , that whole article feels like it 's desperately grabbing at excuses . 
  why should it we discount shootings because it was a guy who had a gun and decided to kill his family ? 
  or even gang-related activities ? 
  these are all activities that , in a society with fewer guns , would be much rarer and less deadly . 
  that 's the sort of language that we see pro gun people use all the time , and it 's frankly just insulting to their own humanity . 
  a few bits of the flavour at the beginning needed a couple of commas added . 
  there are a few points in the mechanical text that could use it , too , but those seem less awkward . 
  hit dice should read `` per spirit mage level '' . 
  you left off the spirit . 
   your spirit dice changes, 
  should be either `` your spirit die changes '' or `` your spirit dice change '' . 
  as it is , you 're mixing a singular verb conjugation with a plural noun , and that 's really awkward . 
  why does peaceful slumber specify how long the thp last ? 
  is there a reason they do n't just use the normal thp rules ? 
  inner self sounds very much like a ribbon with nearly no mechanical benefit . 
  that 's not necessarily a problem , since you get other features at level 10 , but i felt the need to explicitly point it out . 
  it could be worth considering also granting resistance to poison damage . 
  soul and mind feels like a very dead feature . 
  it allows something most players would be doing through meta anyway . 
  ( and for those who dislike this because it feels like metagaming , remember that your characters have spent a lot of time adventuring together , and would have talked about strategies , or at least observed how each other behave , enough that in character it makes sense that they would have some ability to predict what each other is going to do . ), 
  that 's not a huge problem , since they 're getting a new spell level and a proficiency increase at that level , but again , it 's something to be aware of . 
  shielding hand should say `` spirit die '' not `` spirit dice '' . 
  soul restore has some weird line spacing . 
  reinforced link . zz, 
  spell lists are normally in alphabetical order by level . 
  you should really do the same . 
  otherwise it feels good . 
  i ca n't comment in detail on balance because i 'm not sure how to go about that in a class , but it certainly does n't have anything that * screams * op to me . 
  really nice flavour , and decent feeling mechanics . 
  so it 's okay if they use their turn to move out of range , and then on your turn you move to catch up ? 
  i should probably point out here , that dndgreentext is by far the larger sub of the two , and * it does allow any format of stories * . 
  so if you 've got stories to submit but do n't want to use the greentext format , feel free to submit them at dndgreentext anyway . 
  it 's really just a place for sharing dnd stories . 
  * finally *, 
  but that clearly is n't true . 
  they have presented themselves both on their front page and in media releases as a competitor for * skype * . 
  skype is very definitively * not * just for gamers . 
  video chat is a very core feature for any communications programme or service , and this is lacking it . 
  nah , i 'm definitely keen to do it . 
  it 's more just a matter of logistics . 
  if you have to paste in all the relevant people anyway , it 's not * that * much more convenient , while it 's rather a lot of work to implement . 
  on the other hand , it probably would n't be too much work to maintain multiple lists on subreddit wikis , and simply mention which list you want to page . 
  so for example there could be / r/modelauscommittees/wiki / procedure_members and / r/modelauscommittees/wiki / joint_select_committee_on_electoral_matters_members , and it could be paged with ` !, 
  page - l procedure_members `` for voting on thing '' ` , and have it look up the members in procedure_members . 
  it could still have a default paging list set for each subreddit , so that in the hor and senate it could still be used as it previously has been .
