  i 've got no interest in psionics that just casts elemental spells ( or most spells in general ) . 
  to me , what makes psions awesome is mental powers . 
  particularly telepathic powers like `` mind thrust '' and `` memory hole '' , but telekinetics are cool too . 
  i have n't read much into the `` shaping '' school of psionics , but from what i have seen , it also seems pretty cool . 
  but the elemental stuff ? 
  meh , just seems unnecessary when arcane or divine already magic exist and can do that just fine . 
  but i definitely agree with you vis-\u00e0-vis flexibility thanks to spell points . 
  being able to choose whether you do a lot of weak attacks/powers or a smaller number of larger ones is a nice change from the traditional vancian system other casters use ( and in 4e , the spell point system makes for a nice change from the typical at-will , encounter , daily system ) . 
  i 'll be honest , i actually reopened this thread just now specifically because the first time i came here , he had n't commented . 
  is that the same game as ricky ponting cricket 2007 ? 
  yeah if i * had * to pick one period , i 'd call him romantic . 
  though generally i prefer to say he 's both late classical and early romantic . 
  some musicologists have described his symphony no. 3 as the `` first '' piece of romantic era music , so i tend to use that as the borderline . 
  that passacaglia and fugue is perhaps one of the most chilling pieces of the baroque era . 
  though i must confess to not being a big fan of the rendition you linked . 
  i like it much better on [ organ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1atqflybzuk ) or [ full orchestra ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6erpa0hckgo ) . 
  absolutely fantastic piece , either way . 
  yeah definitely . 
  it 's like bach in a way . 
  his death is usually said to mark the end of the baroque . 
  that says a * lot * about how influential he was to that period , even if he himself did n't really do anything to explicitly usher in the next era . 
  [ gfycat ] ( http://gfycat.com/ ) can take a video ( up to 15 seconds or 300 mb ) and turn it into a gfycat ( their html silent video ) . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if they are , but if they 're using it correctly , 300 mb is n't three hundred megabytes , it 's three hundred mega ** bits ** . 
  that 's only 37.5 mb . 
  ninjaedit : on second thought , i 'm pretty sure i 've seen ones that were larger than 38 mb , so i 'm guessing their uploading instructions are just wrong . 
  more swimming with the sharks ? 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  can we start with bronwyn bishop ? 
  haha wow !, 
  it actually really is !, 
  i was totally not expecting it to be that good . 
  what i find interesting is how similar the accordion sounds to the clarinet when it 's played this way . 
  especially in the really low registers it sounds just like a bass clarinet . 
  if you had given me just the audio of that and told me it was a clarinet choir , i probably would have believed you for a minute or two . 
  in sea it 's pretty normal to have wedding photos taken days or weeks after the fact . 
  so it would n't surprise me if some people also get them done beforehand . 
  i imagine it takes a bit of the stress off of the actual day . 
  edit : now that i think about it , it 's pretty common all over east asia , not just south-east ... 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  that might help explain why `` onion '' is pronounced more like it 's spelt `` ung '' than `` on '' . 
   why would it be pronounced like onion ? 
  i 'm guessing that op 's thinking is that it 's the `` un '' , which if it were like the prefix `` un - '' ( meaning `` not '' , as in `` unlikely '' ) , then it would be pronounced like that . 
  yeah , pronouncing u like that is certainly not uncommon . 
  u and h basically make up the biggest exceptions to the '' ` an ' before a vowel , ` a ' before a consonant '' rule ( if you go by letter -- obviously the correct method is to go by sound , and then there are no exceptions ) . 
  you join a union , but you are an honest person . 
  that 's flat out vandalism , and they should be charged accordingly . 
  what was his position in the company ? 
  like , was he the ceo , or just the next step up the ladder from you ? 
  because if it was the latter ( though i 'm sure you 've already thought of this if so ) going to * his * boss and letting them know what a colossal fuckup he is probably would have helped . 
  not only a bad person , but directly costing the company money . 
  hell , even if he * was * the ceo , if the company had any investors , one could probably complain to them and let them know what just happened . 
  i 've never seen it specifically offered , but they do always go around offering `` tea or coffee '' . 
  i do n't drink either , but i assume they have milk to go with it for those that do . 
  figured that was probably the case . 
  seriously , for some things , generic or off brand works just fine . 
  hell , i 've found one or two cases where it 's significantly better ( looking at you , woolworths home brand milk bottle lollies ) . 
  but oreos are not on that list . 
  has to be name brand or nothing . 
  same with maltesers . 
  should n't really be necessary . 
  at least with google maps , it has text descriptions of each road you need to take that are downloaded as soon as you start the trip . 
  an option for `` i do n't have a car '' would have helped . 
  your biggest problem , op , was n't that you do n't know how to greentext . 
  it 's that you do n't even know how to use the basic syntax used by all of reddit . 
  you need to put a black line in between in order for separate paragraphs to appear separate . 
  nevertheless , here 's a fixed version of your post :, 
   mobile , do n't know how to green text . 
   little backstory here . 
  party started with half orc rogue , anti paladin , and ranger . 
   start in little village, 
   village has a temple to morgoth ( le goddess of death ), 
   rogue convinces high priestess he is emissary of morgoth, 
   this comes into play later . 
   ffw a few sessions . 
   paladin now swashbuckler , ranger now lost man cleric ( essentially playing hannibal lector ), 
   last session they took side quest to kill necromancer, 
   since whole campaign is ad lib , i decided on another route for the story, 
   party mysteriously has precious item missing from each and all are wearing a mask of opposite emotion ( facial expression is opposite what character thinks they show , happy character looks sad etc. . . ), 
   they do n't realize until halfway to necromancer tower, 
   brush of this revelation, 
   arrive at nearby town, 
   absolutely zero sign off life , not even birds or insects, 
   swashbuckler immediately looks for tavern . 
   party heads into woods toward tower with rogue adopted daughter ( who is very spiritually attuned ) and henchman bandit in tow ( btw also have donkey cart pulled by dire would ), 
   woods are dark and foreboding, 
   come across towns graveyard, 
   rogue notices all graves have freshly disturbed dirt, 
   party decides to press on anyway, 
   since i wanted party to not do this quest , i decided to make this one very undesirable . 
  of course , players unknowingly have other plans, 
   woods get darker and more foreboding, 
   thick mist now rolling in, 
   even sky has gone dark, 
   arrive at clearing tower is in, 
   rogue steps into clearing, 
   mist vanishes, 
   notices bodies of townsfolk scattered around clearing, 
   hannibal smells for blood, 
   does n't smell any, 
   daughter tells rogue `` i do n't see any people '',
