  like ... apart from the lack of non-premium hardware , and the fact that the os has fewer games supporting it , it 's almost just a straight up better platform . 
  being a unix os is almost worth it all on its own , but combined with various other things ( some of the exclusive mac software is out of this world good , the included hardware peripherals are excellent , etc. 
  ) , plus the fact that it can run windows anyway if you really need it to , i can not even fathom someone despising mac who does n't also just blanket despise apple . 
  ( for a bit of context , i 'm an android guy on phones , mac on laptops , windows on desktop , and linux on my personal server . ), 
  yeah it 's a bit weird to be honest . 
  i myself mostly still use bc and ad , on the rare occasions that i need to specify it at all . 
  [ this guy has a rather amusing video in which he proposes an alternative name ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unaq2x_zqc4 ) which still uses the initialisms bc and ad , for extra convenience . 
  he also brings up the good point that bce and ce sound way too similar . 
  i 'm not a fan of his specific solution , but i like the idea . 
  he says bc should be `` backwards chronology '' and ad `` ascending dates '' . 
  personally i prefer `` before current '' . 
  not sure what ad should be though . 
  i 'm already not going to use the app , because i refuse to be forced to sign up for a video game video streaming website in order to use a tabletop game character management tool . 
  it really does seem like they 're doing everything they can to shoot themselves in the foot . 
  in good survey design , * all * questions are optional , except for those where a lack of an answer would make the entire survey response moot . 
  [ cartellieri concerto for clarinet and orchestra no . 
  1 in b flat ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiakqrfn9i8 ) . 
  [ clarinet concerto no . 
  3 in e flat ] ( https://youtu.be/0py-be1gvcy ) . 
  [ schubert 's grande marche funebre ] ( https://youtu.be/1yunnoufj-8 ) . 
  not an obscure composer at all , but it 's so obscure that until 2015 there was no version of it on youtube . 
  it 's a ( n in my opinion ) really cool little piece for piano 4 hands . 
  this particular performance is by christoph eschenbach ( whom some of you may have seen from his bizarre conducting of ravel 's bol\u00e9ro ) and justus frantz . 
  another work by a well known composer which is overshadowed by his other more well known works . 
  a lot of what at first sounds like talk about apple products is actually broader conversation about the use of technology for productivity through the lens of apple products , and may in fact be applicable even on other platforms . 
  though also a lot of the apple talk is just apple talk . 
  kelvin is not measured in degrees . 
  25 k , never 25 \u00b0 k. 
  i believe it 's called [ not you ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/not-you-tu-no ) . 
  haha whoops . 
  got my sentences mixed up . 
  part of me wanted to say `` ayers rock has n't been '' , and the other part of me automatically translates `` ayers rock '' to `` uluru '' . 
   they have stated multiple times over the last few months that you will be able to make a regular d&d beyond account once the service goes live . 
  that 's great if true . 
  got a source ? 
  because i scoured the forums when they first released it and they were pretty adamant that that was not on the radar . 
  i took another cursory look at them when phases 2 and 3 went live . 
  and yeah , if i ca n't even fucking participate in the forums because they make you use some bullshit third party account just to give feedback , of course i 'm not going to be up to date with their more recent announcements . 
  i 'm not apologising for that . 
  yeah that was problematic . 
  all the other ones had `` positive feelings '' to the right . 
  but that one had it to the left . 
  would n't be surprised if some people did n't notice the switch and gave negative feedback . 
  whenever i get a new pair of headphones or speakers , the first thing i play through them is always beethoven 's symphony no . 
  9 , on its entirety . 
  i imagine i 'd do the same thing for a baby . 
   the second did n't upload correctly . 
   i fixed it just after posting, 
  i 'm still seeing only one . 
  even odder , i was on my phone before and saw one . 
  on my computer just now i 'm seeing two . 
  double checked my phone just now . 
  still one . 
  wtf, 
  it 's like you did n't even read the comment you just replied to . 
   qld has a problem with poor standards of driving, 
  honestly , i do n't agree . 
  i just got back from my second trip this month to nsw , and i noticed just as much shit driving there as i do here . 
  admittedly , 90 % of my riding is at non-peak hours and i deliberately avoid busy roads when i can . 
  but still , my experience has been the same as yours . 
  i do n't even remember the last time i got abuse from a driver . 
  last bit of abuse i remember was from a cunty pedestrian complaining that i should n't have been on the pavement . 
  also probably around summer or autumn , not christmas . 
  having it as an option is great . 
  spamming users who do n't use it with a message telling them they should be using it is not . 
  reddit 's host is vastly inferior to youtube , imgur , or gfycat . 
  it 's so slow as to be practically unusable on mobile . 
  get rid of that spammy automod thing . 
  there 's the prototypical soccer ball , but that style is n't used very much these days . 
  and other types of football have * never * been mostly black and white . 
  well , in that case we 're comparing to countries like vietnam and india , which are infamous for what would here be considered absolutely abysmal driving , or america where it seems people are quite proud to consider doing 10 ks over the limit completely normal . 
  we might not be as good as some places in europe , but i 'd dare say most aussies are above average in the global scale of things . 
   i do n't know what yahoo ! 7 is, 
  what ? 
  is this your first year on the internet ? 
  i know they 've not been particularly relevant for about a decade , but yahoo is one of the most famous internet companies out there ... 
  have you troubleshooted this by making sure you play the same video on multiple devices/browsers at the same time , to make sure it 's definitely chrome that 's causing the issue , and not something else -- or possibly simply a psychological thing ? 
  make it like dash cams . 
  record constantly to a buffer . 
  when the gun is drawn , store the minute leading up to that moment , as well as until the gun is reholstered . 
  i 'm at 73.3 as i write this . 
  yeah that was my thought too . 
  he 's now always going to wonder if he would have gotten it , had kittel not crashed . 
  he probably would have , but he can never know for certain . 
  really sad for both of them . 
  nobody is saying otherwise, 
  i 'm with yomojo . 
  their website is n't great , but the service is the same quality you 'd get on optus , but for prices that do n't cost an arm and a leg . 
  i used to be with vaya . 
  basically the same deal . 
  i left them when they discontinued the plan i was on at the time . 
  there is literally zero good reason for anyone to ever be with optus directly . 
  all resell the optus network at much better prices . 
  telstra is worth being with * only * if you really do need their extra coverage , for example if you 're going out into the bush a lot . 
  but both optus and telstra are stupidly expensive for what you get . 
  the security agencies themselves are not in favour of this change . 
  the recent report did not suggest this change . 
  even many in the liberal party are skeptical about it . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options .
