    ** a spellcaster must have a hand ** free to access a spell 's material components -- or ** to hold a spellcasting focus -- but it can be the same hand that he or she uses to perform somatic components . 
   there 's no clause linking it to the spell requiring material components . 
  it 's in the section on material components , which sensibly has rules for the things that are material components , including spellcasting focuses . 
  tl ; dr , it turns out raw you can still be holding your spellcasting focus and use the same hand for somatic components even if there is no material component . 
  if you grapple them on turn 1 , and on turn 2 you move ( since you 're dashing , most characters will be able to move up to a total of 30 feet & mdash ; since you 're moving at half speed ) , then yes , you can shove them 10 feet or make an attack with +5 damage . 
  oh right . 
  i thought it was a photo with a filter over it . 
   a spellcaster must have a hand free to ... hold a spellcasting focus -- but it can be the same hand that he or she uses to perform somatic components . 
  that 's the quote . 
  it says nothing about only applying if the spellcasting focus is being * used * . 
  all it says is that the hand holding a spellcasting focus can be used to perform somatic components . 
  this also lines up with generally assumed flavour , especially for wizards and sorcerers . 
  we do n't usually expect them to put down their staff or wand before performing a spell , even if they have a sword in the other hand . 
  if they 've got one , they 're usually portrayed as * using * it . 
  is this a m&b avatar mod ? 
   i ca n't handle less than 65 degrees, 
  what 's that in real units ? 
  edit : googled it . 
  yeah , i 'm more or less the same . 
  that 's exactly what it is right now where i am and i 'm under blankets and shit . 
  it 's no fun . 
  a nice 25 is perfect , but anywhere from 23 \u00b0 -- 30 \u00b0 is fine . 
  i 've lived in australia for a total of 14 years , and i ca n't adjust to how fucking * cold * it gets in winter , after having lived for 6 years in vietnam . 
  and i 'm in brisbane , which is probably the warmest of the major cities ( unless you count darwin or cairns as major ) . 
  any place that never drops below 20 is perfect . 
  `` room temperature '' , at least as i was taught in science classes at school , is 18 \u00b0 c. 
  that 's crazy low compared to what i would consider room temperature , which is more like 24 \u00b0 . 
   why would a section on material components have anything to do with a spell that does n't have material components ? 
  because it 's about how spellcasting foci -- which act as material components -- interact with the rest of the spellcasting system . 
   key word there being if . 
  the line about needing a free hand then follows that . 
  if the spell does n't require a material component - then having something in your hand , even if it 's a spellcasting focus or a material component for a spell , means that hand is not free for the purposes of somatic spell components . 
  none of that follows . 
  there 's no evidence in the rules to suggest that this is true . 
  like , that quote that you used just does n't say anything to support your argument at all ; it 's entirely unrelated . 
   we expect them to put the sword down, 
  no , we do n't . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen any spell caster have to put down a sword in order to use magic . 
   that 's what the [ war caster ] feat is for, 
  no , the feat is mostly about advantage on concentration and using spells for opportunity attacks . 
  the other bullet point is there for sword and board arcane casters ( like the eldritch knight or wizard/fighter multiclasses ) who * do n't * get a shield as a spellcasting focus , or for people who want to dual wield ( rangers , multiclassed rogues , spell singers ), 
   another benefit, 
  that 's using spells on oas . 
  to be honest , it 's a useful feat for * any * caster . 
  i found it super useful for my warlock , especially once i ( rather belatedly ) picked up * hex * . 
  advantage on concentration checks is worth the feat just on its own . 
   druids are divine casters, 
  no they are n't . 
  you 're right that there 's no specific power sources in 5e like there were in previous editions , but druids are more of a nature-based caster than a god-based one , so if you had to give them a power source , `` nature '' or something equivalent to that would be the best option . 
  this person went to a lot of effort to provide you with some detailed critique . 
  do n't be rude to them , and * certainly * do n't go trying to get the mods to remove their comment by reporting it . 
  that 's a weird change . 
  guess they wanted to simplify it down from all the various power sources they used to have ? 
   within d&d lore , demons are far less prone to the types of pacts that you 're describing . 
  devils are the creatures of lawful contracts and cleverly enslaving souls , so perhaps consider a creature of the hells rather than the abyss for your patron . 
  hear , hear !, 
  demons certainly * can * make pacts , but it 's less common or orthodox than devils . 
   devils and demons are locked in eternal brutal war, 
  kinda ? 
  the blood war , which i think is what you 're referring to here , ended at some time around 1385 dr , with the apotheosis of asmodeus and the abyss being sent to the bottom of the elemental chaos . 
  even though the great wheel cosmology is restored with the sundering , there 's been no sign that the blood war has begun again . 
  that said , devils and demons still hate each other just as much as they always have , and doubtless there are many smaller conflicts between the two planes , and both probably still strive to undo each others ' plans in the prime material and elsewhere . 
  so in that sense , they still are eternally at war with each other . 
   collecting warlocks like some collect baseball cards, 
  you know , i had never thought of explaining lorcan 's obsession with the toril thirteen in that way before . 
  that 's a really nice succinct way of getting it across . 
  wow , i see you have the new potato 4s . 
  truly the best camera ever included on a vegetable . 
  but seriously , great meme :p, 
   expect some opinions about the location from the tuners and techs, 
  but for real , it 's not condescension . 
  they 're trying to save him money by letting the thing stay in tune longer . 
  i actually far prefer that weather . 
  for me , anything below 18 is just impossible to function in . 
  low 30s , just throw open the window , make sure the fan is running , and it 's all good . 
  you can pass in any direction at any time and having the ball means you 're slower than being without it . 
  obviously it 's its own thing , but it 's closer to soccer than any other real world ball sport . 
  not enough ref involvement to be rugby union . 
  ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ forward ^ ^ ^ passes ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ allowed . 
   theres no hope for me in majors, 
  you and i have more in common than username prefix , it sounds . 
   i love the romantic period but also appreciate beethoven, 
  beethoven fuckin ' * invented * the romantic period . 
   i 've been so let down i never wan na participate in one of these survivor things again . 
  dvorak wrote 6 symphonies before the 7th ? 
  i always just assumed he started at 7 !, 
  pull a tolkien and reveal that these items are in fact cursed in some way . 
  you 'll need a reason that it has n't affected them up until now -- maybe its effect only gradually starts to take hold , maybe its former owner seeks them out and wants their shit back , whatever -- but it should n't be too hard to pull off . 
  an alternative option : one half rotation changes it 100 % , but instead of having a big handle like that it 's just a small knob , and if you drag outside the knob it stops working . 
  edit : make it worse . 
  if you drag outside of the knob before releasing the mouse button , it resets back to the starting volume . 
  dragging back inside the knob makes you start again . 
   he held onto the costumes , props and other memorabilia . 
  eventually he sold them, 
  wow , i did n't realise just how much the grey ghost took from reality . 
  this is a really interesting and cool exercise for the sake of doing something unusual , but it also kinda misses the point . 
  bol\u00e9ro itself has very little value except as a study in orchestration ( and it is * incredible * at that ) , putting pretty much the exact same melody , rhythm , and harmony parts in a variety of different combinations of instruments to vary the sound . 
  when all you 've got is 5 shamisens , you kinda miss out on that . 
  the japanese * deserve * a grilling about their textbooks . 
  obviously it 's not any individual student 's fault , but japan as a nation is in a way * worse * than china for covering up atrocities committed by their people in their recent history .
