  and i just nearly had an orgasm looking at how beautiful and elegant that code design is . 
  else, 
  is just ... urgh ... just so damn horrible and clumsy to look at . 
  not to mention from a practical point of view, 
  if ( this ) {, 
  that ( ) ;, 
  } else if ( this2 ) {, 
  that2 ( ) ;, 
  } else {, 
  the_other ( ) ;, 
  takes up way less unecessary space than :, 
  if ( this ), 
  that ( ) ;, 
  else if ( this2 ), 
  that2 ( ) ;, 
  else, 
  the_other ( ) ;, 
  yeah that 's fine . 
  the only reason i asked was because in your comment the braces were at the same indentation level as '' ` egyptian brackets ` '' . 
  it 's like someone told him that repeating phrases helps emphasise the importance of them , lending legitimacy to the speaker , and so he decided it must therefore be a good idea to repeat every second bloody line !, 
  he repeats . 
  * every * second . 
  line . 
  the funniest thing about that explanation was that season 5 ended up being somewhere between `` nearly as bad as '' and `` a little bit * worse * than '' season 4 , depending on who you talk to . 
  yeah , i know how mmp works . 
  it does n't change the fact that you end up with half of the parliament decided by party room dealing rather than voters ' wishes . 
  the practical difference between mmp and stv is minimal , if the number elected from each electorate is great enough . 
  and if that small step down in proportionality means that the power of who gets voted in actually goes to the voters themselves , then i view that as a good thing . 
   is there anything wrong with this when you are voting for a party rather than the individuals ? 
  well when you take that as a premise , no . 
  but that 's the whole problem with it . 
  it formalises parties . 
  no other electoral system makes parties an official part of how they work , and nor should they imo . 
  if you ask me taking it in stride like that * is * rubbing it in her face , far more than actually rubbing it in her face would be . 
  it 's like `` i 'm not going to go to the effort to show you up , because i just do n't need to '' . 
  no , i 've seen a fair few people in / r/community agree with me on this . 
  the season 4 haters are mostly blinded by love of harmon . 
  if the same show had been delivered by him , or if they had watched it without knowing he was n't doing it , they would still have liked it . 
  all the most common criticisms of season 4 are based on an extension of what was happening in the show towards the end of season 3 . 
  season 5 was awful . 
  concept episode after concept episode . 
  the show had no room to breathe . 
  it took away a good deal of character development that we had seen in earlier seasons , brought in new dull and unlikeable characters , and in general just did n't * do * anything . 
  i did . 
  i see exactly two comments that do n't completely agree with the general viewpoint , both of which have been downvoted below the automatic collapsing threshold . 
  but neither of them are really `` mansplaining '' in the traditional sense , either . 
  they 're basically saying `` all men are like this '' , but not in a `` so it 's okay '' way , but more a `` because all men are douchebags '' way . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't see any mansplaining . 
  but it 's important with that map to not just look at the number of dots !, 
  take a look at what they are . 
  drug offenses and even traffic/vehicle violations make their way on to the map . 
  eh , i can kinda understand preferring mmp from a belief that it 's a better system . 
  i disagree with it , but i can understand it . 
  it 's mostly personal preference at that point really , both systems are absolutely great from a technical point of view . 
  ( and , fwiw , changing from a closed list as used in mmp to some sort of open list system * greatly * improves it in my eyes . ), 
  but the idea that it 's * easier * to implement seems utterly bizarre to me . 
  i just do n't understand that at all . 
  from the voter 's perspective , stv works exactly the same as av . 
  you just number your preferred candidates in order , starting with 1 as your favourite candidate . 
  bang , your job is done . 
  what goes on under the hood is much more complicated , sure , but the voter does n't really need to understand that . 
  and if they want to anyway , it 's not like the information is n't out there and pretty easy to find . 
  mmp , on the other hand , is fundamentally different . 
  first , it requires formally recognising parties as a part of the system -- no other systems requires this . 
  second , it requires having two completely different types of members in parliament : members voted in in their local electorates , and members chosen from the party list to fill the extra seats . 
  finally , citizens have to vote * twice * for a * single * house . 
  this is partly just an extension of the second point , but it also has the problem of being a really awkward conceptual leap . 
  that means if you have two houses , both elected using this system , you 're essentially voting four times . 
  but i do say this from the perspective of an australian , so everyone here is already familiar with av . 
  not that it 's difficult to understand -- in fact , that 's one of its best advantages , it 's absolute simplicity . 
  it demonstrates that he has little regard for rules or respect for others . 
  that 's pretty important for anyone in his life to know . 
  what the dean chooses to do with that information is up to him . 
  certainly , if he 's got the grades to be there , he should n't be kicked out over this alone , but it 's a piece of information they should know . 
  just a tip , if you start a line with `` 240 . '', 
  ( or '' [ anynumber ] . 
  '' ) , reddit automatically converts it into an ordered list . 
  to stop that , you need to put a backslash before the full stop . 
  words and stuff, 
  becomes :, 
  words and stuff, 
  it 's dumb , and causes annoyances more often that being a convenience , but there it is . 
  edit : slightly corrected it, 
  please please please just have a simple table estimating shipping times for different areas . 
  [ a table like the one on this page ] ( http://www.gamesparadise.com.au/delivery ) makes it so convenient for shoppers to know how long it 'll take to get their thing . 
  you could have extra columns for estimated shipping time based on different types of shipping ( regular vs. express , for example ) . 
  ( oh and by the way , to everyone reading this , do ** not ** actually buy anything from the site i linked . 
  the company is pretty terrible . 
  i ordered some stuff during their sale and they said it would be 1 -- 2 weeks before they could ship it out because they were overloaded during the sale . 
  i thought that was fine , so i bought it , really cheap , too . 
  was n't until 5 or 6 weeks later that i actually ended up getting the stuff , after many emails where they told me it would be coming in just a couple of days . ), 
  ah fair enough . 
  without spaces the replacement would be much harder to do ( since you obviously do n't want to replace the full stops within the hardcoded strings , or the dots used for accessing objects ) . 
  this thread is a craptonne better than that one where people were talking about the fucking mall cop movie . 
  in that thread * literally every top answer * was the same . 
  at least in this one most of the top answers ( as of when i came here , at least ) are relatively serious ones . 
  that 's an interesting quantity to measure in . 
  so do n't let them get softdrinks without paying for softdrinks ? 
  i 'm confused at this ... 
  wait it is n't called free to air anymore ?
