  but yes , circumcision is in the minority worldwide . 
  implying that in the future you believe it will become more popular ? 
  pretty far ? 
  in australia we would n't consider 35-45 minutes `` pretty far '' , and the mainland us is about the same size ... 
  especially given what i 've heard of la traffic . 
  edit : i should add that i meant this as a genuine question , not meant to be taken as rude , which it probably looks like . 
  fair enough . 
  to each his own . 
  [ a semi-competent genie grants you two wishes out of a predetermined list of twelve . 
  which do you choose ? ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/t70j8/a_semicompetent_genie_grants_you_two_wishes_out/ ) . 
  especially [ this comment thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/t70j8/a_semicompetent_genie_grants_you_two_wishes_out/c4k7ml5 ) about the option known as `` happy '' . 
  it was so haunting , and would seriously make a great film . 
  against euthanasia ? 
  what about a case where it 's clear the person is n't going to recover , and they are unable to function as a normal human being . 
  is it fair to them -- not to mention their family -- that they be forced to live what is barely a life for years of suffering ? 
  and with regards to abortions , is it fair that the child should be born into a life where they are n't really all that wanted ? 
  especially in cases of rape , but any case where the child is n't wanted by their parents , is n't it better to end it before they really become a proper living person ? 
  if brought to term they would be draining on the mother 's body for months , is it really fair on her that she should have to suffer with that ? 
  would you care to explain how fahrenheit explains more than celsius ? 
  i ca n't see how it 's any different for practical purposes , except that the number 0 has actual practical significance in celsius . 
  beyond that , the only reason i can see that `` fahrenheit does so much more to describe temperature '' to you is that you 're used to it . 
  because i 'm interested in knowing . 
  does one need more reason ? 
  first point : i was pointing out how many people often react, 
  second point : a statement , not a judgement . 
  third point : i stand by it . 
  i want to know why americans still use this system . 
  yes i think it 's stupid , but right now i genuinely just want to know why . 
  then as a european , who is likely used to the metric/si units , what do you think are the reasons america still uses imperial-based units ? 
  thank you for the first actual answer ( and also for the only laugh so far ) . 
  but does the government not still use mph on road signs , and do n't government-sponsored weather reports use fahrenheit ( actually , i do n't know if they are government-sponsored , so i could be wrong here ) ? 
  also , do state school curricula still use imperial measurements , or is that all metric now ? 
  may i ask if that 's your opinion , or just an answer as to why most americans stick with it ? 
  if it 's your opinion , let me try to debunk it by pointing out that horse-and-buggies were never broken . 
  neither were candles , or paper letters . 
  each of these has been largely updated because a better solution was found . 
  still , i can understand if that 's a reason that the majority wants to stick with the current system . 
   i do n't really know why , and i do not care why, 
  then why would you click through on something that asks about why you think it happens ? 
  yay , another proper answer !, 
  thanks , it does make sense , i guess . 
  i do n't see any insulting americans going on here at all ... 
  edit : only a few harmless jokes , a couple of good answers , and a bunch of people hating on the original post . 
   if you ca n't keep the two sets of units straight, 
  could you clarify ? 
  do you mean if you ca n't easily recognise the difference between the two , or if you ca n't competently use both systems , or something else entirely ? 
  hard liquor 's in litres , eh ? 
  that 's an interesting one . 
  i read elsewhere on reddit that many illegal drugs are in grammes , too . 
  do you think you could confirm or deny that ? 
  obviously , that 's not related to the government , but just interesting . 
  haha , yeah , the stubbornness around the dollar coin is another one that i do n't understand . 
  still , thanks for the answer , unfortunately it does make sense as a reason for why they use imperial-based units , even if it 's a poor reason . 
  haha no worries mate . 
  i assume it 's perfectly fine for non-americans to be unable to efficiently use imperial measurements ? 
  the difference is on 9gag stuff is all uploaded and hosted by 9gag ( with the exception of the rare youtube video ) , whereas reddit ( usually ) links to the original source . 
  there 's also the fact that reddit comments are a world more mature than those on 9gag . 
  wow , thanks for that thorough explanation of the history of the metric system in the us . 
  brilliant . 
  that was never my intention . 
  indeed , if you had looked at the comments , you would see there has been some intelligent conversation ( along with those trying to get into an argument ) . 
  i prefer physics over bio , but evolution and classification were my two favourite topics when i did bio . 
  the weirdest thing is most do n't even try to make the understandable claim ( from their point of view ) that `` god made things appear that old '' . 
  hang on . 
  a-levels are `` college grade '' ? 
  unless your definition of either college or a-levels is different to the one i 'm working under , i 'm not sure i understand . 
  a-levels : the british senior high school system ( taken in the last two years of high school ) . 
  college : the term americans use for university . 
  where am i going wrong ? 
  haha wow , that 's really sad ... 
  i 've also heard that some people claim the myths of dragons were , in fact , dinosaurs . 
  sounds like semantics . 
  all the british people i 've known have considered the a-levels part of high school , not something you do `` ater finishing '' it . 
  gcse is a junior qualification , with a-levels the next step , but still part of secondary school . 
  [ you do n't get to make up what my opinions are . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man ), 
  the matter is quite simple , really , and you 're trying to make it seem as though it 's not . 
  if the parent ( s ) never intended to get pregnant , then they should be allowed to abort the baby , for the sake of the mother 's health ( during the pregnancy ) and both of their lives in general . 
  down syndrome , sex selection , etc. 
  are n't even related issues . 
  yeah , people come out of comas , but it 's rare . 
  the point is that many many people would rather be put out of their misery ( and , perhaps more importantly , would rather their loved ones do n't have to see them suffer ) , rather than hang on to the slim hope of recovery . 
  euthanasia should never be the choice of the doctor , but the patient that would be euthanised . 
  if the patient 's decision is not clearly known , then those closest to him/her should make the decision . 
  ( with obviously careful checks regarding whether they made the decision for the patient 's best interest , rather than their own personal [ possibly monetary ] gain . ), 
  that , my friend , is a straw man fallacy . 
  i 'm mainly a pc gamer , but of the two consol controllers i far prefer the feel of the playstation ones . 
  when i was younger i had a lot of experience with the ps2 and never had any level of problems with it . 
  the asymmetrical feel of xbox controllers , to me , is absolutely horrible . 
  i feel like i 'm contorting my hand to use it . 
  put simply , i guess it must be a case of what one has had more experience with , and what they personally prefer . 
  i do n't think we can honestly say one is simply better than the other . 
  only problem with the xbox is you have to contort your hands to hold it . 
  and there was nothing broken about the horse-and-buggy , or candles , either . 
  but they were replaced by cars and lightbulbs . 
  there is often great use in `` fixing '' what is n't broken . 
  absolutely right it 's a very grey area . 
  that 's why it 's always most desirable that people could specify beforehand whether/in what circumstances they would prefer to be euthanised , but that ca n't happen practically . 
  i do n't think it should be something done lightly , but it should be an option available to end the grieving of long-suffering families -- that 's all . 
  sibelius ca n't export mp3 .
