  so it 's reasonable to assume that a 1 or 20 means a failure or success , respectfully . 
   that 's not really how keys work in music ... c major is fundamentally no ` happier ' than , say , gb major - it 's the intervals between the notes within the framework of a single key , or the way a music piece moves between keys , that denotes the mood of the music . 
  true in the vast majority of modern music ( that is , music * performed * recently ) , but if using a tuning other than equal temperament , different keys will have slightly different feels . 
   i feel like you might be giving the core too much , maybe 4 points , but that 's just me . 
  why ? 
  tok gets 1 class per week , that 's half as much as a regular sl subject right there . 
  the ee is something students have to put a lot of effort into . 
  i think that those combined should be worth at least 4 points , but 5 is more reasonable . 
  cas is currently something that someone who literally barely passes the entirety of ib gets exactly the same credit as someone who does hours and hours each week and thoroughly documents and reflects on the whole process . 
  that 's just not reasonable or fair . 
  a mere two points , less than a third of a normal subject , would provide some recognition for those that actually put effort into cas rather than just doing it because they know they have to . 
  these three aspects * combined * are supposedly the `` core '' of the ibdp , and yet they 're worth next to nothing currently . 
  one of the highest scoring kids in my year got a 1 on these , because he knew he could easily ignore them for the most part since they 're worth so little . 
  so making all three of them combined equivalent to a subject seems entirely reasonable , to me . 
   with g6/arts , making it mandatory would straight up piss way more people off that it would do good - if implemented for next year , we 'd see it pop up on a post like is as everyone 's # 1 thing to cut from ib, 
  frankly , i am far more concerned with equity than with pleasing people . 
  it just is n't equitable or fair that the arts are currently a second-class citizen in ib . 
  i would prefer that option to the current system , just because it makes things more fair for everyone . 
  however , as i said , i * far * prefer the other option anyway , as it is both fair and provides a greater degree of flexibility . 
   most graduation requirements needs 2 arts credits , so it 's not like people can 100 % skip taking art classes . 
   i love your idea of being able to pass on one group to focus tour education - but i feel like it would just be impractical , since at least in the us , you 're going to need to take math/english/science anyway to graduate, 
  uhh , what ? 
  most graduation requirements require passing ib . 
  it 's a uniquely american phenomenon that you have to take classes outside of ib in order to `` graduate high school '' , and the ibo should not be making rulings in order to accommodate the terrible schooling system in america . 
   this is something i would do across the education board , eliminate general-ed english/arts bullshit that people do n't want to do and basically anything not related/useful to your major as a required course . 
  this , i vehemently disagree with . 
  if you want that , go to the uk , their system is a hideous one , in my opinion , but that 's exactly what you get . 
  you do three subjects . 
  any three . 
  some students do four . 
  but there are no requirements whatsoever on which ones you choose . 
  and that is , in my opinion , terrible . 
  this is high school , not university . 
  it 's the time when you should be getting a really solid , * broad * education . 
  leave the specialisation to university , when you can focus as much as you bloody well please . 
  ( though again , i believe us unis have some really dumb requirements that make it so that you ca n't specialise fully . 
  * this * , i would agree with you should be removed . ), 
  but at high school , everyone should be getting a pretty broad education , and removing the requirement from any * one * area does n't prevent that . 
  personally , i would probably have dropped french sl in favour of a second social science . 
  high school is not about vocation training . 
  it 's not about * directly * preparing you for a job , or even for university . 
  it 's about making you into a well-rounded , functional human being in modern society , and the ib more than any other course accomplishes that task superbly . 
  that 's not the ib 's problem , it 's your school 's . 
  they ca n't force schools to teach certain subjects . 
   first , they need to adapt the curriculum of certain classes to be more similar to the national equivalents, 
  what , adapt so that they can work with the us curriculum , the uk one , the australian one , the german one , the norwegian one ? 
  are you mad ? 
  that 's not even a possibility . 
  all of these are going to be so different that it 's just not possible . 
  the ib needs to do exactly what it 's doing right now , which is making the * best * high school curriculum available . 
  all of your complaints are ones that need to be directed at the universities , not at ib . 
  it is n't the ibo 's problem if universities set up their requirements stupidly . 
   studies needs to be a 1-year course, 
  ib is a two-year programme . 
  all of its subjects are , and * need to stay * aimed at two years . 
  you can do some subjects after 1 year if you 're well-prepared , but the courses are designed to be taught over two years . 
  that 's not going to change , and that should n't change . 
   one separate thing with cas - make the student choose to focus on action or creativity , the other being maybe 10 hours , while one is 50/60 . 
  first of all , cas is n't a 50 hour per component thing . 
  it has n't been since * at least * examination in may 2011 , but probably a while before that . 
  second of all , the entire * point * of cas is to make everyone do a little of everything . 
  if you want to change that , then i 'm sorry , but you seem to have missed the entire point of not just cas , but ib . 
  it 's not about what students will enjoy , it 's about what 's best for them long-term , and that includes making them well-rounded individuals with a breadth of experience . 
  your basic point seems to be that the ibo should make the diploma programme more like the us education system , which is a horrible idea . 
  us high schools are the laughing stock of the developed world . 
  the ib programme should stay exactly where it is in relation to this , which is quite a long way away . 
  i can tell you quite definitively that this is not the case . 
  there is a lot of ambiguity in ee marking , and that is worsened by the fact that they are marked by people who do n't know what it is they 're actually reading about , much of the time . 
  i did mine in music , and on a fairly specific topic . 
  i put a hell of a lot of effort in , never left it to the last minute , met with my supervisor quite regularly , did the whole process right . 
  my supervisor , and the other music teacher at the school , predicted a solid a. 
  meanwhile , another student in my year ( whose supervisor was the other music teacher ) had to be dragged along the whole process to get his done on time . 
  he was predicted a b in the end . 
  in the end , we both got bs , and yet his actually scored one mark * higher * than mine . 
  that is not a well-designed system . 
  having people who are knowledgeable about the topic mark them would n't fix it entirely , but it would substantially reduce the degree to which less accessible topics are penalised compared to yet another analysis of two well-respected novels . 
  hey , can i just thank you for listing times in utc . 
  it 's so annoying when most other companies list times in their local time zone , and then you have to go and look up where they are , convert it to utc , and then convert it to your own local time . 
  having you guys share things in the most accessible manner is really appreciated . 
  i did n't do art , but from watching some of my friends that did , it seems to be a huge time sink . 
  the students that did it spent far , far more time working on art than they did their other subjects . 
  so , be prepared for that if you do take it . 
  physics was a blast . 
  i ca n't comment much because the curriculum has changed substantially since i did it , but it was super interesting , and while it was challenging , it was far from impossible . 
  the ias were the worst bit of it , imo , and they may have changed in structure since i did it . 
  setting up the os itself is fine , but even ubuntu can be a pain to set up so that you can use it comfortably . 
  i would definitely * not * be recommending it to anyone that is n't * really * tech savvy . 
  sure , the os is easy enough , as long as you do n't want to dual-boot ( in which case it can be a bit of a challenge to set things up properly ) . 
  what is definitely * not * easy is setting up all the applications you want to use . 
  greens ( 5 ) got elected over greens ( 4 ) ? 
  how interesting . 
  well that was a disturbing video to watch at 11:00 at night ... 
  and when i was literally just taking a break from rewatching tng on netflix ... 
  only 11 for me ( because dst is dumb ) , but yeah , this is creepy . 
  i do kinda wonder why grey did n't wait until night time in the uk or usa to post this . 
  lol nice . 
  but no , just sci-fi . 
  dealing with philosophical issues that arise as a result of technology is the entire * point * of science-fiction . 
  do androids deserve the same rights as humans ? 
  how should a member of an advanced society act when faced with a far more primitive culture ?
