  is this a reference to something ? 
  i live in saigon , but i do n't know anything about organ slimming ... 
  why 's the focus on the rubbish behind him ? 
  tell them you 're blind and it 's your seeing-eye dog . 
  they 're legally allowed to go anywhere their owner can !, 
  according to moore 's law , and assuming the author has a relatively high end , but not absolutely top-of-the-line ( since that 's what moore 's law applies to ) , in three years he should be able to play a game like this at 32fps , a very useable framerate , but not exactly ideal . 
  4.5 years and it 'll be 64fps , and in 6 years it should be around 128fps . 
  that 's the sort of framerate that i would expect developers will be happy with , so you 're probably right : games could look like this in around 5 years . 
  i do n't know a whole lot about the hardware stuff , but my logic says that if the graphics cards get more powerful ( doubling in clock speed -- due to doubling the number of transistors -- for an inexpensive chip every 1.5 years ) , they will be able to render the graphics more quickly . 
  you 're right , it probably is n't as simple as double the power , double the framerate , but i think that it 's probably a good general guideline . 
  damn , this was an awesome survey to complete . 
  really fun , although i kinda wish i coulda done both high - and low-power situations hahaha . 
  i wrote a few short essays in some of the open text-response questions , sorry about that !, 
  yeah definitely . 
  really wan na see the results to this !, 
  different systems work differently . 
  6 could have been a percent , it could have been a score out of some fairly large number , it could be some form of grading system ( for example where 1 is best and larger numbers are progressively worse , possibly up until a certain point , possibly continuous ) . 
  shoulda seen that coming . 
  i assume your charm/intimidate was high enough to be able to save him ? 
  what did you end up choosing ? 
  i 'm the same . 
  rarely play through more than once . 
  i also agonise over many decisions , but i try to force myself not to look it up . 
  more often than not my curiosity gets the better of me , but i like the authenticity of having made a decision , even a bad one , and run with it . 
  people who truly believe that can vote third party or hand in a blank/spoiled ballot . 
  fascism relates to social policies , rights ( not ) given to individuals , etc. 
  in the [ political compass ] ( http://politicalcompass.org ) it is represented by positive y values . 
  communism refers to economic policies . 
  it is shown by negative x values ( or , to the left of centre ), 
  it means that the vast majority of nonvoters , who do n't vote out of laziness , or voters who do n't care * because they 've not bothered finding out about the candidates * ( as opposed to do n't care because they * have * found out all they can about the candidates and think the difference is inconsequential ) have to turn up , so they are more likely to put in some effort into finding out which they prefer . 
  have you got reasoning for this , or do you just dislike it out of a gut reaction ? 
  unless i 've misinterpreted the question , yes that is the question asked , but i 've answered it in a slightly roundabout way . 
  what 's the point of allowing spoiled ballots ? 
  it means you can get the advantages i listed which come from mandatory voting , while still allowing conscientious objectors to conscientiously object . 
  damn , shame . 
  stories are the main reason i play any games , and i 've just started me2 for the first time , after having finished me1 . 
  was looking forward to some more great story , although i 've obviously heard about the terrible ending to me3 . 
  i repeat : have you got any * reasoning * for this . 
  i 've read the website : the analysis , faqs , various different particular national elections , as well as the pages that exist just for fun , `` ideological music '' and `` composers ' political compass '' . 
  i 've looked at the reading list , but seeing as i 've not read any of the books it mentions i ca n't comment on it . 
  even so , i 'm not sure that there is anything that * can * be said about the reading list that serves to debunk the political compass . 
  as a side note , what do you dislike about the compass ? 
  do you disagree with its * idea * , of putting politics into four quadrants ( and if so , what sort of scale would you propose as an alternative ) , or do you disagree with the specifics of how it places certain politicians ( and how it places you on the chart based on the questions ) ? 
  if the latter , then you really do n't disagree with the premise , and thus my earlier comment about the terminology stands , even with your reasoning . 
  yes it misses nuances , but any system is bound to . 
  however everything you mentioned could be placed on the chart with ease . 
  it would simply miss some of the reasons for them being there . 
  an anarcho-capitalist would be bottom right . 
  the next two do n't make sense to me . 
  a liberal of a capitalist system ? 
  does this mean they live in a capitalist system , but they themselves are liberal ? 
  what system they live in i 'd irrelevant to their personal beliefs . 
  the term liberal can be applied to their economic beliefs ( in which case they agree with the capitalist system : for example the liberal party in australia ) or liberal in term of social policies ( in which case they could agree or disagree with the capitalist system . 
  libertarian party in the us would agree with capitalism , for example ) . 
  a cuban exile that hates communism ? 
  all that says is he is not in the extreme top left . 
  maybe he likes authoritarianism but prefers a free market ( top right ) , or maybe he likes government intervention but prefers them to stay out of people 's lives ( bottom left ) . 
  alternatively he might want the government to interfere as little as possible with the economy and allow as many social freedoms as possible ( bottom left ) . 
  he could even be in the top left quadrant if he 's in a position close to centrist . 
  so yes , this chart misses the nuances in some particular political positions , but it works far better than any other system for classification and comparison of political beliefs that exists . 
  in particular the use of the terms `` left '' and `` right '' to compare political beliefs . 
  and keep your hand orthogonal to the ground . 
  tilting your hand counter clockwise ( from your point of view ) implies dominance , which is not what a handshake is for . 
  and use the correct blinker . 
  i 've seen people use the wrong one too many times and goddamn it 's annoying . 
  i ne'er thought of it as a rule , i just always do this in order to not get distracted myself . 
  i leave the area whenever i get a phone call . 
  no matter what . 
  ( unless i 'm the only one around . ), 
   it 's all in three questions asked, 
  what ? 
  have you even looked at the test ? 
  it 's a few pages full of questions , each with the standard strongly agree , agree , etc. 
  answers . 
  about mussolini , can you point me to the page they show him on ? 
  i ca n't see him shown anywhere . 
  the faqs specifically explain why they 've placed hitler where he is ( and that same question briefly mentions mussolini ) . 
  aside from all that , i maintain : it is a great general guide , it 's not * meant * to convey every possible opinion or reasoning , just the viewpoints on where government should or should n't intervene . 
  any bias you or anyone sees is merely a result of their own bias . 
  unless they are being slow and it 's clear they 're not even trying to get what they want as leave before 9:00 . 
  if they 've never worked retail should n't factor into it . 
  i have n't and i still think that it 's amazing how douchey these people are being . 
  it 's called empathy people . 
  ever heard of excess monetary growth inflation ? 
  i have n't ignored them as outliers . 
  i 'll admit that 's what i 've been thinking , but i 've never mentioned it . 
  the fact is that the part of their beliefs that is relevant to the political compass , that is the level of government intervention in the economy and the amount of personal freedom , are displayed . 
  other things that may or may not be crucial to various different political beliefs are discarded , not because they are n't important , but because they are outside of the domain of the political compass . 
  of the links you mentioned : the `` writers ' anti-neoliberal bias '' paragraph presents nothing of substance beyond vague claims it is biased in various areas . 
  it never says exactly where or what the implications of this are . 
  the `` loaded propositions '' is answered in the faq . 
  the `` rationalwiki '' article even links to the faq . 
  that , and the piped link on `` what it really is '' lead me to believe this site is not a very accurate or unbiased one in the same way as , say , wikipedia . 
  none of the criticisms in this article are about the basic concept of portraying political ideals on a 2d axis with the chosen axes . 
  the second article just clearly does n't understand the premise :, 
   the quiz explicitly identifies the economic right with libertarianism and neoliberalism . 
  the horizontal left-right axis , the explanatory page says , is `` economic . '' `` margaret thatcher would be well over to the right , but further right still would be someone like that ultimate free marketeer , general pinochet . '' the fact that the designers of the quiz refer to `` pinochet , who was prepared to sanction mass killing for the sake of the free market , '' and that that they equate support for free markets as a right-wing position , says it all . 
  this is beyond ridiculous . 
  support for free markets is * by definition * right-wing . 
  see the [ very first paragraph here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right-wing_politics ) , after reference [ 5 ] and before [ 6 ] [ 7 ] .
