  we do n't have any netflix here in aus . 
  do n't use telstra , optus , or vodafone . 
  look at smaller guys , the mvnos . 
  i 'm with [ vaya ] ( http://vaya.net.au/ ) , and their service has been absolutely amazing . 
  if i were getting a brand new plan right now i 'd probably go with [ amaysim ] ( http://www.amaysim.com.au/ ) ( since my current plan with vaya is n't offered anymore ) . 
  ( both of these guys resell the optus network , so if you live way out in the country you might want to look at telstra resellers . ), 
  it does n't really bother me either way , but i think it would 've made sense to discuss it with him anyway . 
  if he had disagreed with the other three and had a convincing argument , that could 've changed someone else 's vote and altered the outcome . 
  i hope you do n't have any ancaps or hardcore libertarians listening to this , because i bet they wo n't be happy about the talk about how roads , electrical wires , and internet cables ca n't be done democratically . 
  but from someone a bit more rational than that , i have to say i loved this episode . 
  really great discussion as always . 
  someone in my area somehow managed to get his 90 day ( or it may even have been his 150 day , i 'm not sure ) guardian portal with a portal deployed with 8 r3 -- 6s , only a few hundred metres away from a major local farm . 
  $ 10 hike ? 
  psh , that 's barely anything . 
  try a 50 % hike on recent games , and a much slower price decrease as the game ages . 
  op is n't asking for gender , but for sex at birth . 
  i 'm going to agree with / u/tmaster , you really need to do this using google forms or something similar . 
  but if you 're coming to reddit to get the data , you 're going to need to compare results to the overall * reddit * population , and see if there is a significant difference between overall reddit sex and left handed reddit sex . 
  but this comes with its own problems , if you allow outside sources . 
  if you 're counting the sex of non-redditors -- friends and relatives of people that see this post -- that skews your data almost irrevocably . 
  solutions ( pick one ) :, 
  * find a more general population to use as your sample and compare to 50/50 ( or , even better , compare to the actual sex results , which could be as much as 52/48 , i 'm not entirely sure ) . 
  * restrict your population to * only * reddit . 
  use the best data for reddit 's overall population sex stats you can find , and compare to that . 
  a simple hypothesis test should be enough , as long as you know what the stats are for the total population from which you 're taking your sample . 
  exactly . 
  to put it briefly , everyone in parliament is a * member * , or an mp . 
  ministers are the ones with special titles , and always ( by convention ) come from the currently ruling party . 
  which part are you doubting ? 
  if it 's the bit about 6 months etc. , then [ this abc article ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-05-13/budget-winners-and-losers/5433178 ) should serve as a source . 
  the four paragraphs in the op are quoted directly from the `` the unemployed '' section . 
   or a borderless 3-column table , but i wo n't go there, 
  i 'm genuinely curious , what 's your reasoning behind that statement ? 
  at least the last time i used it ( a couple of years ago ) , libreoffice was lacking in the only feature that makes me use word over google docs , which is the powerful built-in referencing features . 
  have they fixed that since then ? 
  what is pdftk and how do i get it ? 
  ( more importantly , can i run it from the terminal in os x ? ), 
  pages as in the apple word processor ? 
  hmm , curious . 
  i have to say , as much as i love apple 's pro media-editing software ( aperture , fcp , etc. 
  ) , and keynote , i 've never really been a fan of pages . 
  i 'm curious , what is it that draws you to pages rather than word ? 
  there seems to be a movement going on twitter and elsewhere at the moment for #blocksupply . 
  it would be a massive move if they did it , but considering just how far abbott and co. backflipped , i do n't think it would be unjustified at all . 
  [ there 's also a petition here ] ( https://www.gopetition.com/petitions/block-the-budget-australia-says-no/sign.html ) , not that petitions usually do much . 
  less necessary things , like education and healthcare ? 
  i agree completely . 
  spying goes completely against the spirit of the game and should be very strongly discouraged , if not outright banned . 
  holy shit seriously ? 
  i never knew that . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i know i 'd be sated if he fixed those . 
  i would n't be too happy with some other parts , but if he agreed not to fuck with education and healthcare , i would at least calm down . 
  the calls for a blockage of supply ( on the grounds that abbott * explicitly * stated he would * not * do these things prior to the election , and has now completely backflipped ) would no longer have weight behind them . 
  it 'd be particularly nice if he would n't fuck with the abc , especially australia network , though ... 
  if the median is $ 49,400 , that 's what you should have quoted , not $ 59,800 . 
  with that value , you 'll see that / u/solaeon was really not too far off the mark . 
  he said 46k , the correct answer would have been 49.5 k. 
  that 's only 7 % out . 
  the difference here , i feel , is that one is bad but fully expected , and the other is outright lying to the australian public . 
  the biggest problem , in my opinion , is that they have so quickly turned so far back on their pre-election promises . 
  this is nothing like labor 's so-called `` carbon tax '' backflip . 
  there is * no * justification for how far they 've gone with education and healthcare . 
  most of the stuff is n't quite as bad as that . 
  it 's stuff that i vehemently disagree with , but it also is n't quite so much of a lie to the public , which is what i think would justify such a drastic move as blocking the supply . 
  i 'll still speak out against aspects of the budget , but if they pulled those parts , i would n't be arguing to block it completely . 
  he 's also an exceptionally good fighter . 
  look at how well he was going against oliver even after the mirakuru was removed from his system . 
  no one else in this universe ( apart from merlyn , who i 'm assuming is n't a candidate for the suicide squad ) did anywhere near that well . 
  huh , i always thought it meant `` free your fucking yachts '' . 
  odd , i thought the mission statement was `` fuck canon '' . 
  too soon , mate , too soon . 
  ^ ^ #blocksupply, 
  oh no doubt . 
  the military budget could be cut , as could money to private and religious schools and subsidies for mining companies ' diesel costs , just to name a few that come to mind immediately . 
  the worst is when a company clearly * has * a domain name ( because they 've got a website companyname.com or companyname.someothertld ) , and yet still use their isp 's email or a webmail host like gmail . 
  it just makes no sense . 
  yeah he 's lied and will probably continue to lie . 
  but you have to realise that blocking supply is an * enormous * move . 
  it has only ever been done successfully once before in australian history , and that is perhaps the most infamous event we 've ever had . 
  it is not something that should be done lightly , even if you really dislike the policies immensely ( as i do ) . 
  if they do n't back down on the aforementioned issues , they will be implementing policies that directly go against what they promised very clearly and prominently during the campaign . 
  that should be grounds for blocking supply . 
  however , if they back down , then they have shown at least some willingness to listen to the public , but more importantly they will not , in the end , be implementing policies that are clear contradictions to their fundamental promises . 
  the policies are -- in my opinion -- terrible for the future of this country , but that alone should not be grounds for blocking supply . 
  it should also not be blocked based on the * probability * of future lies . 
  this is a massive move and should be made only on their actual actions . 
  what * did * happen in queensland ( in his mind or otherwise ) ? 
  i must have missed whatever that was . 
  no it does * not * add realism . 
  in real life , if you caught a spy , you could take action against them . 
  kill them . 
  the game does n't have that option -- if you 've got a spy in your ranks you 're stuck just knowing that there 's someone around cheating , with nothing you can do . 
  or you could make your own player on the opposite team , but countering cheating with cheating is no way to run a game . 
  if they want spies to be a legitimate strategy , there needs to be some way to counter-spy * within your own faction * . 
  oh wow , i did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  this little subthread began in the premise that the user does n't want to block ads . 
  standard drinks are really useful , actually . 
  in general , a man can have two standard drinks in the first hour and one each hour after that , and he will most likely be under the legal limit .
