  garmin is seen as outdated ? 
  because most of the runners i know ( including myself ) use garmin forerunners to track their runs . 
  sites like garmin connect or strava -- which can be linked to the watch -- are really useful for long term tracking . 
  this is a great set of rules . 
  i especially like the ban on claims that cancer has been cured . 
  but the flair thing is worrying . 
  a lot of people use reddit from mobile , and mobile apps do n't allow the user to add flair . 
  this new rule would essentially completely prevent them from submitting to this subreddit . 
  i think the best course of action would be to remove that rule , or to somehow make allowances for users who ca n't add flair . 
  i 'm not sure i agree . 
  i know none of my players would ever suspect anything if i described a large amount of plant growth over one specific area . 
  they 're very good at not meta gaming , but it 's not especially difficult . 
  with the werewolf thing , i 'm not sure i understand . 
  you said to have the player 's encounter werewolves , but my understanding was that there * are n't * any . 
  the druid is lying to the party in an attempt to get them to lynch someone from the general public and stir up trouble . 
  i 'm not sure the werewolf one is a good idea . 
  if he 's withholding information from the party , they 're just going to force it out of him . 
  maybe they 'll torture him , but more likely they 'll just use one of the many spells that acts as essentially a `` make npcs do what you want '' spell . 
  it seems to me like a secret that would come out * very * quickly , and that would ruin the tension . 
  i think it would work better if he says he suspects there may be a werewolf , but that he is n't sure , and does n't know who it is . 
   it also has content that is completely scrubbed from the site , such as many blp violations ( biography of living persons , ie , doxxing ) . 
  that 's curious . 
  do you know how to get that done ? 
  i know of a certain high profile youtuber who prefers to only be known by his last name , but his full name is available in the wikipedia page history . 
  i 'd be interest in letting him know it can be expunged entirely . 
  of your bullet points , the only one i really care about is the second . 
  the other two seem weird . 
  if someone edits a post after it 's been removed , what does that matter ? 
  no one will see it except maybe a mod . 
  and if it 's been edited , you can * already * see that it 's been edited via the asterisk next to the post . 
  but a change log of edits to a comment or self post would be useful to mods and average readers alike . 
  i disagree . 
  i tried both those apps and sync when i first started out on android ( 3 and a half years ago or so now ) and at least at the time , rif was by far the best option . 
  the others just lacked some really basic functionality for a reddit app . 
  ca n't remember what they were now , but the difference was pretty stark . 
  i definitely think that on the whole lotr is one of the better film adaptions of a novel . 
  but it 's certainly not perfect . 
  the scouring of the shire is an important part of the books . 
  it 's almost the * point * , in a way . 
  it shows how much the hobbits have changed and developed over the course of the previous five and a half books . 
  admittedly , the films focussed mainly on just the two plot lines of the ring being destroyed and aragorn 's ascension to king . 
  so the development of the other hobbits was n't as strong as in the novel , and so it makes sense to cut out the scouring . 
  but still , i missed it . 
  especially since they hinted at it in lothlorien . 
  i 'm curious , which 6 are those ? 
  are you counting classic mac os and os x separately ? 
  did the apple computers before the mac have an operating system or did the user have to provide that themselves ? 
  ( i honestly have very little idea how computing worked back then . ), 
  where does lisa fit into this ? 
  the newton ? 
  does the system running the apple tv count , or the ipod one ( apart from the touch , obviously ) ? 
  then there 's obviously ios and watch os . 
  these are n't hypothetical questions by the way . 
  i 'm actually curious how you 're counting things , because as i can see it , there 's a lot of flexibility in what counts or does n't . 
  so , not too different from what actually happens to her character ? 
  so do people actually think op did these things ? 
  surely it 's so obvious that he 's joking around it does n't need to be said ... 
  i did n't make the connection there . 
  now anyone ( in the same country as you ) could call you by trying just 63 numbers . 
  that was not a smart move . 
  [ no , it really is n't ] ( http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/media/audits-exonerate-abc-over-bias-claims/story-e6frg996-1226852398864 ) . 
  the programme q&a certainly is , but the abc as a whole is not . 
  [ but the abc absolutely * is not * biased ] ( http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/media/audits-exonerate-abc-over-bias-claims/story-e6frg996-1226852398864 ) . 
  this is from independent audits being reported on by * murdoch * papers . 
  the q&a programme certainly is , but the abc on the whole ... not so much . 
  just a tip , the brits actually spell their labour party correctly . 
  no idea why ours decided to drop the u , but there you have it . 
  haha it is n't really even `` his own country '' . 
  he does n't give a crap about australia . 
  he renounced his citizenship so he could become american ( which he had to do to get past some media ownernship laws over there ) . 
   i do n't think you disagree with me , even though your post starts with ` but ' . 
  i see people do this all the time , and frankly it 's really frustrating . 
  i do n't know if it 's a matter of people not understanding what the word `` but '' really means , or them just not actually reading the contents of what they replied to , but whatever it is , it 's annoying . 
  ha do n't get us wrong . 
  our guy ruined our internet , too . 
  we had a government plan to make high speed internet available to 90 % of australians . 
  abbott has come in and replaced it with a nerfed version that is both no where near as good , and also somehow * more * expensive in the long run . 
  and there 's a real fear around that some really serious anti-piracy laws may come in some time soon . 
  just a tip . 
  we actually spell the party name `` labor '' despite every other context us using the `` u '' in the same way as the brits . 
  also til ranga is spelled ranga . 
  i always thought it was `` wranga '' . 
  but i googled to check it and apparently i was wrong . 
  eh , that 's a different issue . 
  the american system is fucked up from a fundamental mechanical standpoint . 
  the way the system is * designed * is just terrible . 
  the australian system is damn brilliant . 
  not perfect , mind you \\* , but very good . 
  our problem is with the * people * who vote in less than an ideal manner ( where `` ideal '' means that they know which issues matter to them , do their research on these issues , and vote accordingly , as opposed to just lapping up whatever the media throws at them or voting the way their parents have always voted ) . 
  \\* gvts need to be removed , and i 'd like to see a proportional system like stv used in our lower house . 
   properly it would be `` three hundred twenty six dollars . '', 
  to put it bluntly , no . 
  this is wrong . 
  this * is * consistent . 
  that 's the style of handwriting taught in queensland . 
  that * is * what cursive `` r `` s look like here . 
  where do you work in queensland that you process 50 cheques per day ? 
  i do n't think i 've * ever * seen one used in my life here ... 
  ah , perhaps i should have been clearer . 
  i was n't saying that the american format is wrong .
