  we call jam the same thing you call jam . 
  if we came across your jelly we would call it jam because that 's what we 're familiar with , and the word jelly is a gelatin based dessert . 
  scratchies cost $ 9 where you are ? 
  in aus i 've normally seen them for $ 1 or $ 2 . 
  no they 're not . 
  us$ 1 is about au$ 1.10 at the moment , and over historical values that 's already pretty high . 
  the biggest paracetamol brand in the commonwealth ... 
  i agree . 
  i was just trying to put it in as mild a manner as i could . 
  or do accept it , but just let yourself be hit !, 
  the episode is actually one of my favourite of the season , and i did n't realise it was a matrix parody . 
  i still do n't see it . 
  seems to me more like a blatant terminator . 
  do n't buy tylenol or panadol . 
  buy off brand paracetamol . 
  it 's just as good ( the same chemicals ) at a fraction of the cost . 
  edit : fixed autocorrect, 
  til sometimes you have to get a prescription for paracetamol . 
  i 'm in a similar position . 
  i 've been absolutely loving arrow , and i 've loved a heap of other comic-derived media ( young justice was fantastic , and i 've really enjoyed what marvel 's done with their cinematic continuity ) . 
  but i do n't read comic books , and have no intention to , for a variety of reasons , but most importantly the complexity of relations between different characters and the same character in different actual comics . 
  it 's just so much more convenient to glance at your wrist to see the time rather than having to get your phone out of your pocket . 
  it 's also * enormously * more convenient if you 're doing exercise . 
  i do n't want to carry stuff with me when i 'm running or cycling if i can avoid it , but i do want to be able to time myself . 
  my watch has a simple stopwatch feature on it which does the job perfectly . 
  ( i also do n't like getting my phone sweaty , but my watch is n't a problem . ), 
  do n't even need to download it now . 
  just make sure it 's added to your account . 
  honestly , while i think that that sort of advice is absolutely terrible , i do n't think it 's inconsistent or hypocritical . 
  the basic premise is that if one person does n't want to do something for the other , then they must be incompatible , so they should break up . 
  consistent , but stupid . 
  that 's exactly how i feel about it . 
  if i were on windows 7 now , i would n't even think about upgrading . 
  but as someone who -- out of sheer laziness -- is still on xp , i plan on upgrading to windows 8 soon . 
  there are some definite advantages to it over 7 . 
  not enough to justify moving from 7 , but enough to justify * not * going to 7 when you 're upgrading anyway . 
  why on earth do you hate the idea of `` it just works '' ? 
  i get that on ios this was implemented in a way that makes it extremely difficult to customise and stuff , but it 's a totally different game on os x. 
  it just works -- if you want it to . 
  but you still have an incredible amount of power to customise it how you like . 
  no less than windows , in fact . 
  i 'm very skeptical about your claim to be a microsoft employee . 
  got any proof you could provide ? 
  i 'm normally actually very trusting on these things , but i know for a fact that microsoft no longer likes the use of the term `` metro '' to refer to their new ui , and yet you have repeatedly used it . 
  i 'm not entirely certain , but i think he was deliberately using bizarre and made up phrases that look like they might be sayings . 
  that ... makes sense . 
  the us is infamous for having awful labour laws , but i know in many countries that would n't just be shitty on the part of harmon , but * illegal * . 
  it would be illegal for the employer to require employees to do this on a regular basis . 
  i feel like a much nicer way of saying it is `` nobody thinks about you as much as you do '' . 
  could be on mobile . 
  i 've found that there are some situations -- especially in mobile web browsers -- where it wo n't automatically put a space after a full stop or comma . 
  when you 're used to it usually doing this , then you will naturally glaze over and not notice when it fails to do this . 
  i 'm indifferent to valentines day , but this is awesome , and so is house of cards . 
  look it up . 
  it is . 
  i was using australia when i did it , but you 'll doubtless find the same in many european nations . 
  seriously . 
  we played o fortuna in my school orchestra/choir , and after seeing it in the first rehearsal , i decided to join the choir . 
  there 's like 4 unique bars in the whole piece ( in the clarinet part , anyway ) . 
  oh man , i absolutely love the music in those games . 
  i 'm a huge fan of film music ( and a big gamer ) , but i do n't think i 've ever really been more than mildly impressed with any video game music apart from tes . 
  told from the perspective of a family friend ? 
  brave also came out that year from disney , and i thought it was terrible to me honestly . 
  and yet it won the award for best animated feature . 
  and then copyright the game . 
   naturally , none of these products help if you have a keylogger installed on your machine . 
  which is why we need two factor auth to become ubiquitous . 
  how do i use this on my phone or tablet ? 
  ( / rhetoric ), 
  i think the biggest problem is social engineering [ at the other end ] ( http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2012/08/apple-amazon-mat-honan-hacking/all/ ) . 
  with that information they can easily gain access to many users ' accounts by contacting the other companies . 
  why 's that only people outside the us ? 
  is n't it easy enough to gather the materials for crafting new armour ? 
  i know i could regularly get what i needed for light armour and staves without encountering enemies . 
  quickedit : and just buy the racial item you need from the store . 
  i do have to say , while the crafting system in this game seems incredibly powerful and a major step up over skyrim , it does also seem incredibly complicated . 
  the ui and stuff could use some improvement to make that easier . 
  i got a couple of screenshots of the flute orchestra ( and general mayhem ) that was going on where i was at the end in ebonheart . 
  on my phone now but i 'll put them up later . 
  regarding c , is it weird that i actually * want * dissenting opinion in this subreddit ? 
  i absolutely loved the beta , but when i got an enormous amount of negativity posting about it in / r/australia ( negativity about the game itself , not the relevance to the subreddit ) i was kinda shocked and decided to avoid most posts about it outside of specific gaming subreddits . 
  so i want some strong criticism in here so we can see the other side of the argument and not become too much of an echo chamber . 
  not bland and useless hate like nexus9988 posted just there , of course , but i certainly welcome any negative arguments with even a little bit of justification behind them . 
  sounds to me like virtual machine is the right name for it . 
  anyway , i thought there might be people for whom using usb on a computer was not possible . 
  i just did n't mention it because i was n't certain . 
  ah right , thanks . 
  probably stored on a different server or something would be my guess . 
  fifth picture is spy satellite . 
  the end . 
  large long lenses like that can have both a long focal length and wide aperture . 
  focal length is essentially the amount of zoom . 
  longer focal length means more zoomed in . 
  50 mm is roughly the `` normal '' length , but wildlife photographers want much more than that because they want close-up looking photos without having to actually get closer . 
  you 'll be looking at 200 -- 400 mm . 
  there 's a comment further up the thread that does a great job of explaining the other important effect of a longer focal length -- perspective -- so i wo n't go into that . 
  aperture is how wide the hole on the lens is . 
  bigger hole means brighter image even in lower light , and importantly it means you can have a shorter shutter speed ( amount of time the hole is open for ) . 
  this is important for wildlife because they can be moving a lot , and you want to avoid motion blur . 
  aperture also affects something called depth of field , which i can explain if you like but is n't important right now .
