  if you 're using windows on a mac , or connect a non-apple keyboard to os x , ctrl will be control , alt will be option , and win will be cmd . 
  personally i would prefer the one big file , but pdfs can be insanely slow when they get that large . 
  i do n't really blame him for preferring multiple small ones . 
  i 'd definitely trust a tweet answering a specific question than some vague commentary from a third party that claims to be based on the designers ' comments . 
  we do n't know exactly what crawford said that prompted that other dude 's summary in the blog . 
  it 's very possible ( likely , even ) that they are surmising things that crawford et al never intended . 
  so i just recently worked on a project with ethereum for a university course ( i 'm not a law student , i do software engineering ) . 
  it 's quite an interesting technology . 
  for example , if it were n't for the technical hurdle in setting it up ( and it is an * amazingly * difficult process to set up correctly ) , it would actually be possible to make a truly great online voting system . 
  you could get anonymity , non-repudiation , and transparency ( in that everyone can verify that the votes were counted correctly ) , all of the crucial aspects a voting system requires . 
  the technical hurdles are way , * way * too high to even * think * about * actually * using it to run elections , though . 
  but i 'm not sure i can see how it could be used to `` disrupt lawyers '' . 
  the word `` contract '' in ethereum is just a fancy way of talking about the script that 's getting executed . 
  it 's not the same as the thing on a bit of paper that you put a signature next to when you make a business deal . 
  and even if it were , you 're still going to need lawyers for all sorts of things , both orthogonal to this process , and directly related to it . 
  all ethereum is doing is providing you with a way to prove that the person that controls a certain address did indeed make whatever transaction they made : neither they nor the party at the other end of the transaction can refute it . 
  that 's * basically * all it does . 
  haha if someone did that * in concert * i would be absolutely mortified !, 
  i had to google them to know exactly what the values are , but it 's worth knowing that they exist . 
  the point is though that * everyone * knows 127.0.0.0 / 8 is loopback , so if you use it , everyone 's going to assume you 're actually * using * loopback . 
  if your intent is to obscure the real values , using one of the above would be more appropriate . 
  you could also use a 192.168.0.0 / 16 , or a 10.0.0.0 / 8 address to achieve more or less the same result , as long as the actual test did n't * rely * on the value being not part of a local network . 
  yeah i 'm in exactly the same position . 
  have to count it out after 10.6 . 
  el capitan 's the current latest , right ? 
  i dunno , the only place name one that i 've ever easily remembered has been yosemite , probably due to it being the only one i 've heard of * before * apple started using it . 
  version numbers are not decimals . 
  it 's perfectly normal to use 10.10 because you do n't typically increment the first number unless there 's a * huge * change ( unless it 's for marketing purposes ) . 
  each number can increment any amount , with the more significant number only incrementing based on the scale of the change , not because it gets rolled over by a less significant number going past 10 . 
  as a similar example , microsoft was on version 6 for a * long * time . 
  vista was 6.0 . 
  win7 was actually 6.1 , while win8 was 6.2 and 8.1 was 6.3 . 
  they jumped it up with windows 10 , so that the version number now matches with the marketing number . 
   other than getting the name wrong for the next few years, 
  heaps of people * already * get the name wrong ( currently calling it mac os when it is properly known as just `` os x '' ) . 
  if anything , this name change will result in people accidentally getting it right , again . 
  i 'm curious as to how someone goes from being a member of the greens to founding a party described as `` economically liberal '' . 
  like i said , `` unless it 's for marketing purposes '' . 
  [ here 's an alternate view of the same prank ] ( https://www.facebook.com/hellostage/videos/780831305387421/?hc_location=ufi ) . 
  i see !, 
  yeah i guess that 's probably true , good point . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i admit i only skimmed the article apart from the bullet points . 
  that just makes their results even less definitive as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i 'd love to . 
  where can i find it ? 
  sure , perhaps , but no more than legalzoom already is in the states . 
  there 's nothing i can see about the blockchain technology that 's of particular interest here . 
  i wonder what you would say to a race that is homebrew in the edition you play , but * based * on an existing race from a different edition ? 
  so none of the cheese that can often come of weird homebrew ideas for races . 
  careful now , the warforged are not on the same level as genasi , goliaths , etc. 
  warforged are only available through the eberron unearthed arcana , which puts them halfway between homebrew and an official release . 
  i get where you 're coming from . 
  i hate the reboot films too . 
  but i do n't hate the guy for it . 
  i just hate the films . 
  besides , he 's doing an * amazing * job with star wars . 
  his trek films feel more like shoddy attempts at doing more star wars than actual trek . 
  yeah . 
  i can see why people want to think of it like that , and in some ways it does make sense , especially with respect to lawful evil versus neutral/chaotic evil -- looking at devils as characters that scheme against their higher ups , while still strictly adhering to contracts made , and * never * outright lying . 
  if you do n't allow for some degree of `` personal code adherence '' in the definition of lawful , it might be difficult to call devils lawful . 
  but it 's incredibly problematic at times , too , because even a character like two face or the joker has * some * form of personal code . 
  two face 's is really simple , and he strictly adheres to it : i do whatever the coin decides . 
  but that 's also the very definition of chaotic in a way . 
  and the joker 's personal code is basically ( to simplify it ) `` be as chaotic and spread madness as much as possible '' . 
  that 's a personal code , and he certainly sticks to it . 
  but no one would claim the joker is a * lawful * character because of it . 
  basically , lawful versus chaotic is , in general , a really difficult thing to define in a perfect definitive way . 
  definitely agree . 
  we can quibble over which characters are which alignment until the cows come home . 
  we 'll never reach a universal agreement on that matter for a * variety * of reasons ( not least of which is people seeing different versions of many characters ) . 
  but one thing i 'm sure * everyone * can agree on : this is a terrible way to show things . 
  the scatter plot might work , but it would come with the requirement that certain characters need to be shown as `` more chaotic '' or `` more good '' than others , rather than just attempting to decide which of the 9 alignments each of them is under . 
  a reasonable compromise would have been to simply show one of those 3 by 3 grids , and place each of the characters in the correct location , but make no attempt to sort each of the characters within each alignment amongst themselves . 
  either way , it would be hard to come up with a much worse visualisation than this . 
  i 'm not sure the bonus proficiencies are warranted . 
  it 's already getting a fairly powerful flavour ability ( natural explorer ) , plus the superiority dice as the meat of the option . 
  an extra skill proficiency is giving it a * lot * more than it feels like it should have . 
  a character that wants ranger-like proficiencies can get them from their background , and they already get a reasonable amount of rangery options from the fighter 's class skill list . 
  i like the options for how you expend your superiority dice . 
  but they could use a bit more flavour . 
  for example , describing the short rest health gain as being from using a herb or salve or something like that . 
  related to that , i feel as though the healing should be usable by the ranger * or * one of their allies . 
  your wording on the last one is a bit off . 
  `` when you a creature '' . 
  but i * really * like the way you 've built marking in to it . 
  i wonder if you 've deliberately left off the ability to shift the mark to another creature if your current quarry dies , or if that 's an option that you 've forgotten to add . 
  in general , i think these superiority die options should have names and headings , like the man\u0153uvres that the battle master gets . 
  worldy senses is great , but i feel like it should take time to use , and not be instantaneous . 
  1 minute is what the bm 's know your enemy takes , so that seems reasonable . 
  i do wonder if it needs relentless . 
  it 's already getting a fairly useful ability at 15th level , and relentless , one could argue , is a crucial feature of the battle master , as far as the superiority dice mechanic goes . 
  otherwise , i really like it . 
  i do n't think it 's too powerful , though it is quite a broadly adept option . 
  and it definitely does a fantastic job of capturing the flavour of a character like a ranger of ithilien or a d\u00fanedain , which is exactly what i want from the ranger . 
  do n't think it could be java . 
  i 'm not aware of ` var ` being an option in java , plus semicolons are * mandatory * at the end of lines . 
  that 's a really interesting question . 
  theoretically , if the government tried hard enough , i think they could have something ready in time for the next federal election ( ~ 2019 , not next month ) . 
  as near as i can tell , if set up correctly , it should have all the same beneficial properties paper elections have , plus the added transparency in counting , and individuals being able to see that * their * votes were correctly counted .
