  when you say it out loud , what you 're doing is abbreviating it to would 've . 
  one last one , it 's * could n't * care less , not could care less . 
  the latter just does n't make sense if you think about what it literally means . 
  op is confusing . 
  over powered , original post ( er ) , operator . 
  the first two , in particular , can be confusing in a place like / r/gaming ( and , i would assume , / v / ) , where both terms get used . 
   but now i had my eye on the snake in the grass that is grass, 
  what does this mean ? 
  am i missing some sort of expression/phrase/reference ? 
  why us citizens only ? 
  none of this explicitly requires us citizens ... 
  also , what sort of games do you count . 
  i discounted my rather heavy ingress playing , and also / r/tribalhero , which i consider a casual game . 
  cheers, 
  i usually hear about france in relation to outdated technology-related stuff , to the extent that even us makers would be astonished . 
  them , along with germany are some of the most backwards in terms of technology in the ( developed ) world . 
  glad to see they 're not backward in this respect though . 
  well done to france !, 
  now if only australians would follow their lead ( and , more particularly , our neighbour 's lead ) and legalise it . 
  of our major parties , one is firmly against it , and the other is neutral ( members are allowed to vote how they personally want -- there 's no party line , although the party leader is against it ) . 
  so we do n't even have any major prospects of it happening in the next 3 years ( before the next , next election ) at the very least ... 
  \u00a1 still makes more sense than upside down punctuation marks !, 
  fuck the downvoters , you 're absolutely right . 
  all this `` states rights '' stuff is bullshit . 
  it 's inefficient in areas like taxation ( and many others ) , and it creates unnecessary complications in creating laws in almost every significant case . 
  this , as well as legalisation of weed , is the perfect example of that . 
  the problem with it is when sentences have multiple clauses . 
  you ca n't put the upside down mark in the middle of a sentence , \u00a1 that just does n't make sense !, 
  \u00bf so then you put it at the start of the entire sentence , but only the last part of the sentence is a question/exclamation ; how does that make any more sense ? 
  haha yeah , emoticons plus brackets are really awkward . 
  i always try to use an alternate emoticon that does n't use brackets , e.g. 
  :d rather than  . 
  a poor solution , though , because the connotations are somewhat different . 
  there was a bunch of comments talking about getting smaller . 
  one person also mentioned the most efficient way would be to get closer , though . 
  i simply merged the ideas ( in what was originally meant as a joke , anyway ) . 
  good luck everyone doing it this year !, 
  i 'm sure you 'll all do great !, 
  sorry , i thought it was fairly clear from context , i meant the laws that they have in place regarding what they refer to as `` privacy '' . 
  i like how they cut off far northern queensland . 
  as an australian , i 've had my grandmothers ' , and store bought ones . 
  the latter are awful . 
  it 's april 25th here , so happy birthday !, 
  also , anzac day in australia and new zealand . 
  love how you acknowledged the southern hemisphere there !, 
  :d ( even if this post is nearly a month late . ), 
  my only suggestion is [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qellleco4om ) . 
  i do n't know which movement is about drinking , so i figured i 'd post the whole thing since it 's so awesome anyway . 
  the worst thing is , you guys * did n't * decide to give the other side a try , the first time ( at least as i understand it ) . 
  he won in the electoral college , but received less votes overall . 
  in our case , it 's likely to be a landslide victory for the coalition . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong , though ( i very well could be ) . 
  would you take it * instead of * your phone ? 
  probably not , seeing as most of those that currently exist rely on a connection to a smart phone . 
  i also see it as far more of a consumption thing : it 'll notify you when you get a text or an incoming call , and you can see who they 're from , maybe read the text , but you 'd get out your phone to respond . 
  the answers given did n't really seem to fit with this image . 
  this want meant not as a sarcastic joke at america 's expense , but one at northern queensland 's expense . 
  huh ? 
  i was super excited when i got my results back . 
  why would you not care about how you did in the course that took up your last two years ? 
  as a queenslander , i took offense to this . 
  then i realised , it 's probably true :(, 
  i always hated when i had to use asian playstations , with their circle for forward and x for back . 
  x marks the spot , as well as being the button in the most comfortable position to reach . 
  so there 's still a chance of another vietnamese war ? 
  can confirm . 
  there was a lone star in aspley that has n't been open for a while now . 
  i went past recently and noticed it was an outback steakhouse . 
  i do n't know whether or not it 's open yet , though . 
  that 's where i first noticed it , too . 
  but then again , i do n't subscribe to / r/adviceanimals , so i do n't know which happened first . 
  it 's weird that people would n't know what you mean when saying trash ( on account of all the media we get from you ) , but yeah , the word here is rubbish . 
  yep . 
  the `` throw anotha shrimp on the barbee '' crap came from an ad for tourism to australia which was shown in america . 
  i believe it had one of our more famous actors in it , but i do n't remember which . 
  i agree with 1 . 
  here in australia we do n't need tv licences either . 
  in the uk , however , even to watch `` free to air '' tv , you need to pay ( a rather large amount ) for a licence . 
  i simply chose that answer , and explained it in the comment section on that question . 
  yep , definitely interested in seeing the results !, 
  by the way , awesome job making the difference between residence and nationality . 
  i do n't now , but used to live overseas , so it 's good to not have to think about whether to put my country of origin or my current residence . 
  you should definitely make sure to check the comments here for feedback on the survey so far . 
  haha i 'd love to , but i do n't actually know it , sorry :(, 
  hi from zone 2 brisbane . 
  fair enough , but the quiz * is * anonymous . 
  i had no problem giving answers . 
  agreed , this would make strategy a much more important part of the game than it is now . 
  it would go a * long * way into removing the heavy bias towards attackers that exists currently . 
  if you like this kind of thing , try / r/minorkey, 
  but holy hell . 
  this is one of the best minor transpositions i 've come across yet . 
  i really hope mr berg does some more classical pieces !, 
  when doing this kind of thing , i think it 's always good to take b as bb , and h as b -- in the german style . 
  s is also eb , for some reason ( according to the dsch motif ) . 
  then you 've got to do something with the rest of the notes . 
  of course , how you interpret it is up for debate . 
  i 'd be really interested if anyone knows of any other letters that have been given a note before for any reason , similar to the conventional german names , or shostakovich 's s. 
  / u/scrumptiouscakes , you got anything on this ? 
  i 'm surprised beethoven 's ** 5th ** has n't been mentioned .
