  i was expecting the colossus of rhodes ( or the titan of braavos ) , but i think i like this better . 
  seriously . 
  especially on weekends ... 
  i 've always found that brisbane 's public transport is really good . 
  it 'd be nice if it went later , especially on fridays and saturday nights ( / saturday sunday early morning ) , but during the day and in the evenings it 's really good . 
  too expensive for non-concession holders , and the ttcc is just fucking retarded , but the transport availability itself is really good . 
  oh awesome , thanks !, 
  this should really help !, 
  the only one i think i might do differently is talking them down from being mutinous , which as you said could also be persuasion or intimidation ( depending on how they go about it ) . 
  but thanks so much for all the other examples . 
  when you talk about it being a `` piloting check '' , i 'm guessing that means that you would add their proficiency bonus if they have proficiency with the type of vehicle they 're trying to pilot ? 
  yeah that 's what i figured . 
  thanks !, 
   remedial chaos theory should be s03e03 - it aired as s03e04 due to a slightly longer production time , but there are references in competitive ecology to eartha kitt which place it post-rct, 
  another slightly less powerful reason is that rct opens with a shot of the door saying 303 . 
   the final straw for me came in late 2014 during one particular twit where a particular product i use and provide services for ( which continues to do very well and mean a lot for its loyal users ) was repeatedly made fun of by laporte himself - for the better part of three hours and with little to basically no opinion grounded in fact, 
  i 'm curious which product that would be ? 
  would n't be uber , would it ? 
  quickly browsing the show notes for twit from late 2014 , i ca n't find any other companies that got a significant amount of criticism . 
  oh that 's awesome !, 
  i did n't even know that they did that . 
  oh , thanks for this . 
  i 've been listening to twit shows for ages ( started with windows weekly and macbreak weekly , currently listen to 6 of their podcasts all up ) , but never heard any of the drama people are talking about in this thread . 
  glad that at least this particular argument has pretty much no basis to it . 
  the network puts out a huge amount of very high quality tech-related content . 
  quite frankly i 'm not sure i care about the drama that goes on behind the scenes . 
   i ca n't stand adam curry for some reason, 
  `` some reason '' ? 
  the guy is a complete fucking nutjob . 
  he denies the fucking moon landing , for christ 's sake . 
  i enjoy dvorak on twit , and i find his bitterness really amusing , at least in the small doses we get , but i just do n't want to go anywhere near his co-host on no agenda . 
  yeah , that 's where i got the idea from . 
  here 's hoping they do the same here . 
  i dunno , i thought that might happen earlier on in season 3 , but by the end of the season he seemed pretty set on winning the democratic nomination . 
  after all , he won iowa , did n't he ? 
  for season 4 , i 'm far more interested in knowing how it will * end * . 
  i can see three likely endings , but to avoid spoilers , basically one matches the end of the original novel ( when it was just a single novel ) , one matches the ending of the uk series ( at the end of its season 3 ) , and the other is to * look * like it 's gon na do one of the above , but then subvert it . 
  yeah , i definitely got that impression . 
  the first two seasons roughly fit with the first two seasons of the uk show . 
  the third season of the uk one being the last , i guess they did n't want to follow that too closely . 
  i would say it seems roughly like both seasons 3 and 4 of teh us version are following season 3 of the uk one , but because of how they 're stretching it over 2 seasons , there 's * way * more extra stuff added in . 
  and the problem is that this time , the extra stuff just did n't cut it quality-wise . 
  i watched a playthrough on youtube . 
  one that was edited so there were n't too many replays of the same section , and one that was without commentary over the top . 
  i 'd love to play it , because the experience would obviously be * so * much more engaging that way . 
  but having watched it , it actually makes for a really good movie-type experience , too . 
  yeah , it was n't a good idea . 
  i could be wrong , but i believe they plan guests quite a while ahead of time in many cases ( basing this only on a few offhand comments -- especially much more recent ones -- from in the actual episodes , i do n't really follow any of the meta twit stuff ) . 
  that may have been the case here , and they did n't want to cancel it , instead hoping curry would just play nice . 
  regarding the way he was treated during the episode , i think that 's just because laporte is too nice to really confront him directly . 
  most of the time , it seems he just more or less agrees with people , or disagrees fairly tamely ( we see this a lot with jeff jarvis , in particular ) . 
  while yeah , he was far more tame in his treatment of curry than i would be , compared to his usual personna , i thought he was pretty damn scathing . 
  but anyway , he has n't had curry on sense , and he 's made it fairly clear that he has no interest in it having him back on . 
  i think dvorak and that woman who went on about not having a mobile phone ( edit : i think jolie o'dell is who i meant here ) are probably enough controversy/alternate viewpoint for him . 
  yeah , i ca n't remember which one i watched . 
  i had to go through a few before i found one . 
  i ca n't stand most let 's plays because they 've got the person jabbering over the top . 
  for a game like this , you * really * do n't want that shit . 
  that would be assault . 
  possibly [ attempted ] murder . 
  no legal pdf version , and also the pirated versions out there are obviously subpar compared to what it would be if they sold it properly . 
  the ocr can be inaccurate at times , especially if you 're searching for multi-word statements ( as spacing etc. 
  does n't work quite right all the time ) . 
  i feel that they designed all the books with the narrative as the first thing in their mind . 
  they wanted it to be something someone could pretty much read front to back and be interested in it . 
  this makes it terrible as an actual reference book , since if you want to quickly jump to a certain section and find the relevant stats or rules , it can be difficult to find , since you have to read through all the prose . 
  the dmg suffers from the same problem -- though to a lesser degree , since it does have a lot of really nice random tables . 
  in general though , information being laid out willy-nilly is a big problem . 
  just one example :, 
  you want to find out about magic scrolls ? 
  the index reference for '' * scroll * '' points you at page 139 . 
  this describes how scrolls work in general , fine . 
  but there 's no specific examples here , nor any pointers to find specific examples . 
  however , this section does say `` any creature that can understand a written language can read the arcane script on a scroll and attempt to activate it . '', 
  so then you slowly go through the magic item list , and eventually find the * scroll of protection * on page 199 , which describes how it works . 
  nice . 
  then you turn to the next page , and it describes '' * spell scrolls * '' . 
  it describes how they work , which is completely different to how the information on page 139 says scrolls work . 
  `` if the spell is on your class 's spell list , you can use an action to read the scroll and cast its spell without having to provide any of the spell 's components . 
  otherwise , the scroll is unintelligible . '', 
  hang on , what happened to `` any creature that can understand a written language can read the arcane script '' ? 
  so it turns out that * spell scrolls * are a special type of scroll that works under different rules than other magic scrolls . 
  and there 's only one * other * type of scroll currently in existence . 
  but the reader is left to work this much out by themselves . 
  it 's far from intuitive , and probably requires a couple of reads and a few minutes of solid thought to work out what 's going on . 
  all of this in and of itself is n't necessarily a problem -- it does n't bother me that spell scrolls have their own rules separate from other scrolls , though perhaps it would help if there were a few other examples of non-spell scrolls . 
  no , the problem is that the information to find all of this out is spread out over 3 different pages , only one of which can even be found by the index , or through * any * method other than just reading the whole damn book . 
  wait , you 're complaining that he made fun of second life ? 
  i mean , if you use it i guess i can understand being upset , but you do realise it 's been pretty widely regarded as a joke among the general community for a long time , right ? 
  and it 's not even like he started it within the episode . 
  warren brought it up by saying `` it 's embarrasing for me '' that her husband plays it . 
  like it or not , that 's how it 's perceived among pretty much everyone . 
  you ca n't lay that on laporte 's shoulders . 
  if it was n't second life that you 're talking about , then i 'm * really * confused . 
  i just re-listened to the episode and i ca n't think of anything else it could possibly be . 
   one of the best ways to learn how to dm effectively is to dm, 
  i ca n't emphasise enough how much i agree with this . 
  i 've been dming lost mines recently with a relatively experienced group , my first time dming . 
  i 'm still nowhere near as good as i 'd like to be , but last session they got back to phandalin after rescuing gundren ( to give some perspective on how far through we are ) , and i definitely feel i 've improved a lot since we started , in all respects of dming . 
  playing/building npcs , helping to guide the narrative , ruling on ... well , rules , and even being more stern with players when they become unruly ( i have one player who 's a bit of a rules lawyer -- but only when it helps him out , and he 's also frequently not actually correct about the rules -- and i feel i 'm becoming better at handling him .
