  thanks . 
  that does n't bother me in the slightest . 
  neither does harp for harmonica ( as long as the context makes it clear you 're not talking about an actual harp ) , and any number of other abbreviations . 
  hahahaha , very clever . 
  if i actually heard someone do that i 'd probably just find it funny . 
  in a less dickish answer , you could use a virtual machine to run linux just for that one thing . 
  sorry i ca n't give any real help , though . 
  one of the other replies to me said they had never heard someone use the word `` metronome '' before . 
  either they 're bullshitting , or it 's possible that people actually do say met ... 
  still makes better music than beats by dr dre . 
  yes . 
  before flashfrost 's post just then i had never heard anyone say `` met '' when talking about metronomes . 
  yeah that 's the impression i 'm getting from others in here . 
  i play in jazz and concert bands , and i 've never heard it . 
  other commenters are saying they get it in marching bands , though . 
  only award stupider than obama 's piece prize is the eu 's . 
  gary johnson 's ideas for economic policy are simply unsustainable . 
  this idea that small government is a good thing simply does n't work . 
  you need government healthcare , education , and infrastructure for the rest of the economy to be able to function at their most efficient . 
  and do n't even get me started on that one , regressive , tax idea of his . 
  ax is not only acceptable , it 's preferable !, 
  ok not really , but there 's definitely no problems there . 
  i feel alan turing also deserves a mention . 
  saved thousands of lives by cracking the enigma code , went on to become a major force in the early history of computers , was chemically castrated to avoid prison for being gay . 
  later died of poisoning , believed to be suicide . 
  yes , i 've been `` fooled '' into believing that a system that works for my country , as well as many other developed countries must be a system that happens to work very well . 
  i feel that the states in australia have too much power , and they 've way less than in america . 
  the fact is these things * have n't * been done by the states in the past , so why should you assume they will just because johnson is president ? 
  if the states did run healthcare , education , and infrastructure in a logical way then by all means give the power to the states , but they have n't do n't so thus far and there 's no reason to think they would . 
  as for the taxes , some things just make sense to be done at a national level . 
  the fact that prices in the us do n't already include taxes means that things look cheaper than they are , and it makes something that should be really simple ( like buying groceries or ordering a meal at a restaurant ) far more complicated than it needs to be . 
  environmental issues need to be taken from a national level because they 're a national issue . 
  if one state does n't have regulations and another does it means the state with regulations is at an economic disadvantage despite being more sustainable long-term . 
  same goes with health-related taxes like taxes on cigarettes and the like . 
   this bipartisan nonsense continues because people like you think we need a celebrity to make all our decisions for us instead of the people who know their state best, 
  for this statement and this statement alone i 'm down voting you . 
  i believe in rediquette , but this ad hominem attack does n't add to the conversation and , quite frankly , is just rude . 
  nowhere in my comment did i say anything about bipartisanship . 
  i simply pointed out why gary johnson is n't the perfect answer that many people on reddit believe him to be . 
  his social policies , legalising drugs and marriage equality etc. , are brilliant and i hope he gets enough attention that these issues are resolved , but it 's a very good thing he wo n't actually win . 
  not annoyed at all . 
  the logic makes sense , and if i ever join drumline or a marching band i 'm sure i 'll get used to the terminology . 
  in other contexts the word is n't used frequently enough to warrant abbreviating , and if you use the shortened form in other contexts you 're unnecessarily creating confusion . 
  that was my assumption . 
  the difference is that the religion promotes the culture . 
  islam promotes a culture of holding women in lower regard with the dress codes etc. , and i 'm sure there are similar things with hinduism . 
  yep , absolutely correct . 
  i do think , however , that we need to criticise religion for creating the culture in which some people find this acceptable . 
  the criticism needs to be moderated and realistic , though . 
  anyone claiming `` look , this is religion 's true side '' or similar hyperbolous claims needs to realise that they 're taking it too far , but at the same time religion * has * been a part of the problem in many such cases . 
  very well spoken . 
  what !? 
  you do n't like flipping tables and beating chests ? 
  fuck you go away . 
  edit : but seriously , yes , it definitely is nice . 
  does anyone use them in a performance ? 
  in my experience they 're usually for practising . 
  my friend just told me she did 12 hours + of assassin 's creed 3 on ps3 yesterday in one session ... 
  felt it was slightly relevant , so i came here to mention it even if it is late ( and also so i could get the link to show her ) . 
  i just want to mention that , just as is the case with literary analysis , anything mentioned in this thread is only what we read into it . 
  there is no particular evidence that the composer intended these easter eggs to be easter eggs . 
  they may be interesting coincidences , they may just have happened to have sounded nice , or they may have been things that were more obvious to the audience of the time but not today 's audience . 
  then again , some of them probably are `` easter eggs '' , but we have no way of knowing . 
  take everything in this thread with a grain of salt . 
  those who can not remember the past , are condemned to repeat it . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  why would they not be happy with this ama ? 
  i certainly think you 've done a great job . 
  you 're a credit to your profession . 
  huh ? 
  have you not been studying the same 6 subjects for the past 2 years ( or , if not doing diploma , at least the same subjects ) ? 
  and the timetable should have been made official world-wide and given to students a month ago at least . 
  what the fuck . 
  massive cock up on their part ... 
  did n't newton and leibniz come up with calculus separately ? 
  what if they are n't eligible to vote for any number of reasons ( age , nationality , personal history ) , or if they are conscientious abstainers who do n't vote because they refuse to support any of the current candidates . 
  yep . 
  just barbeque some sausages , maybe some onion , and eat them rolled in a slice of bread ( or between two pieces of bread ) . 
  simple and utterly delicious . 
  britain 's ( or england 's , dunno which ) national animal is the lion . 
  who cares if there are n't any actually in the country , that 's pretty damn cool . 
  anyone got a screenshot of this for those on mobile ? 
  no , they celebrate that a candidate that would have been * even worse * on constitutional issues , the economy , and human rights * did n't * win . 
  wow . 
  i never knew germany 's system was so bizarre, 
  i do n't think france 's system is worse than that of the us , though . 
  it 's bad , but not worse . 
  [ indeed ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/uselection2012 ), 
  what i think 's really weird is that an american from one of the 50 states who moves to puerto rico ca n't vote . 
  you can vote from completely different countries , you can vote if you move to a different state , you can even vote from space . 
  us territories are literally the only place in the universe from which a us citizen can not vote for the president of the united states . 
  extra : `` with obama pledging to respect the will of the people if there was a clear majority '' . 
  53 % voted to make any change at all , and of those 65 % wanted statehood ( so approximately 33 % of the total population wants to be a state ) . 
  i 'd say it should not be held against obama if he does n't push to make them a state , there 's no clear majority . 
  cheers, 
  the title is misleading , but only because the article was . 
  there were two questions , the first of which was whether they wanted * any change at all *, 
  53 % voted yes to that , and of those 65 % wanted statehood . 
  that means only about 33 % of the total population wants to be a state . 
  guys his statement is correct .
