  for many people who first learnt to type on qwerty keyboards and who were a little lazy at the time , this benefit may be the most substantial part of what they gain by switching to dvorak , rather than being something inherent in the layout itself . 
  you 'd think so , but actually not necessarily , because of how stv works . 
  it would definitely be true in the house of reps , which uses av . 
  but in stv , candidates at the bottom of the list for the major parties can be eliminated early on , while there are still seats to fill , so it can easily become the case that a major party preference wo n't * necessarily * prevent your vote from being exhausted . 
  plus , it takes so little effort to number a few more . 
  it 's just not worth the risk . 
  it took me about 11 days until i could type fast enough to be happy , and 50 days before i reached a level where i was consistently better than my qwerty starting point . 
  i can switch back and forth to some extent , but i feel very clumsy and awkward when using qwerty and i make quite a few mistakes . 
  can probably still bang out about 40 wpm or so on it . 
  probably does n't hurt that i use qwerty on mobile phones still . 
  the things that made qwerty so useful with old mechanical typewriters again become useful in touchscreen typing where one relies on autocorrect and intelligently ( but subtly ) resizing touch hotspots . 
  if you 're interested in more , i 'd highly suggest checking out / r/dvorak . 
  there are a heap of people who would be more than happy to answer any questions you have , and provide more advice . 
  the sidebar also has a bunch of great links , including two `` guides for newbies '' which are exceptionally handy . 
  i would very much like a `` medieval engineer '' flair , because i go more for the practical side of things than the theoretical . 
  what the fuck gives you that moronic idea ? 
  he 's not correct , because he 's using the rules as justification for the rules . 
  the discussion here is about whether the rules make sense . 
  the simple fact is that they do not . 
  or at least , nobody has justified why they do make sense , and instead , people just brush it off , just like you have right here . 
  that 's disingenuous and it shows how weak the argument is . 
  hey , just so you know , you seem to be shadowbanned . 
  this is a reddit-wide ban that the admins have applied to your account , and it means nothing you post will be seen by anyone unless the mods of the subreddit manually approve it . 
  shadowbanning is supposed to only be for bots and spammers , but has historically also been used for more minor rule infarctions , which may be what happened to you . 
  you can tell that you 've been shadowbanned by logging out ( or opening an incognito window ) and trying to visit [ your user account page ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/screaming_wound ) . 
  you 'll have to message the reddit admins to find out why you were shadowbanned and try to get them to fix it . 
  linen sounds more likely . 
  it was historically more available . 
  gambesons are one of the most common basic types of armour , and we 're made of layers of linen . 
  as libertarians , they 'd want to cut funding to healthcare , education , and infrastructure ( which obviously includes the nbn -- in fact i think it 's one of the biggest things leyonhjelm has spoken out against ) right across the board , and while they might be okay with regulated vaccination , they 're * in general * interested in decreasing regulation wherever they can get away with it . 
  perhaps most fundamental to their core reason for existing , the pirate party supports the nbn , while the ldp would be worse than the coalition on that front . 
  still better than that weird map of triangles they 've got the other guy standing in front of . 
  gods damn it these triangles are the worst . 
  they do n't help visualise anything . 
  they use a different shade of green . 
  nationals are dark green , greens are bright green . 
  so are there any * benefits * to doing it in this way ? 
  everything i 'm reading here makes it seem like just a plain bad idea . 
  wait , the the tour has started how much of it have i missed ? 
  i did n't get a look at him , but assuming your premise , yes , that 's irony . 
  oh it 's only stage 1 ? 
  awesome !, 
  cheers mate . 
  / thread, 
  ah , right ... i guess i 'm just not familiar with the reference . 
  oh right , i see !, 
  that 's actually really interesting to know . 
  i had thought that the fact that it 's such a low primary vote for labor could be largely because of the immense rise of minor parties this election , rather than because of something the coalition had done . 
  nice to see something to back that up . 
  just fwiw , it 's pronounced with a shortened `` a '' , almost like you 're trying to say `` batmn '' . 
  aww man this is so good . 
  it might just be my addled brain from the past 7 hours of watching the abc , but i really think this is just awesome . 
  yeah , the influence of thatcher and reagan is still * very * strongly felt all across the western world , with many of the things they brought in today being considered almost unquestionable and * assumed * as part of the economic debate in politics . 
  australia is no exception to this , unfortunately . 
  the abc 's triangle ... thing ... does n't do any better . 
  it over represents all electorates in less populated states/territories and underrates those from more populated states . 
  you do n't need id for federal elections . 
  that was something the queensland government implemented , so it only applies for state elections . 
   for every ` drink responsible ' ad, 
  it does n't help that the ` drink responsible ' ads the government runs are fucking terrible . 
  the last one i remember seeing was one where a dad asks his kid to get him a beer at a family gathering , then the kid is grown up and asks his kid to get him one , etc. 
  the ad portrayed what was , frankly , a really healthy relationship with alcohol . 
  no one was getting rowdy or disturbing anyone else , or losing their self control or suffering from obviously impaired judgement . 
  so ... why exactly am i supposed to drink less , exactly ( based on this ad ) ? 
  where are you from ? 
  it might be easiest to explain by way of analogy to another country if you 're familiar with one . 
  but in general , we vote for the lower house ( aka the house of representatives ) and the upper house ( the senate ) . 
  / u/chickenfish333 describes the purpose of each of these very well , so i wo n't repeat that aspect . 
  what might also be interesting is the * way * these elections are run . 
  each person has two ballots : their house of reps ballot and their senate ballot . 
  the hor ballot goes to elect your local member from the various individuals running in your electorate . 
  these elections are run using a system called the alternative vote ( also known as av , instant runoff voting , or irv ) . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y3je3b8hse ) does a fantastic job of explaining how av works and why it 's better than a simple `` whoever gets the most votes wins '' election . 
  but to put it simply : the voter numbers all of the candidates in the order they prefer , and the system works out the favourite . 
  your senate ballot paper is used to elect the 12 senators for your state ( it 's usually only 6 senators , since only half are elected at each election , but this year 's is a special election called a double dissolution , which i can get into if you want ) . 
  senate elections work using a system called single transferable vote ( or stv ) , which [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blh_w5khjpa ) or [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8xozjkozfi ) explain . 
  but basically , the way it works is you number a certain number of candidates or parties ( if you number parties , it 's the same as if you numbered all the candidates * from * that party , in the order the party wanted you to ) in the order of your preference . 
  you have to number at least 6 parties or at least 12 candidates . 
  then , the system works out , in a roughly proportional manner , which 12 candidates were the most popular , and those are declared winners . 
   the government final count will be at least tomorrow before it 's finalised, 
  tuesday , actually . 
  they did n't finish tonight , and at least according to antony green , the aec wo n't be doing any more counting until tuesday for some reason . 
  i have to wonder , why the region locks ? 
  why would it not just be released for anyone , anywhere , to buy ? 
  i have no idea , and neither did any of the people on the abc , as far as i could tell . 
  that 's not what this is about . 
  `` right be be forgotten '' is basically a law encouraging censorship . 
  it allows people to delete stories about themselves from appearing on the google search engine because it upsets them . 
  font be fooled into thinking it 's a good law ; it is an * extremely * harmful one . 
  what information google keeps that * is n't * publicly available remains unchanged . 
   the robot faced shorten actually managed to display more charisma and emotion . 
  honestly i was really impressed . 
  last night was the first time i actually saw shorten as somebody who could be an inspiring leader . 
  not something i ever expected from him . 
   drugs need to be fully legalized ( with a regulatory framework that controls for quality and dispenses correct information ) . 
  that is , it ought be legalised , not just decriminalized . 
  uhh ... i do n't know about that mate . 
  decriminalisation is a better option for hard drugs , while softer drugs like cannabis should be legalised , regulated , and taxed , just like the already legal alcohol and tobacco . 
   also although you and i share , with the pirate party , an endorsement of the basic income their reason for it is at odds with mine . 
  huh ?
