  i 'll have it by the fingerful , though , and when on toast it 's got ta be smothered on . 
  i absolutely can not work why the markup for the link did n't work there ... [ why ??? 
  ] ( http://youtube.com/user/vitalyzdtv ), 
  edit :, 
  [ this guy . 
  ] ( www.youtube.com/user/vitalyzdtv\u200e ), 
  i agree . 
  the only time i 've eaten it is when i did n't look to closely and thought it was vegemite inside a sandwich , and it 's absolutely awful . 
  fuck the downvoters , that 's my opinion and i 'm entitled to it . 
  chances are , if you did n't grow up on it , you wo n't like it . 
  there are occasional exceptions to that , but the vast majority of people do n't like it . 
  it 's really an acquired taste . 
  still , if you get the chance , it 's worth trying it . 
  just make sure to spread it thin over butter/margarine . 
  try posting in / r/australia, 
  urgh yes . 
  the opposition in my area can be massive douches sometimes . 
  i 've never had any problems myself , but others on my side have felt really threatened by them ... 
  i 'm sorry , but i can not complete this survey . 
  from the very start of it , it defines extraversion incorrectly , and completing it would be giving inaccurate results . 
  political compass is brilliant . 
  they 've also now updated with an entry regarding the australian elections this year, 
  similar to the one offered by the abc , this places you and the parties on a left-wing -- right-wing axis for economics , and a liberal/authoritarian axis for social issues . 
  it has the advantage over abc 's implementation of being far more in-depth in how it places * you * , and that it considers a wider range of parties ( including separating the liberals and nationals ) . 
  read the about pages and faq . 
   not only that but then everyone will be better prepared for things like ... attempted muggings . 
  do n't forget , also , that the hypothetical mugger is also going to be better equipped at fighting in this scenario . 
  but aside from the reasons already described by others ( which are the best points , really ) , one small but not insignificant argument is to do with the economy . 
  people who spend 2 years in the military are spending two years * not * working , and * not * educating themselves so that they can work in a higher value occupation . 
  that is bad for the economy in the same way people being sick for large periods of time is bad . 
  a lot of subreddits use the nsfw tag to mark spoilers , though usually in those subreddits the css alters the tag to say `` spoiler '' . 
  this is by far the best post here . 
  the problem with the korean education system , as well as most east asian systems , is that it is very much about rote learning stuff , and it does not foster creativity and ingenuity at all . 
  what needs to change in the west is the culture 's attitude towards schools and teaching . 
  teachers should be treated with far more respect in society , and allowed to do their job to the very best of their ability . 
  a change like that would in itself see discipline problems drop immensely ( i 've experienced it first hand ) , and then everyone would be able to learn far better . 
  asia gets this part right , as teachers are treated with great respect by both students and wider society . 
  that seems ... obscure ... 
  i really do n't think i could take the survey with that definition in mind and not revert back to thinking of the more common definition of extraversion . 
  i would think it would be better to use a word with a more definite meaning , rather than trying to co-opt a word that already has a different meaning . 
  that can only create confusion . 
   but two episodes/night would be far too much, 
  i watched it for the first time last week . 
  the whole four seasons in 7 -- 10 days . 
  ( but in all seriousness , i agree that for a group rewatch two a night is overreaching . ), 
  again , read their about pages and faq , but one of the most important bits is that they base their positioning of political parties on their actions , not their stated ideologies . 
  regarding point 1 , would you like to clarify that ? 
  i ca n't think of any socially authoritarian policies , except * possibly * some regarding the environment ( like not wanting nuclear energy ) which could be argued to be economic issues , anyway . 
  i would strongly disagree with your assessment of libs , nationals , and labor , though i do n't know enough about katter 's party to make a judgement . 
  as someone commented when i linked to this on google + , `` most people 's actions would be more right wing and authoritarian than their score in this test if they were to do it '' . 
  get your friend to try the [ political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org ) . 
  it 's a much more in-depth version of this same kind of thing , from an organisation that specialises in this . 
  the questionnaire is a lot longer than the abc 's one , but also produces a better result for it . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/aus2013 ) is their placement of australian political parties in the current election , as well as their justification for it . 
  as / u/flukus said , your friend is what would be called libertarian , which means socially `` libertarian '' and economically right wing . 
  definitely worth reading the `` about '' page and the faqs , too ( but after you 've done the questionnaire to prevent tainting results ) . 
  baader-meinhof phenomenon ? 
  actually , there is no consensus on whether daylight saving uses more or less electricity . 
  what there is consensus about is that either way , the difference is absolutely miniscule . 
  it 's all explained in their about page and faqs . 
  i hear spec ops and think generic triple a shooter a la cod and bf . 
  it is indeed stephen k amos , op has confirmed it above . 
  then you are defining the terms differently to political compass . 
  their definitions are that on the social scale they measure from `` authoritarian '' to `` libertarian '' and on the economic scale from `` left '' to `` right '' . 
  they are socially libertarian , and economically left-wing , so that is where they were placed on the diagram . 
  if you have problems with that , it 's only in the terminology and not in the semantic meaning behind the placement of parties . 
  sure , but you 're still only criticising the semantics of the word they choose to use , and nothing of actual substance . 
  if you 're interested in learning more about our voting system and the systems used in other places , i recommend going to [ cgpgrey ] ( http://youtube.com/cgpgrey ) on youtube . 
  he 's got a series of videos about them . 
  of particular interest is the alternative vote ( might be called instant runoff ) , which is how voting in the reps works . 
  unfortunately he does n't have a video of single transferable vote , which is how the elections for senators are run , but if you do a youtube-wide search for `` stv explained '' there are some other good videos about it . 
  sadly i think far too many people * do * follow the instructions of the first person there . 
  yeah i 've never heard kleenex or hoover used in australia . 
  individuals have as much ability to lobby the government as businesses . 
  the only reason businesses have more influence is because they have more money , so an individual just setting up a business and a web site would not have any more influence than that same individual without a business . 
  i think what he wants is a link to a news article or something where a major greens politician spoke out in support of the actions . 
  if it did actually happen , i do n't think that 's so much to ask . 
   im sorry but their continued focus on refugees versus domestic issues is simply a vote loser for me, 
  so you wo n't be voting for any of the three largest political entities in australia ? 
  and then there 's people who go about defending actual * clear * mistakes just because it 's a great performer normally . 
  ( [ see here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6txovk-mak ) , you 'll need to click `` more comments '' and go back to 9 months ago , between `` jim cullen '' , `` javierpad '' , and `` coolcat123450 '' . ), 
  does it say something about me that i misread `` i had to raid his library '' as `` i had to raid is library '' ? 
  i was really confused about what the hell that would mean ... 
  oh god wesley crusher was such an awful character . 
  oh that 's definitely true . 
  that 's why i said the character is bad , and not necessarily the acting . 
  i do happen to also think he was n't acted very well , but it 's unfair to judge when the writing was so bad too . 
  no , that 's not what altruism is . 
  if that were , then there would be no such thing as altruism , because any time anyone does anything nice for others , they are going to get some kind of nice feeling themselves . 
  what these people did is absolutely altruism . 
   the validity of this argument depends on whether intrinsic rewards qualify as `` benefits . '', 
  i think most reasonable people would agree it does n't . 
  wow . 
  i have to say , that was an incredibly touching piece . 
  i was no big supporter of gillard , but it has me in tears reading that . 
  uhh , yeah mate , that 's the law . 
  you are n't even allowed to take fucking water on the plane with you , why the hell would you think they 'd let you take a knife ? 
  unless you mean they would n't let you have it in checked-in luggage . 
  then that 's just retarded on their part . 
  and they are right to do so .
