  imo it 's one of their best episodes . 
  the change in art style that disney made them do in the second season definitely did n't help ... 
  he himself was not a great technologist . 
  what he * was * , was incredible at getting the right people together and helping guiding them towards the creation of great technology , and making that technology into great products . 
  that 's not a houserule , at least for 4e , it 's explicitly in the rulebook that a movement of 1 or a burst of 1 gives you a 3x3 square in which you can move/over which the burst will effect . 
  any particular reason you commissioned it in c ? 
  a player in my campaign inverted this trope beautifully . 
  in our world , the dm decided that goliaths hate elves . 
  one of our players was a goliath raised apart from the tribe . 
  during the campaign , he met up with a tribe and was getting on really well with them . 
  during a ritual to officially become part of the tribe , they required that he sacrifice an elf they had captured . 
  instead , he freed her and left the tribe completely . 
  there was a really touching moment when a child from the tribe went up to him and returned the gift our player had given him ( think the end of zuko alone ) . 
  loosely related :, 
  there 's a character in my current campaign who 's a goliath barbarian , and he enjoys breaking down doors and carrying them with him . 
  he 's used his doors for a variety of purposes , most notably doubling as a shield , and for sliding down stairs . 
  they took it away in 4e , and ( wisely ) kept it away when moving on to 5e . 
  huh . 
  that was a cool song . 
  thanks . 
  only the second song by cake i 've heard ( the other being short skirt/long jacket , and that only earlier this month ) , but i must say from what i 've heard , i rather like the band . 
  it does seem a bit weird to me that the mum would introduce sarah as her sister , but then the two would never see each other again . 
  come to think of it , it seems weird that the mum calls her sarah . 
  would n't she know her as sam ? 
  school is basically the reason i got glasses . 
  did n't think i needed them that much , and did n't plan on wearing them outside of class . 
  i just knew i was having problems reading the whiteboard . 
  it was n't until after i got them that i realised how much clearer they made everything , and immediately began wearing them full-time . 
  what language uses -  for calling methods and attributes of an object ? 
  from the thumbnail i thought that was yvonne with captain awesome 's head . 
  is that really the best petition we 've got ? 
   thank you so much for saving chuck smovie, 
  that is the entire message . 
  it 's grammatically retarded , it does n't make sense ( thank you for saving it when it has n't been saved ? 
  ) , and it 's aimed at the wrong person . 
   i do n't want their to be too many shows to be honest, 
  there *, 
  but seriously , i agree completely . 
  the amount of different comics and how inter-related they are is a big part of the reason i do n't get in to the comic book world . 
  i really do n't want them to do that with the tv universe , too . 
  all it does is put up a barrier for entry for new people interested in it . 
   whose life is upended by sudden musical hallucinations, 
  has n't this been done before ? 
  i think the guy had a brain aneurysm or something . 
  but yeah , like / u/sakheteu , i 'll definitely watch it . 
  at least the first couple of episodes , if it gets that far . 
  haha do n't fret too much . 
  i would n't have even bothered pointing it out if i was n't making a comment anyway . 
  yeah . 
  the latter half of season 4 and the start of season 5 even had their trend lines under 8 . 
  well , i mean , if you look at the series trendline , it goes down a little . 
  from about 8.2 to just over 7.9 , just by eyeballing it . 
  the analogue 24-hour one with roman numerals for some reason still uses iiii instead of iv . 
  it made sense on 12-hour clocks because upside down it would be too confusing -- look too similar to vi . 
  but on this clock that 's not an issue , and yet they stick to it for some reason . 
  hi from australia . 
  new zealand too , i 'm pretty sure ( but could be wrong on that one ) . 
  as / u/hacksoncode said , with 24 hour time we 're working with a larger modulus , which means we have to apply the modulo less often , which makes it more convenient . 
  english has the advantage over many other natural languages , and * especially * over constructed languages like esperanto ( in fact , most natural languages have this advantage over conlangs ) , that because of how much it 's borrowed from other languages over time , we have an extraordinary array of options to say more or less the same thing . 
  it gives room for a lot more subtlety of meaning , because two words that have the same meaning might have slightly different connotations . 
  it 's not something to be underestimated . 
  while we 're at it , let 's also switch to a single time-zone . 
  business hours in america vs. europe vs. asia might be different numbers , but at least if an american tells a european what their business hours are , no conversion will be necessary to know when that is in their time zone . 
  it should be centred at what we currently call utc/gmt , because whatever we choose is ultimately going to be arbitrary , but we might as well make the transition as easy as possible . 
  utc is centred around the geographic 0 longitude . 
  ( i say this as someone who 's not far from as far away from utc as you can get . 
  basically , if you see people talking about `` 4chan '' they 're probably really talking about / b / . 
  yeah , you do n't have to be a patient gamer to do that . 
  if you buy a game two weeks after launch , that 's not a patient gamer , but it * is * enough time to see the reviews of the game before you buy . 
  i find your arguments incredibly uncompelling , but i agree with your point . 
  we should move to a single time-zone because it makes communication easier . 
  in this global age , where people are communicating at light-speed over the internet , having separate time zones just hinders communication . 
  if someone tells me something is at `` 9pm eastern '' , i first have to work out what they mean by `` eastern '' ( probably , but not necessarily , us eastern standard time or eastern daylight time , depending on the time of year ) , then convert that to a utc value ( utc-6 or utc-5 ) , and then do the calculation between that and my time zone , in order to know when it happens . 
  this communication becomes much easier if we use a single timezone . 
  sure , in the uk they 'll be eating dinner at 1800 , while americans might be eating at 1200 and australians at 0400 , but it 's pretty simple to adjust local business hours to a universal timezone . 
  standard business hours in the uk will be 0900-1700 , in new york they 'll be 0300-1100 , and in sydney they 'll be 1900-0300 . 
  [ i cropped it to fit my nexus 4 ( 768 x 1280 ) ] ( http://imgur.com/dbdedue ) . 
  anyone with a screen ratio of 0.6 should be able to take that one . 
  i 've done this , but mostly during rehearsals/breaks in long rehearsals ( playing in the pit of a musical is particularly good for this ) , rather than before performances . 
  so , you good and ready yet , or not ? 
  eli stone , that 's the one . 
  ca n't say i 've ever seen more than a few episodes of it here and there . 
  might have to give it a go when the rest of my shows are on hiatus next . 
  i 've never played in an opera , but my experiences playing in musicals have been some of my absolute best . 
  ( just so long as we ignore the director . 
  damn those people are scary , i 'd hate to be on stage . ), 
   i was always under the impression that pale asian skin was more attractive/desired in asian culture, 
  unfortunately , * it is * . 
  at least in the asian cultures that i 'm most familiar with ( specifically korean and vietnamese , though i believe it is also true throughout indochina , and in japan ) , there is a fairly strong desire for paler skin . 
  the way i 've heard it described is that darker skin implies you 've been in the sun more , which means you must be lower class . 
  for whatever reason , they hold this bias across even for naturally darker skin . 
  as an example , in vietnam racism against the minorities ( mainly from the centre of the country , and who have noticeably darker skin than the viet majority ) can be pretty terrible . 
  skin whitening products are really popular . 
  another dvorak typist in here . 
  i 'm curious , what layout do you use when programming ? 
  also , aoeu  oeui . 
  aww ... 
  i was kinda hoping that would be real . 
  wait labor backed this ? 
  what the fuck , shorten .
