  also , because it 's not regulated you could see a drop in the quality of education at the free level . 
   for the most part r/libertarian is pretty open to discussion and exchange of ideas . 
  yeah , the smaller subreddits usually ( but not always ) are . 
   it 's really helped me to hone my arguments and given me a lot of good data sources, 
  glad to have helped . 
  is taxation in order to pay for the education , healthcare , etc. , considered threatening peaceful people ? 
  i would have simply assumed the answer to that is no , but someone else in this thread ( as well as what you had in brackets ) said something that implied it was yes . 
  how ? 
  the term libertarian is referring to social issues , not economic ones . 
  take a look at the political compass i linked to above , and read their front page . 
  are islam and judaism monistic ? 
  considering their similarities , i would n't have thought that they are . 
  come to think of it , how exactly are hinduism and buddhism monistic ? 
  i 'm really eager to learn this , my knowledge of non-christian religions is not as good as i would like , and learning it from this perspective is the best way , in my opinion . 
   their front page has no relevant info, 
  their front page simply describes what they do . 
  it explains how the way so many people talk about politics ( left vs. right ) is inaccurate , and how they attempt to fix this by having left and right on economic issues ( right being in favour of the free market , and left being in favour of regulations and taxation ) , and social issues ( top being authoritarian , or wanting government to have more control over how people live ; bottom being libertarian , or government involving itself left in people 's lives ) . 
  how is that `` no relevant info '' ? 
  if you want more , you can try the [ faq ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/faq ) ( in fact , i recommend reading the faq anyway ) . 
   it seems to be design and written by socialists, 
  it 's designed and written to show be neutral . 
  because of this , people with a strong leaning in one direction often will find it to be slanted against them , it 's just natural . 
  haha no worries , you do n't want a hungry cat !, 
  thanks for the link and the explanation . 
   i disagree that `` libertarianism '' is only for `` social '' issues, 
  then you do n't disagree with the political compass idea , you just do n't like their terminology . 
  considering the number of people who consider themselves libertarian left or libertarian socialist , i do n't think that word is necessarily a bad one . 
   i also highly highly disagree that the `` right '' is in favour of the free market . 
  that 's actually my own understanding of it , i believe that their stance is slightly more complex than that . 
  i agree that their website design is n't great , but it gets the job done . 
  if you read from [ here onwards ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/faq#faq1 ) , the only thing that 's a problem is the font they 've used . 
  in australia they say for men it 's 2 `` standard drinks '' in the first hour and 1 every hour after that . 
  ever normal beer i 've seen is usually 1.2 -- 1.4 standard drinks , that 's the thing . 
  obviously this is just a rough guideline , and everyone is different , of course . 
   i ca n't be anything to anyone until i grow more to be enough for myself . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  that is such a deep sentiment . 
  it seems so meaningful . 
  seems like a great philosophy to have . 
  to be fair , in their case war was never officially declared , either . 
  i use the shift key correctly . 
  that is , whichever hand presses the * letter * that is being capitalised , the * other * hand presses the shift key . 
  on dvorak , that happens to be the left key more often , just because more words start with consonants , and the most common consonants are in the right hand . 
  this is actually the correct technique in touch-typing . 
  hey !, 
  it 's not often i see a dvorak user outside of / r/dvorak ( although it happens way more often on reddit than other sites or irl ) . 
  when you do , please update this post so that we can see it by refreshing this page . 
  cheers, 
  i 've always felt that this was more of a windows issue than anything else . 
  i use both windows and mac on a frequent basis , and i find that many symbols wo n't display properly on windows . 
  the reddit face '' \u0ca0_\u0ca0 '' and others like it will display fine in chrome , but not in many other programmes ( like skype ) . 
  i also have trouble entering an ellipsis into many programmes ( including chrome , but also many others ) using the alt +8230 method . 
  seeing the reddit face works fine anywhere on the mac , and entering an ellipsis ( as well as various other less common marks ) is as easy as option + ; ( or option + some other letter ) . 
  the first part of that does n't seem to be the same as your issue , but to me it seems like it might be somewhat related . 
  i suspect the second part ( many alt codes do n't work ) is the exact same as your issue , so i hope someone has a solution . 
  for the time being , copy-pasting from other applications is the best bet . 
  it was just easier to put them all together like that rather than say `` other religions like islam , and even older ones like judaism , hinduism , or buddhism '' . 
  very very good point . 
  i want to stress that they do what * they think * is best for the majority of people . 
  it of course becomes difficult when the president , the senate , and the house ca n't agree on what they think is the best , though . 
  sometimes they get it wrong . 
  when they do , the beauty of democracy is the majority of people can choose to vote them out , if they think the government is doing them wrong . 
  i guess that 's close enough . 
  thanks !, 
  if you game at all , that could also be a part of it . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm arguing it 's a human right because that 's exactly what it is . 
  when i said he was framing it in an unfair way , i was referring to his use of the word `` steal '' and `` servant '' in relation to things that bear no resemblance to those things . 
  i ca n't have a civil debate with someone who 's trying to deny others ' basic human rights . 
  how can you even try to say that food , water , and shelter are not basic rights ? 
  i do n't agree with the right wing economics that many on this subreddit support , but i can at least accept that those are their views , and they are entitled to them . 
  i can not accept that someone would try to deny others these basic human requirements for life , or at least tell them that they are n't entitled to have them . 
  no matter what app ? 
  that would get really annoying in a browser ... 
  i do most of my stuff in google drive so it 's constantly auto-saving , i do n't even have to worry about it . 
  the stuff that needs more powerful features , i always have in my dropbox , and i 'm pressing ctrl/cmd + s at the end of every sentence , or every small change if i 'm going back over something . 
  plus , it 's automatically backed up immediately if my computer dies completely . 
  most people do n't touch type , i think . 
  and if you 're an english speaker , you 're probably using a qwerty keyboard ( named after the first few letters on the top row ) . 
  i understated how many positive effects there are of removing teachers ' unions , particularly in the us . 
  i definitely agree better teachers should be paid more , but the problem is working out who the better teachers are . 
  you ca n't just go off of results , because it depends on the quality of students to begin with , too . 
  and i 've also heard many stories about bad teachers that could n't be fired , this is another benefit . 
  i also think a merit-based system for teachers is a brilliant idea , but as i said before * it is virtually impossible to implement in a fair way * . 
  people have tried , and failed , many times before . 
  i did not consider the other benefits , because not being from the us i had no proper comparison to make , thanks for the info . 
  i suppose the pay level would be fair as it is if they were treated well . 
  that 's probably the biggest problem i have . 
  despite being an important part of the economy , not even to mention the children 's lives , in most western countries teachers are treated like shit . 
  students will frequently swear at them and otherwise disrespect them , and many parents ( as well as the wider society ) are little better . 
  contrast this with asia , where teachers are thought of very highly . 
  i think i 'm willing to concede that the pay is probably more or less fair ( i do think a small increase would be better , they deserve at least equal to the median ) , i just think they need to be treated better . 
  i was afraid i would come off that way , but i tried to word it so it did n't seem like that . 
  no , i was n't trying to imply people were being actively denied things . 
  my intention was to say that if they ca n't get these , then they are effectively being denied their rights . 
  yes , if the only way to provide food , shelter , and water to everyone is by taking it away from others , then as long as the others still have enough , that 's what should be done . 
  i agree that it does get somewhat less certain when you talk about education . 
  of course you do n't actually need it to live . 
  however , i still believe ( as does the un , and virtually every country in the world , on account of virtually every country having adopted it , including the us ) , that education is a human right , and everyone should be entitled to it .
