  if i get this , it 'll be by asking my parents ( still in vn ) to buy it , rather than paying $ 120 in australia . 
  i definitely think the sport party wo n't keep its seat , but i 'm not too confident about the coalition . 
  i 'm definitely not saying they wo n't lose seats . 
  i 'm just not sure i 'd put money on it , personally . 
  hmm thanks . 
  that helps . 
  i musta missed that thread . 
  just wan na point out that you could just say `` hey dude '' . 
  dude 's a gender-neutral term . 
  well there is the small difference that his supposed grandfather actually was definitively guilty of heinous crimes , while those hitler killed were neither guilty of nor the ancestors of those guilty of any such thing . 
  japan , too . 
  he posts a blog about each of his videos shortly after the video airs . 
   but only because i rarely eat fast food as it is, 
  i had assumed that this was the intended implication of the answer . 
  i was exactly the same . 
  holy shit [ this is perfect ] ( http://fanlore.org/wiki/watsonian_vs._doylist ) . 
  i 've never heard of these terms before . 
  so much more elegant than `` in universe vs. out of universe '' . 
  it is a common mistake , but not a totally unreasonable one . 
  ancaps are basically taking libertarian views way to the extreme . 
  i 'm guessing that the liberals must be considering a policy regarding party names on ballots . 
  they were n't happy about how similar liberal democratic party is to liberal party . 
  i suppose my issue with the term was that , in my mind , it made it feel like rather than diminishing returns , a soft cap would be that you get * no * benefit from increasing the stat further . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  i pretty much only post on people 's timelines when i 've found a link they might like . 
  usually only my closer friends . 
  i think the point is that it was n't obvious that the path n \\ u \\ d \\ e \\ s \\ was the important path . 
  d :\\ contained 26 folders , each with all of the letters of the alphabet . 
  d : \\ n \\ also contained 26 ( as did d : \\ a \\ , d : \\ b \\ , etc. 
  ) , and so on . 
  you could spell out any 5 letter word with his system . 
  ( pro tip , `` est '' has multiple meanings , because multiple countries have an eastern timezone . 
  not even mentioning that many people are n't in any of these timezones . ), 
  my dad once asked me to back up a heap of his files on my computer . 
  one time i randomly decided to go through them , and found a folder called `` shares stuff '' . 
  shares stuff was in there , but it was n't all that was in there . 
  it 's like when people say something has increased by 200 % . 
  i 'm like , does that mean it 's doubled ( in which case technically it increased by 100 % , it is now sitting at 200 % of what it was before ) , or tripled ( actually * increased * by 200 % , to a total of 300 % of what it was before ) . 
  tagged as `` understands how to correctly use irony '' . 
   that quickly clutters up threads before it gets banned, 
  or , you know , provides helpful information for people from most of the world who want to understand what americans are talking about . 
  imac ? 
  oh no of course not . 
  that would be stupid . 
  i was simply saying that there is a slight difference between the two situations . 
  yeah . 
  i agree the law is dumb ( although i also think any individual who chooses to ride without a helmet is dumb ) , but if he wants to protest , one random person repeatedly breaking the law is n't going to change much . 
  he needs to try and organise a big event with lots of people breaking the law together , as part of a public protest against the law . 
  preferably nation-wide . 
  crashed is n't slang , it 's a very common standard part of the english language , and generally refers to an accident of some kind involving a vehicle ( whether it be a bike , car , train , plane , or something else ) . 
  so yeah , you replied to the wrong person there . 
  ninjaedit : ah , just realised , you replied to * yourself * . 
  that was confusing . 
  you shoulda edited it in to your previous reply , or made another reply to the original guy . 
  replying to yourself made it seem ( to people who did n't check the names first ) that your second comment was claiming to state that your first comment was incorrect , and providing a link that your second comment was claiming would prove the first wrong . 
  if that makes sense . 
  he was actually replying to * himself * there . 
  that caused the confusion . 
  i 'm really not sure . 
  a large part of it was probably related to the rumours that they did n't want to scare off other manufacturers who may have feared google was going to monopolise the market by making their own devices much better than what others were able to do . 
  rumour has it that when google sold motorola of to lenovo , it was done after consulting with samsung and they agreed to put less shit on their phones if google got out of the hardware business . 
  the foot -  cm one is very good , but the others become noticeably out of sync fairly quickly . 
  1 kg is closer to 2.2 pounds , and a mile is 1.6 km . 
  it does n't sound like much , until you realise that a 200 pound person is 90 kg , not 100 , which is a relatively substantial difference . 
  but after that it gets really fun . 
  a pint actually has at least 3 definitions that are in use , 2 of which are regularly used . 
  the imperial pint , and the us liquid pint . 
  the imperial one is around 570 ml , while the us one is 470 . 
  gallons have the same problem , with the imperial gallon being 4.5 l and the us gallon sitting at 3.8 l. 
  but yeah , like you , i 've never internalised any of those . 
  i looked pints and gallons up just now , because i already knew that there were multiple definitions of them , but i had no idea what their values were . 
  ounces and stones completely elude me , too . 
  presumably because they * were n't * aiming to monopolise android . 
  hardware on that scale has never been and likely never will be in google 's dna . 
  but they needed samsung et al using android en masse in order to get the most data from users . 
  not if people choose not to interpret it in that way . 
  unless it 's a big thing , most people just are n't going to notice it , and it wo n't get the attention it needs to become a real movement . 
  when i say `` a real movement '' , i 'm referring to the `` repeal the helmet laws '' movement . 
  i myself am a casual bike rider , and i agree that the image of lycra wearers is unfair to those who are n't like that ( but at the same time , i also think the stereotype attached to those who * do * take cycling very seriously is also incredibly unfair ) . 
  there are so many good features in floris . 
  i had never heard of this one . 
  i do n't remember what it was exactly , but i was reading over the features a while back and i found a few in particular that i just really did n't like , despite so many others being fantastic . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't find a nice succinct list of the features that i remember seeing a while back to check what it was that turned me off of it . 
  edit : i 've been going through the links on [ this page ] ( http://floris.wikia.com/wiki/floris_wiki ) and one thing that stood out to me that i did n't like was [ the things on this page ] ( http://floris.wikia.com/wiki/increased_difficulty ) . 
  i do n't particularly think bandits needed to be harder , and nor did tournaments . 
  i find the default troop trees easily sufficient and i think any more would detract . 
  i do really like the idea of ai using formations , though . 
  secondedit : a lot of the other features look really cool in theory , but i feel like they 'd add too much complexity to an already very complex game . 
  i 'll probably give floris a go once i finish the game for the first time -- something i 've never done yet because i usually end up getting distracted by some other game and feeling the need to restart from the beginning once i get back into it . 
  not `` countries like england '' . 
  it 's literally just the uk . 
  in europe , asia , and oceania people think entirely in metric . 
  i can work out what 10 feet is , since i know one foot is almost exactly 30 cm ( knowledge i only have thanks to the ubiquity of 30 cm rulers ) , but i have to do the conversion first . 
  it 's always easier if someone else presents it easily first to save me ( and all the others who use the international system of units ) the time and effort of doing it . 
  okay if it only happened once i 'd ignore it as a typo , but you keep using too when you mean to , and it 's kinda annoying . 
  but anyway , nobody seriously thinks the aussie government is as bad as north korea or whatever . 
  people are using hyperbole to get their point across . 
  true australia : an australia where nobody cares about their country 's politics . 
  seriously , fuck that sub and its snottiness . 
  neat and orderly ?
