  it does n't `` explicitly [ identify ] the economic right with libertarianism '' , in fact it calls libertarianism negative y-axis , and associates libertarianism with social policies only . 
  this article also makes the mistake of pointing out the bias in some of the questions * which is placed there deliberately * . 
  your third article is by far your best . 
  `` now , i 'm just speculating , but i think it has to do with the difference in how they test me , and how they test the candidates . '', 
  this is absolutely true , and is indeed a real problem inherent in their system , but unfortunately it is not one that they can fix . 
  they base their placement of politicians ( from what i gather ) on the politicians ' actions . 
  this may not reflect their actual beliefs because of problems in the system , or it may not reflect their campaigns because they did not portray themselves accurately during their campaign . 
  as a result , there is bound to be some inaccuracy -- some difference between what that politician would get if they took the test themselves and were completely honest about it . 
  this article makes a good point , but remember you 're making two different claims here , one of which i partially agree with and one which i completely reject . 
  i agree that their test can not be 100 % accurate , although i do believe it is a good enough measure of what a person believes : and i also agree that their placement of politicians does not necessarily accurately represent what those politicians truly believe . 
  i do , however , completely disagree with your other claim that the * idea * of the political compass is wrong . 
  it leaves out certain things because it has decided on a certain domain , and does n't go outside of that domain . 
  precisely . 
  it misses some of the subtleties of their beliefs , but it does a fine job of saying basically what their opinion is . 
   remember , an authentic lesbian response to a penis would be indifference rather than disgust, 
  the rest of your comment was absolutely spot-on , and this bit was * so * close . 
  the way you said it implied ( i do n't think it was your intention , but it was implied by your wording ) that no ( authentic ) lesbian feels disgust at penes . 
  i 'm sure it 's hardly a common thing , and it 's possible there are n't any , but there 's no reason a lesbian * could n't * feel disgust with penes . 
  it 's a. 
  most words beginning with h well be `` a '' in most dialects/accents . 
  only if you do not pronounce the h at the beginning of the word will it be `` an '' . 
  ( thus , i believe many americans would say an herb , whereas most other english speakers would say a herb , and both would be correct for their given dialect . ), 
  i 've just finished the first me and am literally in the process of playing me2 as i type this ( two computers ) . 
  yeah , whether or not to save the council was a tough decision for me , i ended up keeping them not because i thought it would be better for me at the end , but because i thought it seemed the `` right '' thing to do for the galaxy . 
  i hope it pays off in the end , though . 
  and the rachni , ( possible me3 spoilers from what i 've read ) [ i 've read that saving them gives you a few war assets that help you at the end of me3 , but that many people feel this was n't as big a deal as they 'd hoped ] ( / spoiler `` mass effect 3 '' ), 
  votes should be weighted by iq !, 
  no , wait , they should be waited by the amount of karma a person has !, 
  the main thing that makes me wonder about this is that they made sure to put in a scene of him giving control to the scarab not too long after that revelation from the future was shown . 
  given how reluctant he 's been to do what the scarab says in the past , i thought that seemed a particularly poignant bit of foreshadowing -- possibly . 
  i 've never played it , and while i 'm sure i 'm in the minority , i ca n't be the only one . 
  i know this post is old , but i 've just found this subreddit because of hank tweeting about his upcoming ama ( should be < 10 mins away ) . 
  i 've been following this series and i 'm a huge fan of it , but i 've never read the book . 
  the amount of spoilers in the comments on the actual youtube videos ( not to mention the sheer * arrogance * when they 're asked politely to not spoil the story ) has been a real annoyance to me -- i nearly stopped watching the series over it . 
  i like looking at comments and reading about different people 's takes on the episode that 's just taken place , so it would be a real shame to cut myself out of reading comments entirely . 
  oh man i 'd love to see that !, 
  any book would be awesome , i do n't care what !, 
  hey hank , thanks for being such a crucial part of this awesome show , i 've really enjoyed it since the very first episode , before i even knew it was an adaptation of a famous novel . 
  one problem i have , that i wonder if you have any thoughts on . 
  as someone who has not read the book , i 've noticed that the youtube comments are full of spoilers for what is expected to happen further on during the book . 
  i really enjoy participating in the discussion and speculating et cetera , but the worry of having the great story spoiled has meant i 've had to be very careful when looking at the comment section at all . 
  i 've asked about including a nice , polite , request for comments to avoid spoilers before , but i got a reply that it 's not something they feel they could do in-universe . 
  obviously any form of manual moderation is a terrible idea , but i do n't see what would be wrong with a note in the video description , which already includes things from out-of-universe ( like credits ) . 
  what are your thoughts about this problem , and do you think there is any chance of something being done to try and allow people like myself to continue getting the full enjoyment of following this great story as it happens ? 
  definitely my favourite idea . 
  is orwell public domain yet ? 
  yeah , a really interesting idea . 
  unfortunately , it 's most likely under copyright , and i know for certain that the english translation is under copyright . 
  so unless a ) it just happens that the original dutch-language version is public domain and b ) they can get someone to translate it for them , i doubt this is likely to happen . 
  did you read the title ? 
  i ca n't answer for him , but by far the next best solution is vimeo . 
  it has far higher quality video ( youtube ruins quality in a terrible way ) , and its social features are decent . 
  not as good as youtube 's , but decent . 
  it would appear he 's avoided all questions relating to not having read the book ... 
  as an australian i find it amazing how much power states in the us have . 
  i 've always thought states in my country have too much power , and here they have so much less than yours do . 
  there are a number of reasons for this , but probably one of the most obvious is that it creates confusion among citizens . 
  if laws are different for different states , how is one person who moves from one state to another supposed to know them all . 
  ignorance is not a defense , but surely it should not be made difficult to not be ignorant of the laws . 
  in a similar way , the us has this bizarre situation where the prices a company advertise and the prices listed on shelves are not , in fact , the actual cost of the item . 
  on top of that price one must add the taxes . 
  the only reason this must happen is to prevent inaccurate price listings and advertising between different states . 
  it creates a terrible situation for consumers and a heap of confusion . 
  less power to states in these kinds of areas seems , to me , the only logical solution . 
  i 'm not professional , so ca n't answer `` how often '' , but [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6txovk-mak ) 's a video of one of the most famous pianists ever making an incredibly obvious mistake in a performance . 
  ( around 2:54 ), 
  [ benjamin zander : classical music with shining eyes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9lcwi5iere ), 
  i was answering as if youtube disappeared today , because the wording of the question was `` what medium would you use to * continue * your various works ? '', 
  ( emphasis mine ) . 
  to me , that implied that the way i answered it made sense . 
  if youtube never existed , i 'm sure some other website for sharing videos would have eventually come up , but would it have been as successful as youtube has ? 
  would it have been vimeo , or some other site that exists today , or would it be some site that did n't get created because of youtube 's success ? 
  i do n't know , and we never will know . 
  it 'll have to remain a mystery . 
  actually , i think australia is slightly smaller than the us * once you remove alaska * . 
  the difference is significant when you count alaska . 
  haha yeah i wondered that myself , so i looked up the [ original manuscript ] ( http://javanese.imslp.info/files/imglnks/usimg/0/07/imslp51037-pmlp01458-op.27-2_manuscript.pdf ) . 
  it 's fairly clear that the commonly performed version ( with a d-sharp in that bar , and d-natural the following bar ) is the correct one . 
  yeah honestly . 
  i feel like there probably is n't a single person on reddit , and certainly on / r/technology , who would have believed this shit . 
  i get worried that my government would seriously consider backing china if it came to it . 
  i think our historical and cultural ties to america would mean that , at least if it were to happen tomorrow , we 'd probably take your side if any , but over the long term i can definitely see australia trending towards siding with the chinese because of our economic ties . 
  and i hate the idea of that happening , because seriously fuck china and everything about it ( s government ) . 
  you go through immigration every time you enter a country . 
  and good on 'em , i say !, 
  shh , reddit is largely pro-israel . 
  edit : just context , his comment was on -2 when i wrote this out . 
  india belongs to england , does n't it ? 
  by the way , what is the date ? 
  i 've been in a coma since 1940 . 
  to keep out * invading * `` non-chinese '', 
  if they 're being invaded , it 's totally fine . 
  yeah i agree completely . 
  ban all chinese exports . 
  because fuck , we 've already got too many iphones and xboxes and computers and shit . 
  pretty sure he was n't serious . 
  ( i hope . ), 
  like i said , if it happened tomorrow we 'd side with the us . 
  long term , though ( decades or more ) , i can see that potentially changing . 
  a ) what twitter account are you talking about ?
