  `` jack of all trades '' , which bards get , means that if you are making an ability check that you are * not * proficient in , you add half your proficiency . 
  so in this case , if your were forcing a door open with strength ( athletics ) , and you 're * not * proficient , you still add your strength and half of your proficiency score . 
  note that because it works on all ability checks , it even works on ones where it 's impossible to be proficient , like initiative . 
  so you can add your dex mod * and * half your proficiency score to your d20 roll on initiative . 
  hope that helps !, 
  i just found out that apparently we 're not getting phil liggett commentating this year . 
  what the fuck . 
  why is this ? 
  and who do i send my angry messages to . 
  it 's not even about the quality for me . 
  it 's mostly a nostalgia thing . 
  le tour * is * the commentary of phil liggett and that other guy whose name i can never remember . 
  it 's been that way since i was a little kid . 
  having someone else do it just seems * wrong * . 
  do n't even fucking joke about that shit . 
  facebook used to be the best messenger ( for communicating via text with irl friends ) available until they did that shit . 
  thankfully , they have messenger light which gets rid of all that recent crap . 
  unfortunately it also gets rid of chat heads . 
  well i 'm convinced . 
  come on boys , let 's shut this whole thing down . 
  it 's clearly too dangerous to keep using . 
  fuck statuses , that 's bloatware that just makes skype slower to work with . 
  go to facebook or twitter to share what you 're doing . 
  i do n't need social media stuff from a chat application . 
  the rest of those are good points though . 
  especially profile pictures . 
  i once saw another just with a cool picture . 
  to be able to get myself a copy i had to load up the web version of discord , use the chrome dev tools to get the url of the picture , and do a reverse image search on the picture to find a bigger one . 
  thats an awful lot of work to have to go to . 
  uninstall it and get messenger light . 
  apart from missing the chat heads , it 's just so much of a better experience . 
  i thought it was those little bread things in some salads . 
  i 'm an amateur hobbyist photographer . 
  when i go somewhere on holiday , part of the point of the trip is to take nice photos and improve my craft . 
  i hate taking photos of people . 
  they 're always mediocre photos at best . 
  i 'll take a couple for memory 's sake , but that 's it . 
  me too !, 
  but i could never quite manage to learn the tristan und isolde prelude section . 
  how was this done ? 
  4 rounds of auction followed by snake ? 
  if so , f * yeah , first round snake pick !, 
  the bit right before the recapitulation of the main motif is a sort of satire of tristan . 
  i ca n't give you a time code right now because listening to the audio is n't an option , but i can point you to the bar number in the score . 
  it 's available on imslp if you want to follow along . 
  it starts at bar 61 , and reappears repeatedly until bar 78 . 
  if you try and look at the piece as ternary form , where each part is in two ( abcdab , to use lettering ) , the tristan homage is the second part of the trio ( the d section ) . 
  di natale , waters , and ludlum are all great examples of what the greens should be . 
  the nsw greens need to go die in a fire ( politically , that is ) , and hanson-young is n't much better . 
  you 're misunderstanding the problem . 
  it 's one of verisimilitude . 
  theoretically , all this is happening nearly simultaneously . 
  but the game treats it as happening entirely one after the other . 
  if two people are in range at the start and at the end , then logically they should be in range at any intermediate point . 
  because they 're both moving 30 feet in the same direction at the same time . 
  they should always be nearly the same distance from each other . 
  the game mechanics treat it as if one entirely happens before the other because it 's more convenient that way -- and it definitely is more convenient , the trade-off us worth it in my opinion . 
  but it is a sacrifice in verisimilitude for the sake of simple gameplay , and i do n't know of any way to fix that . 
  this has always seemed bizarre to me to be honest . 
  here in aus the abc is all government funded through normal taxation . 
  why have a separate levy for it ? 
  it just makes things more complicated and gives those people a thing to be angry about . 
  honestly i uninstalled the main facebook app a long time ago . 
  do we really need constant access to details about our cousin 's new baby or whatever ? 
  i 'm more than happy to just wait 'til i get to a computer for that . 
  and in the rare instance i really do need it , the web interface is n't half bad . 
  aww so jealous . 
  my cat runs out of the room the moment music starts being played . 
  movement should not have a cost . 
  there 's one in apsley , brisbane , in the location that used to be a lone star , a texan themed restaurant . 
  that 's the one that used to be a lone star , yeah ? 
  for real though , xxxx or vb are the ones you 're more likely to find here . 
  i do n't think they even sell foster 's locally . 
  for sure . 
  we need more waters ( waterses ? 
  ) , ludlums , and di natales , and less hanson-youngs and rhiannons . 
  i meant the location you posted used to have a lone star on it , not that they were the same company . 
   pick them up like you would pick up a hamburger . 
  place fingers underneath with thumbs on top . 
  is n't this the exact opposite of how you hold a hamburger ? 
  lol, 
  also , for me it appears the same regardless of whether it 's lock screen or not . 
  swipe down from the top twice and there it is . 
  mine only has it for external transfers , so i can log in and do things like moving from savings to spending without 2fa . 
  please do n't use this . 
  it bans a whole heap of really useful bots . 
  why are they timsing it by 5 ? 
  ooh , this is a good sign for the dc streaming service . 
  i can only assume they 're being removed from netflix because they 're going to be on it . 
  that might in turn imply that perhaps the whole dcau will be available on it . 
  oh lol , of course . 
  i did read the title , but by the time i got this far down the comments i had completely forgotten it . 
  that 's embarrassing . 
  as has been explained many times in all the previous threads on this topic , movement should not have a cost , for both gameplay balance/fun and flavour realism reasons . 
  also using static pluses and minuses onto a standard d20 initiative roll would be a vastly superior option . 
  10 % of people do not vote for joke candidates when they 're happy with the real one . 
  i 'd love a fantasia-esque version of the ainulindal\u00eb . 
  i would suggest it has more to do with the impotence of armour all throughout hollywood than it is to do with any creative choice . 
  you 're planning a mod for a game that might not be out for another 2 + years ? 
  are there any official depictions of some of our favourite fortresses from the lord of the rings ?
