  rey 's theme was really nice too , and had interesting connections musically to the force theme , which was a fantastic bit of writing . 
  willing to expand on the music points if anyone 's interested , but i 'll leave it there for now . 
  i 'm really excited to see how the character of ren develops . 
  i want to know more about how he got to where he is now , and whether he can be redeemed . 
  i want to know why he took on vader as inspiration . 
  he must know that ultimately anakin became good at the end , right ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  and how did he get that mask ? 
  he 's by far the most interesting villain in the franchise so far . 
  the use of lightsabers was amazing . 
  the fights were nowhere near as good as in the prequels -- in fact i would go so far as to say they were * bad * -- but that 's a * good thing * . 
  the characters we 've seen fighting thus far have not been anywhere near as experienced as the jedi masters and sith lords of the prequels , so their poor fighting skills make sense . 
  i hope that they get better as the series progresses , though . 
  i especially liked that they made it clear from when finn used the saber that he 's really not cut out for it ; he 's not force sensitive in any serious way . 
  contrasts with rey who appears to be even stronger with the force than anakin was , and he was the strongest ever seen to that point . 
  now she just needs to learn to control it more , and get better with a lightsaber . 
  i hope by episode 9 we 're seeing fights much more similar to the prequels . 
  speaking of rey , holy shit she is an amazing character . 
  massive props to the actor for pulling it off so well . 
  i * so * want to know more about her . 
  who were her parents ? 
  why did they leave , and why could n't they return ? 
  why is it that she is so incredibly powerful with the force ? 
  i 'm kinda hoping that she 's a descendant of someone we already know . 
  maybe qui gon or obi wan . 
  but i 'm not sure . 
  i think it would be difficult for them to pull off it being han and leia , or luke and someone , though . 
  if they do it well , it could work great , but i think that 's * exceedingly * difficult to pull of convincingly , so i kinda hope they do n't do that . 
  chewie and han were amazing . 
  i was never a huge fan of chewie in the original trilogy ( blasphemy , i know ) , but in this he was amazing . 
  such a strong personality , and provided some hilarious moments . 
  han with the crossbow thing was hilarious , too . 
  i also loved the subtle nod towards the idea that han was force sensitive , particularly when he shot that stormtrooper behind his back without looking . 
  awesome moment . 
  right before the incident on the bridge , there were a lot of people in the audience behind me whispering . 
  i could n't make out what they were saying , but in hindsight it was obvious that they had seen spoilers and were discussing it . 
  that scene was really really well executed in general , though . 
  the final scene was fantastic . 
  so glad they did n't go the evil luke route . 
  those theories never made sense to me . 
  if episode 6 had ended the way it was originally going to , that might have made sense , but it did n't . 
  it ended with a happy party and all was good . 
  so luke having done what yoda did at the end of episode 3 , and gone into exile , makes way more sense . 
  my biggest negatives : a lot of it felt like watching episode 4 again . 
  even reading the title crawl , a part of me was like `` did i stumble into a remake of episode 4 here ? '', 
  then with luke having gone into exile just like yoda , our main hero being from a desert planet ( i actually thought it was tatooine until they first said its name like 15 minutes into the film , i was like `` i do n't remember any battles of very tatooine '' when we saw the downed star destroyer -- and incidentally that was amazing , as was the destroyed at-at ) , the main bad guys feeling and * looking * a lot like the empire , it was hard not to see the parallels . 
  another problem was that they did n't explain the set up nearly well enough . 
  i was expecting the bad guys in this to be operating behind the scenes . 
  the previous movie ended with evil seemingly eradicated . 
  the fact that they 're essentially in charge like the empire was in the original trilogy felt unearned . 
  if we do n't get more political backstory over the coming films i will be * very * disappointed . 
  how did the first order come to power , what happened with the new republic that caused it to apparently be so weakened ? 
  what sentiments caused the first order to come about in the first place , and the rebellion to start up again ? 
  i need answers !, 
  lingering minor questions : is gwendolin christie 's character still alive ? 
  the last time we saw her was when she was captured by the heroes , and they never said what they did with her . 
  i assume they would n't have killed her , but she just disappeared from the plot entirely . 
  same question with the little character with the funny glasses . 
  the one that gave rey the lightsaber . 
  i hope she is n't dead , i liked her . 
  but she just disappeared from the plot without any real explanation . 
  also , why were the colours inverted ? 
  the first order 's ships shoot green lasers , and the rebellion 's now shoot red . 
  why ? 
  i thought general hux was terrible . 
  just not the right actor for the part . 
  in some ways he felt like a discount benedict cumberbatch , and i have to wonder whether perhaps the role was * written * for cumberbatch , who probably could have pulled it off better . 
  i 'm so glad to hear brady bring that up , because i 've really not heard many people bring that point up , but it was such an incongruity for me . 
  his whole character just fell flat . 
  regarding the kessel run thing , i agree mostly with grey , but with a slight twist . 
  there are obviously the two competing theories ( well , two from the watsonian point of view , there 's also the obvious doylist interpretation of `` george lucas was bullshitting when he wrote that line '' ) of the black holes and the shorter distance , and something about bullshitting . 
  but to me , it 's not that he was bullshitting in order to * test * them , so much as just to big himself up . 
  he just wanted to say something that sounded cool . 
  but i agree , i was disappointed that the black hole shorter distance theory is now canon . 
  it does n't match with obi wan 's smirk at han 's comment , and it feels just too weird to me . 
  ah well . 
  but all in all i thought it was fantastic . 
  abrams is clearly a bigger fan of star wars than star trek , and it really shows in this film . 
  i actually really do n't like the new trek films . 
  they 're too science action and not enough science fiction like my memories of watching the next generation on tv . 
  but star wars perfectly fits the style abrams is going for since it * is n't * and was never * meant * to be science fiction . 
  really looking forward to episode 8 , and somewhat looking forward to the anthology films . 
  mainly because getting up that early twice in a row is insane . 
  if you want anything homebrewed , the first place to look is / r/unearthedarcana . 
  there is * a lot * of fantastic stuff on there . 
  [ here 's one fantastic undead homebrewed race ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unearthedarcana/comments/3xrbs9/awakened_undead_race_v03_final_playable_skeletons/ ) , with a simple base race plus subraces that let you choose to be a skeleton , ghost , or revenant . 
  alternatively , if vampires are more your thing , [ vrylokas ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unearthedarcana/comments/3tp1bm/vryloka_race_v5_final/ ) are an incredible race with some incredibly interesting lore around them . 
  he did n't use it in the bbc production of hamlet by any chance , did he ? 
  i believe that was the royal shakespeare company , just like the stage version described in the article . 
  it 's a fantastic film , by the way , for anyone interested . 
  a brilliant production of one of shakespeare 's greatest works . 
  oh god . 
  i know people who hate the prequels hold those `` reviews '' as some sort of holy gospel or something , but frankly they are fuck awful . 
  they 're just painful to watch , and they might bring up a few good points here and there , but it 's surrounded with unrelated cruft , * bad * points , and poorly argued good points that they 're just unwatchable if you actually come into it with even an ounce of skepticism . 
  i definitely do n't agree with the above poster that the prequels were more enjoyable than the originals . 
  at best , the prequels are bland . 
  but rlm makes so many stupid points for reasons , and so do most of the detractors of the prequels . 
  i get the desire to justify why you did n't enjoy something , but the reasons people use with the prequels -- bullshit like complaining about midichlorians , cgi yoda , or the concentration on politics -- all of that 's just * missing the mark * . 
  the problem with the prequels is dialogue , acting , and casting . 
  people need to stop looking for other problems with it just so they can have a bigger list or make hour long `` reviews '' .
