  it 's really a brilliant case study in exposition of a threat . 
   and the vampire template from the dmg, 
  no do n't use that . 
  the vampire template in the mm is terrible . 
  way overpowered for player characters . 
  it 's clearly meant to be a temporary curse that the player works towards removing , or * maaaybe * something given at a really high level . 
  for this sort of thing to work , op needs to come up with a homebrew vampire class like that of heroes of shadow . 
  edit : it 's from the mm , not the dmg, 
  i do n't think a camera is going to be killing too many people . 
  maybe if you hit them really hard , i guess ? 
  some lenses get pretty large . 
  yeah i know . 
  ( though only because i googled it first . ), 
  i just thought it was funny . 
  not exactly . 
  the speed at which light travells is constant . 
  however , on a macroscopic scale it * appears * to slow down in a medium because it 's ( to simplify it quite dramatically ) bouncing off all the particles in that medium , meaning it does n't actually quite take a direct route . 
  since we 're sharing links , dndgreentext is great . 
  i 'd recommend starting by going through the stories in [ the hall of fame ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dndgreentext/wiki/hof ) for the best of the best . 
  so , do they cross once per stage , or once per tour ( i.e. , one time out of all 21 days of the event each year ) ? 
  why is there a teaser for season 2 here already ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , arrow ( and therefore i 'm assuming the flash , too ) air like 8 months after it does in america . 
  it 's not pedantry , it 's actually rather important . 
  inter-group conflict is basically the exact opposite of intra-group conflict . 
  when i read the title , my first thought was that op was involved in a game where two groups share a universe , and perhaps a dm , and they had come into conflict with each other in their shared world . 
  umm , that 's not how free speech works . 
  you 're entitled to say what you want , and other people are too . 
  that includes upvoting or downvoting you if they want . 
  your free speech is not being impacted by anyone else who disagrees with what you say . 
   good luck convincing someone to ride their bike that far , that quickly , only to voluntarily take last place, 
  probably would n't be too hard , actually . 
  it 's already the norm in cycling for domestiques to deliberately sacrifice their own performance for the sake of the team leader . 
  this would be slightly different , in that the domestique would be someone good enough to otherwise win , but i think it could still happen . 
  yeah , creators get no money from people who block ads . 
  it 's a big part of the reason i do n't use an adblocker personally , because i want the creators to get money . 
  for what it 's worth , you can see the options creators have for ads [ here ] ( https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2467968?hl=en ) . 
  they can tick any of these on or off . 
  though i think the `` unskippable ads '' option might only be available to those hand-picked by youtube to have the option . 
  i 've only got the first 3 available to me on my channel . 
  oddly , there 's nothing there about the ads longer than 30 seconds which are also unskippable , of which i 've been seeing a fair few recently . 
  unfortunately this is wrong , and it 's this kind of mentality that 's driving companies to make ads that are worse and worse . 
  because more and more people are choosing to block ads on sites that they visit , with no regard for the ability of those sites to maintain revenue , sites are having to do things to make those ads more valuable from the people that continue to support them . 
  yeah , whenever i 'm expecting to need to be on battery power for longer than like 3 hours , i always switch browsing to safari . 
  it 's a horrible browser to use , but it 's so much kinder on my battery : can easily get double the life out of it . 
  i 've never once had a page use those on forms . 
  god i wish they did , that would be so convenient . 
  i ca n't count how many times i 've typed a long reddit comment or something , only to accidentally close the tab and lose it all . 
  more sites need to detect if forms have been partially filled and stop users * accidentally * closing their tabs . 
  instead , i * frequently * get sites stopping me closing them when the site itself was a pop up that i never wanted open . 
  * those * need to die in a fire . 
  yeah , if i were in america , calling myself a `` liberal '' would probably be putting it mildly , and yet `` socialist '' has such incredibly strong negative connotations over there . 
  on the other hand , here in australia , `` liberal '' is basically synonymous with `` right wing '' , so that term is right out . 
  i basically said john would remain silent in all scenarios except where he has `` everything '' to gain , `` full access '' , and the theory is `` false '' . 
  i 'm assuming that by `` nothing to gain '' that means literally nothing , not even indirectly , so he 's got no reason * at all * , not even `` being a good person '' to reveal something if it 's false . 
  he 's not going to speak up if he does n't have access to disprove it , because how would he ? 
  with keith , if he has no access or nothing to gain , then i put 50 every time . 
  seems obvious , at least if we assume keith uses the same logic i did with john above . 
  if he 's not going to say anything in either case , it does n't matter . 
  it 's only when keith has both full access and everything to gain that he * would * say something regarding the theory . 
  so * only * in that scenario does him * not * saying something carry any definitive meaning : that the theory * is * true . 
  of course , this is all assuming that everyone is using full logical reasoning , and that john , keith , and the person john was talking to in the second scenario ( the person who * mentioned * keith ) are being honest . 
  i made those assumptions because it seemed like the survey wanted us to . 
  in particular , it did n't seem like the survey would have made much sense if we did n't have that set of assumptions . 
  definitely !, 
  i 'd love to try it some time . 
  you 'd really need the right group for it though , it could be problematic if the personalities do n't gel . 
  what are those percentages ? 
  is it the percentage of the total overstayers from each country , or the percentage of people with visas from each of those countries who overstays ? 
  or something else entirely ? 
  whether the law technically applies in nsw or not , i have no idea . 
  but * if * it technically does , the cop probably just figured it was n't worth his time to enforce it . 
  something tells me that if you 're white and sound like you 're american , they 're probably not going to care too much . 
  so where do doonas fit into this ? 
  based on the name similarity , i 've assumed that it 's the same thing as a duvet -- just way less posh sounding -- since the first time i heard the word duvet , but now i 'm rethinking things . 
  what 's special about 4th september ? 
  it 's not like `` may the fourth '' which has a name that vaguely resembles a quote from the movie , and it 's not like 25th may ( or `` geek pride day '' ) , which celebrates the release of the first star wars movie ( in addition to also being towel day for hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy ) . 
  it 's not the release of the movie . 
  heck , it 's not even * close * . 
  the movie does n't come out until december . 
  so why the 4th ? 
  i 'm on the beta channel , so running 45 at the moment . 
  but i look forward to when 46 rolls out . 
  their equivalent of incognito mode does n't behave properly -- it does n't maintain logged in state while its open . 
  this makes it difficult to use how i use incognito mode , which is to use a different account on sites like reddit or google services without needing to log out of my primary account . 
  i 've also heard many web developers say it 's the new ie in terms of not being standards compliant , though i 've never done anything advanced enough in web development to need to worry about that . 
  that said , most of my problems are just from how * i * use the browser . 
  no syncing with chrome on my windows desktop or android phone . 
  ca n't `` okay google '' from the new tab page or from google.com ( . * ) . 
  and i 'm just generally not a fan of its interface . 
  i 'm not sure i like the idea of this method being * mandated * all the time , but i have definitely considered doing it for a character once to see how it goes . 
  roll randomly for race , too . 
  [ ( i made up this table using the officially released races from 5e . 
  ) ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1m38-n7l1a5xtmzar_qppfen0dtiycib_1ywkxo6j6bi/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  the trick is to take your random 6 stats and race , and then * pick * which class you play to find something that fits the stat . 
  get good dex and cha ? 
  probably a monk or a dex fighter or something . 
  it could be really interesting , and get players to play a type of character that they normally would n't . 
   how long were jews in egypt before they became slaves ? 
  try not at all , because there 's little-to-no historical evidence that the hebrews were ever slaves in egypt . 
  even better would be if he actually edited the article , and then linked specifically to that revision of it .
