  but also if someone does n't switch , ask someone to . 
  it 's entirely possible that nobody on the other team has noticed . 
  yeah i know . 
  i came across it by accident through google , searching for a problem with the praw oauth library . 
  yeah i thought so , thanks . 
  not really . 
  i do n't keep up very much with recent releases . 
  do n't starve together only came out officially a month or so ago , and it 's a blast to play with friends . 
  but it 's been out in early access for ages , so it 's not exactly `` recently added '' . 
  wait , people actually * like * modrons ? 
  kidding , kidding . 
  more seriously , that 's a * very * long quote . 
  are you sure it needs to be that long ? 
  otherwise , i really like the flavour text . 
  it got me really interested in this race that i know basically nothing about . 
  i particularly liked `` logical and literal '' , which reminded me a lot of how i tend to think of shardminds . 
  for the mechanics , i wonder why your size specification does n't fit with the size of the flavour text , at exactly 6 feet , 200 pounds . 
  i 'd rate the base race +3.5 , though natural armour is an interesting ability here , since the moment they put on any sort of armour , somehow it goes from being con based to being dex based . 
  monodrones are about +2.0 , resulting in +5.5 , not bad . 
  duodrones are about +2.5 , resulting in +6.0 . 
  quadrones have a fantasticly interesting flight ability . 
  it 'll sate even those morons who claim aarakokra are gamebreaking , while still providing some interesting gameplay options for players . 
  still , i 'd say if i 'm being * generous * it 's worth +1.0 , making quadrones +2.0 , but quite possibly more like +1.5 . 
  it does seem a little odd that quadrones would be the weakest option , since in lore they should be the most advanced . 
  i feel like they need another minor feature to make them worthwhile . 
  i like the background a lot . 
  the feature is absolutely fantastic and i can easily see it playing out in interesting ways . 
  i do n't know that i would recommend all other new races come with them , but i 'd say it 's something that one should always at least consider when creating a race . 
  in many cases it wo n't be appropriate , but it probably will be often enough to at least consider it . 
  edit : what does the '' { wh } '' in the title refer to ? 
  hey sorry , but i 've removed this . 
  we require submissions be complete homebrew material . 
  however , because of how reddit works , you can continue to have the conversation in here , it 's just that nobody will be able to stumble across it by accident . 
  / u/stolksdorf is the creator of homebrewery , so i 've just pinged him for you . 
  hopefully he , or / u/lynesth who has already seen the thread , can provide you with the support you need . 
  bill posters is innocent !, 
  exactly . 
  people do n't ( generally ) do things * in the name of atheism * . 
  it 's kind of an absurd idea . 
  nobody forms an organisation on the grounds of how much they hate golf . 
  nevertheless , people who hate golf do sometimes get in organisations that do things not related to golf . 
  oh great , * just now * channel 9 finally shows that play from the dropout at the end . 
   simmons and emanuele ( 2004 ) found that people brought up in a religious household, 
  gave higher amounts . 
  while this result is difficult to interpret as a socialisation effect, 
  because the analysis did not contain a measure of current religiosity , a study including, 
  such a measure and a variety of other controls did provide evidence for a religious, 
  socialisation effect ( bekkers , 2005a ) . 
   the effect of religious socialisation does not extend to all types of giving . 
  et al ( 1998 ) found that the importance of religion in one 's family of youth was not, 
  positively related to donating to organisations that help the poor and the needy once, 
  current church attendance and importance of religious faith were controlled . 
  and yang ( 1994 ) found that having attended religious sunday school was associated, 
  with higher religious giving among catholics , but not among protestants . 
  in more, 
  extensive regression models , the relationship was found to disappear once salience of, 
  religion , private religious practices and current church attendance were included . 
  this, 
  result suggests that religious socialisation influences current religious giving through, 
  current religiosity . 
  in their study among presbyterians , lunn et al ( 2001 ) found that, 
  the frequency of parents ' church attendance when the respondent was a teenager, 
  was positively related to religious giving in a regression analysis including personal, 
  and spousal religious affiliation , personal church attendance and theological beliefs . 
  parental church attendance was not related to non-religious giving . 
  using data from, 
  the 1974 national survey of philanthropy , a representative sample of us citizens ,, 
  schiff ( 1990 ) comes to a similar conclusion . 
  that 's from `` who gives ? 
  a literature review of predictors of charitable giving part one : religion , education , age and, 
  socialisation '' by ren\u00e9 bekkers and pamala wiepking . 
  as you say , there is a huge amount of literature out there , so a literature review is probably the best place to look for a summary of the state of the field . 
  i am deliberately refraining from commenting on the actual content of it , because i personally do n't want to get involved in the debate . 
  i do n't think the issue is particularly relevant really . 
  you can still tax the organisation itself but not its charitable efforts , exactly the same as you would anyone else . 
  brilliant . 
  french is the same , feminine words ( generally ) end in e , masculine words do n't . 
  but that 's not really their point , i do n't think . 
  they were referring more to how the fact of which words are masculine and which are feminine is rather arbitrary . 
  one of my favourites facts is that different languages assign different genders to objects . 
  bridge in spanish is `` el puente '' , masculine . 
  in german , it 's `` die br\u00fccke '' , feminine . 
  at least one study has shown that this can actually have an effect on how people think about the object . 
  ask a spanish speaker to describe a bridge , and they 're likely to use words like strong , sturdy , and towering while german speakers will describe it as elegant and beautiful . 
  the subreddit took things way overboard , it 's not as bad as they claim . 
  but it is still bad . 
  i 'm in the midst of my first full dcau watchthrough . 
  finished season 3 of batman : the animated series ( the last season before it switches to being titled batman & robin ) very recently . 
  can confirm , they play the batman as detective angle * really * well in that show . 
  they also do a really good superman in that universe . 
  makes me really sad about how terrible the portrayal of supes in man of steel and bvs was . 
  that could actually be an interesting story . 
  at least the alfred in the dcau , and the alfred in gotham , both have hints of a really interesting backstory that was never fully explored . 
  oh shit i forgot constantine was this season !, 
  that was fucking awesome !, 
  i actually think the first half of the season was really good . 
  there was the romance stuff , sure , but they were n't constantly arguing and full of drama . 
  it was really only in the second half of the season that everything went to shit . 
  part of me would love that , but part of me would be worried that the show would lose the awesome darkness that the original show had if the cw was to show it . 
  windows 10 is great , and personally i would recommend everyone upgrade to it if they can .
