  it 's not impossible , but what you 've presented us with here is not a very good start . 
  to be quite frank , a race is fundamentally unable to encompass everything that makes a vampire , a vampire . 
  you need the weaknesses to light , water , religious symbols , etc. , you need the blood drinking , the charming , the shapechanging . 
  it 's too much for a full race , which by necessity must be less feature packed than a full race , to provide , since it has to balance along with the base race 's features . 
  not to mention , the zendikar vampire is incredibly unimpressive . 
  [ this vryloka race ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/vydfopkag ) works much better , in my opinion . 
  while vrylokas are not * exactly * the same thing as vampires , they 're similar enough that the mechanics should n't need any tweaking , and even the flavour only needs a couple of changes here and there . 
  it 's still not great , because it has to work within the restrictions that working with a race to provide a vampiric flavour imposes , but it does a better job than the team of card game makers came up with . 
  a prestige class ( edit : like the_singular_anyone come up with ) fits it best , but i think in theory a full class * could * be made to work , though op here has not achieved that . 
  please report things when they break rules , including not being flaired correctly . 
  it helps us get to them quicker . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` subclass '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` resource '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  to your general advice , i have nothing to say but `` hear , hear '' . 
  to your specific example of a dragon , i would say that while your example is * okay * , i think [ this one ] ( / r/unearthedarcana/comments / 61f3lh/newborn _ dragon_player_race_feedback_welcome / ) , which is fully homebrewed , does a much better job of encompasing the flavour of a * really * young dragon , while also possibly being * more * well-balanced . 
  many people have , after all , criticised the winged tiefling for being op . 
  my general feeling is that where it 's possible , small tweaks should be used rather than full homebrews , but i also think that people should not be * too * afraid of homebrewing something up , because it can do a far better job of getting the right flavour and mechanics in a great many cases . 
  and i think the baby dragon is one such example . 
  your centaur is bloody perfect though . 
  fuck that 's awesome . 
  shame it 's not a swept hilt , though . 
  really ? 
  you think more people are familiar with jupiter than zeus , or pluto than hades ? 
  vulcan or mercury over hephaestus or hermes ? 
  i definitely do n't think so . 
   it became so successful because of the ogl and 3aboos who refused to change systems because they were retarded and were n't willing to change over to a system that was vastly superior in basically every way at the actual table . 
  the only way that 3e was better was in doing autistic world simulations . 
  definitely not the way i would have phrased it , but i fully agree with the sentiment behind it . 
  i love 5e and i ca n't really imagine playing anything else right now , but if i * had * to , it would be 4e . 
  i 'd rather just not play anything at all than play 3 . x or earlier , but 4e is a great game . 
  it was received poorly because a lot of gamers ( especially the most vocal ones ) are grognards who hate any kind of change , even for the better . 
   5e does it by dropping reflex , willpower , and fortitude , and instead having your saves be tied directly to your ability scores, 
  this is not better . 
  this results in the situation where we have `` strong '' and `` weak '' saving throws , and people are left confused about things like `` what exactly is a charisma save meant to be for ? '', 
  this means the same thing as what the justiciero said . 
  based on the context , no , not seriously . 
  ( but it really is only based on context . 
  i do n't know for sure either way . ), 
  you 're misreading it . 
  as a non-american , seeing americans talk about their social security cards has always confused me a little . 
  so this video was really useful and interesting . 
  in australia we have no national id card , but we also do n't have anything like the social security card which gets used as a de facto id card . 
  we have a `` tax file number '' , but that 's just a number ( no physical manifestation ) , and it really does only get used for taxation purposes . 
  we have a medicare card , but that 's only used for medical stuff , or as one of many options as a secondary identification -- other equally valid options include student id or library cards ( primary identification being things like passports and drivers ' licenses ) . 
  however bad america 's social security number system might be , it has its benefits , at least compared to our system . 
  in australia , if your situation deviates from the norm too much ( such as being an expat returning home for the first time after becoming an adult ) , legitimately identifying yourself can be a massive pain . 
  ca n't get a medicare card without a way to prove residency , the best example of which is a bank statement . 
  ca n't open a bank account without primary * and * secondary id , such as a medicare card . 
  it 's a circular problem that just having a single national id , whether it be de jure or de facto , would solve . 
  no it did n't . 
  at least , not after they removed computerphile from count . 
  i want to mock , but in australia we have literally no proper id system , so everything that requires id needs four different types of id , and it can be hard to get those if you do n't already have them . 
  it 's weird . 
  to be more precise , what you need is one primary type of id , on secondary type , and one from either . 
  then you also need a proof of residence , like a bank statement or utility bill . 
  passport checks off the primary type . 
  birth certificate is also a primary id , but can be problematic because most people do n't carry that around , so while it is possible to obtain , it can make the process more problematic than it otherwise might be . 
  it 's getting a secondary id that 's the biggest problem , though . 
  a medicare card , debit card , or student card are the things most people will have . 
  but if you 're not a student ( or are one , and you 're returning to go to uni , but it does n't start for another four months ) you wo n't have one of those . 
  medicare cards have the same id requirement , and a debit card requires a bank account , which itself will usually require the same id requirement . 
  it is * possible * to shimmy your way into the circle , at which point everything else becomes easy . 
  but i do n't really remember how we ended up doing it for me ( four years ago ) and my sister ( last year ) . 
  only that it was a pain . 
  it 's actually things like effects which remove you from being . 
  banishment , dispel evil or good , etc. 
  a charisma save represents maintaining your force of will as a presence on the world . 
  the problem is that it 's not used consistently , because the guidelines for the difference between charisma and wisdom saving throws is so incredibly vague that there are a bunch of spells in the book that seem like they probably should be charisma , but are n't , probably because wizards wanted to reinforce the ` strong vs. weak saves ' paradigm . 
  a passport is n't something that gets used as a full national id card in the way grey 's video implies ss cards are , or the way some countries have an actual `` national id card '' . 
  i explained it in more detail [ here ] ( / r/cgpgrey/comments / 629bce/social _ security_cards_explained / dfkr4ki / ) . 
  i think those would probably work , but i 'm not sure . 
  my situation was that basically the only documents i had to start with were my passport and birth certificate , since i lived overseas in a country where nearly everything is cash , so no need for a bank card . 
  if you 're thinking of moving , i certainly would n't let fear of this stop you . 
  it 's more difficult than it perhaps should be , but it is possible to get sorted , and it 's not so difficult that it 's a significant factor in your life . 
  more like a week or two of frustration , but that 's kinda to be expected when moving anyway . 
  true , but it has all the same problems , because the requirements to get one are the same as to get your ls ( minus the road rules test , of course ) . 
  they 're good . 
  it 's just a running joke that he puts out far more podcasts than videos these days , so people are jokingly saying he 's a podcaster that also makes videos , rather than the reverse , which is how he 's * really * known . 
  this looks hilarious in my browser . 
  the first character is like a really old school plain black circle with two dots and a curve , and the gun is a neon green pistol with shading and stuff . 
  i honestly would be surprised if there * is n't * some sort of causal relationship in the first one . 
  not that one caused the other necessarily , but that they 're both caused be the same outside effect . 
  nothing is true . 
  i think it should definitely be an all or nothing thing . 
  either bombs , powerups , and boosts * all * get timers , or none of them do . 
  personally , i would prefer none , because keeping track of when they 're going to respawn is currently a skill and an important part of the game . 
  it 's also a sign of good team communication . 
  chrome . 
  saying campaign cartographer has a learning curve is like saying the internet contains a lot of stuff . 
  like , yeah , it 's true , but it 's also * vastly * underselling just how freaking much stuff there is online . 
  out of interest , how did you hear that uq was cancelling classes ? 
  [ there 's an emergency broadcast up now ] ( https://my.uq.edu.au/emergency-broadcast ) , but it was n't there at the time you made your comment . 
  uq had n't sent out the email at the time kozimix commented , either . 
  or possibly the emails were in the process of rolling out . 
  i know i had n't received it , anyway . 
  [ here 's the best one to use ] ( / r/boh5e/comments / 49mnbi/vampire _ prestige_class_by_uthe_singular_anyone / ) . 
  it 's a 5 level prestige class . 
  well balanced , and provides a scaling amount of power depending on how much effort the player is willing to put in to their vampiric powers relative to their other ones . 
  gets the full flavour of what vampires can do , without going overboard on power .
