  and the nbn is , in my opinion , the absolute worst of the liberal party right now . 
  anyone who has even * slightly * looked into it can see labor 's plan is the better choice in a * very objective way * . 
  sure it costs a little more upfront ( and it is only a little ) , but it 's enormously better , has lower maintenance costs , and wo n't need to be upgraded again in the near future . 
  i believe that seatbelt laws are not only for the safety of the person wearing them , but also to , in the event of an accident , make it easier for rescue teams to get them . 
  seatbelts keep you in an upright and untangled position and in a definite location . 
  if you did n't have one , you could go anywhere and be more difficult to move . 
  it is n't necessarily only for your safety , but the safety of others . 
  this is only slightly related , but regarding the disputed islands , i 'd argue japan is more at fault here . 
  japan also has disputed islands with [ korea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liancourt_rocks ) and [ russia ] ( http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2013/07/29/316135/japan-snubs-russia-on-joint-project-bid/ ) , and has a history of trying to claim land it has no practical claim to . 
  huh , you got lucky i guess . 
  my mac gives the error above , and when i try it on my pc running windows , i almost invariably get a message telling me i ca n't connect to offline mode because i have no internet connection . 
  honestly , i have n't tried much to fix it at all , mainly because if you google the problem all the comes up is generic responses about how bad steam offline mode is , and nothing that actually seems to address the issue ( apart from obvious things like having the `` do not remember credentials '' button unchecked ) . 
  i agree , but why the square brackets ? 
  i 'd propose using nested layers alternating between standard brackets and square ones , to further reduce ambiguity . 
  hmm , it 's just that i 've seen a fair bit of discussion on the order of the third season , and some people said you should watch them in the production code order . 
  problem is production code seems to make some episodes line up better , but others seem to be worse . 
  ( one notable example is remedial chaos theory , aired s03e04 , opens with a shot of their door number , room 303 . 
  its production code was 303 . ), 
  and then i noticed that production code does n't match with aired order in season 1 or 2 either , though there are n't any issues with story arcs that i noticed . 
  well , it 's certainly ... something . 
  we have the same law here in australia , and it is posted up quite clearly at airports . 
  it 's always presented in the context of preventing child sex trafficking , which may be legal or unenforced in the country they are in , but is highly immoral and probably broke a few laws to get them there . 
  haha sorry , typing with android 's swype-like gesture typing ... will edit it . 
  i dunno , looks like pevis to me . 
  as in pelvis without the l. 
  same in australia . 
  i can withdraw without charge from my bank as well as one other bank ( that i assume is either a subsidiary of or has a cross-withdrawing deal with my bank ) , but outside of those two banks there 's some sort of fee . 
  no idea how much it is , i 've never done it . 
  but ... talking to people ... 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  that sounds so useful . 
  [ agreed ] ( http://youtu.be/k6p3xlcnsjc?t=3s ), 
  no way , vote [ 1 ] thor !, 
  it 's the wrong colour , but it is incredibly awesome . 
  great work by the creator . 
  in case anyone is interested in a tl ; dr of their policies :, 
  education :, 
  teach religion in the context of history and literature , not as religious indoctrination . 
  more academic control over course and research funding , course design , and hiring, 
  make government-funded research available to the public ( without a paywall ), 
  reduce hecs fees by 25 %, 
  patents and copyright :, 
  reduce patent terms to 5 years, 
  increase cost of obtaining software patents and remove function-based software patents ( patents on the end result of the software ) . 
  require the patent to be in use in order to litigate on it, 
  further `` fair use '' exceptions to copyright, 
  internet :, 
  oppose censorship, 
  fund law enforcement to remove illegal content and prosecute its producers , rather than filter the users ' internet, 
  support fibre to the premises nbn, 
  bill of rights :, 
  create an australian bill of rights to protect basic human rights and freedoms in australia . 
  include :, 
  * right to end your own life should you explicitly and when in your right-mind choose to do so . 
  * freedom of speech and communication to express your beliefs, 
  * * does not include right to be heard ( such as forcing people to listen to you ), 
  * * no right to not be offended by free expression of others, 
  * * freedom of speech excludes : direct threats , intentional false statements ( such as false advertising ) , and direct attempts to incite the use of force against another person, 
  * right to not incriminate yourself ( right to remain silent ), 
  * privacy for your home , no illegal search and seizure without warrant, 
  tax :, 
  tax-free threshold for micro-businesses, 
  increase tax-free income threshold to the level of the poverty line, 
  close loopholes for high earners, 
  remove religious exemptions ( `` supernatural beliefs should be irrelevant for taxpayers in a secular society '' ), 
  drugs :, 
  legalise non-addictive substances with reversible impacts , including marijuana . 
  tax legal drugs and regulate their sale . 
  partially decriminalise all other drugs, 
  * small supplies for personal use would result in confiscation of the drug and potentially imposed treatment , but no criminal charges, 
  * larger supplies for commercial sale would result in prosecution, 
  ** cons : **, 
  marriage :, 
  they support removing the government from marriages altogether , replacing the marriage act with a civil unions act which would offer equal treatment to same-sex couples . 
  i think this is a massive improvement on the status-quo of marriage being heterosexual only , but is a step down from other parties which support amending the marriage act to include same-sex marriage . 
  it has all the same benefits in terms of equality , but removing marriage like that just does n't feel right to me . 
  ( i know some people will even prefer this , though . ), 
  environment :, 
  their policies seem extremely convoluted and far too lofty to me . 
  incredibly inefficient . 
  it 's funny that we would talk about decentralised living in a thread about the environmental impacts of power . 
  the problem with this sort of living is it increases the amount of transportation that 's required for things such as going to the shops , sending your kids to school , and going to work -- being able to work from home is definitely the way we should go forward to some extent , but there are many reasons that it ca n't completely happen . 
  just some food for thought on the issue , i do n't really have a stance either way . 
  hey mr ludlum , i absolutely loved watching you grill senator conroy over the privacy/censorship issue a while back , and i 'm a bit upset you 're not from my state so i could be voting for you !, 
  i actually plan to vote [ 1 ] pirate party , and one of my main reasons for that is their policies on copyright and patents ( detailed below ) . 
  what are the greens policies in this area -- particularly regarding the patents , i noticed your original post has something vague regarding fair use -- and might they be persuaded to adopt some of the pp 's policies ? 
  ( still going to be voting [ 1 ] green in the reps , and preferencing greens ahead of labor in the senate , though ! ) . 
  thanks so much for doing another ama . 
  your last one was incredible , i hope this one is just as good !, 
   reduce patent terms to 5 years, 
   increase cost of obtaining software patents and remove function-based software patents ( patents on the end result of the software ) . 
   require the patent to be in use in order to litigate on it, 
   further `` fair use '' exceptions to copyright, 
   what the wikileaks party have done is absolutely terrible, 
  ftfy . 
  seriously , their preference deals are awful . 
  completely against what the wikileaks party should stand for : openness and freely available information . 
  ( contrast with how the pirate party did their preference deals . ), 
  that 's not their policies , it 's a summary i made of them for my own use .
