  using the .1 as the guideline is n't a good way to go about it . 
  after all , mavericks is an increase of .1 from mountain lion . 
  windows 8.1 is indeed just a service pack ( or a ` feature pack ' , if you will ) on windows 8 , but using the advertised version numbers is n't a good way to prove that . 
  ( using the actual version numbers , where windows 8 is actually version 6.3 , windows 8.1 is something like 6.3.9600 , which i suppose looks more like a minor upgrade . 
  it 's still not a great way to go about demonstrating the point , though . ), 
  that 's only an argument * in favour * of what he was saying . 
  his point about the $ 600 dell was that it 's cheaper and is able to do what you need . 
  if a $ 600 dell can do * more * than what most businesses need , that only makes his overall point stronger . 
  and , you know , 90 % of computer users . 
  it really is awesome , but personally i 've found that in some instances when i 'm looking for files , it 's better to turn to spotlight . 
  not from the search button in the top right of the os , but in a finder window . 
  alfred 's great for application launching , quick maths ( it 'll do basic calculations ) , quick dictionary references and a host of other things , but its search features are spotty . 
  alfred 's calculator is much more powerful ( you can do trigonometry etc. 
  ) , and it has a bunch of handy commands . 
  for example , * most * of the time it will find the right file when you 're searching for something , and you can use commands like `` find '' and `` open '' to do different things . 
  open would open the file itself , while find opens the containing folder . 
  searching for apps can use fuzzy logic to work out what you mean even if you do n't type in the name exactly . 
  the example they give is `` gc '' finds google chrome . 
  you can set custom web searches in the same way you might in chrome , but with the advantage of a quick keyboard shortcut from anywhere in the os to get there . 
  for example , if i want to search youtube , all i have to do -- no matter what app i 'm in -- is press command-space , type ` yt [ search query ] ' , and it 'll search youtube for [ search query ] . 
  it also has a handful of system commands , like `` emptytrash '' to empty os x 's trash , or lock , restart , and shutdown to do exactly what you 'd expect . 
  plus the powerpack ( paid ) has some cool features , like enabling terminal commands , directly emailing ( from either your default mail app or gmail ) contacts , controlling itunes , a clipboard manager ( copy multiple text snippets ) , and 1password integration if you use that . 
    basic calculations, 
    you can do trigonometry, 
  haha yeah , sorry i was n't very clear . 
  it does basic calculations just by typing them in , and slightly more advanced ones by adding the '' = '' operator in front . 
  one other minor difference is that if you press enter on any calculation , it 'll copy that result to the clipboard , which is also really handy in most situations where you would want to be doing the calculation . 
  huh , til . 
  i never noticed the fuzzy logic in spotlight . 
  yeah , the system commands are hardly difficult in the os itself , but i find for the trash in particular it just seems much quicker and more natural to do it by typing in a command most of the time . 
  itunes control is n't just pause/play , you can type in what songs you want it to play etc. 
  i 'll admit i have this turned off , because it does n't work all that well with classical music and the way that sort of music is named , but most of my ` songs ' in itunes were named more like most popular music , it would be much more useful . 
  yeah , if the only part you find useful is the clipboard manager , it 's definitely not worth it . 
  personally , it 's all the little things that it does just a bit better than spotlight that add up to be well worth getting . 
  you 're in bonner , i 'm guessing ? 
  represented by ross vasta ? 
  ca n't say i 've ever really heard of him before , what 's he like ? 
  i 'd like to reiterate what / u/dkbuzy said . 
  a lot of liberals have been pointing out that they have a ` mandate ' to make the change because people voted for them based on this policy . 
  make sure to point out that ( a ) their policies were n't emphasised very strongly during the campaign , and ( b ) many people voted for the liberals based on other policies , and a huge number of lnp supporters have spoken out against their nbn policy . 
  you state that widespread adoption of bitcoin would be a disaster , and you make the assumption that case 3 is the most likely . 
  i would argue that these two are -- not mutually exclusive , but close to it -- unlikely to happen together . 
  if it is adopted in a wide way , then demand for it will continue to increase , which puts inflationary pressure on the currency . 
  if people find that it 's deflationary , and therefore they can literally make money just be holding bitcoin , what will happen ? 
  more people will buy bitcoin , increasing demand for it , and reversing the deflationary effects . 
  the risk of deflation with bitcoin mainly exists if it * does n't * catch on in a large way , because if it 's popular , the market will be able to correct itself quite nicely . 
  i should mention here for context , i 'm not a libertarian or an ancap -- the groups which so often tout the advantages of the free market , and in particular bitcoin -- in fact , i 'm quite staunchly left-wing on economics . 
  even so , i recognise that the power of market forces in very great , and in * some * cases does a good job of regulating itself . 
  this is one of those cases . 
   i would rather pay more for consuming day to day necessities like petrol than on luxuries like electronic items . 
  am i misreading that ? 
  it sounds like you 're saying you 'd rather * necessities * cost more , rather than luxuries . 
  since you 're mentioning free trade and tariffs , yes , in some cases it can be beneficial for a country to impose tariffs . 
  for example , to protect a burgeoning manufacturing industry and allow it to grow to the point that it 's able to compete with foreign ones ( at which point you remove the tariffs ) . 
  increases in demand like that cause inflation , specifically * because * of the limited supply . 
  see [ demand-pull inflation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demand-pull_inflation ) . 
  what , you do n't pronounce iirc as erk ? 
   i know , it 's an appeal to authority, 
  actually , no , it 's not . 
  an appeal to authority would be if you claimed that because obama said that it 's true , it must be . 
  it 's only an appeal to authority fallacy when the person does n't have a reason to be trusted as an authority in the relevant area . 
  but i concede that point . 
  i 'd award a delta , but you ca n't give it to the op . 
  if you like gnossienne no . 
  2 , it 's worth also looking at gnossiennes [ no . 
  1 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ootpqpohhaw ) and [ no . 
  2 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8356fxut20 ), 
  you might want to check out [ this list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/classicalresources/comments/13g764/themes_saddark/ ) from / r/classicalresources . 
  in particular , i noticed [ schubert - piano sonata no. 20 in a major , mvt . 
  2 ( andantino ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=il6-lzydpqy ) . 
  as / u/gibbelton said , his two suites are fairly well known . 
  i would probably go so far as to say they are one of the most well-known pieces of repertoire for concert band today . 
  [ suite no. 2 in f major ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nz7tvrdl94 ), 
  eh , i do n't agree . 
  they both have three notes in a rising scalic pattern , but apart from that there does n't seem to be any similarity to me . 
  i did a lot of filmmaking as part of my cas . 
  in particular , both years of ib i competed in my city 's 48 hour film project , where you have to make a film in just 48 hours . 
  on the friday night they announce a line of dialogue , character , and a prop that every team has to use , and each team draws a genre out of a hat . 
  then you make a 4 -- 7 minute film and hand it in sunday evening , having done all writing , shooting , and editing in just the two days . 
  really stressful , but an absolute blast of a time . 
  if you 're creating youtube content anyway , you 're probably interested in this sort of thing , so you should [ check out if they 've got a 48hfp in your city ] ( https://www.48hourfilm.com/en/tour/ ) . 
  i 've always said youla , but then i also mispronounced euler as youler until i heard my lecturer pronounce it oiler in my discrete maths course ... 
  yeah , this is quite a specialised cmv , so it wo n't draw as much attention as the really generic ( and often somewhat circlejerkish ) ones about what is or is n't wrong with the government . 
  yeah , i 'd say you 're not going to get much use out of the extra ram . 
  more storage , on the other hand , is always valuable . 
  oh i would be extremely surprised if it does n't . 
  actually , to be fair , we should be voting for our local candidate and not the party or the party leader . 
  the most common polling places in aus are schools . 
  then again , we have elections on a saturday ... ( which removes both the need for a public holiday and the problems for religious people ) . 
  engineering ? 
  which course is it ? 
  americans ? 
  when did the americans do well in asia ? 
  obviously not . 
  the us led the un forces , but it essentially ended in a draw . 
  japan/wwii ? 
  i would n't call that a land war . 
  anything middle-east ? 
  not sure i 'd say they 're doing too well there either . 
  the book was explicitly stated as being set in australia , but he never specified the nationality of the invaders .
