  i played maybe three or four hours of one gta game . 
  not sure which . 
  possibly 3 ? 
  or san andreas ? 
  it was on ps2 . 
  i was a ps2 household growing up , and i 've never really gotten into nintendo . 
  ctr  mariokart any day  so yeah , never even touched a zelda game . 
  on the topic of gta , a quick look of its wikipedia page suggests the numbered gta games , vc , and sa are considered main line , but games like `` vice city stories '' and `` grand theft auto advance '' are not . 
  that 's not a large scale map . 
  it 's larger than op 's but the question was about really large scale maps . 
  continent-spanning ones . 
  which unfortunately inkarnate does n't do very well since they changed the art style . 
  although i saw a couple of days ago some new icons that might be coming soon which would improve things . 
  around this time during my first year is when i first started feeling the stress of ib . 
  some stress and perhaps anxiety is probably normal around now . 
  but please , if it 's getting to be too much , do find someone that you trust to talk to . 
  depression is a serious illness . 
   you cant just put anything you want into any setting of dungeons and dragons, 
  dude . 
  have you ever read a d&d handbook ? 
  or at least one made this century ? 
  the game is * enormously * inclusive . 
  they 're very specifically a-ok with gsm people . 
  the latest edition especially says , in almost as many words `` you can be straight , gay , cisgendered , or transgendered . 
  it 's up to you . 
  anything makes sense in this game . '', 
  with the forgotten realms as a setting in particular , one of the most famous characters ( arguably * the * most famous character ) in the entire setting is a man who spent some time as a woman . 
  and not for minutes or hours , but for multiple * years * , elminster lived as elmara . 
  regarding this game in particular , ed greenwood , the creator of the realms , quite specifically called out the haters and said that this is fine . 
  if it 's not for you , that 's also fine . 
  but just like he does n't go around complaining about people who wear yellow , you should keep your ( frankly somewhat bigoted seeming ) misgivings about the game to yourself . 
  ( that 's me paraphrasing greenwood , except the part in brackets , which is mine . ), 
  it might not have been the most narratively complex character in the world , but i bet this conversation would n't have been happening if the same character had been a straight cisgendered man . 
  ( or even woman , quite possibly . ), 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might wish to try asking in the latest arcana forge megathread . 
  alternatively , looking in our subreddit resources list might help you . 
  best of luck . 
  and hope he does n't get a monster reborn . 
  that 's a mechanic that worked really nicely when it was the stand-out feature for the atlanteans in aom , but making it a feature standard to everyone is a bit of a shame . 
   the power of a warlock is n't innate though , it 's studied . 
  it 's based on knowledge given . 
  this is the fundamental mistake in your assumption . 
  the power of a warlock ( side note : the style is to ** not ** capitalise classes ) comes by * channelling * the power of their patron . 
  in the archetypical case of a pact with a devil ( by far the most obvious type of warlock ) , they 're channelling the powers of the hells , and their patron is a conduit for that power . 
  much like the sorcerer is corralling the magical force within themselves and channelling it outward , the warlock has to control the power passed to them via their patron , be that the power of the hells , the feywild , or the far realm . 
  now , you can feel free to reflavour things if you like , but that 's how the flavour has been described in the forgotten realms canon in the past . 
  ( note : other settings may be different . 
  fr is what i 'm familiar with , and that 's the same warlock interaction that i use in my own setting . ), 
  it 's possible that a reading of the phb leaves one with a different impression , either because the phb is vague , or has different assumptions than the fr . 
  but this would n't be the only time phb rules disagree with fr canon . 
  it 's up to you which you decide is true in your home campaign . 
  if the warlock as a class interests you , i 'd highly recommend checking out the brimstone angels series of novels , by erin m. evans . 
  the first couple are set in 4e , but the third one is a part of the sundering series which heralded 5e , and the last few are firmly set in 5e . 
  i 'd also , on an unrelated note , recommend these books to anyone interested in the hells/devils , tieflings , or dragonborn . 
  `` anyone else [ than victoria ] '' is code for `` anyone in nsw or queensland '' . 
  ( they do make up a combined  75 % , to be fair . ), 
  rugby means rugby union . 
  this is true regardless of where you are . 
  rugby * league * ( shortened to `` league '' ) is sometimes referred to as `` footy '' in a casual sense . 
  but i do n't think many people would say `` football '' to talk about league , except to refer to the ball itself . 
  ninja edit :, 
  but the thing that really bothered me was that it says `` football is called ` soccer ' . '', 
  no it bloody well is n't . 
  * soccer * is called soccer . 
  soccer might be a type of football in the general sense , but no aussie would be caught dead calling soccer football . 
  i just wan na take this time to point out that , under current australian law , what you did here is almost certainly not okay . 
  we do n't have a fair use law like america does , and our `` fair dealing '' ( the closest equivalent ) is far more stringent . 
  but you can help change that !, 
  there 's a campaign going on right now to try and get our government to implement the recommendations of the productivity commission , and implement a fair use law similar to what they have right now in america . 
  [ here 's a link with some more information about fair use , and how to get involved ] ( https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/faircopyrightoz ) . 
  i would highly , highly suggest at the very least sending a letter and email to your mps and senators . 
  now you 've got it , 
   divided ? 
  hell no . 
  i 'm divided as hell over this . 
  i ca n't decide between `` i do n't know '' and `` i do n't care '' . 
  what 's the piece , if i may ask ? 
  ohhhhhh , ouch . 
  that is not a nice sound font . 
  when you ask for a `` free soundfont '' , do you need need it to be free as in speech , or as in beer ? 
  i notice you said you used sibelius in the process . 
  why not export its high quality sounds directly from sibelius , then sync that up with the video from mam ? 
  that 's how the main smalin channel usually does things . 
  ( albeit with live recordings , instead of higher quality digital exports . ), 
  although i 'm wondering if you 're perhaps wondering about the legality of doing this . 
  regardless , fantastic job transcribing all of this !, 
  that must have taken some serious effort !, 
  for what it 's worth , the zoom h1 is a fantastic little beastie of a mic , but it 's kinda an all-rounder . 
  not super fantastic for recording a musician play , but pretty decent at that , as well as pretty decent at recording whole orchestras , or more interview-style speech , and even a passable film audio mic in a pinch . 
  i love mine , but i do n't think i 'd recommend it to someone specifically looking to record music . 
   his style drifted more towards atmospheric music, 
  him and every other bloody video game composer . 
  and film composer , for that matter . 
  apart from williams i do n't know if there are any composers of incidental music for digital media out there today that i still have a very high opinion of . 
  i remember being particular disappointed with the soundtrack to elder scrolls online . 
  just when it 's building up and you think it 's gon na get really awesome , blasting out that main elder scrolls theme , it backs off ever so slightly . 
  sounds cool !, 
  is it a feature or a short ?
