  but our barbeques are different to those in the us , where they would probably call it ` grilling ' . 
  do n't listen to the other guy . 
  it was mainly due to relentless and baseless attacks from the opposition , and an entirely right-wing dominated media . 
  afl absolutely is n't , the tackles in that are more like wraps . 
  the rugby codes arguable are because of the lack of pads , but you also do n't lead with the head the same was as in gridiron . 
   summer months occur when the earth is closest to the sun , right, 
  ouch . 
  no offense , but i was taught in what you would call middle school that this is a common misconception . 
  i did n't know anyone who actually believed it . 
  as others have explained , it 's because of the tilt of the earth 's axis . 
  one thing i 've always wondered is whether southern hemisphere summers are hotter than northern , because our summer does actually occur closer to the sun . 
  let me reiterate , that 's something i 've wondered , i have n't done any checking whether it 's true , so do n't quote me on it . 
  do any australians actually follow these instructions ? 
  i , and everyone i know , have always heaped it on . 
   you 'll never know unless you ask , right ? 
  yeah definitely . 
  good on you for asking . 
  regarding the tear in the ozone layer , i believe it 's significantly on the mend now , so that 's good . 
  45 minutes is a bit much for an online , voluntary , survey . 
  if you 're doing this through your uni , do they not have a psychology programme wherein you can pay people to do it ? 
  that 's what they have here at uq . 
  still , if you pm me the survey link i 'll see if i can do it . 
   it 's always going to be better to have one character in the party that can focus solely on intelligence and have all those skills, 
  two points :, 
  information regarding this needs to be more readily available . 
  how party skills works is really complicated , and it took me a long time before i realised a bunch of people with 4 is no where near as good as one person with 7 . 
  even so , can you really have * one * person cover all of the intelligence skills ? 
  there 's a lot of them , surely you 'll need to split them among two characters ? 
  the only things i 'd disagree with you about are that i 'd say rudd 's carbon scheme was better , and i 'm not a fan of gillard 's decision to cut university funding to pay for primary education . 
  especially given how much funding currently goes to private schools . 
  i 've heard that word before , but never realised that was talking about a doona . 
  hahaha, 
  man that must be a pain any time you have to go through a metal detector . 
  i just started a discrete maths course last week and feel happy for understanding this stuff . 
  my uni has an online system where nearly all lectures are recorded and made available to watch after the fact . 
  i ca n't speak for him , but me , definitely . 
  i do n't want to live in a place where guns are so easy to come by where stuff like this can happen . 
  oh wow , i did n't realise this was the way we were playing it . 
  my first reaction was `` and this is why random citizens should n't have guns for ` protection ' . '', 
  australia , i am disappoint . 
  to be fair , with olympics every four years and winter olympics every four years in the gaps , there 's almost no time when it would n't be convenient . 
  he pointed his gun at police officers . 
  if he did n't have one , he never could have done that . 
  i agree there . 
  i just * do n't * agree that you should have a gun to use against any other intruder , either . 
   without a warrant , ** invitation ** , or chasing a murderer, 
  emphasis mine . 
   a very , very tiny minority of atheists actually think that god is disprovable . 
  this ( and the rest of your comment ) is perfect . 
  personally , i believe we can definitively say christianity , judaism , islam , etc. 
  are wrong , because they make claims of an interventionist god which we have no evidence for . 
  however , the idea of * a * god , or some form of rebirth/afterlife is something that we simply can not know . 
  i believe those things are unlikely , but i certainly would never pretend to claim that i know for certain that there is n't a god that created the universe . 
  just that if there was , his action was to 'cause the big bang ' , and not to build the world as we see it today . 
  copy and paste that symbol into a new comment replying to / u/ihave2thumbs . 
  it has to be a new comment because the deltabot does n't check edits . 
  it 's ok , i can post it in this comment because you ca n't give delta to the op . 
  the annoying one for me is knives . 
  placed on the left side of the table , facing in , the serrated edge points upwards , which just looks slightly wrong . 
  on the right side of the table , facing in , the serrated edge is hidden , and it looks far more elegant . 
  edit : cerated , adjective : covered with wax or resin . 
  \u2260 serrated , adjective : having or denoting a jagged edge ; sawlike . 
  yeah same . 
  i 'm more of a next gen star trek fan , but i loved boston legal . 
  it 's the `` but '' . 
  but no soul works much better than and no soul . 
  hugh laurie too . 
  the christmas special was the very best of it , i thought . 
  i 'm australian but i did n't get why this had happened . 
  i still do n't understand the title , though . 
  `` came home to this '' , i thought he said he had to fly to get to his brother ? 
  how is his brother both overseas and back home ? 
  in house , he does do an incredibly good job of pretending to be american , to be fair . 
  i 'm actually ambidextrous , but i ca n't say i know many left handed people who eat right handed . 
  i do n't know for certain , but from what i heard they have worse waiting times for less essential procedures than we do . 
  i 'm not going to argue about standard of living , you 're probably right about that . 
  however , regarding freedoms . 
  the us has much more lax laws on defamation , which some regard as being more ` free ' . 
  personally , i think the uk ( and my country , australia ) goes too far on restricting defamation , but the us does n't go far enough . 
  there 's also their dogmatic support of the right to bear arms , which again is a freedom of sorts . 
  and yes i 'm playing devil 's advocate here , because i do n't believe that these freedoms are necessarily an improvement . 
  one definite advantage is their fair use laws , which are much better than what you have in the uk with fair dealing . 
  the recent introduction of porn blocking in the uk is a terrible move backward . 
  yes you can opt out of it , but something like this should most definitely be opt in . 
  you also gain , by moving to the us * from the uk * , a * slight * improvement in socio-economic mobility . 
  that does n't say much , however , as both the us and uk are among the worst in the developed world . 
  i 'm really not a fan of the quality-of-life index , simply because of what it measures . 
  i do n't believe divorce rates , churches and trade unions , and climate should be involved in a measure of the quality of life in a country . 
  the satisfaction with life index is similarly flawed in that it fundamentally asks people to rate their own happiness . 
  a poor measure due to the hedonic treadmill . 
  edit : it also , as far as i can tell , was a one-off study done in 2006 : 7 years ago and before the financial crisis . 
  hdi is a better measure . 
  it also conveniently for you does place the us significantly above the uk . 
  it 's also worth noting that when using inequality-adjusted hdi ( ihdi ) , the us is still ahead of the uk , but by a much smaller margin . 
  the us drops a lot in overall standings , where the uk actually rises in its global ranking . 
  i 'd say number of actions is the best . 
  it would n't be forcing you , just recommending that you join the weaker team to help with balance ( since most people go with default ) . 
  at the moment ( or , at least when i signed up ) the game seems to try and push you to resistance . 
  i , too , would like a source on this graph , but if it is correct :, 
  the red curve says your likelihood of crashing on the y axis , and your speed ( represented as a * variation from the speed limit * ) on the x axis .
