  that 's certainly how i felt back when i played runescape , too . 
  i think at this point most of its use ( at least on reddit ) is in the latter category . 
  $ 480 , actually . 
  unfortunately not . 
  you can choose to not sync any applications , and then just manage applications on your work applications manually . 
  yeah all the seats in korea are padded , too . 
  based on the title it would seem to be a high school-level survey , possibly for maths . 
  in that case ( and even if it 's for a different subject ) , i do n't think the quality of the results matter so much as the process with which he does the statistics . 
  that , or it could be a study on `` opinions on legalisation of marijuana amongst internet users '' or some such thing . 
  but that 's a legitimate question . 
  it could have been obama or johnson . 
  maybe even stein . 
  in the settings , the very top section should be `` sign in '' , and under that should say `` advanced sync settings ... '' , go in there and uncheck extensions . 
  as someone who does n't follow any other superhero media ( comics , other shows , etc. ), 
  who is this ? 
  mainly , are we supposed to be expecting him to become a villain or a hero , but also is there anything else important to know ? 
  ah , so godfrey is apocalypse in disguise ? 
  i do n't follow any of the other superhero media , but i started thinking just in this episode that he may end up being alien in some way , though i was thinking more like a krolotean puppet . 
  destroying another planet ? 
  is that what they did ? 
  i did n't realise that ... wow ... 
  ah thanks , i vaguely remember that series ( did n't at first , but after googling , the very first picture that came up `` sparked '' my memory . 
  cheers for that . 
  but i doubt anyone else will come along , the thread 's 3 days old now and most of the really hardcore fans have probably seen it and been through the thread . 
  version 25.0.1364.29 beta , os x 10.8 , my tabs are their normal colours , although after updating to the beta channel ( realised i had accidentally installed the normal channel on new computer , so thanks for this post ) the tabs do seem a little more blockish , rather than rounded . 
  could be psychological , though . 
  blackadder  johnny english      mr. bean . 
  i 'm taking this as canon . 
  we 'll all speak english with korean syllabic style ? 
  will we also write in korean ? 
  yeah i agree . 
  easily the best written alphabet on the planet . 
  i can not imagine what it would have been like to be in the hall for the first performance of the planets . 
  i know holst did n't like the immense popularity it got in comparison to his other works , but by god it deserved the attention . 
  it really is such an amazing work , particularly that eerie ending to neptune . 
  ditto , bat righty bowl lefty . 
  i just did this with my left hand just to prove you wrong . 
  feels weird , but it 's possible . 
  but the title in this case was exactly what the title of the * article * said . 
  sure , that title was sensationalised , but you ca n't criticise op for it , and that certainly does n't go against the subreddit 's rules . 
  australian here , i do n't think either of them has any inherent advantage in being more intuitive . 
  to me , celsius makes perfect sense . 
  40 \u02da = too damn high, 
  30 \u02da = high but bearable , especially with a nice wind, 
  20 \u02da = comfortable , maybe a bit too cold for me, 
  10 \u02da = very cold, 
  0 \u02da = freezing , literally, 
  i do n't think either one makes more sense than the other for telling the weather day-to-day , it 's just what you 're used to . 
  celsius has the obvious advantage in that 0 and 100 are melting and boiling points of water , and also in that \u2206 1 \u02dac = \u2206 1k , since kelvin is the scientific measure of temperature . 
  where the fuck do * you * live , the middle east ? 
  how is 40 not hot ? 
  30 min plus preparation time , cutting up veggies and stuff . 
  if you do n't want anything but an mp3 player , why not an ipod touch ? 
  they 're * fairly * cheap , but obviously not great . 
  you could also try googling `` android equivalent to ipod touch '' . 
  [ here 's one example link from that search ] ( http://liliputing.com/2011/10/8-android-alternatives-to-apples-ipod-touch.html ) . 
  when you say bassist , is that bass guitar , contrabass ( or upright bass ) , bass recorder , or bass singer ? 
   used wisely and efficiently credit cards are vastly superior to every other form of payment, 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
  i can see how they 're better than cash ( ca n't lose as much if it gets stolen , smaller , do n't need to remember to get cash out ) , but how is it better than a debit card . 
  this is n't a rhetorical question or a pointed one , i genuinely do n't understand what the point of a credit card is compared to a debit card . 
  my basic understanding is credit card = you do n't pay anything until the end of the month , it just lists up a charge . 
  debit card = every time you swipe it the money is taken straight out of your bank account . 
  am i wrong there , or missing something ? 
  oh god you 're thick . 
  we 're talking celsius here . 
  the guy already said `` australian here '' , so that should have made it clear enough as it was . 
  even aside from that , you can just use logic to work it out . 
  if i see someone talking about temperatures with regards to weather , and they say it 's 100 , i 'm obviously going to know that 's fahrenheit . 
  if someone says it 's 40 and hot , it 's obviously celsius . 
  similarly , if we 're talking about how much someone weighs , and they say 160 , unless from context it 's clear they 're extremely heavy , they must be using pounds , 60 would be kilos , and 10 would be stones . 
  tl ; dr , it 's all about context, 
  yeah , it 's called self deprecating humour . 
  i 'm gon na guess that 's get thee to a nunnery ? 
  i do n't remember scene numbers . 
  welsh and kiwi , yup . 
  not scott . 
  if we 're going to say 0 \u02daf ( -17 \u02dac ) falls under `` most of the time in most of the world '' then i 'd say we can also safely go to at least 112 \u02daf ( 44 \u02dac ) . 
  more reasonable , however , would be to say 20 \u02daf ( -7 \u02dac ) ~ 105 \u02daf ( 40 \u02dac ) , which , especially at the low end , does n't have a very reasonable match with the above criteria . 
  add to that the fact that 0 \u02dac is both a reasonable temperature to expect when talking about weather , and the fact that it is freezing temperature is important . 
  because of this , i maintain there is n't any inherent advantage to either in everyday language ( and , in fact , i 'm not sure i agree with you about celsius being better for cooking , really ) . 
  it really is just what you 're used to using . 
  i also maintain that because of the interchangeability with kelvin , celsius is a better measure overall . 
  thanks for that , but i think better would have been http://lmgtfy.com/?q=get+thee+too+a+nunnery , for [ it would have shown that that is in fact act 3 scene 1 ] ( http://shakespeare-navigators.com/hamlet/h31.html ) . 
  act 3 scene 2 does n't , at least as far as i can tell , have relevance . 
  i got accepted in the last round ( back in december ) to bachelor of engineering , on what i believe was the equivalent of an op 1 or a 3 , depending ( because i took ib maths hl -- equivalent more or less to maths c , and a second language , it goes from what would be op 3 just on my sheer ib score , to counting as an op 1 ) . 
  it 's funny , i 've never felt the need to switch the controllers on fps games . 
  the association of the r2 button being a `` trigger '' never felt very strong to me . 
  that said , holding an actual gun i feel completely comfortable both ways , perhaps even more comfortable holding it right-handed . 
  i do n't care for her playing , either ( in fact , i think it 's about as robotic as what you get playing back through sibelius ... ) , but i 'd still like to see an ama from her , because why the hell not . 
  could be interesting to see how she got where she is etc. 
  well , at least in my experience , in australia it 's all in jest . 
  we like to say things like they 've got two heads , or they 're inbred , that kind of thing . 
  how can you measure something compared to a full stop ? 
  surely it would vary a lot on what font and , more importantly , font size , you 're using ? 
  honestly , i do n't understand how this subreddit uses spoilers . 
  a * rumour * or a * theory * is not a spoiler . 
  yet everyone on this subreddit uses the nsfw tag to mark theories as being spoilers . 
  does canada not have preferential voting ? 
  a couple of other useful wikipedia links about this :,
