  just that there were a lot of good ideas . 
  hmm . 
  yeah , that 's dumb , if true . 
  i could have sworn there was some mention of a father in there somewhere , but as i said , it 's been a long time since i watched it , so i 'll have to take you at your word for it . 
  nah , if that 's true about being conceived by the force , that 's another dumb element of the prequels , for sure . 
   every account on reddit exists only in the mind of an autistic boy, 
  removed redundancies . 
  hey , since you seem to be someone who knows a lot about the mcu , could i ask a question ? 
  what 's the go with the infinity stones ? 
  at the end of age of ultron , thor said something about there being four of them known ( i think it was four , anyway ... ) which are they ? 
  i know there 's the tesseract from avengers and the one that went into vision , but what are the other two ? 
  we as the audience know about the power stone from guardians , but at least as far as i 'm aware there 's no reason thor should know about that ( it does n't seem that the guardians of the galaxy have had any contact with the avengers yet ) . 
  and i ca n't think of any candidate for the fourth one . 
  a dragon , a dragon , my kingdom for a dragon !, 
  i do n't know why , in the middle of this whole conversation , this should be the comment to have such an effect , but this just made me really sad again . 
  according to this episode 's `` inside the episode '' the burning of shireen was something that came out of martin 's head . 
  who are linda and elio , and why should any of use give any shits about what they have to say ? 
  they seem like petty bitches based on that one screenshot . 
   does anyone else get the feeling that david was almost too eager to say `` oh , you ca n't get mad at me , you see ; it was in the books first ! '' ? 
  absolutely not . 
  in fact , he skipped over that bit so fast i did n't even notice it the first time i watched the video . 
  side note , who is that linda bitch ? 
  she seems incredibly petty , and if she 's not martin 's editor , why should anyone give a shit what she has to say ? 
  if you do n't want spoilers for the writing process , * do n't watch videos about the writing process * !, 
  i for one * do * want to hear about how they went about doing stuff , and i do n't want them to stop putting out the inside the episode videos because a few people want to avoid spoilers . 
  that 's why i did n't say `` my phone is for ... '' . 
  i specifically said `` my phone * number * is for ... '' . 
  they did n't come here and spoil it for you . 
  they briefly mentioned it in the video . 
  so you ca n't blame them for it . 
  otherwise , same deal . 
  do n't go to threads discussing the show if you are n't prepared for spoilers . 
  but if you do want to blame anyone , blame other redditors , not the writers . 
  this is what it 's been like for people who have n't read the books since the beginning . 
  no sane person would have ever blamed martin for the spoilers . 
  no , you blame redditors for not using spoiler tags correctly ( and everyone should do that , always , and call others out when they do n't !, 
  bad idea with even worse execution . 
  another comment is saying it was darth plagueis , who was ( iirc ) darth sidious 's master . 
  palpatine also talked about him with respect to his ability to `` save people from dying '' , and makes the comment about how it 's ironic that `` he could save others from death but not himself '' . 
  yeah i was confused about that , too . 
  that 's why my answer was basically `` i * think * i ` disagree ' . 
  i know i liked the flavour in other editions , that 's what really matters . '', 
  my first real character was a 4e psion . 
  i absolutely loved the flavour of psionics in that edition . 
  in my mind ( heh ... mind ) it 's kind of like m'gann m'orzz from young justice , or possibly something like the mental battles between spellcasters in eragon . 
  to me , it 's a very differently flavoured class than any of the current casters , and it needs to have a significantly different spell list . 
  maybe a few of the spells already in there would cross over , but i want to see things like mind thrust , memory hole , betrayal , and dishearten . 
  how it works out mechanically in terms of managing spellcasting resources , i do n't especially care . 
  the spell points system is a good one , but i 'm not fixated on it . 
  it just needs to have that feel of destroying the opponent 's mind . 
  i do n't want psions casting fire bolt . 
  as an aussie , 15 degrees is about where i 'm very seriously considering turning the heater * on * , not setting that as the * maximum * temperature . 
  3 days, 
  wait , he 's done live action stuff ? 
  i * only * know him from his voice over . 
  at least ... i think i do . 
  if i 've seen him live action , i did n't recognise him in it . 
  how many in the group ? 
  fewer makes it much easier for everyone to schedule when they 'll be available . 
  would you care to explain ? 
  i 've put on warm clothes long before it reaches 15 . 
  what 's with the non-standard values ? 
  can they not find enough standard value coins and notes ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of a commemorative coin being issued in significant numbers that was anything other than the typical values , here where i live ... 
  the coin would be a pain to deal with in any organisation system ... 
  wait , so , no inter-frame compression ? 
  did n't we already learn how terrible an idea that is ( for anything longer than a small handful of frames ) from gif ? 
  i did exactly this . 
  it remains the only app i 've ever actually paid for on * either * platform , let alone * both * . 
  there used to he a free version with limited functionality . 
  i think 3 podcast feeds was the maximum , or something . 
  i mean , they 're smart people . 
  they 're not going to shut off one the moment the new one comes around . 
  for a time , at least , they 'll doubtless keep both running . 
  i listen almost exclusively to tech news podcasts . 
  all about android is good . 
  also :, 
  * this week in google, 
  * macbreak weekly, 
  * windows weekly, 
  * this week in tech, 
  * security now, 
  also , if you 've heard of the youtuber cgpgrey of his eponymous channel , or brady haran of computerphile , numberphile , 60 symbols , periodic videos , objectivity , and many more , then their podcast , called `` hello internet '' , is a great one . 
  [ here 's how you normally would set playback speed ] ( http://imgur.com/a/l6bht ) . 
  i have no idea why it would do that automatically , though . 
  everything always plays for me at the speed i set it . 
  they 're a completely different type of system . 
  thematically and mechanically . 
  looking at the 5e spell list , there are only a few wizard spells that make sense for a psion to also have . 
  most of the spells would have to be brand new . 
  they pierce their opponents ' minds , reading their inner thoughts and fears , or * making * them fear , decreasing their effectiveness in battle . 
  they can even do things like make people turn on their friends ( `` betrayal '' was a power they had where they could cause an enemy to move a short distance and make an attack against its ally ) . 
  mechanically , all their powers make them excellent at controlling the battlefield . 
  but they 're also interesting in that as standard , they use a point based system . 
  in 4e , they had no encounter powers . 
  instead , they had power points . 
  they could cast at-wills normally , or spend power points to make them stronger . 
  pps renew on a long rest . 
  i 'd hope to see that carry forward . 
  give them cantrips that can be empowered to levelled spells using power points , as well as actual spells that always require points .
