  in general the exchange web interfaces have a tendency to be horrible , compared to , say , gmail or hotmail , and i 've yet to see syncing work correctly between the web interface , outlook , and third party mail applications ( like , say , mail on someone 's ipad ) . 
  also basic filtering and other features seem far more difficult to set up and use than they are in gmail . 
  thankfully i hardly have to deal with it , i just set up my uni 's email to be fetched into my regular gmail . 
  it 's only when i need to help my mum ( and other family members ) that i really run into problems . 
  what i do n't quite understand is what is the exact reason that exchange gets used in favour of google apps ? 
  is it some feature that they need ( managing accounts ? 
  security ? 
  ) , is it just the price ( i 've no idea how much it costs to manage either exchange or google apps ) , is it only based on momentum and not wanting to change , or is it perhaps something else ? 
   if it 's a socialization thing ( like sympathetic yawning ), 
  fuck you , now you 've got me yawning !, 
  stupid contagiousness . 
  yay straw men !, 
  ( on his part , not yours ), 
  i do n't . 
  let me preface by saying i 've never noticed anywhere near as much coughing as op 's link , as well as the comments on here , seems to suggest . 
  what i 'm about to say is under the presumption that my interpretation of the level of coughing presented in these comments and the article is correct . 
  the level of coughing in a concert is significantly higher than outside of a concert , even controlling for variables like age . 
  what 's the reason for this ? 
  there has to be something , it ca n't possibly just be sheer chance . 
  it could be something as simple as the physical environment ( temperature , content of the air , etc. ), 
  in concert environments , but it 's probably more likely to be something psychological . 
  is mr bastard correct in exactly what he thinks is the reason ? 
  i do n't know , but attempting some possible psychological reason for this certainly seems the right approach to me . 
  oh right , i misunderstood . 
  i thought he was asking if you * accept * us dollars . 
  no , it 's definitely stupid to not realise the price would have been quoted in anything other than the local currency ( unless otherwise specified ) . 
  one hitler shall henceforth be a unit of measurement equal to 6.0 * 10 ^ 6 human deaths . 
  standard si prefixes apply . 
  thus harold shipman 's achievements amount to 36 microhitlers . 
  the true utility of the hitler as an si unit is it allows useful unit conversions . 
  for example : the epa currently values a human life as being worth 6.9 million us dollars ( 6.9 megadollars ) . 
  a simple unit conversion thus gives us 1 hitler is equivalent to -41,400,000,000,000 dollars . 
  it can therefore be quantitatively established whether or not someone is `` worse than hitler '' . 
  when congress failed to pass a stimulus bill in 2008 the market lost 1.2 trillion dollars in 1 day , roughly equivalent to 29 millihitlers . 
  joseph stalin is the only human i know of who can be called worse than hitler , as his achievements clocked roughly 5 hitlers . 
  when your bank nails you with a 35 dollar fine , you can confidently tell the teller that they are currently fucking you over to the tune of 84 picohitlers and ask if they have a very tiny auschwitz behind the counter . 
  ^ i did n't come up with that, 
  is msy good ? 
  a friend bought computer parts from them and built a really decent computer for super cheap , and i was looking at buying a few parts from them . 
  but if , for example , a hard drive you buy fails under warranty , can they be relied upon to live up to that warranty ? 
  it is the verge , after all . 
  someone in another thread said that as a pollie his advice is to show up mid-morning or mid-afternoon , because while it might seem logical to show up early to `` beat the crowd '' , a lot of people have the same thought , so it actually works better to show up later . 
  i was on holiday in austria and met a really nice couple from somewhere in the middle-east ( i forget where ) , and they said their dream was to go to australia . 
  i suspect they bought tickets to the wrong place . 
  if you think it does n't come live here and compare . 
  but do n't wait 4 years , because unless the liberal party stops it , most of australia should have good internet by then . 
  it 's actually kinda a matter of pride if you * can * find a prisoner in your ancestry . 
  haha . 
  i get the joke , but the couple was middle-eastern . 
  tourists . 
  unless the joke was that austria turns * everyone * into an arsehole ? 
  in that case self-whoosh , i guess ... 
  i 've come across this argument a few times , but i do n't buy it . 
  for one thing , e\u00e4 is not really monotheistic , which is one of the most important tenants of christianity . 
  sure , you 've got eru ( `` the one '' ) , but the creation of the world is done chiefly by the valar , who are his agents . 
  there 's no real equivalent to christianity . 
  the creation of arda itself is done not by a single omnipotent being , but a number of extremely powerful , but certainly not omnipotent , beings . 
  yeah , that 's what i figured you were referring to . 
   if a car accidents were judged the same way ; it would be like saying that hitting a pedestrian whilst driving is a prison sentence of 1 year , but if you saw the pedestrian before you hit them then it carries a maximum sentence of 3 years . 
  eh , i 'm not sure that 's a good analogy . 
  i think a slightly more apt one ( albeit still somewhat awkward ) would be if you saw the pedestrian ; * had sufficient time to react , stop , swerve , whatever ; and still hit him * then you get 3 years . 
  * insert mcarthuresque warning about how anyone around you could be a nerd *, 
  huh ? 
  there are two situations . 
  wilful , and not wilful infringement . 
  if you did n't know that you were infringing , you get a lesser sentence , in iamnotamerican 's example it 's a 1 year gaol sentence because you did n't see them . 
  if you * did * know you were infringing on the patent , and chose to do it anyway , that is analogous to seeing the pedestrian , being able to avoid hitting them , and hitting them anyway . 
  in that case , you hypothetically get a larger sentence , for example 3 years . 
  just a tip , austin symphony is n't a large enough orchestra for the initials to make it obvious who you 're talking about . 
  if it was lso ( london symphony ) or bso ( boston symphony ) , then it would be obvious , and the initials can stand on their own . 
  when i search for `` aso orchestra '' ( the redundancy necessary because otherwise i get stuff unrelated to music ) , i see a whole page filled with adelaide symphony orchestra . 
  that makes sense , since i 'm in australia . 
  i then try `` aso orchestra - adelaide '' and get a page full of atlanta . 
  subtracting that shows a page of `` american '' . 
  all of that was complete pedantry , and has no bearing on the amazing quality of this piece of music . 
  i 'm on the final few bars of listening to it for the first time , and definitely going to go back and listen again . 
  out of interest , who are some of your favourite composers ? 
  i noticed some bits that reminded me a little of debussy , quite a bit of copland , and some howard shore ( film composer ) . 
  it really feels to me like a kind of american western kind of piece , really awesome . 
  it 's got a `` like '' on soundcloud from me . 
  i do n't suppose you could share the score with us ? 
  and if this is the first movement , have the other movements been composed yet ? 
  can we expect to hear recordings of them ? 
  coos i 'd love to hear the whole thing . 
   this makes it harder to learn because you ca n't look at the keys for help, 
  do n't listen to the others , this quote is right . 
  it * does * make it harder to learn . 
  ** however ** , in the long run the others are correct . 
  it is best if you print a copy of the keyboard and put it under your monitor . 
  you can look at that at first , as you get used to typing with the dvorak keyboard . 
  i would recommend checking out [ the newbie guide i wrote for dvorak ] ( https://zagorath.wordpress.com/2012/08/29/dvorak/ ) for further explanation on the best way to start learning to type on the dvorak simplified keyboard . 
  i 've placed my order . 
  should arrive in 2 -- 3 weeks , they say . 
  i 've been waiting to get this since i got back to australia in december . 
  really poor planning on google and lg 's part . 
  i bet they 've lost a heap of potential sales due to the unavailability . 
  by the way , what do you have against giving money to hn ? 
  i did n't want to get it from there just because it 's more expensive , but if the prices were the same i have nothing particular against them . 
  do we even know it 's officially going to be called that yet ? 
  surely there must be other deserts beginning with k ?
