  yeah , well fuck you guys too . 
   really strong flavor that brings a character away from that heritage brings them away from a defining trait of being a drow in that setting and shifts them towards a dark-skinned elf . 
  playing off type is * necessarily * a fantastic breeding ground for good character building . 
  the intelligent barbarian , the vampire that hates the fact that she was turned into one and wants to stop other vampires , the scrawny bookish viking who befriends his tribe 's mortal enemies , the disney-like princess who kicks arse . 
  both popular literature and gaming stories are * littered * with examples . 
  ( bonus points for getting the characters referenced . ), 
  it does n't necessarily mean that every character that is off type is going to be played * well * , of course . 
  but playing on type does n't mean it 's going to be good either . 
  but the whole advantage of having generalities is that you can then break them and the reasons for and consequences of that become potentially interesting story points . 
  not at all . 
  from the perspective of someone who rather liked 4e , they 've actually done a really good job of keeping the good and interesting bits of its lore , while merging back in the stuff that people liked about previous editions . 
  tieflings had a * fantastic * bit of narrative play out around them with asmodeus 's apotheosis ( which is in itself an awesome story -- in fact , a lot of what they did with the hells was really quite great : the end of the blood war in part thanks to the succubi 's change of allegiance ) . 
  basically everything about dragonborn was really cool . 
  and all of that stuff has stayed true . 
  they brought back some dead gods and stuff , but a lot of big changes are still true . 
  but what 's great from either perspective is that what they changed going from 3 . x to 4e , and then from 4e to 5e , was all done narratively . 
  nothing was truly `` retconned '' . 
  they went to quite a lot of effort to explain precisely why magic was so different and non-vancian in 4e . 
  the fact that a completely new race is suddenly around had narrative explanation which itself had potential for interesting stories . 
  and the massive changes undergone by another race were accompanied by a heap of detail in the story about the events that lead up to , and the consequences of , that change . 
   it was inconsistent , e.g. 
  `` white hatters '' and `` white hackers '', 
  that was n't inconsistency . 
  the latter is meant to refer to race . 
   but lots of them are really bad , and they 're all quite picky about character creation , as well as generally being confusing in format and style, 
  so , just like the one edgardo was playing in . 
  also , [ here 's a direct link to the hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) , if anyone wants it . 
  some of the longer ones ( particularly stranded and demigods ) are ** really ** long . 
  but they are * totally * worth it . 
  you probably just need to read it a few pages at a time over a few days . 
  as a side note , if you want to link to a subreddit , you do n't have to use the \\ [ text \\ ] & #xfeff ;\\ ( link \\ ) syntax . 
  you can just write / r/subreddit and it 'll link straight there . 
   it 's kind of an isthmus but the part on the left wo n't get bigger , it 's the western end of the continent . 
  then not an isthmus , a peninsula . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` class '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  hi , this post is being removed for being in violation of subreddit post requirement 1 . 
  submissions are required to be playable content . 
  square brackets first , then normal brackets . 
  i would recommend starting with the / r/dndgreentext [ hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) . 
  it has a curated selection of some of the best stories out there , sorted into categories of short bite-sized stories and the longer ones that take anywhere from minutes to hours to read through . 
  i would particularly say that stranded and demigods are really long , but totally worth reading . 
  might want to read a few entries at a time on them , over a couple of days . 
  it 's certainly a very popular series with the subreddit 's audience . 
  probably the most popular oc shared directly on / r/dndgreentext . 
  i would strongly suggest you read up on what the eladrin actually were and how they came to be , because though i 'm not particularly familiar with them , briefly reading their page on the fr wiki makes it seem pretty clear that they are not even slightly an exception to what i posted above . 
  not at all . 
  my favourite comic book show is , by far , young justice , and its superman had some really interesting character development , in particular with his difficulty in maintaining close relationships . 
  the dcau supes was also well-portrayed and certainly not one-note . 
  the problem with the dccu 's supes is that he lacks basically anything that makes him interesting . 
  he had that incident where his dad died , in a scene that made zero sense . 
  clark just stood there and watched his dad die rescuing a fucking * dog * when he could easily have saved him or stopped him from going . 
  related to that , he 's supposed to be this representation of midwest american ideals , instilled in him by his adoptive father . 
  how is he supposed to get that when pa kent is dead because he sacrificed himself for no reason ? 
  there are no aspects of superman being explored in this interpretation that have not been explored already in far , far better adaptations of the character . 
  he 's just a poorly thought-out character , and most people are smart enough to recognise it : that 's why his movies are getting poor reviews . 
  but thanks for making unfounded assumptions , dick . 
   but there was 0 attempt to explain why we were suddenly calling what had been elves since 1e a new name . 
  this is a lie . 
  most of the interesting stuff is n't explained in game resources , it 's explained through alternative sources like the novels . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know specifically where it comes from for eladrin because to be honest i do n't really care an awful lot about elves in any edition . 
  i read my information on the fr wiki . 
  so i do n't know how * good * the explanation was for it in context . 
  to be honest i suspect it 's probably pretty terrible because this one does feel more like they 're forcing a narrative in order to explain a mechanical change . 
  but there will be * some * justification for it . 
  as another example though , the stuff i was talking about above with the tieflings , asmodeus , and the dragonborn is all explained in erin m. evans ' novels in the brimstone angels series . 
  you wo n't find anything in the phb or dmg about why tieflings are suddenly all infernal in 4e when previously they had a bunch of disparate backgrounds , and in 5e the vast majority still are infernal . 
  all that stuff is * really * nicely explained to the point where , if you did n't know going in to it what the meta reasons were for it , you 'd think it was a completely organic decision . 
  i 'm currently getting weird little pop-ups that briefly appear sometimes when i 'm loading a google search page on my computer . 
  they disappear too quickly to properly read or react to them , but i believe they 're trying to ask me to pre-order a pixel , even though i already have . 
  i liked aspects of batman 's portrayal , but i feel like it was still quite flawed . 
  far more brutal and grimdark than the typical portrayal . 
  that 's not * necessarily * a problem because he certainly has the potential to go that way , but i 'm very strongly of the opinion that we need to be * shown * why he went that way . 
  having batman 's first appearance in this universe be so much darker than nolan 's ( which is itself darker than my favourite incarnation of the character : that of the dcau ) with zero context for that was a * huge * mistake . 
  if they had shown a more ` normal ' batman , and then shown the event that turned him how he is now , and then done bvs , it could have been by far the best portrayal of batman outside of comic books * ever * , but without context it just screams edginess for the sake of edginess , and made it impossible to care for the character . 
  i think it 's a massive shame , because the actor seems like he has enormous potential , and with better context i even think the story they 're doing could be great . 
  i * really * enjoyed his brief appearance in suicide squad , so perhaps with a little twist in the direction they 're taking him i might be persuaded to like things once he gets his own movie . 
  i 'll also just briefly say that , for reasons i ca n't quite put my finger on , i did n't like this alfred nearly as much as the alfreds from the dcau , the nolan trilogy , or gotham . 
  but then i did n't like the gotham alfred at first either , it took time for him to grow on me , so this one might as well . 
   i feel like the movies are built to be cool looking and feeling but not having a good story . 
  that , to me , is exactly the problem . 
  i do n't enjoy cool moments without a good story to go along with them . 
  in fact , i could almost say that i 'd rather something completely bland and devoid of good moments than something that has a few potentially good moments strung together by something terrible . 
  the scene with young bruce magically hovering surrounded by bats early on in bvs was one of the worst , i thought . 
  it just made no sense whatsoever . 
   how in the hell are we to give the driver where we want to go [ ? ], 
   every emigrant [ sic ] that lives and works in australia, 
   if we went to their country we would have to learn their language, 
  i can say for absolute certainty that this is not true , having lived overseas for much of my life . 
  i can speak just about enough korean to order a meal or direct a taxi , and even less vietnamese -- you mostly hang out with other expats and have no strong incentive to learn the language . 
   and a english-speaking, 
  wow . 
   they are the one 's [ sic ] that need to learn english, 
  that 's irony for you . 
   it is bloody rediculas, 
  come on dude , even my browser is telling me that 's spelt wrong . 
  thanks for sharing discw , that was really amusing . 
  i would n't have looked at any of the comments from the article otherwise . 
   after the elves took back cormanthyr and rebuilt myth drannor, 
  wait , they lost them ? 
  the only pre-4e books i 've read were the * very * earliest of the elminster novels .
