  i do n't know what you 've been doing with your computer , but the amount of time in windows that i 've spent trying to have a nicely organised start menu is just ridiculous . 
  it 's part of the reason i loved 8.1 so much , it did away with the awful * mess * that was the start menu and cleaned things up very nicely . 
   every single program is categorized by it 's manufacturer etc, 
  no , every programme is organised by how its installer decided to organise itself . 
  some manufacturers are nice and consistent , and in other cases one company might have 3 different top level folders , each of which might have 1 -- 3 folders within that , each of those of which might have an application , a readme , an uninstaller , and maybe some other miscellaneous stuff . 
  and when you uninstall the programme , its folder will likely still be there . 
  and no , a lot of people liked windows 8 . 
  it was a vast improvement in many ways . 
  it 's just that amid all the blind hate against it , we usually try to keep quiet . 
   it 's cumbersome at best to open an application, 
  it 's cumbersome to press cmd-space ( i have [ alfred ] ( http://www.alfredapp.com/ ) picking up that keyboard shortcut , but by default apple 's spotlight utility does the same thing ) , type the first maybe 5 letters of the application 's name , and hit enter ? 
  or type some other approximation ( i use `` ff '' for firefox , and gcc for google chrome canary , for example ) . 
  or to pinch in on the trackpad and find it in the menu of icons -- that you may or may not have easily rearranged by dragging and dropping -- that comes up there ? 
  or , if you prefer to do it this way , to press cmd-shift-a to open up a finder window of your applications folder and view things in there ? 
  yes , it 's stupid to have all of your applications in the dock . 
  that 's why you do n't do that . 
  you put your most used applications there , just like you do in windows 7 and newer . 
  and then anything else that happens to be running will get tacked on at the end , and removed right after you close it -- again , just like windows ' taskbar in 7 and newer . 
  okay fair point . 
  better question , what other pages can i get to that are under the . google gtld ? 
  ( also where have they used . app ? ), 
  no i knew that . 
  when they started giving out gtlds a few years ago they allowed companies to buy the whole domain themselves . 
  my question way basically what else is google publicly using them for ? 
  we 've got com.google , but is there anything else ? 
  i notice , for example , that they * have n't * set up mail.google to point to the same place as mail.google.com or gmail.com . 
   command key with my left ring finger, 
  wow that 's very unusual . 
  i usually slide my thumb over from the spacebar and do a really gentle pivot of my hand to hit the other key with my index finger . 
  apple would prefer you use full screen applications and swipe between them . 
  and to be honest , as much as i like aero snap in theory , i rarely use it on my ( dual-screen ) windows desktop . 
  using fullscreen applications actually is generally much more effective , i 've found . 
  neveretheless , if you do want the aero snap functionality , there are third party utilities that 'll let you do that . 
  all you need to see is [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms7hxuo2uke ) to know that you made the right decision by * not * video editing on linux ... 
  that 's 21:56 in more typical parlance . 
   you ca n't lay in bed with three monitors . 
  that sounds like a challenge !, 
   but generally neither will leave you maimed and bleeding on the ground, 
  you obviously have n't met my ex . 
  `` 60 is are love '' ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  or are you saying that the number 60 owns something called `` are love '' ? 
  yes i did . 
  i was merely correcting you in a jokey manner , in order to help you improve your writing without myself coming across in a rude way . 
  wait seriously ? 
  man that 's awful . 
  guess that 's just one more way in which kiwis are just inferior aussies , 
  so you 're just being wilfully ignorant . 
  the critical success podcast has [ a really good episode about voicing characters ] ( http://peachesandhotsauce.com/podcasts/11-voicing-characters ) . 
  as a fairly new 5e dm , so far i 've been running without a screen -- or with a screen that 's only there to hide notes ( the group 's former dm 's 4e screen ) . 
  but i 've been looking at grabbing the 5e screen , since it at least has decent build quality ( better than hand making my own , for sure ) , and then clipping a few extra things into it over the parts i do n't care for -- like the extensive conditions list . 
  ah fair enough . 
  i 've been using [ this site/app ] ( http://crobi.github.io/dnd5e-quickref/preview/quickref.html ) , so the conditions on the screen would be redundant for me . 
  my main point was that having the pre-made dm screen is a good starting point . 
  there 's probably at least a few things on there for anybody , and then you can use a paperclip or whatever to add on anything else you want over the top of the stuff you do n't care for . 
  it 's probably easier for most people than making a dm screen from scratch , and unless you really want to completely overhaul all the stuff on the screen , will produce a better quality result . 
  i 've got ta be honest , as someone who uses both apple devices ( computers , specifically ) and android devices ( phones and tablets ) , i do n't know about them being `` funnier '' per se , but it 's definitely a less angry community to be a part of . 
  there 's a lot less hatred for the android/windows world in / r/apple than there is for apple stuff in other communities . 
  i just do n't see how they * can * be in the same universe with the plan to have superman already be in place in supergirl 's universe . 
  he would have been talked about or noticed in some way . 
  it 's a shame , imo , that they 're doing this . 
  i think it would have been cooler to have her in the arrowverse , perhaps with ollie and barry being her inspiration to become a hero . 
  no superman . 
  but i want that because i 'm not a comic reader but i love those shows , and also because i just like consistency -- having multiple separate universes is just less cool to me . 
  can definitely see how that would n't be a great option because the comic readers would be really upset about it . 
  wait what ? 
  link ? 
  there was something wrong with season 3 ? 
  i thought it was absolutely amazing pretty much from start to finish ... 
  yeah i have to agree with you . 
  i 'm someone who has staunchly defended the films frequently , but even i ca n't claim that they fixed anything that was wrong with the lotr films . 
  i just say that they 're no where near as bad as people make out . 
  especially if you were to cut some of the longer action sequences to be shorter ( escaping the goblin cave , escaping the dragon cave , riding the bunny sled ) , they 're really great fun films . 
  and just fuck the barrel scene . 
  a * technically * amateurish scene ( what the fuck 's with the obvious gopro footage ? ), 
  that was also terrible from a thematic perspective ( ruining the brilliant simplicity of secretly escaping in the barrels ) . 
  just what the fuck . 
  but other than that , i really do n't have any problems with them . 
  3 more normal lengthed hobbit films ( as opposed to the 3 mega/lotr-lengthed films they went with ) would have worked perfectly . 
  but it still would n't have been the same level as lotr . 
  and how much of that did the tolkien estate see ? 
  that 's actually one of the * real * reasons many people believe christopher wo n't allow any other tolkien works to have the film rights sold off -- the estate got absolutely fucked over in terms of royalties . 
  not sure what you mean . 
  yes , the tolkien estate * could * sell off the rights to the other works if they wanted to . 
  but they have explicitly stated that they absolutely will not . 
  they are n't happy with how the lord of the rings films turned out , and while i have n't seen any statements from them regarding the hobbit , i imagine their opinion is no more favourable . 
  nobody can make films using the content contained within the silmarillion , unfinished tales , children of h\u00farin , etc. 
  unless they have the rights . 
  and christopher tolkien , as manager of the tolkien estate , wo n't give them those rights . 
   [ 64 % of the fortune 500 have gone google ] ( https://www.google.com/intx/en_us/work/ ), 
  the results say otherwise . 
  just as orangered won the battle of the hats back in 2013 , so will the non-pressers inevitably emergy victories from the button wars . 
  our victory is inevitable . 
  it 's up to us , all of us , to decide who will still be standing strong when that victory comes , but it * will * come . 
  for eventually all the weak-willed will be weeded out , and all that are left will be non-pressers , and the counter will reach zero , and it will be glorious . 
  edit : wait , have n't they officially released a few releases stating stiff about her more famous older cousin ? 
  yeah they do n't . 
  it 's either been edited in post , or the screen warming was done using something other than f.lux . 
  i know that the equivalent tool on android ( `` twilight '' ) * does * get captured in screenshots due to how it works . 
  could be something like that on the desktop .
