  do n't take this the wrong way ( or do , i do n't really care ) , but you would n't happen to be religious , would you ? 
   if your point was to somehow expose the shady business of r/brisbane, 
  eh , if he 's got some legit evidence of real censorship then i might care . 
  until then though i 'm just gon na downvote what i assume is just a troll . 
  enharmonic equivalents , but not * technically * quite the same thing . 
  is it the same as python 's ` yield ` , except that you have to write ` yield return ` ? 
  i 've been * told * that string players will in fact finger enharmonic equivalents slightly differently , at least when playing in string-only ensembles . 
  i ca n't confirm or deny that though , i play only piano and single-reeded woodwind , where that sort of chromatic control is n't available to me . 
  and my ears are definitely not sensitive enough to pick it up even if it is true . 
  yeah it 's technically moot , but if it comes at no additional cost i 'd much rather have the official warranty because informing the people manning the customer service desks about the acl can be a pain . 
  does n't hurt that , in this case , it 's far * cheaper * to buy through google than telstra . 
  based on the plan telstra is advertising , a 32 gb pixel outright through google over two years costs the same on telstra as if you were on an approximately $ 40 per month byo plan , which is * crazy * expensive if you 're an even halfway smart shopper . 
  i find it amusing that it would be eschenbach talking about this , just because when he conducts he looks hella scary . 
  like he 's professor xavier or something . 
  in my above comment . 
  drum kit or orchestral ? 
  sure . 
  a single unfairly removed post is n't going to mean much . 
  i 'm just saying that if someone actually has evidence of systemic censorship , i 'm willing to listen to that . 
  but i doubt anyone is going to have that anyway . 
  yeah i definitely agree . 
  it also violates simple logic . 
  why would someone * not * be able to attempt something just because they are n't trained in it ? 
   the changes , which will come into play on december 1 , will mean major retailers can open from 7am to 9pm monday to saturday . 
   ms lamb said the big win from the decision was the saturday hours , which were previously restricted to 8am to 5pm . 
   `` we 're hopeful this will mean sunday will receive the same benefit but only time will tell , '' ms lamb said . 
  for the lazy . 
  i never dmed 4e , so i could be wrong , but everything i 've heard has suggested that indeed the rules * were * that simple . 
  for example , [ this page ] ( http://www.runagame.net/2013/08/4e-skill-challenge-example.html ) clearly assumes that the number of failures is always 3 , but number of successes changes , as does the article it uses as a source for its maths . 
  unfortunately , that option no longer appears unless you have your stats set to automatic allocation based on points . 
  and also unfortunately , said automatic allocation uses a dumb single-winner system where the one that gets the boost is the one you did the most * at that level * , instead of being an intelligent proportional system -- a failure that means it 's basically unusable . 
  by the way , reddit 's link syntax requires you have the http : / / at the beginning for it to work . 
  that 's all true , but i think world war ii in europe is a particular case where you can pretty clearly point and say `` the nazis ** were ** the * bad guys * '' . 
  everyone did plenty of terrible things , but nobody on the allies ' side did anything comparable to the holocaust . 
  the systematic extermination of 6 million jews and 5 million people from other minorities , including homosexuals , romanis , and the mentally and physically disabled . 
  it 's utterly unparalleled and clearly marks them as * the bad guys * . 
  even japan , with their many atrocities including the death marches and the rape of nanking , is hard to compare . 
  as an upper limit , their death toll is estimated to be well under 400,000 . 
  this is * certainly * not an attempt to justify anything the japanese did , or anything done by the allies . 
  merely to point out that painting the nazis as bad guys is an obvious choice . 
  on a loosely related note , it annoyed me that they seemed to be implying that einstein invented the atomic bomb . 
  he was never even involved on the project !, 
  where 's the love for oppenheimer, 
  way , * way * better than legends is , so far . 
  eh , i 've given up on * any * show doing technobabble well . 
  early star trek put in some effort , but i have n't seen anything more recent than about 1990 that was consistently good . 
  it 's still * way * better than implying einstein invented the atomic bomb and making not a single mention of oppenheimer in an episode where the invention of said bomb is a major factor . 
  no he was n't . 
  hey , just gon na step in and ask that you not flood the front page all at once . 
  if you 've got a whole heap of these cross-class archetypes to submit , maybe either submit one or two per day , or link them in the comments . 
  not a rule , just a request . 
  it 'll keep the subreddit 's front page more diverse , but i also think it 'll mean individually your own posts will probably attract a larger audience if people do n't get fatigued by them all in one chunk . 
  if that was n't your plan , my apologies . 
  just that with the description of this one and the other post from a few minutes ago , it * seems * like you 're about to post a whole heap of submissions . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  also , for some reason your link is n't allowing me to view the pdf through google 's preview . 
  i 'm not sure why , but google was requiring that i download it to view . 
  could you perhaps try exporting it again or , if you 've done anything out of the ordinary in creating this pdf , perhaps try some other method ? 
  so , this is the second video i 've come across with this new ad format in as many days . 
  hovering over the ( i ) gives a pop up that says :, 
   you are seeing this product because we think it is relevant to the video . 
  google may be compensated by the merchant . 
  i think it 's a really interesting new way to advertise some clearly more directly related content . 
  shame that in this case one of them was n't the specific product being talked about in the video though . 
  i do n't think i 'd call them a planar race really , but if you 're interested in vryloka , [ you can find a copy already made for 5e here ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/vydfopkag ) . 
  i 've always referred to both the stadium and the field as lang park . 
  brisbane stadium is new to me , though . 
  if nothing else , code autocompletion and syntax error detection ( without needing to compile or run the code ) make ides worthwhile . 
  if i 'm doing a ` for int i = 0 ; i < list.length ; + + i ` loop , how do i go about changing that to test against zero , if the loop * needs * to be done in that order ( going from the end to the beginning is n't an option ) ? 
  and why ca n't they just call it by its proper name , lang park ? 
  not only would you * expect * it , if you 're in any country with anything * close * to reasonable consumer laws , you 'd be legally * entitled * to it . 
  the us , unfortunately , is not such a country . 
   they have no obligation to return money for a product that you purchased separately than the phone, 
  if you bought the product * because * of its advertised compatibility with the note 7 , in a country with reasonable consumer laws , they absolutely * would * have that obligation . 
  the us has shit consumer protection laws , but that does n't change the fact that it 's a scummy thing to do to not accept returns . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , anybody who is claiming they do n't have a * moral * obligation to return it is either delusional or a straight-up shill . 
  they advertised the vr as being compatible with the note , which is why op bought it . 
  when op is * forced * to return the product because of a safety recall , there 's absolutely no reasonable grounds to claim that they should n't be entitled to return any accessories that they bought specifically because of their compatibility with that device . 
  if the note return was merely because of a change of mind things would be very different . 
  what , are you serious ? 
  like , is that a thing you 've heard , or are you talking out of your arse ? 
  it 's legal to record people without their knowledge or consent in some places ? 
  what the fuck, 
   i think i 've hear the sol system called the terran system in star trek, 
  for what it 's worth , outside of the star trek context ( which it seems is how you 're using it here ) it should probably be referred to as the earth system , or the solar system . 
  the name sol for our sun is n't a scientific one , it 's a fictional one in the star trek universe . 
  nope . 
  damn that 's super cool . 
  you also probably mean `` your characters ' help '' . 
  apple, 
  uq 's pitch drop experiment is different though , as it was * designed * to be a long-running experiment , since the point was to prove that pitch is a liquid that just drips * reaalllyy * slowly . 
  oh right . 
  you can probably leave that out in the future . 
  it 's assumed that anything you post here , you 're interested in getting critique on . 
   i do n't think it 's really all that far fetched to think that many video game pieces are similar in a lot of respects to pieces of old, 
  it 's certainly not a far-fetched * idea * , but in practice it is n't true . 
  while a select few of the greatest * film * scores may have quite a lot in common with certain genres of classical music ( most notably opera ) , the limitations of composing for a video game -- where the music * must not * distract from the player 's ability to play the game ; must not get annoying after hearing it 500 times ; and must be able to programmatically adapt to fit the environment and action ( rather than being scored specifically to fit the moment ) -- make it very difficult to approach video game music in a way that 's interesting to classical musicians . 
  the best you can really do is play the main themes , which themselves tend not to be very interesting in any deeper way . 
  it would be sorta like if you played beethoven 's symphony no . 
  9 , but instead of doing the whole thing , you just played ode to joy orchestrated as a standalone piece .
