  not really . 
  if i were wanting to conduct any relations with someone else on an equal level with me , we would simply both have to say what time we 're able to . 
  but we can at least easily talk the save language . 
  i 've had a lot of experience with this issue , and it always becomes important to make it really , really clear what timezone you are referring to any time you say what time you are available/not available . 
  if there were only one timezone , sure , 5:00 might be dinner for me and breakfast for the person i 'm talking to , but at least we can both just say `` yes i 'm available at 5:00 '' or `` no i ca n't do 5:00 '' . 
  no real need to worry about calculations or anything . 
  but this system becomes even more useful in situations similar to this thread . 
  where there is an event taking place somewhere at a fixed time , and you want to tell people when that is . 
  instead of having to worry about how to communicate what time it is ( the whole original problem here ) , you just say `` it 's at 3:30 '' . 
  everyone knows what that means , whether it 's the middle of the night for them or during their lunch break , they do n't have to do any thinking at all to know what 's going on when . 
  [ a similar event happened at one of the colleges as my university ] ( http://youtu.be/cotg4libnza ) . 
  only the victim in this case was male , and it was not consensual . 
  ( segment starts at 5:15 - ish ), 
  yeah . 
  i ca n't speak for the act , but the indicator laws for queensland are so damn complicated . 
  it 's really book wonder many people do n't follow it correctly . 
  how so ? 
   outside of the us, 
  no , just in europe . 
  in oceania and asia it was also called the last airbender . 
  possibly her writing style also improved with a greater level of experience . 
  i do n't actually know , i have n't read any of them . 
  it just seems like something that could have happened . 
  are you an attractive young woman ? 
  otherwise , no . 
  i use it all the time . 
  it 's not my damn fault proper english ca n't differentiate between singular and plural second person pronouns . 
  `` you 's '' is a contraction of `` you guys '' , and it adds functionality to the language that is n't there by itself . 
  ( not sure why you 'd put an e on the end of it , though . ), 
  i agree with you about bathroom , though . 
  that 's something you have at home , with a bath or shower in it . 
  restaurants do n't have bathrooms . 
  you think less of people for misusing a phrase that is widely misunderstood ? 
  that seems rather petty of you . 
  why not , instead , simply politely correct them and explain the correct usage of the phrase ? 
  haha you 're right . 
  i read it from that perspective and it gave me a good chuckle . 
  yeah did a great job with the lightning . 
  i especially like how it wraps around his right arm . 
  i would suggest blurring or fading the very edges of the lightning overlays , though . 
  particularly the leftmost edge of both lightnings coming out of each of his feet , it seems to suddenly stop , presumably because the layer stopped there . 
  yeah , skeumorphism is a word that took on a lot of popularity when apple started adding felt etc. 
  to ios . 
  most people today regard it as poor ui design , but it was pretty popular a while back . 
   i do n't feel it matched civ 4 for diplomacy and culture, 
  have you played with brave new world , the second major dlc expansion ? 
  i have n't , but supposedly it adds back in the detailed diplomacy and culture , in the same way gods and kings added back religion and espionage . 
  it 's worth looking at to see how it looks , but i 'd probably say no to the extra lightning . 
  ye is more than a bit antiquated . 
  `` whom '' is a * bit * antiquated . 
  ye is completely gone from the language at this point , and one would sound a complete prat using it -- never mind that most people would n't even know how to interpret it correctly . 
  this coming from someone who just used `` one '' as the impersonal pronoun . 
  i love ninite . 
  i just wish it gave you the ability to choose where the damn things install . 
  laurel lance from arrow . 
  no i 'm kidding , nobody likes her ( not to mention you hardly ever actually see her in court ) . 
  definitely someone from boston legal . 
   i think teens should be able to drive with their parents and parents only until the age of 18 . 
  this is kind of how it works in australia . 
  or , rather , in my state of queensland . 
  at 16 you can take a road rules theory test and if you pass you get your learner 's permit . 
  from there you can drive only under the supervision of someone with an open licence -- usually a parent or relative . 
  during this time you display an l plate in the front and rear windows so everyone knows you 're a learner . 
  once a year has passed and you have registered 100 hours of driving in a logbook ( whichever comes second ) you can take a driving test to get your provisional p1 licence , which allows you to drive by yourself but with [ many restrictions ] ( http://www.qld.gov.au/transport/licensing/driver-licensing/applying/provisional/restrictions/index.html ) . 
  here you must display a red p plate . 
  after a year you can take a hazard perception test and move on to your p2 licence , which has some lesser restrictions . 
  here you show green p plates . 
  then after two years you go onto an open licence . 
  the earliest you can get to an open licence is 20 , which means by this point you have had quite a lot of practical driving experience . 
  more like 23d2 . 
  the ib diploma * is * a high school diploma . 
  that might be true in some abstract technical semantic sense , but what 's the point ? 
  what is your `` high school diploma '' used for ? 
  the only thing i can think of is university admission , and the ib diploma is certainly enough for that ( in addition to sats and essays , or whatever other things us unis require ) . 
  certainly in any forms or surveys that ask for your level of education , having completed ib would be enough to tick `` high school graduate , diploma or the equivalent '' ( grabbed that from [ here ] ( http://www.snapsurveys.com/blog/5-survey-demographic-question-examples/ ) ) or similar answers . 
  so why make the distinction ? 
   otherwise good luck sharing the same external ip across all your devices, 
  is n't that what a router does , anyway ? 
  you have one external ip address : the ip of the router . 
  it forwards things as necessary to the internal ip addresses on your lan . 
  ( please do correct me if i 'm wrong , i 've been trying to learn about this stuff recently . ), 
  yes . 
  the water beads all * go to * different devices . 
  the end of the series was just straight out of the lord of the rings . 
  hero leaves the known world . 
  only in this case it did n't really feel necessary . 
  he just seemed to leave and the justification for it was completely unbelievable . 
  not to mention directed by michael gallagher from totally sketch . 
  i absolutely adored that book series . 
  i was in tears at the end of it . 
  it 's one of only two movies based on other material that i 've seen/read that i have n't watched , and the only one of those two from my childhood . 
  having heard it was bad devastated me , because i would * so * love to see a film version of it . 
  it would work so well if it was done properly . 
   if korra decides to stay in character , she 's first going to try fighting toph by punching elements around and literally using her head . 
  ftfy, 
  i 'm just wondering if there 's another person with the same name that he thinks it 's referring to ... 
  i think you underestimate the level of mobility afforded by a set of plate armour . 
  the reason it was left out is simple . 
  the scouring of the shire showed off the development of merry and pippin . 
  how they had both become competent soldiers and leaders during their time with the rohirrim/gondor .
