  you came across as a dick . 
  i know that 's the only reason i bothered responding at all . 
  i 've had them in heaps of subjects . 
  in primary school they were used in the standardised maths and language tests , in highschool i remember having multiple choice in science , foreign languages ( although that did n't use omr ) , and maths . 
  in university , i 'm studying engineering , and have had multiple choice in one software engineering exam and in an materials engineering exam . 
  in each case here , these were the * only * exams in their respective courses , however a lot of the total grade was made up of more practical work . 
  i 've never had it used in standard maths exams with normal problems . 
  it 's always been for specific extra-curricular tests with questions designed such that if you can work out the method , you 'll be able to easily get the correct answer . 
  very hard questions , but ones designed specifically for multiple choice . 
  i agree that in a standard maths exam with normal algebra , calculus , etc. 
  topics it would n't work well . 
  for examples , see if you can find an example ukmt paper ( my highschool used a british curriculum ) . 
  i 'm on mobile right now so i ca n't do it myself . 
  edit : yes i can , because it turned out to be much easier than i expected . 
  http://www.ukmt.org.uk/individual-competitions/senior-challenge/ they have last year 's paper available publicly on that page . 
  just a tip , the term is prime minister . 
  yeah , i saw the press freedom rankings last year or the year before , and that was my first time hearing about eritrea , too . 
  just a tip : not everyone is american ( and `` filling in bubbles on a scantron '' ) is overly simplifying taking multiple-choice questions . 
  you seem to have had bad experiences with multiple choice papers . 
  ones i 've had have typically involved quite a bit more thought and reasoning , but they 're usually set up so that you 're less likely to lose marks as a result of not working out the exact answer even though you had the right method and understanding of the question . 
  [ this page ] ( http://www.ukmt.org.uk/individual-competitions/senior-challenge/ ) has a link to the maths test that i have had experience with -- note that this was an extracurricular test that all students at my school took , but was completely unrelated to school grades . 
  [ this admittedly rather sketchy-looking site ] ( http://www.freeexampapers.com/#ib/physics/higher/2010 may ) is my experience with science multiple choice papers . 
  note that it goes from rote memorisation of facts ( e.g. 
  the size of a hydrogen nucleus ) to a number of more difficult tests of understanding ( e.g. 
  describing how diffractions change with changes in slit width and distance ) . 
  click on any of the papers marked `` paper 1 '' but not `` ms '' ( you may need to check the url bar , it should actually be a space , not a % 20 ) . 
  the advantage of multiple choice is that you can test basic understanding of topics with large numbers of questions , and mark them very quickly through the use of omr technology . 
  they should never be the sole basis of a student 's assessment , but combined with written exams and/or more practical work , they can be a good test . 
  i actually strongly believe in gardner 's theory of multiple intelligences , but as i see it , that is n't related to multiple choice papers . 
  it 's related to the idea in society that logical-mathematical intelligence is synonymous with `` intelligence '' . 
  but you can use multiple choice to test virtually any field of knowledge . 
  you just have to write good papers . 
  i do n't know , but as a huge fan of dvorak 's music * and * a dvorak typist , i 'm happy either way . 
  so long as people do n't confuse it with tech journalist john c. dvorak . 
  he can be entertaining , but he 's kinda a nutjob , too . 
  [ funny thing about arrows ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi_17jgedai ), 
  i do n't know about the others , but you should * really * get lastpass . 
  it 's completely free ( optional $ 1 per month fee for some extra features ) and makes it super easy to use really strong , pseudorandom passwords , instead of using the same password on every site you visit . 
  they support all major browsers on all major desktop operating systems -- mobile support is part of the premium subscription , but you can still access the web interface . 
  if you 're worried about nsa spying on them or whatever , you can rest assured that their security model is completely solid . 
  [ this video helps explain it . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/r9q_anb7pwg?t=52m44s ), 
  this is a very cleverly set up survey . 
  questions like, 
   the national curriculum needs to address christianity in a way that is fair and balanced and that explores its positive contribution to literature , philosophy , human rights , arts , science , education , healthcare and so many other areas of society . 
  are worded so that even a rational atheist will , if answering honestly , have to pick the answer that they agree with , but will obviously be interpreted in a completely pro-fundamentalist way . 
  the cost of the standard edition in australia is more than the cost of the premium edition in the us . 
  on the other hand , the dollar value of the monthly subscription is the same here as the us , which means it 's cheaper since the aussie dollar is worth less than the us dollar . 
  so if you play the game for two years , it actually works out cheaper here than the us . 
  edit : [ a graph of the costs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zlaje22.png ) over time . 
  all values in usd . 
  it costs $ 15 aud , but $ 14.99 usd . 
  the effective power of that is actually means it costs more in the us . 
  i suppose the point is that you need to compare things on equal ground . 
  if i really wanted an accurate comparison , i would use purchasing power parity , but that 's much harder to look up than the simple exchange rate . 
  the point is that in the actual value of the currency , us$ 1.00 is about au$ 1.10 . 
  therefore , the amount of money bethesda gets when i buy one month of subscription to the game is less in australia than when i buy one month in the us . 
  the lag was n't that bad . 
  i 'm in vietnam right now with far worse a connection than you would get in the city in australia , and the lag was definitely there , but not even close to game breaking . 
  i never once died because of it . 
  i played the beta this past weekend , and aside from bugs ( many quests were uncompletable due to things not appearing ) i was really impressed . 
  i honestly did n't expect to be impressed , but i really was . 
  i ca n't go into detail ( because of the nda ) , but the story was of equal quality to any elder scrolls game , and the gameplay worked fantastically . 
  the only weird thing was , of course , the fact that you 've got dozens of people doing the same quests . 
  as a friend of mine said on facebook :, 
   lol everyone is the chosen one, 
  the way combat works is that you can just join in on anyone 's fight , but both players can separately collect items ( and i assume each get the xp , but i did n't check ) . 
  the levelling system was nothing to write home about in terms of novelty , but i thought it was a very good system nonetheless . 
  i 'd love to go into more detail if i could , but i 've probably already overstepped the bounds of the nda , and my ingame username is similar ( but not the same ... someone managed to get my username before me ... ) to my reddit one . 
  i did indeed , and i went in expecting ... not much , really . 
  but i was really , really impressed by it . 
  it may end up being the first mmo i pay for in a long time ( was a runescape member from '04 to ' 06 , and played flyff for free from then until about ' 08 , not played any mmos since ) . 
  more detail [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/1xp752/gaming_in_australia_at_15x_the_price/cfdeaet ) . 
  never played wow or morrowind so i ca n't comment ( although i did play a character in the ebonheart pact , so most of my game time was spent * in * morrowind , and i have to say i loved the terrain ) . 
  it 's very similar to skyrim in a sort of general gameplay feel and world design , with a few key differences . 
  chief among these differences are the way magic and skills/levelling work , and i really enjoyed the lockpicking technique ( similar to oblivion , but a fair bit easier ) . 
  the crafting styles see some significant improvements , too . 
  i grew up with the books , so i loved them at the time . 
  but honestly , looking back at them , i have to say i do n't find them all that great . 
  they 're very good books , and they did wonders for getting so many kids into reading , but i just do n't think they 're really * great * books . 
  the movies are definitely worse , but again , they 're very good , i thought . 
  spoil it ? 
  i 've gotten this impression pretty firmly from what 's out on the tv show so far . 
  the best is when reddit , 4chan , and 9gag all arrive on the video at once . 
  that 's a little different , though . 
  i think most people agree with you there ; at least most people who have given it some thought . 
  he 's a well-written and ( in the show ) * extremely * well-acted character that adds to the world an amazing layer of evil . 
  but we still hate the cunt . 
  because that character is completely and utterly evil . 
  he 's on the same level as melkor , albeit without godly powers -- a fact which makes him more human , and actually seem more evil because of it . 
  thank you for putting a spoiler tag on that . 
  i do n't know why i decided it would be a good idea to hover over it . 
  i hate myself for that . 
  here 's my biggest issue with this survey . 
  i use lastpass to automatically generate passwords and automatically sign me in . 
  i do this for absolutely every account on every website that i visit * unless * it is one that i expect to need to regularly log into and sign out of on my mobile phone or tablet . 
  these accounts are the exception to the rule , though . 
  most are not like this . 
  i used the password i use for the exceptions in taking this survey , but it 's actually a poor representative of my usual password habits . 
  ( and it still got a score of 100 % ! ),
