  i think that in the us , since anyone is allowed to manufacture a gun ( afaik ) , banning of this process is the government over-reaching its bounds . 
  however , as someone from a country with more sane gun laws in general , the idea that someone could so easily illegally manufacture ( and it is illegal for someone to manufacture a gun like this here ) something deadly like this is * really * scary . 
   i have a reasonable knowledge of a wide range of music, 
  you 're apparently also * incredibly * modest . 
  i agree with / u/iglookid , you select a few ( maybe you could take suggestions of other people into account when making this selection ) , and then allow people to vote on them . 
  i agree with you on a compromise between 2 and 3 . 
  i also agree that a sticky post at the top would be the best . 
  make it really obvious to people visiting who do n't specifically know what to look for , and provide an easy reminder to people . 
  and i also agree that a piece-of-the-week is a little too frequent for me sometimes . 
  i 'd probably prefer piece-of-the-month , but i do actually think weekly is probably a better choice . 
  if it were monthly , i think you 'd find quite a lot of activity during the first week , and then it would die off until next month . 
  yeah , the first season is known to have ghosting issues . 
  as far as i knew , this was something that could n't be fixed , though . 
  is the netflix version sans-ghosting ? 
  but if they had a contract ( assuming the rep / u/jesterjared was talking to is correct ) , surely they ca n't just break it like that ? 
  i would guess the most likely scenario is that the rep was in error , but assuming he was n't , ca n't netflix sue them or something ? 
  you guys in the us can get dvds for $ 5 -- 10 ? 
  ** and ** you get netflix ? 
  holy fuck you guys are lucky ... 
  completely hypothetical and likely ridiculous , but if you valued the netflix service at $ 8.02 previously , and you value the ability to watch tla on demand at $ .04 , then you would now be paying more than you think netflix is worth . 
  hmm good point . 
  i never thought about that . 
  it 's not an area i know anything about , but if i did , i actually would be quite interested in that . 
  this from a person extremely anti-gun in general . 
  guns have no legitimate use other than killing . 
  if you want one for hunting or for shooting at a range , it should be legal to do that , but with proper licenses , and sensible rules regarding how it should be stored ( including keeping ammo and weapon separate ) . 
  it should never be legal to carry a gun in the street , much less one that 's concealed , and the types of guns you should own should be ones appropriate to hunting . 
  that means no automatics or semiautomatics . 
  i 'm not against all guns ever , i just think there need to be sensible regulation to keep people safe . 
   the government can also make it very difficult to obtain a 3d printer, 
  this is one of my biggest fears . 
  there are so many great potential * legal * uses for 3d printers . 
  i 'd hate to see them become difficult to get because a few idiots like this using them for illegal or ( in this case -- for now -- since it is currently legal in the us ) dangerous purposes . 
  sure , you do n't necessarily ban the file , i was responding to someone who said ' i do n't even understand how you can ban something from being `` printed '' . ', 
  he specifically mentioned the printing process , and i responded regarding that process . 
  holy hell , really ? 
  i never even knew franz ferdinand was * married * , let alone she was killed in the assassination . 
  to be honest , i think it makes sense to do the full ib diploma rather than a part of it . 
  a part of it is nice , the individual curricula are great , but nothing hugely better than other upper-secondary education systems ( some subjects are better , some are worse , at least comparing ib to the uk a-levels . 
  the same is probably true comparing it to ap in the us ) . 
  the biggest benefit of ib is in its rigour as a full programme , and in the tok , ee , and cas parts that make up the `` core '' . 
  that said , giving students the option to do a part of it is still a good thing . 
  have you tried doing practice papers ? 
  those should give you a good idea of what the final exams are like . 
  it 's also a brilliant way to practise for the exam and test your knowledge . 
  you say you 're a diploma student , but also doing non-ib subjects ? 
  holy hell . 
  have you ever considered maybe you 're just really , really smart , and you do n't know it ? 
  may i also ask , what are you 6 ib subjects ( and which are hl and sl ) , and also what extra subjects are you doing ? 
  actually , that 's exactly the point of ib . 
  it 's actually * far * harder than university , except ( so i 've heard ) for engineering and medical programmes . 
  i 'm in my first semester of engineering , and so far ib 's actually been way harder , but i expect uni will get tougher as i go on . 
  dude what the hell ? 
  your previous comment seemed as though you were unsure , then you get one comment ( that did n't even attempt to explain * why * ) and you 're all excited for the confirmation . 
  clearly you went into this looking for someone to validate your decision , and that 's fine . 
  it 's a natural human reflex . 
  but just know that nearly everyone who actually did the ib diploma * does * disagree with / u/captchawizard , and will attest to how grateful they are to have done ib . 
  wait , you 're doing ib with a gpa of 3.8 ? 
  you realise that 's a fail , right ? 
  or , if you 've weighted your ib scores to be in line with the normal us system , which classes do you take , and how far into ib are you ? 
  i was absolutely fine with my classes until the end of my first year , when things started getting stressful . 
  i did take some tough classes , though . 
  you do n't think it should be illegal to manufacture drugs ? 
  personally , i support the legalisation of marijuana and the decriminalisation of all other drugs , but i still believe the manufacturing of drugs ( other than marijuana ) should be illegal . 
  regarding guns , i really do n't want to get into that debate right now , but i do believe it should be illegal to manufacture them . 
  but all that is moot , since it * is * illegal to manufacture drugs today , and in most developed countries it is illegal to manufacture guns . 
  printing with a 3d printer should be prosecuted in exactly the same way as manufacturing through any other means . 
  if it is n't illegal to manufacture ( e.g. , guns in the us for personal use ) , it should n't be illegal to 3d print it . 
  if it * is * illegal to manufacture , then it should be illegal to 3d print it . 
  it 's a difficult question , and one that i think it is far too early to answer . 
  3d printing is still a relatively new concept , and we have n't seen enough real-world examples to start deciding its future . 
   take off your shoes ... 
  you do n't think that 's a stupidly over-the-top rule ? 
  i 've never had to take off my shoes anywhere , and i would be really pissed if i did . 
  * that * is what holds people up, 
   people with their head up their ass with 7 layers on and 6 laptops , coke bottles , and 20 lighters, 
  i agree with you about the coke bottles and lighters . 
  both of those are of course banned . 
  but i assume by `` 6 laptops '' , you 're being hyperbolic and referring to people with a heap of electronic devices . 
  when i 'm travelling with my family , we have a number of laptops , at least one tablet , 2 dslrs , at least one point and shoot camera , and multiple lenses , as well as smartphones/ipod touches . 
  even just myself , i have a laptop , smartphone , camera and 2 lenses . 
  occasionally it causes problems , and i get annoyed when i have to take the laptop out ( thankfully does n't happen everywhere ) , but for the most part they 're fine with it . 
  i would hate to be holding people up because i happen to have a lot of things when i travel . 
  if i get pulled up for this , i do n't complain , because it 's often just standard procedure , but that does n't mean i do n't get annoyed . 
  that said , i completely agree with you about `` do n't throw a hissy fit when they move you towards the scanner '' , and also that people who are doing something wrong , even by accident ( e.g. , attempting to bring water/lighters/other objects not allowed onto the plane with them ) , should just give in the item , apologise , and move on . 
  i know it is n't a popular opinion with many us redditors , but yes , your first paragraph exactly describes my stance . 
  i also do n't think guns should be about self defence . 
  there are far better ways of protecting yourself at home than having a weapon which makes it extremely easy to accidentally kill someone without thinking . 
  it 's much harder to accidentally kill your daughter sneaking home at 1am with a bat or a knife than it is with a gun . 
  i 'd much rather see a would-be thief hurt and arrested than killed , anyway . 
  but i recognise that we have different philosophies about this , and i 'm personally just glad i 'm not in the us . 
  thanks for keeping the discussion civil . 
  yeah , that 's kinda what i was expecting . 
  cheers . 
  fair enough , but do you agree that under the assumption manufacturing something is illegal , using a 3d printer to make that same thing should also be illegal ? 
  that was basically my main point before , but i did n't really get it across very well . 
  canada ( toronto is second-highest city in gross vis [ age of consent in the us ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ages_of_consent_in_north_america#state_laws ) . 
  30 states have the age set at 16 . 
  add to that the very non-trivial number of redditors from other countries ( listed below ) , and i do n't think making such a generalisation is very fair at all . 
  itors to reddit ) : 16 , but 14 and 15 year olds may consent with someone who is at most 5 years older than them : a 15 year old can have sex with a 20 year old consensually .
