  all of these done without a single word spoken to specifically state what it is you 're meant to feel . 
  and then you can add in lyrics to what is already an incredibly emotional piece , and they just serve to highlight that emotion even more . 
  beethoven 's 9th symphony , 4th movement , is a great example . 
  the music itself is clearly incredibly joyous , and then the words added joy and brotherhood just further that point . 
  conversely , scrumptious , you mentioned cohen 's diamonds in the mind as `` incredibly bleak '' . 
  i have to be honest , i absolutely love some of cohen 's music ( got ta be clich\u00e9d here , hallelujah 's one of my all-time favourites , though his version 's not my favourite ) , but this did n't do anything for me . 
  the words are pretty bleak , but the music was n't even remotely sad . 
  it was in a major key , for god 's sake !, 
  there 's literally not a single minor chord in it ( according to [ this ] ( http://www.yourchords.com/53725/leonard-cohen/diamonds-in-the-mine-chords/ ) and other chord sheets i came across ) . 
  that 's not to say modern music ca n't have emotions . 
  i 've cried to hallelujah more than once , and i ca n't help but tear up when i hear piano man . 
  but i just feel that a lot of the time lyrics are used as a crutch , and these examples are exceptions , not the rule . 
  in that case it makes even * more * sense . 
  you 're paying for it either way , but if you do n't use it , that 's more profit to them . 
  that 's assuming / u/dancingquoll 's conjecture is correct . 
  i have n't got a stance either way . 
  my only guess is that this person is in their second year of high school . 
  but that does n't make sense , because to my knowledge in america they have a special word for that , and it 's not a number . 
  could be wrong , maybe he 's just taking the piss . 
  ouch man . 
  but how come you 're only looking at past papers now ? 
  that seems like poor planning . 
  does n't make up for the fact that you had a shitty teacher that did n't do his job right , though . 
  i had the shittiest teacher my first year of ib , but thankfully the second year we had a great teacher , after the first one left the school , and we basically learnt the entire syllabus from the beginning . 
  i ended up with a 6 , which i was pretty happy with . 
  best of luck to you !, 
  i saw it on the 25th april . 
  last time i checked , that 's a little under 2 weeks . 
  definitely was n't an advanced screening . 
  i do n't have the money for that kind of thing . 
  edit : ah , turns out [ most of the world had a release date of 24 -- 26 april ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1300854/releaseinfo?ref_=tt_ov_inf ) , but apparently the us ( and a few others ) were n't released until early may . 
  got ta say , that 's really odd ... 
  your opinion . 
  but when you compare it to the australian ones , which with a ground are less than half the size , and without a ground are three quarters of that , it starts to make a big difference , in my opinion . 
  was expecting bender . 
  was pleasantly surprised , nonetheless . 
  indeed . 
  in this example , a smart person would never get the large , but that does n't mean they would always get 3 smalls . 
  maybe you actually only want/need one or two smalls . 
  they might be tempted into getting 3 because it 's a `` better deal '' , but a smart consumer would n't . 
  congrats on being one of today 's 10,000 ( as / u/thrawn21 said ) . 
  but blts are definitely not an exclusively american thing . 
  i know i 've come across it frequently in australia , and i 've seen them throughout asia , too . 
   3 custard creams/bourbons, 
  is that what a biscuit is to you poms ? 
  i always assumed it was the same to you as it is to us down under . 
  the proper name for what yanks call a cookie . 
  thanks !, 
  somehow this helped explain it for me . 
  i was thinking of a bunch of things , none of which was washington . 
  ( as a non-american , i almost never think of washington d.c. as being just `` d.c. '' , and definitely never without the full stops . ), 
  i thought that they were being given ownership of the company dc , i thought of direct current , heck , i even thought da capo , a musical term meaning `` play from the beginning '' . 
  so thanks . 
  it 's * the * common name . 
  about 40 % of viet people are named nguy\u1ec5n . 
  yeah i knew that , i did n't initially see * anything * wrong with it , until i read the comments below his pointing out there was something weird about how he 'd worded it . 
  then i started going through what i mentioned in my last comment , and it was n't until i saw your comment that i actually got it . 
  actually , not european here :p, 
  we also have full stops and metric , and most people seem to say `` haych '' . 
  got ta say , i was taught `` aych '' growing up , and i far prefer that . 
  pronounce the letter in words where it 's meant to be pronounced ( e.g. 
  ` herb ' ) , but not when reading the letter name . 
  you missed their point . 
  mietner was german , but the third reich stripped jewish people of their german citizenship . 
  thus , because she was a jew ( and specifically one of german origin ) , she was unable to received the nobel prize . 
  this is a universal thing , as far as i know . 
  i 've heard the term `` the city '' used to refer to the centre of the city / cbd many times , all over the place . 
  i 'm euroskeptical ( thanks for teaching me a new word ! ), 
  because of a couple of reasons . 
  one is what i learnt in high school economics regarding anticompetitive practices such as subsidies and restrictions on imports ( the common agricultural policies ) , resulting in dumping . 
  i remember learning of a specific example where the health & safety standards for important a certain food were increased arbitrarily to prevent/decrease imports of a certain fruit from many south american farmers . 
  the other main reason regards the technology industry , and a number of overzealous policies/practices/rulings . 
  for example , microsoft is still being forced to provide users of its product with options to use other products ( the browser ballot ) . 
  the criticism of microsoft in the 90s was warranted , but its continuation today is completely unwarranted . 
  similarly , recently apple was forced to remove the mac pro from stores in europe because of a new bogus law requiring computer fans to have shrouds over them for safety . 
  finally , this does n't have so much to do with the eu per se , but many individual european countries have ridiculous laws in other areas of technology , for example in france , news agencies are n't allowed to mention their facebook or twitter pages , because it 's seen as advertising . 
  in germany , there are too many examples to count , but perhaps requiring google to give users an opt-out of street view is the most obvious ( remembering that these are photos taken from a public location : there 's no privacy invasion ) . 
  in italy , youtube executives were given 6 month suspended sentences for a video that showed some kids being bullied was uploaded ( completely ignoring the fact that youtube does n't , and ca n't be expected to , analyse every video uploaded ) . 
  that same video was taken down very shortly after a request was sent in , and was used in punishing the bullies . 
  just so it 's clear , this comes from someone outside of europe ( and that includes the uk ) , and i 'm actually completely for the * idea * of the european union , and it has a huge number of benefits . 
  i just hate the eu as it currently stands . 
  this explains tasmania . 
  ok , take his dice example . 
  the probability of rolling a 5 is 1/6 . 
  say i bet a large sum of money that it will roll a 5 . 
  i roll the die and it lands on a 3 . 
  now , i happen to have a time machine , so i go back and change my bet so i win if it lands on a 3 . 
  the probability of it landing on a 3 is still 1/6 , because of how probability works . 
  however , i know it will land on a 3 , so i 'm completely safe in my bet . 
  we need to all get together to form a stem electorate . 
  i agree . 
  it feels to me like tv is going through a golden age at the moment , especially compared to the current state of cinema . 
  we 've got such great shows as sherlock , game of thrones , and breaking bad . 
  if you want something a little lighter , modern family is just spectacular . 
  downton abbey was brilliant , even if it is heading in a soap opera-like direction lately . 
  it feels to me as though there 's far more amazing television around now than there was in the last two decades . 
  have an upvote for specifying the us office , as opposed to the original office . 
  that said , i disagree with your list , and especially that one . 
  * in my opinion * the us office is absolutely awful ( whereas the original was an absolute classic ) . 
  there are so many great shows i 've missed off .
