   i would suppose that if you were indian and you said ` classical music ' it would be a shortened form of ` indian classical music ', 
  perhaps , but that would depend . 
  given the current nature of society being quite global , it would depend on the specific indian 's exposure to music . 
  i imagine an indian who has studied western classical music might use the term classical music to refer to that , but perhaps one who has studied hindustani music would refer to that as classical music . 
  i ca n't really say . 
  and indeed , your distinction between classical music and non-classical music of different regions is an important one . 
  it 's worth noting that genres in general have a tendency of being quite flexibly and poorly defined , and deciding what counts as `` classical '' music , even if you limit that term to western classical music , is very difficult . 
  i do n't find it hard to believe that there 's a similarly fine line between indian classical music and more pop/folk music from india . 
  by the way , i do n't know very much about indian classical music , but it certainly sounded to me like you play very well . 
  it was kinda weird hearing the jhor without tabla , though !, 
  fun fact , monty python originally wanted to use real horses , but their budget did n't stretch that far . 
  i think we can all agree it worked out for the better . 
  very good , simple survey . 
  hope you get responses that are useful . 
  also , please share the results when you 're done , i 'm sure we 'd all love to see them . 
  i did statistics and probability . 
  what was weird/annoying is that neither the students nor the teacher * wanted * to do that option . 
  it was basically chosen for us by the head of department . 
   before 2013 it was somewhat possible to get away with not studying development at all and only focussing on other units such as micro/macro, 
  can confirm , that 's more or less what we did at my school . 
  we did cover development a fair bit , but our teacher specifically told us it was n't important or worth revising because of this . 
  are you talking about the video ? 
  because i can still access it . 
  where are you located ? 
   the students who do n't know how to speak english well can often read and write english fairly well . 
  this has certainly not been my experience . 
  in my experience ( i lived overseas , in korea and vietnam , from ages 10 -- 18 ) , it 's the other way around ; people can often speak the language just fine , but when it comes to writing things they have all sorts of problems . 
  that sounds similar to how i am with korean . 
  i can read the characters and pronounce them , but i have no idea what words i 'm saying most of the time . 
  in case you 're serious , dress rehearsals for orchestral are n't actually done in dress . 
  it 's basically a full rehearsal through the pieces , along with any transitions etc. 
   following repeated demands by the australian taxation office ( ato ) for the payment of taxes , on 2 december 1977 the province officially declared war on australia . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  i wonder what went through the minds of australian officials when they heard that . 
  some information more relevant to the taxation :, 
   hutt river residents are still required to lodge income tax forms but are classed by the ato as non-residents of australia for income tax purposes ; thus income earned within the province is exempt from australian taxation . 
  [ 2 ] [ 6 ] the province displays documents supporting that no tax is paid but the ato can not verify the provinces tax status as they ca n't by law comment on the affairs of individuals . 
  the province levies its own income tax of 0.5 % on financial transactions by foreign companies registered in the province and personal accounts . 
  while the principality does not pay taxes , the australian government 's current official position is that it is nothing more than a private enterprise operating under a business name . 
  what google 's doing here is , i assume , similar to what they and other companies do throughout the world . 
  for example , google 's and apple 's european operations use ireland in a similar way to what you describe . 
  doing this is n't illegal , it 's finding loopholes in the law . 
  if governments want to stop this , they need to change their laws so that those loopholes do n't exist . 
   in a time of low inflation , low unemployment , low interest rates , and a triple a rated economy ( typically a scenario where the government of the day heading into a 3rd term would easily be returned ) - the public is about to vote in the most negative opposition in a long time . 
  this needs to be spread around far more . 
  i 'm a little confused about how this is set up . 
  to me it seems that there are two points where , if either of them is destroyed , the entire field construct would go down . 
  i 'm referring to the two east and west portals , `` las casas acuzar '' and `` kamay ni hesus garden park '' , the latter of which is only 17 km from lucena city , which according to wikipedia has a quarter of a million people . 
  perhaps i 'm looking at it incorrectly , though . 
  i have to agree with him . 
  your post was very misleading . 
  i had assumed after reading your post that if you get a loan of $ 20,000 , you pay back $ 20,000 . 
  that simply is n't true . 
  the amount you pay back rises with inflation . 
  of course , it 's true that the real amount you pay does n't increase ( using the term `` real '' in its economic sense ) , but the nominal amount * does * , and saying `` my $ 20,000 loan i have from the government does n't change '' without specifying that you 're talking about real costs is misleading , because nominally it does change . 
  but i 'm not being pedantic . 
  when i first read your comment my instinctive reaction was that the dollar value stayed constant . 
  do n't blame me for your original post being ambiguous at best and misleading at worst . 
  i would recommend against it , but at the same time i would n't write proper prose . 
  write in sentences and paragraphs , but do n't worry about it flowing like a proper reasoned essay . 
  which kinda looks like pies . 
  so if you stick to your principles , you get pie ? 
  you can use the \\ as an escape character to let you start the line with a number . 
  the above was written :, 
  anyway , i have a similar story . 
  i was made to learn piano from a young age , but started enjoying music a lot more as i went older . 
  for me it was n't so much a sudden realisation as a gradual transition . 
  ( 19 now ), 
  it was specifically * because * you said you do n't have to pay any interest on the loan . 
  i do n't know what the convention is in economics , but my understanding , and what felt intuitive to me ( having studied economics in high school , but no further ) , was that claiming you pay `` no '' interest means you pay back the same nominal value as you borrowed . 
  perhaps my understanding of how economists do things is wrong , but my basic point was that to a layperson ( such as myself ) your comment was at the very least ambiguous . 
  very confused about how this relates to mothers ' day in any way . 
  ignoring that , wowowowowowow . 
  this is awesome !, 
  any chance we can get a score ? 
  yep , a number of the fields have now fallen , and one of them has been left as a ghost . 
  i do n't know where you live , but take a look at the philippines . 
  there are a heap of portals in and around manilla ( i mean , take a look at just [ this one tiny section ] ( http://www.ingress.com/intel?ll=14.581821,120.978025&amp;z=17 ) ) , as well as a number scattered around the rest of the country . 
  i 'd hardly call the area uncontested . 
  it took 19 hours ( according to [ this ] ( http://guywyant.info/ingress/control/ ) ) to take down one of the key portals . 
  considering they deliberately placed the key portals well outside of major cities , that 's a pretty quick turnaround . 
  i 've wondered about this myself . 
  my initial reaction was the same as yours : that counting areas covered twice seems like a bad idea . 
  but i started thinking about it , and realised that perhaps it does make sense . 
  maybe a single field does n't quite gain control of a person completely , and so multiple fields over the same area gain a stronger influence over the people in the area . 
  i 'm not sure which side of things i agree with , but it does at least work as a potential counter-argument/explanation . 
  i 've wondered about this myself . 
  my initial reaction was the same as yours : that counting areas covered twice seems like a bad idea . 
  but i started thinking about it , and realised that perhaps it does make sense . 
  maybe a single field does n't quite gain control of a person completely , and so multiple fields over the same area gain a stronger influence over the people in the area . 
  i 'm not sure which side of things i agree with , but it does at least work as a potential counter-argument/explanation . 
   i 've wondered about this myself . 
  my initial reaction was the same as yours : that counting areas covered twice seems like a bad idea . 
  but i started thinking about it , and realised that perhaps it does make sense . 
  maybe a single field does n't quite gain control of a person completely , and so multiple fields over the same area gain a stronger influence over the people in the area . 
   i 'm not sure which side of things i agree with , but it does at least work as a potential counter-argument/explanation . 
  just copy-pasting my comment from directly above . 
  i just did , and wow , that 's a lot . 
  in comparison , the philippines have much less , but i still do n't think you can call it sparse . 
  in any case , i do n't think that has much bearing on how great an achievement this was for the filipino agents .
