  if you * did * , and instead the president is directly elected by all the people , then it would become av , which is essentially stv with a number of available places equal to 1 . 
  i 'd say give it a go . 
  i was n't a fan at first , but it really grew on me . 
  while season 2 got pretty weak in parts , season 3 was , to me , better than the first season of the original . 
  but even if you just ca n't get into it at all , definitely watch korra s02e07 and e08 . 
  they 're entirely set 10,000 years ago , and you get to see the first avatar . 
  it 's in a much more traditional type setting . 
  those two episodes were just amazing . 
  well , apart from the fact that he used a lower case u , yeah . 
  `` up '' should have been 01010101 01110000 . 
  pocket casts is one that heaps of people always recommend for android and ios , and i can confirm that on those platforms it is absolutely * incredible * . 
  i 've not tried it , but they have a new web app version of it that 's probably worth trying out . 
  [ here ] ( https://play.pocketcasts.com ) . 
  that would n't explain why australia , as well as most of eurasia , also uses electricity in the 220-240 v range , but does n't have that weird rule . 
  it can also be used for dramatic effect . 
  * to bodly go where no man has gone before, 
  * to go boldy where no man has gone before, 
  the first clearly has a much stronger impact . 
  a crotchet is a single beat in 4/4 time . 
  half a crotchet is a quaver . 
  nope . 
  i think my favourite example is - aient , the third person suffix for the imperfect tense ( e.g. , ils mangeaient ) . 
  all those letters are basically silent . 
   the first season in atla was very weak apart from a select couple of episodes, 
  imo it is definitely the weakest of the atla seasons , but was still vastly better than korra seasons 1 and 2 . 
  but with season 3 of korra , the new show finally managed to come up with something that was better than some of the original . 
  yeah , you 're correct . 
  vietnam was , for a time , a colony of france . 
  they were the ones that formalised the vietnamese writing system using the latin alphabet ( though they based their work on that of previous portuguese missionaries ) . 
   neither the credentials or the testing, 
   osx , windows , and linux are all perfectly fine operating systems in there own way . 
  i do hate to do this , but we 've got muphry 's law in action here , so i could n't avoid it . 
  the words you 're looking for are `` neither ... nor '' , `` os x '' ( with a space ) , and `` their '' . 
  also , grey 's name should be capitalised . 
  as for the theory/hypothesis thing . 
  i 'm fully aware of their difference in science , and i 'll use them as such in that context . 
  in common language , however , the terms are completely interchangeable , and my usage was not at all incorrect . 
  as for the actual point you were making , i agree . 
  the application availability is key . 
  it 's a big part of the reason i ca n't imagine not using * both * os x and windows ; there are just too many great applications that are only available on one of the platforms . 
  i was confused about why everyone was talking about meat , and also why a triple is such a bad thing . 
  then i realised in america , wendy 's is a burger place . 
  here in australia , we have a chain called wendy 's that sell icecreams and shakes ( as well as a few other snacky foods , like chips and doughnuts ) . 
  edit : i dropped a bracket . 
  alt codes stopped working for me a few months ago for some reason :(, 
  makes it hard to do proper em and en dashes on windows . 
  i love the ribbon in the office programmes , but i 've yet to see it done in a way that i liked elsewhere . 
  i just wish windows ' `` help '' menus had the ability to search other menus for commands the way it can in os x. 
  just a heads up , as you go through the show , you might be tempted to look some stuff up , because you were unclear on things . 
  ** do not do this . 
  i did , and it spoiled some major parts of the show for me later on . 
  i figured it would n't have mattered , because chuck 's not the kind of show where spoilers are going to matter too much . 
  boy was i wrong . 
  if you want some clarification , instead , perhaps come back here and ask us . 
  anyway , hope you enjoy it . 
  chuck 's an absolutely incredible show . 
  i only watched it for the first time myself at the beginning of last month . 
  definitely got ta do a rewatch over christmas . 
  ah cool . 
  i do n't use it , so i ca n't comment . 
  my only regular experience with it is sibelius , and i 've briefly tried some techsmith products , the former of which is an awful experience , and the latter is just lackluster . 
  i wan na try that just to say i 've tried it . 
  i would definitely prefer that one . 
  i figure if they come directly to this page by bookmark ( or just leaving the tab open permanently ) and avoid the main page as much as possible , they 'll probably be safe . 
  i know i 'll come back to this thread occasionally to see if they 've updated . 
  oh right !, 
  yeah , that was really clever . 
  damn it , you 're right . 
  yeah , touching probably was n't the best word for it . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'm as far from a patriot as you 'll get ( seriously , just * fuck * a lot of things about aussie culture ) , and i have zero interest in hallowe'en being a thing here . 
  shitty little brats going around asking for free lollies ( or , god forbid , `` candies '' ) , and thinking it 's okay to vandalise your house if you do n't ? 
  yeah , that 's absolutely not something i 'm okay with . 
  add to that the fact that yeah , it has never been a part of australian culture , and it 's purely something people want to do because they 've seen it in movies from america , and the fact that our climate in late october is completely unsuited to it anyway , and yeah , you can see why many australians do n't want it coming here . 
  on a personal note , i do n't want yet another occasion that i have to tell people `` no , i 'm not going to be dressing up for that '' , because costumes are cool and all , but you 're never getting me into one . 
  few weeks ? 
  took me from saturday one week till sunday the next to watch it on my first go . 
  fair point there . 
  it definitely stayed in my mind a lot longer than most shows do . 
  i did n't know that . 
  thanks !, 
  chrome basically does . 
  they 've forked the project , but it has n't been long enough that there are any significant changes yet . 
  vaya used to be great . 
  i 'm grandfathered in to one of their old plans , and i think it 's seriously the best plan available in australia . 
  these days , though , i 'd probably recommend amaysim . 
  yeah this season i see merlyn more as being an antihero , possibly turning into a secondary villain at the very end . 
  market cap is a more common metric when talking about `` biggest company in the world '' . 
  by that metric , apple is not only the largest tech company , [ they 're currently the largest company full stop ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_public_corporations_by_market_capitalization ) . 
  the old classic of the riddle of the sphinx is one possibility . 
  another possibility is something like the two guards puzzle , or '' [ the hardest logic puzzle ever ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_hardest_logic_puzzle_ever ) '' . 
  just because of your pedantry in that other thread , i feel i should point out that the term is actually `` hanged '' , not `` hung '' . 
  in electrical and software engineering ( and related fields ) it 's quite common to use j as root ( -1 ) . 
  supposedly in the case of electrical , it 's because i would be confused with current . 
  not sure why it is with software , unless it 's just been handed down from electrical . 
  [ imgur link ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gzbor99.png ) , since two copyright disclaimers and a link to download a pdf is a bit much considering how much space the actual thing takes up visually . 
  [ also known as the two doors puzzle ] ( http://www.coolmath4kids.com/math_puzzles/d1-twodoors.html ) . 
  i believe it 's quavers and semiquaver triplets , not crotchets and quaver triplets . 
  i 'm astounded that there 's still basically just one pdf of the player 's handbook available out there , and that it 's in black and white . 
  tl ; dr : things moving faster have time move more slowly for them than it does for things that are not moving .
