  thanks for making it !, 
  2 days `` exclusion zones '', 
  my party 's goliath barbarian likes to grab doors off of their hinges and use them as makeshift shields and props . 
  he once slid down some stairs with his door . 
  2 days `` speech '', 
  i have a big rant that i usually give here for why zimmer is a massively overrated composer , but i 'm on mobile so i 'll stick to a summary . 
  zimmer 's music is good , but it lacks a lot of the musical depth that williams puts into his leitmotifs . 
  my favourite example is anakin 's theme from star wars 1 , which is light and innocent , but has hints of vader 's theme . 
  zimmer rarely has the same level of complexity williams reaches on a regular basis . 
  his scores are also a huge amount less emotionally fulfilling . 
  a good example is the theme from the recent superman film . 
  it starts timid and weak , fitting the titular character 's beginnings . 
  it then is clearly meant to build to a much more epic and heroic sound , but it never really feels like it reaches that emotional epic climax that it 's supposed to . 
  he just fails to have as much emotion as some of williams ' scores have . 
  as for williams scores being `` constant trumpet flare '' , there are heaps of counterexamples . 
  the amount of variety in williams ' work is incredible . 
  take a look at his typical heroic scores like star wars and jurassic park , but then listen to amistad ( dry your tears , afrika is just amazing ) or catch me if you can and you see that he 's a much more versatile composer than zimmer , who 's pretty good at what he does , but what he does is nearly always the same . 
  tl ; dr music geek rants much more than he expected to about film music composers, 
  yes he was antisemitic , but that does n't affect the quality of his music or his ability to judge other music in the least ( with the exception of his comments on the music of jewish composers like mendelssohn , since these will be coloured by the racism ) . 
  where are you ? 
  i 've never come across smarties in sea or ea , and lived in the region for 8 years . 
  it 's a shame , because i like them much more than m&m s , which are very readily available . 
  they also have weird milky ways that are more like mars bars . 
  the vote count has been pretty favourable thus far . 
  i find i tend to get pretty positive reactions when i give my opinions about zimmer 's music , if i give justifications and examples . 
  the celeste is a fantastic instrument !, 
  it 's basically a glockenspiel that 's played by a keyboard . 
  there 's a good video on youtube describing it and some uses of it . 
  it 's also used in dance of the sugar plumb fairy by tchaikovsky , and in neptune from holst 's the planets . 
  my second favourite underrated instrument , behind the duduk . 
  i must admit i 've not yet seen inception , though i certainly must get around to it . 
  google glockenspiel , you 'll almost certainly know what it is . 
  it 's like a xylophone , but metal . 
  strictly speaking xylophones are always wooden . 
  so if you imagine taking a metal xylophone and attaching hammers to a small piano keyboard that will hit said glock , that 's a celeste . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/qsx9ndwbd_w ) is the video i was talking about . 
  really interesting stuff imo . 
  the duduk is harder to explain , especially if you do n't know what an oboe is . 
  but you 've certainly heard it many many times . 
  it 's an armenian folk instrument that 's used all the time in film and television music for an eerie or mysterious sound , or just an airy one . 
  it 's heaviest uses are in battlestar galactica and in avatar : the last airbender ( though in this case it 's digitally altered to sound like a brass insrrument ) , where it is used to represent the `` tsungi horn '' that is played in the show . 
  big list of its uses in its [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duduk ) . 
  i actually have a similar problem with williams ' use of vader 's theme in the prequels . 
  i find he uses it a little too explicitly too early . 
  would 've been nice to have anakin 's theme subtly turn darker with strong hints of vader 's theme whenever anakin seems to make a dark side choice , but only hear vader 's theme full blown when he is named darth vader by darth sidious . 
  possibly even hold it off until the very end when he gets the suit . 
  playing musical theatre has been some of my absolute most enjoyable musical experiences . 
  there 's always so much fun to be had . 
  oh believe me , i know . 
  i 'm a classic fan first and foremost . 
  film soundtracks are a secondary interest . 
  yeah , he borrows a lot of his motifs from classical music . 
  but there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  people have been doing that forever . 
  the first movement of beethoven 's moonlight bears a striking resemblance to a funeral march from a mozart opera ( indeed beethoven 's notebooks show sketches of it ) , just as one example . 
  but what williams * does * with the themes is what 's special . 
  the way he uses leitmotifs reprinting characters , places , or ideas , and how he merges them together or alters them as different things are going on on screen . 
  that 's what 's awesome about williams ' scores . 
  wow that actually does sound very clever . 
  it 's used as diegetic music , is it ? 
  i 've seen at more stuff online talking about how great zimmer is than i have for williams -- at least among non-musicians . 
  would you care to elaborate on that ? 
  right but you 're missing the point . 
  the themes are n't what makes his music good or interesting . 
  it 's what he does with the themes . 
  anyway , a lot of it is borrowed from elsewhere , but i certainly would n't say basically all of them . 
  none of his less conventional ones are ( like the aforementioned catch me if you can ) , and i ca n't think of where he got the harry potter theme from , or jurassic park , just to name the first couple that come to mind . 
  the way i was taught , metallophone is a much broader group of instruments that consists of any metal tuned bars . 
  glocks would be included in this , as would vibes and most gamelan instruments . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know . 
  if you could link a particular song and timestamp i could take a look for you . 
  my googling did n't find anything in particular . 
  as much as i loved nolan 's batman films , i felt that the mood in the new superman film was way too dark for the superman character , which meant that zimmer 's music was always going to be inappropriate in my mind -- though at least appropriate to the style the director wanted . 
  crimson tide is a good example of zimmer 's sameness , for me . 
  i watched it at a time that i was far less familiar with zimmer 's work . 
  i did n't know who had scored it as i watched , but i was astonished at how similar it sounded to pirates of the caribbean , so it did n't take me long to figure out who it was . 
  took me much longer to recognise viggo mortensen . 
  i 'm not sure why that matters . 
  sure , we know he 's going to be vader , but that does n't mean the music should n't reflect the characters as they are at that point in the film . 
  and yeah , i 'd keep the use of vader 's theme ( not counting its use in the credits , since that 's meant to be looking forward ) completely away from phantom menace , and only hint at it as anakin slowly turns to the dark side . 
  it would just feel so much more meaningful to me if it evolved directly with the character . 
  i must say that 's rather odd . 
  the vast majority of trained musicians i 've seen discuss this feel the same way about zimmer . 
  i would n't call glocks bells . 
  if i hear bells in an orchestral context , my first thought would be [ these ] ( http://orchestral.premier-percussion.com/products_pictures/orchestral%20series%20chimes.jpg ) , and my second thought would be , well , actual church bell-like things . 
  yeah , that comment came across extremely passive aggressive . 
  the commenter is either not a native english speaker , or a prick . 
  5-6 hours a day for two weeks straight . 
  as an aussie , fuck eb games . 
  the reason i really like the command-qwerty layout on os x is that it puts the most common shortcuts , including cmd-c , cmd-v , and cmd-z in really easy to reach spots . 
  makes it really convenient . 
  in the more general sense , i personally do n't feel the need to use something like this tool . 
  wow that really is awesome !, 
  thanks for the link . 
  it 's been way too long since i 've listened to sibelius 's symphonies . 
   a super person right bere, 
  huh ? 
   i absolutely love when an elected official has the balls to stand up and respond to a question , `` i do not know , but i 'm willing to listen to experts on it and decide based on those arguments . '', 
  i 've seen this approach a lot here in australia , only they then have an inquiry and go ahead and push their ideology regardless of the results , or appoint someone with an obvious bias to run the inquiry . 
  my video 's rendering .
