  yeah , i definitely think cha is the `` strongest '' of the weak saves at the moment . 
  but i mean , if that 's what you wanted to do , you could have just set the dns to 127.0.0.1 , or edited the hosts file to block their favourite websites , or something . 
  at least in my mind , reading the first one , i was thinking it could be used to have a basic mount , which is n't * too * much of a problem ( as i said , i would have preferred the other options be buffed than this one be nerfed ) , but it did seem stronger than the other options . 
  what sort of design paradigm will you be using ? 
  i 've never looked at oota . 
  perhaps it 's just the specific spells , monsters , and planes that i 've been mostly looking at , but it definitely felt to me like charisma was more useful than strength , in terms of saving throws . 
  both are clearly better than intelligence , though , i 'm sure we can agree . 
  hey , sorry , but this violates post rule 1 . 
   the content has to be complete in terms of material presented . 
  it does n't have to be perfect or balanced but it does have to be fleshed out . 
   * we want this to be the place where a dm can go just before playing and find something that will be useful . 
  if you want to seek advice you should post in the latest arcana forge megathread . 
  i would also say that investigation can be used to make deductions based on what you have found . 
  the other problem is that you also added a thing about them not being tame , which , at least in my mind , makes them unviable as mounts . 
  i 'd recommend against the `` take the higher of '' option . 
  it does n't seem very idiomatic to the 5e design ethos . 
  allow the animal to `` help '' the player ( or vice versa , if they prefer ) instead . 
   as a newb that seemed as an official posting area or something, 
  hmm , interesting . 
  could you explain exactly why this is ? 
  was there some wording in the arcana forge description that left you feeling unwelcome , or something ? 
  on the homebrewery , you should be using < h2  to represent the normal titles like the name of your race , class , etc. 
  < h1  is there in case someone wants to write a whole new chapter . 
  additionally , races generally come with a quote that represents something important about that race , usually from the point of view of a member of the race . 
  you do n't necessarily need to write something new . 
  if you 've based it off of something , consider just lifting a quote from them . 
  is this based on harbinger from mass effect , for example ? 
  as long as you do n't intend to sell this , you 're probably fine doing that . 
  incidentally , did you mean to name it `` harbringer '' , or should it be harbinger ? 
  the latter is the real word meaning `` one who announces the coming of another '' , and is pronounced `` har-bin-jer '' . 
  the former , if that is what you intend , is completely made up . 
   ultimately i 'd like to have no above the line, 
  this is a terrible idea . 
  absolutely insane . 
  when you 've got 70 + candidates , even numbering a large fraction of those is impractical . 
  i do n't know exactly how above the line votes will work under this new reformed system , but if it 's something like [ the system i 've proposed in the past ] ( / r/cgpgrey/comments / 2kidd7/footnotes _ for_pitak_stv / cllzia9 ) ( only maybe without the mixed above and below the line voting ) , then it 's a * very * good solution . 
  it 's unreasonable to expect people to decide how to place dozens of people , but if they can rank the * parties * in their preferred order , that 's a perfectly fine solution . 
  it does away with gvts , which were the real problem as they lead to votes being distributed to places not explicitly decided upon by the voter , not the basic concept of above-the-line voting and grouping a vote for a single party all into one . 
  i did n't know richard stallman did itgs . 
  as a side note , i do n't think netflix * does * require non-free software . 
  it works using html5 video , which as far as i 'm aware is an open standard . 
  oh wow , he had the most amazing eyes . 
  but wow , this was * not * the happy ending the the story i was hoping for :(, 
  my condolences . 
  which is to be expected in a state parliament , where there are substantially fewer candidates as a result of the lesser power that the state parliament has . 
  if you 're in a country that does n't speak english ( on holiday , for example ) , it 'll stop google from automatically putting everything in a foreign language . 
  beyond that , not much . 
   everything else can and should be an archetype or prestige class, 
  i do n't agree . 
  there are quite a few very niche ideas that * should n't * be produced by wizards as base classes , but which fundamentally need to be full classes . 
  the recent popularity of avatar-based classes is a great example of this . 
  a variation of the elemental monk might * seem * like a decent idea at first , but it really , * really * is n't . 
  it 's * at best * equivalent to a one-third caster , when a bender needs to feel much closer to a full caster , but with a more of a close-quarters kind of feel to it , which throws the sorcerer as a base out . 
  hmm ... i 've seen a number of attempts at creating homebrew classes for various editions of d&d , and all of them have been fairly lacking . 
  obviously , if you 're building an entire new * game * on top of the d20 system , it 's going to fare quite a bit better than those would , but i tend to think that a class-based system just is n't ideal . 
  i mean , you obviously want restrictions based on choice of element , but beyond that i think the `` gain specific abilities as you level up in your class '' paradigm * might * not be the best-suited to playing a bender . 
  still , whatever you come up with , i 'd love if you could share it with me when you 're done . 
  i 'd really like to take a look at it . 
  actually i do n't think no country redirect alters that . 
  they still can get your location by looking up your ip address . 
   it must be getting lonely over there at a.v. 
  club ... 
  seriously what the fuck is wrong with them ? 
  i found out about this news because google now suggested their article to me , and it felt dirty reading it , knowing i had given them a click . 
  they described the most recent episode as `` the most pointless yet '' . 
  are they even watching the same show as us ? 
  skyrim guards talk about redguards ' curved swords with amazement . 
  the version from young justice would have been so easy to imitate . 
  do n't attempt to give it some weird looking human-like face , that 's bound to end in failure . 
  give the actor a blocky helmet to wear on their head . 
   do n't think too hard about it ... there are so many plot holes it boggles the brain . 
  oh watching gods do n't i know it . 
  i * wanted * to take this approach but my players were insistent on figuring out all the minute details . 
  i feel like i had a way harder time running that with my group than was ever intended ... 
  the / top is great , but even better is the [ hall of fame ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / hof ) , since a few of the best stories to have been posted on there were posted when the subreddit was much smaller , so posts did n't get upvoted as much . 
  yeah at the moment i ca n't access any site apart from reddit . 
  pretty good content , but the language used felt like it was talking down to me . 
  the worst bit was when it said `` let 's see if it 's the a theme next . 
  yes it is ! '', 
  ( owtte ) , but even other bits of it felt a little patronising in a less blatant way . 
  ## update 4.6 overall score : 9/10, 
  ### balance/mechanics update : 8.5 / 10, 
  herdsfolk have been unnerfed in this update , along with the trailfolk remaining stronger than in their initial iteration . 
  what class is this meant to be for ? 
  wizards and druids choose their subclass at 2nd level , warlocks , sorcerers , and clerics at 1st level . 
  bards , paladins , and rangers choose at 3rd level , but they do n't match up with your extra features at 6th , 15th , and 18th level . 
  hey , sorry , but this violates post rule 1 . 
   the content has to be complete in terms of material presented . 
  it does n't have to be perfect or balanced but it does have to be fleshed out . 
   * we want this to be the place where a dm can go just before playing and find something that will be useful . 
  if you want to seek advice you should post in the latest arcana forge megathread . 
  awesome . 
  i 'm currently running it on my laptop from uni , so it 'll have to go down for a while on my way home . 
  just giving you a heads up . 
   roboticise ( is that even a word ? ), 
  you could probably just use automate . 
  daymn , that thing looks beautiful . 
  thanks so much for the update !, 
  how is your son going with his learning ? 
  oldest one in the country , eh ?
