  sneak attack is a feature that you can choose to use * after * you hit , so if you missed the first one , you get a second chance . 
  additionally , you could , if you wanted , choose to use sneak attack * only * on the second attack . 
  that way , the first one benefits from the weapon die and your dex mod , and the second one benefits from weapon die and sneak attack . 
  lets you spread the damage around a little more . 
  considering there are many cantrips that deal 1d10 damage -- exactly the same as the minotaur 's horns -- it seems pretty fair . 
  spell sniper is roughly equivalent . 
  substitute the ability to override up to three quarter cover with the ability to shove . 
  but you say * 2 * cantrips . 
  which feat is that ? 
  i can only see spell sniper , which grants 1 cantrip , and magic initiate , which grants a 1st level spell . 
  unearthed arcana is the name of the series of material that wizards of the coast is releasing that has not been playtested . 
  it 's official material , but it 's official * beta * material . 
  wild sorcerer is also hands down the best option for roleplay and awesomeness . 
  ( obviously some character ideas are better suited to the other options , but i 'm speaking in a general sense . ), 
  oh so it does . 
  i must have misread it . 
  yeah i agree . 
  that would be best . 
  but if we 're going to assume any time zone , it should be utc . 
  you 'd need to devise some flavour reason that they ca n't use the blood of the people they just killed , but otherwise i think many of the ideas people have here are good ones . 
  yeah , that 's another problem with the wording in this article . 
  but i think it was just a mistake in the wording . 
  to me , every time they say `` your ally '' , i just mentally substitute `` an enemy of your target '' . 
  i know most of those words . 
  but not in that order . 
  what was that a reference to ? 
  i love the entertainer !, 
  it 's such a great fun piece to play . 
  actually , ragtime in general is heaps of fun . 
   you know doctors, 
  he was brilliant this episode . 
  utc was a compromise between the english coordinated universal time and the french temps universel coordonn\u00e9 . 
  i agree completely , except my thoughts went to the first chang dynasty . 
  i loved the idea of the episode , and the first 5 minutes or so had me * so * hyped . 
  but then the actual execution felt like a bit of a let down . 
  imo it was the first weak episode of the season . 
  i 've also missed the occasional instrumental use of `` somewhere out there '' . 
  no crossing over in the entertainer . 
  perhaps you 're thinking of [ maple leaf rag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmatl7n_-rc ) ( which also does n't have hands crossing over , but does sort of `` come close '' to it ) or [ golliwog 's cakewalk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmrdhgwr9zk ) ( which * does * have hands crossing ) . 
  those are the only other popular rags i can think of . 
  regardless yeah i agree . 
  ragtime pieces are a real challenge to play , but so rewarding . 
  what 'd he have to say about it ? 
  private browsing is great because it logs you out of your current account . 
  but if you 're * regularly using * two different accounts , two separate browsers is better because it means you 're always signed in to both . 
  there was one on the front page not long ago . 
  i ca n't seem to find it now . 
  do n't know if the mods removed it , or reddit 's ordering algorithm is being weird , or what ... 
  the comment thread is about australia . 
  every single state uses preferential voting , as does the federal level . 
  eh , the problem is that it makes people who are disenfranchised a problem . 
  when everyone votes , you know that the final decision is actually the will of the people , and not just the will of the people who give a shit . 
  it also makes things like what happened in florida in 2000 impossible , because you ca n't do anything to prevent some people from voting . 
  that 's not a good indicator , since he completely reversed his opinion on a huge number of issues , and had only vague claims for many more . 
  as a fan of the cw arrowverse shows , i like this idea . 
  but that 's just the stand-up meetings . 
  you have other meetings like product backlog meetings and sprint review meetings that should go for longer than just a stand-up . 
  exactly, 
  oh god i fucking love that thing . 
  it 's the only `` free money for doing basically nothing '' that i 've ever found that actually works outside the fucking us . 
  rumour is they 're going to have a nexus 5 two later this year . 
   as soon as reviews confirm it is n't bugged to hell . 
  so basically never ? 
  can i ask what a donought hole is , and why you would buy the hole rather than the actual doughnut ? 
  i bought $ 70 ( in australia , would probably be more like $ 50 in america ) headphones that have thus far lasted me just shy of two years . 
  a-jays one + . 
  for me , in-ear is absolutely essential for the passive noise insulation , and having a microphone and button is essential because i listen to podcasts and want to be able to stop them if someone starts talking to me ( or i 'm at a counter buying something , etc. 
  ) , and so i can take calls without getting the phone out , and use it on skype etc. 
  the flat cable is a bonus because it means the damn thing does n't get tangled in my pocket . 
  sounds like you have a weird phone . 
  my nexus 4 has all three buttons digital , and most phones i 've seen are either all digital or all physical . 
   do not suspend tabs that contain unsaved form inputs, 
   only auto-suspend if connected to the internet, 
  well holy shit . 
  those were a couple of issues i had in mind , but it seems they 've thought of everything . 
  i am sold . 
  yeah definitely . 
  i 've heard all over the internet how terrible they apparently are , but i do n't think i 've ever heard one of their songs , and i * definitely * could n't name any . 
  and i do n't care enough to change that . 
  learning french , this was the first time i ever came across un faux ami . 
  i really wish companies would stop pushing better and better screens . 
  on devices this small * who cares * my nexus 4 's screen resolution is way more than i need already . 
  just scale up that pixel density , do n't give me these crazy 400 + pixels per inch things . 
  definitely not . 
  i 'm happy with my damn nexus 4 's screen ( 720p ) . 
  a larger screen like this one , i do n't see any reason to go any higher than 1080p . 
  all it does is reduce performance and battery life for pretty much zero * practical * improvement in screen quality . 
  hey , i normally would n't bother with this , but since it 's an english assignment i figured i 'd try and help a little . 
  the phrase `` be made an example of '' in english is an idiom meaning something along the lines of `` punish someone so as to be a warning to others '' . 
  i mean , i suppose the way you 've used it is n't * technically * wrong , but it * is * highly unorthodox . 
  yeah exactly . 
  he 's a democrat , of course , but there 's no practical in-universe reason he has to be . 
  that said , i think a big part of the reason they made him a democrat rather than a republican was that making him a republican would invite far more criticism on the show . 
  people would claim it was just an `` edgy '' attempt to criticise the republican party , when it really is just trying to be a dark political drama without taking aim at any party . 
  fwiw , francis urquhart , the main character in the original uk version , was a conservative . 
  and unlike underwood , he actually deeply believed in the convictions of his party . 
  i 'd be concerned about having a single ongoing subreddit for cabinet . 
  the discussions of one cabinet should be unknown to the next cabinet , so the prime minister should make their own subreddit each time a cabinet changes . 
  i want the best battery life i can get without having to swap them out . 
  that means a non-removable battery , as the mechanism to swap it out takes up space that could be used on a larger battery .
