  ditto `` oaths '' . 
  ninja edit : \\* except in the second paragraph where you 're using it to show possession . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with searching for a piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , or use the search function on the subreddit , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  i will just quickly point you to [ this vampire prestige class ] ( / r/boh5e/comments / 49mnbi/vampire _ prestige_class_by_uthe_singular_anyone / ) which is a great way to play vampire pcs . 
  there are werewolf/lycanthrope options out there if you search for them . 
  imo the religion skill is mostly about knowing factual things about religions . 
  it 's something that someone who took religious studies ( a proper religious studies course , which covered many religions , rather than just being indoctrination with the teacher 's preferred religion ) in real life might be considered `` proficient '' in . 
  ah yeah , i see that now . 
  i actually stopped reading after i got to the immunities bit . 
  that 's a very reasonable little mechanic . 
  it does , however , further my resolve regarding the wording of the healing rules . 
  that they should simply say something to the effect of `` you count as unread for any effects , including healing spells , which behave differently on understand creatures '' , and leave it at that . 
  no need to specifically call out which features * do * work , and imo no reason to disallow healing potions . 
  you ca n't buy people , john !, 
  sure , but remember that a turn is only 6 seconds . 
  they might circle each other , but they do n't go around and around multiple times within that time , which is what the 5e rules allow . 
  they also tend to circle * each other * , rather than one standing still and pivoting while the other runs around at a distance of roughly one and a half metres . 
  underneath your post , there 's a little button that says `` flair '' . 
  you click that and select the one that fits your post . 
  yeah , it 's a bit like tagging on some other sites , but on reddit it 's set on a subreddit-by-subreddit basis . 
  some use flair only under the direct control of the mods for special purposes , some do n't use it at all . 
  we on / r/unearthedarcana prefer users to flair their own posts , but will step in ourselves to help out newcomers . 
  hope that helps . 
  you 're not wrong about that , but it 's still badly designed . 
  introducing a mechanic like that in one section while it 's explained in a * later * one -- without the earlier part directly referencing the later one and making it clear there 's more to come -- is not good design . 
  you 're definitely right that it 's a theoretical problem that 's not going to happen in actual play . 
  but my problem is that it is theoretically possible , while the far , far more plausible activity of `` taking one step away from the opponent , while making sure not to open yourself to any attacks '' is not . 
  at least , not without spending your entire turn taking the `` disengage '' option . 
  i 'm just sitting here trying to figure out what four wheel drives have to do with historical european martial arts . 
  if you squint at it and tilt your head a bit the smile kinda looks a little bit like an evil smirk . 
  a few of the other comments here mention cats . 
  how do i get to these ? 
  i went all the way through the `` animals '' mood and the only household mammals i saw were dogs . 
  i 'm guessing you guys rotate moods in and out over time ? 
  seems a nice way to keep the content fresh and the experience simple , but i feel sad that i do n't get to see any cute kitties that the commenters a month ago saw . 
  my request would be : more cats . 
  especially little kittens . 
  birbs are great too . 
  i can think of a few ways they might be doing it . 
  investors aiming to gain users before monetising some other way . 
  ( subscription , microtransaction , ads , whatever . ), 
  public grants . 
  possibly a government somewhere wanting to promote mental wellbeing or something . 
  possibly related to scientific research using data on what people watch . 
  ( i think this category the most unlikely . ), 
  selling email addresses entered there to spam mailing lists . 
  i really , really hope it is n't this , because the service is so adorable and nice . 
  edit : wait , on their email entering page , the `` terms and conditions '' and `` privacy policy '' links take you to the warnerbros website for each of those pages . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.warnerbros.com/privacy ) and [ here ] ( https://www.warnerbros.com/terms ) . 
  why warner brothers is sponsoring this i do n't know . 
  but it makes the second and third possibilities much less likely than the first above . 
  150 hours have n't been required since , at the very latest , classes graduating before may 2011 . 
  having disadvantage on ranged attacks in melee range has always seemed , to me , more of a realism thing than a balance one . 
  but yes , this would help skirt that issue , if it is considered important for balance . 
  but most range-optimised characters are also fairly squishy . 
  so they 're still incentivised to do more than just get the bare minimum distance out of range , and that means taking a disengage ( to get away safely ) or dash ( to get a long way away , but with an oa against them ) . 
  i think this is pretty good . 
  1d6 is an appropriate amount of damage , especially considering this spell 's effect is probably just a little bit better than * shocking grasp * . 
  both can be used to allow safely getting out of melee range while still attacking an opponent . 
  this trades off the advantage against metal armour for a little battlefield control . 
  * shocking grasp * does 1d8 , while this does 1d6 . 
  pretty much equals , in my opinion . 
  i 'd probably say for balance reasons , it 's better to scale the damage rather than the distance moved . 
  and for ease of use , i agree with / u/eldebryn . 
  just make it a strength save , not a spell attack . 
  edit oh , i almost forgot the first thing i noticed and wanted to comment on . 
  the name . 
  generally , spells with specific names like that are wizard spells exclusively . 
  the sorcerer has a few exceptions to this , specifically 5 spells in the eepc . 
  but as a general rule it 's best to avoid giving sorcerers and especially warlocks named spells . 
  surely moving the target away from you is much more similar to preventing them from taking opportunity attacks than it is to disadvantage . 
  that makes it more like * shocking grasp * than * vicious mockery * , which does 1d8 damage and has advantage on targets wearing metal . 
  a slightly more useful ( in most circumstances -- * much * more useful in some rare ones ) effect , for one die size is a pretty reasonable trade off i think . 
  also both associated with witches and magic . 
  i figure leaving the spell in its backwards form is enough of a spoiler `` blackout '' . 
  anyone who does n't want to be spoiled can just not go to the effort to read it backwards . 
  do you mean this spell ? 
  just so you 're aware , it 's been edited so that it 's now a pretty well designed little spell . 
  odd . 
  my association has always been that arras without footpaths are more likely to be lower class . 
  a lot of developing countries have poor or no footpaths in many areas , and more wealthy places have more people with free time to do things like go for a leisurely walk or run . 
  the problem with that is that * gust * is generally an extremely * underpowered * cantrip . 
  not one to use as a benchmark for good cantrip design . 
  i had a player take it and i think the only time he used it was to slow the fall of an ally who was falling from a massive height . 
  anyway , * gust * has a greater range and has more flexibility thanks to the other utility options it comes with . 
  it 's quite easy to imagine each of those as dropping its damage by one type , from d6 to 0 . 
  as far as a level 1 spell goes , that 's a ludicrous suggestion . 
  this is strictly * much * worse than * thunderwave * , a level 1 spell . 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with searching for a piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , or use the search function on the subreddit , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  hi , it looks like you are seeking help with a currently unfinished piece of homebrew . 
  please use the arcana forge thread at the top of the sub for questions of this nature , as the main subreddit is for fleshed out homebrew that is ready for critique and balancing . 
  i 'm removing this post , but hope you find answers in the arcana forge . 
  best of luck , and happy homebrewing !, 
  worth noting that this post is about a tiny little creak , at the point where the split happens .
