  on more recent phones they make it more obvious by changing the back button to an arrow down . 
  it 's understandable that you would n't have noticed it if you have an older phone with physical hardware buttons . 
   using a knife ( without a fork ), 
  am i the only one that finds this a dumb question ? 
  i * never * use a knife without a fork . 
   using a key to unlock a door, 
  i would have thought nearly everyone would do the same thing here . 
  it depends on which side of the door the handle/lock is . 
  anyway , i got -65 standard and -50 for the augmented index . 
  does n't surprise me , i generally prefer to identify as ambidextrous than left handed . 
  a redditor i saw a few months ago said that if you 've got a coke fridge , you ca n't have any pepsi products in it , but pepsi allows their fridges to have a certain percentage of coke products . 
  oh man that 's a pretty shitty law . 
  here in australia the limit is .05 ( or 0 for a number of special cases , including learners and provisional drivers , aka `` l plates '' and `` p plates '' ) . 
  most drinks come with a number of `` standard drinks '' worth of alcohol that they contain . 
  as a general rule , a male will be under the limit with 2 standard drinks in the first hour and one every hour after that , and a female will be under with 1 standard drink every hour . 
  if you 're under the legal limit , then you 're fine . 
  only if you 're actually over the legal limit do you get into legal trouble . 
  i 'm not entirely sure one can reasonably blame abbott for this . 
  as far as i 'm aware , he has n't put in place any laws relating to freedom of speech or employment . 
  oh right . 
  makes sense ... 
  thanks . 
  yeah that was really bad , too . 
  i just mentioned the other one because it led to tony pushing him about the dd . 
  and i agree , the whole surplus thing is just so stupid . 
  the moment someone brings it up as a serious issue i immediately write them off as someone without a basic understanding of economics . 
  if it was , it definitely did n't come across that way . 
  i would argue that these days the greens * are * a major party . 
  that said , it was clear in your previous comment that you were only talking about the lnp and labor . 
  and yet there was only one real mention of this in the entire q&a episode , and hockey pretty much just got away with saying that they did n't * really * cut these things . 
  i was so excited for this episode , because i was hoping it would put hockey enormously on the back foot with some hard questions . 
  instead we got a few dorothy dixers and a bunch of softball questions he could swipe away easily . 
   less problems if you worry fewer about grammar anyway, 
   inane twitterbox comments that dominate the screen, 
  are you kidding ? 
  i hardly ever notice them unless i 'm actually looking for them . 
  i 'd hardly say that they dominate the screen . 
  oh god of course . 
  that completely slipped my mind . 
  i ca n't speak for everybody , but i generally use `` guys '' in a gender-neutral way . 
  i was taught growing up that while a male goes from master to mister when he 's an adult , a woman goes from ms to mrs when she 's married . 
  but then , master would generally be considered archaic usage today , anyway . 
  is ms not just short for miss ? 
  oh right . 
  yeah i would use ms for someone who prefers not to specify . 
  i just did n't realise that 's how it was spelt . 
  fair point . 
  no , i ca n't say i would . 
  wepl huh . 
  i tried upgrading the mobo 's firmware , and it then allowed me to install windows 8.1 just fine . 
  it seems as though windows 8 is working just perfectly now . 
  thanks so much for all your help !, 
  yeah , i do the exact same thing . 
  i 'll say `` man '' or `` dude '' when talking to anyone , if it 's about them . 
  i would n't generally say man or dude when talking about a single third person , though . 
  what 's roll20 like ? 
  i 've been thinking of using it to introduce some people to dnd . 
  would it be useable when you 've got the people in the room with you ? 
  sort of an alternative to actually buying/drawing maps and player tokens ? 
  you do realise that the term retina display was coined specifically for laptops , right ( edit : no it was n't . 
  it was coined for iphones . 
  mbps came later . 
  still , the mbpwr is a prominent retina laptop that runs really well ) ? 
  ( specifically macbook pros . ), 
  but you 're right , 1080p is quite a bit below retina levels . 
  the 13 ' mbpwr has a resolution of 2560 x 1600 , and the 15 ' one is 2880 x 1800 . 
  i completely forgot about the iphone ... 
  that was pretty fucking stupid of me . 
  i thought for a moment you were talking about the [ microsoft surface tables ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microsoft_pixelsense ) that they had . 
  because i definitely thought that those would catch on a lot more than they have . 
  oh man , i ca n't wait to hear what you think of ice age . 
  how do you get a million dollars as a musician ? 
  \\ - start with two million . 
  on a similar note , in queensland law i would guess ( this is a complete guess , though , from someone with no legal experience ) that it would be classed as a category m weapon :, 
   ( g ) any crossbow designed to be discharged by the use of 2 hand that , when discharged , is capable of causing damage or injury to property or capable of causing bodily harm ;, 
  maximum penalty :, 
   ( iii ) for a category a , b , m weapon-100 penalty units or 2 years imprisonment . 
   i 'm okay with a short 3-5 second ad in front of a youtube video , but longer ads interrupting narrative fiction i am watching are unacceptable . 
  oh man , that would be the worst . 
  yeah , i 'm fine with youtube . 
  i 'll let it play for three seconds while i 'm on another tab , or if it 's a longer one ( one that ca n't be skipped ) i 'll mute my computer audio for a while as i browse another tab . 
  simple . 
  i 've even had a few that i 've been tempted to actually watch the whole way through , just because they caught me in those first few seconds before you can skip , and it was kinda interesting . 
  but fuck , if i was getting big long ads in the middle of tv shows ? 
  yeah , no fucking thanks . 
  it 's one of the reasons i basically never watch tv shows on tv ( another being that , as a non-american , i would have to wait months or at the least days in order to do so ) . 
  or you could go ` 52 * 51 * 50 * 49 ... `, 
  order does matter in this case , because he is using the five card example as a way to begin to explain the full 52 card order . 
  eight point one would have been more accurate ... 
  well , actually it should have been 8.1 if he was trying to round to the first decimal place . 
  yeah that 's what i was wondering . 
  i 'm guessing he 's saying it 's 37.5 mb if we 're storing a bunch of ascii characters . 
  one byte per character . 
  as opposed to the far more efficient two bits per character ( or 4 characters per byte ) , since there are only 4 options , give each a decimal value of 0-3 . 
  i bought a 1 tb internal drive last week for about $ 54 . 
  and that 's in australia . 
  could probably get much cheaper in the us . 
  i do wonder if the extreme dynamics were necessary . 
  you seem to be using ppp and fff an awful lot . 
  while i can understand how this can sometimes feel necessary to get it to play back right in sibelius , in most cases it simply is n't necessary for real musicians .
