  you can get the same effect with less bias by looking at the [ political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) . 
  in this measure , `` libertarians '' are right libertarian . 
  conservatives ( like our liberal party ) tend to be right authoritarian , and progressives ( like our greens , and what labor purports to be ) are left libertarian . 
  note that the use of `` libertarian '' here only refers to a lack of government intervention on personal matter , and is entirely unrelated to the level of government involvement in the economy . 
  if we 're counting the christian mythology , would n't the first critical ( assuming one allows crits on skill checks -- which i know is against raw ) be the snake 's bluff check to get adam and eve to eat the fruit ? 
  do you really think no one 's going to get the reference ? 
  hell , five minutes ago if you had asked me `` when was the battle of waterloo ? '', 
  i would n't have had a clue . 
  but i still got the joke . 
  it 's obviously going to be some time in the early 1800s , and most people would have heard of the battle , so i think most people here would get it . 
  all i knew for certain was that it was after 1812 , since that 's when the war of 1812 with the french and russians happened . 
  ( cue the tchaikovsky . ), 
  what does `` sync at n '' mean ? 
  i 'm fairly sure changes like this are a valid reason to get out of your contract . 
  i * know * at least that concrete changes in the service provided ( for example the company deciding to be longer offer the same plan ) are valid reasons , and this seems to be more or less the same thing . 
  tpg offers static ips . 
  the advertise it pretty clearly on each of their plan pages . 
  it 's one of the reasons i decided to go with them -- i saw no similar claim from iinet on their pages . 
   but have always had people in sa since then . 
  the context makes it a little vague . 
  are you talking about south africa here , or south australia ? 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  nbn is n't available here , so i never even looked at their nbn plans . 
  all their adsl plans have a bit about static ips in the same place that the nbn pages tell you they 're dynamic ips . 
  i wonder why they do it that way ... 
  well with the currency exchange thing your best bet is to check with xe . 
  the aud went from over 1.00 usd for most of between 2011 and 2013 to currently 0.77 usd , with most of that fall ( from 0.93 to 0.77 ) happening since last august . 
  shit 's crazy . 
   for better service, 
  here 's the thing . 
  in all the countries i 've been to , i 've * very * rarely had service at a restaurant that i would consider bad . 
  in fact , most of the time i 'm very happy with it . 
  i wolud n't * want * `` better '' service . 
  people trying to be overly friendly or whatever is awkward for everyone involved . 
  if that 's what waiters have to do to get better tips , i * really * do n't want to be living somewhere that they rely on tips . 
  i love critical success . 
  never listened to dungeon master 's block . 
  will have to give it a go . 
  yeah that 's not a bad idea . 
  a hall of fame . 
  the issue then would be deciding what is important enough to add to the hall . 
  yeah , the initial purpose of the subreddit was actually just to have the very cr\u00eame de la cr\u00e9me of dnd/roleplaying stories , so it 'd be easy to find them all in one place . 
  obviously the sub has gone in a different direction since then , but it 'd be nice if there were a way to still provide that hall of fame type feel . 
  i 'm not in europe , but i keep european hours , does that count ? 
  nah just kidding , i love this sub , but would n't feel confident modding it . 
  best of luck finding someone . 
   i wore a mustache * all day long *, 
  but ... you 're supposed to stop the pranks after midday ... 
  you eat chicken that was your friend ? 
  it 's the normal rule for april fool 's day ... 
  i 'll edit in just a minute with a source . 
   in the uk , an april fool joke is revealed by shouting `` april fool ! '', 
  at the recipient , who becomes the `` april fool '' . 
  a study in the 1950s , by folklorists iona and peter opie , found that in the uk , and in countries whose traditions derived from the uk , the joking ceased at midday . 
  [ 11 ] a person playing a joke after midday is the `` april fool '' themselves . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_fools%27_day ), 
  maybe america does things differently , but the tradition of april fool 's here in aus is derived from the uk ( and i suspect the us is much the same in that respect ) , and as such we also have the midday rule . 
  i 'm mainly assuming that you 're not british , australian , canadian , or kiwi , since these are places that i 'm fairly certain would follow the same tradition . 
  given that the vast majority of redditors are american ( especially once you exclude the above ) , it only made sense to throw in a brief word regarding america . 
  i 'm actually worried that some of the old greats wo n't make the top of all time because there were n't enough people in the subreddit for them to get enough upvotes . 
  i have it set to turn off in games and when watching tv shows/movies . 
  his point is that you can use ifttt * with * tasker . 
  like you could have a trigger in ifttt cause a task in tasker to activate . 
  personally , these are both awesome tools that i want to get into , i just ca n't think of anything actually practical to do with them . 
  all i have ifttt doing is archiving my reddit comments in a spreadsheet and notifying me when there 's a new post to one particular subreddit . 
  i uninstalled tasker a while back just because i could n't think of any uses . 
  it 's a real shame because they 're both such cool technologies . 
  it would be nice if amazon had anything close to decent selection outside the us and western europe . 
  here in australia i can never even * find * anything i want on there , so if they had smile it would still be useless to me . 
  did you source it correctly ? 
  and if not , did the other guy source it correctly when he added it back in ? 
  this is important , because verifiability on wikipedia is the absolute most important thing . 
  being able to source something is more important than something actually being true , by simple virtue of the fact that wikipedia does n't want to be a place that decides truth , but just shares knowledge that has been published elsewhere . 
  it 's one of the core tenants of wikipedia , and if you were breaking it , the other guy was right to remove the information until he could source it . 
  now , that said , a lot of wikipedians can go way overboard . 
  the right way to do it would be to quickly find a source and add that in , without removing the thing in the mean time . 
  or , if he was unable to do that for time reasons , to remove it and politely leave a note on the talk page saying something like `` hey i 've removed the detail added by 192.168.0.1 , because it was unsourced . 
  if anyone else can find a source please feel free to add it back in , otherwise i 'll find one when i get the chance . '', 
  if it was reverted that quickly , there 's a good chance it was a bot . 
  i 'm sure you can imagine that simply adding `` not '' to an article would be a common form of vandalism , so if it was done from an ip user , the bot may have suspected vandalism and just removed it . 
  this is especially true if you did it from a school ip where they will have had hundreds of vandalism attempts in the past . 
  i use google drive all the time . 
  i 'm a huge fan of it . 
  but it is absolutely not as good as ms office . 
  the spreadsheets are vastly inferior , and even the word processor is missing a few really basic but key features . 
  you ca n't have columns that auto flow , and you ca n't do referencing . 
  reddit search is crap . 
  use `` site : reddit.com [ search query ] '' on google instead . 
  or even `` site : reddit.com/r/mysubreddit '', 
  yeah definitely sounds like you did everything by the book . 
  the guy was just a douchenozzle . 
  good advice in general , but then your specific example at the end of probably taking it a bit too far . 
  what 's the difference between a cult and a religion ? 
  a cult has a person at the tip who knows it 's all fake . 
  in a religion , that person died a long time ago . 
  you are aware that rape quite literally has other definitions , right ? 
  in this case , `` the taking of something by force ; seizure , plunder . '', 
  seems to be the definition they were ( probably without explicitly thinking it through like this ) going for . 
  tolkien used it this way in the silmarillion :, 
   few of the teleri were willing to go forth to war , for they remembered the slaying at the swanhaven , and the rape of their ships .
