  the listen button is just over the right of the page . 
  he was n't just a conductor , he also composed music that is very well known by average people , and he was a great musical teacher . 
  i think that 's the main reason : his teaching . 
  check out what he did on a show called omnibus . 
  he did ones on a heap of topics , many of which are available on youtube . 
  here 's one on [ beethoven ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xq6g2zehbyw ) . 
  i put some of my music on youtube , just for the fun of it . 
  i also like to play in amateur ensembles , so that 's another good motivator . 
  then , it 's just relaxing and fun . 
  these are n't good motivations for `` practising '' exactly , but they do help me at least play over pieces i 'm already familiar with . 
  yeah definitely . 
  the prelude in e minor , no. 4 is really easy from a technical perspective . 
  i did mission impossible once ( also in 10/8 ) and our conductor beat 4 beats , on the beats that you accented . 
  as others have said , there is no lower limit . 
  not being able to reach the limit could be a problem in most subjects , but not necessarily all . 
  if you ee uses a lot of things not counted in the word count ( diagrams , formulae , charts , etc. ), 
  then you could be fine . 
  maths ees are the perfect example of an ee that can be perfect without reaching the limit . 
  what is your subject ? 
  who does n't understand the reddit switcheroo ? 
  i 've never seen that happen . 
  and what about facebook screenshots if it 's on / r/facebook ? 
  just to play devil 's advocate . 
  a redditor for 12 days and already named our leader . 
  you 're like the dragonborn of reddit . 
  a redditor for 12 days and already named our leader . 
  you 're like the dragonborn of reddit . 
  a redditor for 12 days and already named our leader . 
  you 're like the dragonborn of the internet . 
  what perks help with this , apart from the slow time ? 
  i went into incognito mode and searched pirate , and it 's top for me then too . 
  true , good point . 
  next time i go somewhere completely new i 'll have to try it in incognito mode . 
  well yeah , but that comes before slow time , in the same branch , and gets used with the slow time . 
  fair enough . 
  reload definitely , and the same with slow time and zoom . 
  damage increases , i do n't think so . 
  i remember reading that the birds are n't actually npcs in the traditional sense , but simple objects designed to act a certain way when hit . 
  they then `` respawn '' after a while , although the new bird is actually immortal . 
  i may have my information wrong on this , though . 
  i like the planned obsolescence . 
  it means that apple products are n't held back by having to support older devices . 
  ( i 'm not certain , but am assuming planned obsolescence refers to the lack of updated for older devices . 
  if it 's something else , ignore this paragraph . ), 
  am i annoyed my ipod touch wo n't be updatable, 
  to ios 6 ? 
  sure , but i understand why they do it , and i agree with it . 
  apple 's litigation does annoy me , but i prefer to see it as being a fault of the system that they 're just very good at exploiting . 
  i refuse to lay the blame on any one company ( especially since , despite what the hive mind may think , other companies sue each other just as much ) . 
  i 've just grown to dislike how closed down ios is , especially since this year as android has , in my opinion , truly caught up . 
  their tablets are n't quite to ipad standard yet , i do n't think , but phones definitely are as good or better at the top end . 
  this is the only reason that , were i to buy a smartphone , it would be android . 
  my 2010 13 '' macbook pro is showing its age . 
  but that 's because i expected to use it only for school , and now have started doing video editing , music production , and photo organising/editing , so i got a lower end one than i should 've to start with . 
  the windows desktop i bought at christmas 2008 is still going strong . 
  i think i need to de-dust it because i have recently been getting some strange issues , especially with graphics in some games , but for the most part it 's working great still . 
  that 's not quite the point . 
  every iphone so far has had some major new feature or group of smaller important features . 
  even the 4s had siri . 
  the 5 has basically nothing . 
  i guess that 's cool ... new cable ? 
  nice , but it does n't do anything new , really , does it ? 
  bigger screen ? 
  cool , but not a major feature , really . 
  yeah , of course . 
  i 'm not saying it 's necessarily true that people should be complaining about the lack of the upgrades , just explaining the reasoning . 
   [ i 'm not saying it 's necessarily true that people should be complaining about the lack of the upgrades , just explaining the reasoning . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/zsq7o/my_reaction_to_the_disappointed_iphone/c67iz02 ), 
  6 , with the dock . 
  so cool to see clara schumann on there when , right now , she 's also on the front page of google . 
  also , the brahms and mozart are both amazing !, 
  the lacrymosa from mozart 's requiem is one of the coolest pieces of music from the classical era , in my opinion . 
  at least you were n't the snare player in ravel 's bol\u00e9ro . 
  i would have definitely thought jupiter was bigger in popular culture than mars is , with mars a close second . 
  i love those both , but neptune takes it for me . 
  i just love listening to that beautiful fade at the end . 
  yeah i have to say i agree with this . 
  just a tip , ios has , as of version 5 ( i believe , it may even be 4 ) dvorak as an optional layout when using a * hardware * keyboard , like one with blu-tooth . 
  it 's not the same as the software keyboard working , but it 's something . 
  a fix ? 
  no , i do n't have one , but i 'm emailing imgur ( support@imgur.com ) to :, 
  a ) make sure they know about the problem , and, 
  b ) see if they have any solutions for us , or can possibly change something at their end to make it work for us again . 
  yeah , i 've got the same problem . 
  i can use their homepage , but not actually see any pictures . 
  a ) make sure they know about the problem , and, 
  b ) see if they have any solutions for us , or can possibly change something at their end to make it work for us again . 
  a reason ? 
  no , i do n't have one , but i 'm emailing imgur ( support@imgur.com ) to :, 
  a ) make sure they know about the problem , and, 
  b ) see if they have any solutions for us , or can possibly change something at their end to make it work for us again . 
  yeah , i can still get facebook and twitter , as well as all the other sites i would want to visit , too . 
  a ) make sure they know about the problem , and, 
  b ) see if they have any solutions for us , or can possibly change something at their end to make it work for us again . 
  edit : actually , i do n't seem to be able to access cracked , either . 
  i do n't know if this is related though . 
  i 've had cracked randomly not work in the past , although this time it 's lasted longer than before . 
  whoa !, 
  awesome !, 
  i loved some of the different instruments and stuff , especially the strings entering right near the beginning , and then what you did with bar 38 !,
