  but i feel your point about how previously games that should have been 18 + were squeezed into the 15 + rating is important . 
  because even though we now have an 18 + rating , many games are still being refused classification . 
  essentially , the 18 + rating has taken over the more extreme end of the old 15 + category , and maybe gone a little beyond that . 
  for the most part , games which were rc before and still going to be rc . 
  i ca n't speak for europe , but saint 's row iv was initially refused classification in australia before a censored version was released . 
  i can say from memory that l4d2 and wolfenstein are two prominent games that were censored in parts of europe . 
  nothing more recent comes immediately to mind , though . 
  * yes , the game is about that size . 
  you 'll need double that spare on your hard drive to install it , though . 
  * it runs pretty well on weak hardware . 
  just got ta turn the settings down a little . 
  i 've heard of people playing it on macbook airs . 
  * i probably put in 15 + hours during the last beta weekend . 
  not exactly sure , time got away from me . 
   if they show a bible then you put your hand on it straight away, 
  what 's the reason for doing that ? 
  is it a way of getting out of jury duty ? 
  a method for * increasing * your chances of getting selected ? 
  a matter of actual law ? 
  i 'm really confused about that monkey . 
  i 've never heard anyone talk as though tt is anything other than an expansion ... 
   i think technically they always had the rating , it 's just that if you received an 18 + then you could n't sell it there . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  australia 's rating system has a bunch of age ratings , followed by `` refused classification '' , which effectively means banned . 
  previously anything that did n't fit in ma15 was rc , and now there 's an r18 . 
  if there had been an 18 + rating that was n't allowed to be sold before , then the new law would 've allowed those to be fold immediately . 
  unfortunately , companies have to apply again to have their game rerated under the new system . 
  but anyway , the rest of your comment was very astute . 
  the fact that raters are average people could n't be more spot on . 
  any random person can apply to do it . 
  i almost applied myself last year . 
  because the . gov tld is , in practice , only for the government of the united states . 
  other countries typically use the . gov sub domain of their country 's tld . 
  for example . gov.au is used for australian government sites . 
  what sealand needs is their own country-code tld . 
  yup . 
  [ the even have the screenshot in the article ] ( http://www.geek.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/chrome-1.jpg ) . 
  secret agents is in the list of things it does n't protect you from , along with people standing behind you ( which was also removed ) . 
  most country tlds that i know of are only two characters , but yeah , that 's the idea . 
  are you also sad when people call the lord of the rings a trilogy ? 
  because it is n't ( unless you 're talking about the films ) . 
   the lord of the rings is often erroneously called a trilogy , when it is in fact a single novel , consisting of six books plus appendices , sometimes published in three volumes . 
  from the forward of my single-volume copy . 
  oh man that was a great episode . 
  definitely one of my favourite topics for the pitch . 
  mine is also 10 gb per student per month . 
  i also live on campus , so that 's all i get . 
  it 's not nearly as bad as it sounds in my case , though . 
  any government or university websites are n't counted , any google websites ( including youtube and google + hangouts ) are n't counted , and there 's a peer-to-peer intranet service for sharing things like \\* cough * study notes . 
  just want to point out that singapore is certainly a very uncorrupt country , and you would be correct in saying it is * one of * the least corrupt in the world . 
  but claiming it is * the * least corrupt country is , at least according to the [ corruption perceptions index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index ) and the [ bribe payers index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bribe_payers_index ) . 
  in fact , many countries that are arguably much less * safe * appear ahead of singapore when it comes to being uncorrupt ( for example , australia is ahead in the bribe payers index , but has relatively high levels of violence ) . 
  oh i misread that . 
  surely that 's a typo ? 
  i do n't think many people could use over 10 gb a day on a regular basis ... 
  its default ui is actually pretty similar to os x , so someone moving from that should be pretty comfortable . 
   whereas oliver killed it, 
  killed it in a good way or a bad way ? 
  an incredible job , as always . 
  but damn , this episode was incredibly heavy handed with the dc52 references . 
  not only the ones you explicitly mentioned , but the specific uses of delta charlie 52 by officer lance just felt incredibly in-your-face , to me . 
  thanks so much specifically for the tempus fugit one . 
  i went back and replayed that bit because i did n't catch it the first time , but i still was n't exactly sure what he said . 
  in case anyone else was wondering the same as me , felicity 's response right afterwards was `` time flies '' . 
  yeah i know . 
  i guess it 's just the fact that he used it twice this episode , combined with the address being said not long after one of the uses , that made it seem heavy handed . 
  ah thanks for the explanation . 
  based just on that , i 'm pretty sure the os x client already allows proper fullscreen , because it definitely does n't play well with cmd-tab switching or swiping between spaces ( by which i mean it completely gets rid of that functionality ) . 
  i knew that the reason i could n't log in was because the servers were n't up . 
  however , i was a little confused about why it 's saying my password is incorrect rather than saying the server did n't respond . 
  so thanks for this post !, 
  also , apparently this means people on east coast australia are connecting to us servers , so that 's good to know . 
   i 'm certain it 's going to be fixed, 
  why ? 
  when the beta is over and the game is launched for real this wo n't be an issue except perhaps in the case that they have serious server problems . 
  damn ... that 's really something that they need to fix . 
  how does `` fullscreen window '' work at the moment on windows ? 
  on os x it 's a window that just automatically takes up the full area of the screen , with the border displayed . 
  to me , this seems like what you would expect . 
  ( fwiw , it seems to me that the `` fullscreen '' option on os x is true fullscreen , because it does n't work with cmd-tab switching etc. ), 
  yeah as far as i can tell this is the case . 
  cmd-tab switching , swiping between spaces , etc. 
  does n't work properly . 
  are you on os x by any chance ? 
  it seems as though the os x client runs true fullscreen . 
  actually it seems as though the os x client does run fullscreen . 
  yeah definitely , i 've noticed in particular many valve games seem to work very well . 
  but the opposite should n't be true , right ? 
  there should n't really be any borderless window apps that * do n't * switch out smoothly ? 
  i dunno , i thought the wrestling plot was executed well . 
  the other plots definitely did n't do so well , though , especially alex and haley 's . 
  to be fair , it is n't confirmed * in universe * yet , so from that perspective you could say there 's still only one confirmed source of supernatural abilities . 
  i ca n't speak for him , but i did n't , because i do n't want spoilers . 
  i 'm normally big on making people avoid spoilers , but i do n't think it 's a problem in this case . 
  there 's no spoiler in the title of the thread , but it does specifically mention `` after watching 2x14 '' . 
  anyone who comes * into * this thread can reasonably expect that there will be spoilers . 
  it 's when there 's a spoiler in the title , or spoilers in a thread where the original post is not indicative that it 's based on the newest episode , that you have a problem . 
  bad grammar and spelling bothers me too . 
  but there 's absolutely no need to be such a prick about it . 
  you can very easily politely correct someone 's usage without needing to be such a dick .
