  the photo won a pulitzer for the photographer , and today there 's a monument sitting near where he did it . 
  i ca n't say how glad i am that they 're doing this . 
  i so frequently look up `` episodes of arrow '' , or whatever other shows i want to watch , and always have to go through to wikipedia and navigate the table , when all i want is the date of the most recent and the next upcoming episodes . 
  note that google has them sorted in reverse chronological order . 
  edit : the search also works for '' [ tv show ] episodes '' . 
  personally i quite like it in reverse chronological . 
  means you do n't have to wade through all the old episodes to find when new ones will come out , or when the last one did . 
  i loved doing ib . 
  i 'm so glad i did it . 
  it 's so much better than the other systems i 'm familiar with it 's just not funny . 
  britain 's a-levels are just a stupid system ( you just take any three subjects . 
  any three at all , and nothing else . 
  ) , and queensland australia 's op system has some very serious flaws ( like students from lower ranked schools getting a lower score merely because they go to a lower ranked school ) . 
  i do n't know that much about the us system , although from what i saw from friends who went to the us , there seems to be an incredible emphasis on sats , which from what i gathered is an awful system of rote memorisation . 
  i ca n't comment at all on the ap stuff as i do n't know how it works . 
  cc-by-sa requires that they explicitly attribute it to the creator ( i.e. , wikipedia ) and that anything created using that content is also published under the same licence . 
  as far as i can tell , they did n't do these things , although it is n't very clear . 
  i feel like i 'm one of the only students that actually enjoyed tok . 
  knowing how we understand the world is just such a fascinating thing to learn about . 
  which is , as you imply , of course rubbish . 
  getting into top universities is * really hard * . 
  they get hundreds of applicants with near perfect scores every year , so of course they use other factors to decide who to select . 
  i had a friend who ended up getting six 7s and a 6 ( the 6 being in his sl first language subject ) in ib who failed to get into cambridge , for example . 
  hell yeah it counts . 
  ib art is nuts . 
  the amount of work you guys had to put in is ridiculous . 
  sure , there 's no exam at the end , but that workload earlier in the programme , when you 're working on other ias , cas , and the ee , is still tough . 
  mine was 18 at normal spacing . 
  admittedly it had * a lot * of images inserted ( music essay -- score extracts ) , but still . 
  the thing about the ee is that they expect it to be a really high quality * research * paper . 
  you 're supposed to pick a topic that has n't had a great deal of research into it , and do detailed research into that topic , and produce a high quality essay on it . 
  reaching the 4000 word limit is n't difficult , keeping * within * the limit is . 
  ( unless you did it in something like maths , where the actual formulae etc. 
  do n't count towards the word limit . 
  but that does n't matter , because you can be anywhere under the limit , you wo n't be penalised for that by itself . ), 
  mate that 's a fail ... 
   do n't trust the ` predictions ' your teachers may have made about your ee/tok score . 
  the way they grade that stuff is batsh8t crazy . 
  this is one of my top three gripes with the ib system . 
  the fucking ee is n't marked by someone who actually knows the fucking field . 
  my supervisor predicted me a strong a for it , but i ended up getting a b. 
  they were confident enough that they said if it had been important , they would have challenged the result . 
  ( since i also got a b in tok , getting the a would have meant 3 points instead of 2 for the `` core '' . ), 
  it did n't really matter though for my getting into uni , so i did n't push the issue . 
  [ i wrote a bit more about it a while back ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2013/01/28/problems-with-ib/ ) , including my other two ( probably bigger ) problems with ib . 
  what ? 
  you said that the hypothetical ib score of 3 would be worth more than a 4 in the american system . 
  i did n't go through the us system , but my understanding was that a 4 is typically the best grade in it , while in ib a 4 is just barely a pass . 
  it 's not really fair to compare the two like that , which is what i was trying to point out . 
  yeah . 
  the point is that you need to have a great score to get into these places , but you need a lot more than that . 
  extracurriculars , a good application essay ( as someone who 's going to uni in australia , i 'm so glad we did n't have to do these ... ) , and a good interview presence are also very important . 
  your friend apparently had these , mine did not . 
  wait i 'm a little confused . 
  no such thing . 
  the ib diploma is where you do six subjects in the different subject areas , along with an ee , tok , and cas . 
  my previous reply to you was assuming you did this , but if you only did ib art , and did n't do any other subjects , then you did n't get an ib diploma , you got an ib certificate in art . 
  no , the ib diploma programme ( what most people are referring to when they say `` ib '' ) is taken in the last two years of secondary school . 
  the ibo does offer a number of different curricula all the way from primary school upwards , and i believe some schools do offer their programme from two years before the ibdp . 
  oh right . 
  that makes sense . 
  it 's not something i 've ever had to do ( quoting your actual ib score seems so much simpler ... ) , so i did n't consider that . 
  i 'm curious , how does it work ? 
  do you just take your total score and multiply it by 4/45 ? 
  or would you have to weight hl subjects differently to sl subjects , and both different from the core ? 
  any decent high school programme should give you formula/data sheets for things like maths and physics . 
  requiring rote memorisation is just stupid . 
  ( and since it 's related to another thread currently on the front page , i 'll just mention that ib physics and maths both have really detailed data sheets . ), 
  a good history class would n't be teaching you about the historical facts and figures . 
  dates of events and exactly what happened . 
  good history classes talk about causes and effects of different historical events , things that can not so easily be googled as they can be quite subtle ( though you can , of course , google what someone else has said about it before ) . 
  ( yes , he was being sarcastic . ), 
  it varies from subject to subject . 
  you certainly would n't expect someone to come up with radical new stuff in maths or physics , for example . 
  but an english ee can be an analysis comparing two books that nobody has thought to compare before . 
  a music ee ( what i did mine it ) can do likewise with different pieces of music . 
  in economics or business you could be analysing a particular situation pertaining to some small business and describing the effects of something on that situation . 
  it 's not particularly * important * research , but it certainly is a form of research within its field , in some cases . 
  i 've heard of a number of different subject requirements that different schools put in place for their students , but no , it definitely is n't an ib requirement . 
  i actually heard of one school that said everyone must do english , history , and one particular second language ( i forget which ) . 
  you have to do a first language , a second language , a social science , a physical science , maths , and something from `` arts or electives '' . 
  you must do a total of 6 subjects , 3 or 4 at hl , 3 or 2 at sl . 
  that 's basically all the rules . 
  note that because of the way it 's worded , you do n't even necessarily need to do one subject from each group . 
  there are some subjects ( like `` environmental systems and societies '' ) that count for multiple groups , leaving you room to take an extra one from another group . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , i would n't consider them groundbreaking by any means , and would not pass most academic rigour checks . 
  but it certainly is research into a field . 
  it might be something that someone has done before , but if the person did n't * know * about this , then it 's still research . 
  it 's just redundant research . 
  it almost certainly will not be of a quality good enough to be accepted in the field ( using biased sources is probably the best example of the reason ) , but the fact remains that the student is actually researching the topic at hand . 
  yeah , the idea that ib is only for rich schools or international schools is a very pervasive one , and one that the ib itself tries hard to fight against . 
  it 's simply not true . 
  ( i must say , though , my school fit both the stereotypes . 
  ridiculously expensive -- thank god for teacher parents getting students in for free -- international school . ), 
  my problem with calling it a review article is that it makes it seem ( at least to me ) like you 're just regurgitating stuff that you read in secondary research rather than actually coming up with stuff yourself ( again , even though that same stuff may have been thought of at some point , somewhere , but someone -- though you did n't know it ) , which is what the ee is about . 
  because it 's more work , basically . 
  getting entry into even the top australian unis is really easy if you 're reasonably smart . 
  you just need good grades . 
  to get into engineering at my uni , i think you need an op score of 6 ( op is , i think , a rank going from 25 to 1 , with 1 being the best ) . 
  my score of 37 in ib equated to an op3 , but with certain modifications ( due to taking a second language and doing hl maths ) it ended up being an op1 .
