  he 's being blunt about it , but he 's right . 
  while the people loved rudd , his own party hated him , and he has been criticised widely for being far too controlling over everything . 
  that said , based on that video it seems he acknowledges this flaw and intends to fix it . 
  it 's a clip of his outburst , followed by an interview about it . 
  if you click the link , there 's a transcription below it you can read ( the video does n't autoplay ) . 
  and yeah , i meant to say `` intends to improve himself '' , sorry about that !, 
  ( guess i need to improve my proofreading ... ), 
  the labor party ousted gillard because they were headed for a massive loss at the election later this year . 
  gillard was * incredibly * unpopular . 
  by putting rudd back in charge , they 've got at least a slim chance at winning , and more importantly wo n't lose by such a huge margin . 
  right ... and your point is ? 
  yes , it is sad . 
  it 's incredibly sad . 
  a large part of it is that almost all of our mainstream media is incredibly biased against the labor party , and especially against gillard , and evidently the people believe what the media is feeding them . 
  he 's got less comment karma than you do after more time . 
  is this a clever economics joke ? 
  ( or just criticising op 's source ), 
  holy fuck education is expensive in america . 
  ( australian here , you 'd be looking at about $ 34,000 ), 
  i did n't even need the free lunch to want to sign up for this . 
  but i 'm curious , what sort of things did you put in the written sections on the second page of the application ? 
  i thought part of the point of shadowbanning was that they keep posting * without * knowing that nobody can see what they 've said . . ? 
  ah right . 
  cool move , then . 
  i guess you have no idea why the ban ? 
  yes they probably will . 
  but it wo n't be by anywhere near as large a margin as it would have been . 
  well you could have bare bones functionality in a nice interface , at least . 
  actually i 'm fairly sure skype 's had backdoor access since well before microsoft got involved . 
  i find it curious that you would put twitter ahead of google . 
  why is that , out of interest ? 
  do n't worry , that 's not facebook . 
  it 's just the nsa checking up on you , nothing to worry about . 
  not sure why the downvotes . 
  no , this was never cancelled , and yes , this is for real ( it 's taken from bryan konietzko 's blog tumblr ) . 
  perhaps you were thinking of young justice ? 
  for a non american , just clarification , columbus is a city in the state of ohio ? 
  i did n't understand what was going on until this comment . 
  they were misinformed . 
  sorry buddy , looks like the gold 's stopped . 
  wow , that really is awesome !, 
  but then , does google not do the exact same thing ? 
  ( in addition to having their transparency report . ), 
   perfect score for a 52-56 year old male on apft is 56 pushups/2m , 66 situps/2m , 14:42 / 2mi, 
   perfect score for a 27-31 year old female on apft is 50 , 82 , 15:36, 
  this is a problem . 
  however , if the perfect score ( and minimum score , as discussed lower ) were made * equal * for both genders , why should a woman who is able to complete the same physical tasks as men who are able to get in , not be able to get in ? 
  i do n't necessarily believe in doing anything to allow women to get in at an equal rate as men , but those few women who are able to match the same physical standards should be . 
  i believe there is no reasonable way to oppose that belief . 
  what other sense * could * you have meant ? 
  that pretty much completely sums up jobs ' entire character . 
   and qlders , being parochial , are gon na vote for their homeboy rudd . 
  more importantly , queenslanders are currently seeing the worst of what the lnp can do in newman , and they 're * not * happy about it . 
  hear hear . 
  right , fair enough . 
  and absolutely true , too . 
  thanks for clarifying things , although the one i was referring to is one of the top 5 in australia , so perhaps comparing to one of your community colleges is n't quite an apt comparison . 
  still , an education is an education , and i 'm sure community colleges give you a more then adequate one . 
  i 'd like to see stats on that first point before i trust it . 
  remember that i 'm arguing only those that can pass the same physical tests should be allowed in . 
  the second point is a very good one , though i 'm not sure it should be enough on its own . 
  a well equipped military should be able to deal with it just fine . 
  and that last point is nonsense . 
  if you had a culture where men and women are treated as equals , there 's absolutely no reason having women and men together would destroy ` brotherhood and cohesion ' ( except perhaps in the sense that ` brotherhood ' might not be an entirely accurate word since there 's women too -- and ` brother ' implies men ) . 
  i was misreading your comment . 
  someone else mentioned community college , i thought you had , too . 
  oh god yes . 
  i hate this . 
  especially with the move towards non-physical buttons . 
  i 'm flying there tomorrow !, 
  ja , frankfurt am main, 
  you a november exam sitter ? 
  because merit-based pay is an absolutely awful idea . 
  ask any teacher ( or just use sense ) and you 'll know that different areas have kids of different levels . 
  paying teachers based on how well the students do on standardised tests is an awful idea . 
  you ca n't realistically use progress as a measure of merit , either , because again , some kids are just going to be predisposed to not caring about their education enough to see real progress . 
  and that 's without even starting on kids in special education . 
  consider also submitting this to / r/elitistclassical . 
  it 's late here , so i ca n't listen to the whole thing , but the small amount i have listened to so far sounds awesome !, 
  i ca n't wait to give the whole thing a go . 
  [ the full quote ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans_rott#legacy ) :, 
   a musician of genius ... who died unrecognized and in want on the very threshold of his career . 
  ... what music has lost in him can not be estimated . 
  such is the height to which his genius soars in ... [ his ] symphony [ in e major ] , which he wrote as 20-year-old youth and makes him ... the founder of the new symphony as i see it . 
  to be sure , what he wanted is not quite what he achieved . 
  ... but i know where he aims . 
  indeed , he is so near to my inmost self that he and i seem to me like two fruits from the same tree which the same soil has produced and the same air nourished . 
  he could have meant infinitely much to me and perhaps the two of us would have well-nigh exhausted the content of new time which was breaking out for music . 
  high praise indeed . 
  such a shame he died at only 25 . who knows , he could have gone on to be one of the big names like mahler himself . 
  the two systems are absolutely not the only options . 
  nor are they even mutually exclusive . 
  teachers who are obviously bad ( abusing students or quite obviously not teaching what they should be ) should be removed , but teachers ' pay should absolutely not be based on performance until a good mechanism for reliably measuring the performance can be implemented . 
  no such mechanism yet exists . 
   also if you look at it from a more practical side : legal punishments have two goals, 
  here 's where you 're not quite right . 
  the goals of the legal system should not be punishment at all , but rehabilitation . 
  you should aim to prevent people from committing a crime again . 
  regarding your two stated aims , though , there is very little evidence that the death penalty serves as a better deterrent than life in prison . 
  it also , at least in the us , costs * more * than life in prison ( though you did n't make this point , many people do , so i 've mentioned it here ) .
