  the more we can get the word out about this , the better . 
  doubly fun fact : the mace in the house of representatives in america comes from the [ similar thing in the house of commons in the united kingdom 's westminster system parliament ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ceremonial_mace#united_kingdom ) . 
  the house of lords has two maces , and in the uk they are carried before the speaker of both houses whenever they are entering or exiting the chamber . 
  in the uk there have been a number of -- shall we say , interesting -- events involving said mace . 
  one such example , from 1976 , is when a conservative party member seized the mace and brandished it at opposing labour party mps, 
  australia also has one in its house of representatives , and i imagine many other former british colonies do ( particularly new zealand and canada ) . 
  i really wish . 
  g + is incredibly cool ( not to mention it does n't ruin photos nearly as much as facebook does ) . 
  better than facebook in literally every way but one -- number of active users . 
  but i doubt it will . 
  most people do n't give a shit about facebook 's privacy policies , and the changes here really are n't all that significant . 
  the only major change is that they 'd remove the voting on changes in the future , and since they 're never going to get the 30 % of users needed to make the results binding even that does n't matter all that much . 
  hey !, 
  high five for international kids !, 
  there are great alternatives , g + is just amazing . 
  sadly it 's been way too difficult to actually get people to make the switch . 
  most people hate change , especially technological change . 
  yeah , needs three more '' \\ ^ `` s, 
  yeah , a lot of the guy 's comments/submissions are about his girlfriend . 
  the lady doth protest too much , methinks . 
  yeah i agree . 
  the amount of anti-un circlejerking on reddit is just stupid . 
  it 's a great organisation in general . 
  this particular move , however , needs to be stopped , and well done to the american government for doing their part . 
  veto power is only in the unsc . 
  the world wide web was invented by a pomme . 
  not what he was referring to , but the world wide web * was * invented by a pomme . 
  really ? 
  i ca n't ever remember seeing a large amount of positive comments regarding the un on reddit . 
  from what i 've seen the level of irrational hate is overwhelming ( though in this particular case it is n't irrational , imo ) . 
  awesome !, 
  this is one of my favourite jazz pieces !, 
  never heard it on clarinet before , really cool . 
  does anyone know where i can get a score or a fake sheet for it ? 
  cheers mate . 
  no , do n't you see !, 
  apple 's going to fly off in the spaceship they 've been building . 
  unless they raise prices to keep margins , in which case it 's not best for consumers . 
  right , but the joke only really works if harry is implying that * his * dad also told him the same joke ( or , as the previous comment said , if hermione 's dad said it to harry ) . 
  yeah , i understand what was * intended * . 
  it 's just that the joke is n't funny without the added implication . 
  ~ ~ for iphone your only choice is find my iphone . 
  it 's no substitute for prey , and probably not as good as cerberus either , but apple 's closed system wo n't allow these other things to work . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ ( unless you 're jailbroken . 
  i do n't know which if any of these work jailbroken . 
  retracted, 
  hmm ... apparently it is . 
  this is completely new to me . 
  could you explain how this works ? 
  do all universities ( or major ones ) worldwide do it ? 
  is it just a us thing ? 
  how do you actually go about linking your dropbox to your university ? 
  cool , thanks . 
  i 'll futureme that link so i can give it a go when i start uni in february/march . 
  it amazes me how many people say this . 
  i do n't know if you 'd call my hands large or medium ( i can reach an octave and a third , or a 10th , or from c4 to e5 , on a piano when stretching ) , but definitely not small . 
  i find the xbox controller 's asymmetrical design absolutely horrid . 
  it feels like i have to contort my hand to use it . 
  for me thats the biggest problem , and i do n't really understand how other people do n't feel the same . 
  i also prefer l/r 1-2 over the xbox 's buttons and triggers on the back , but i get how that 's a matter of opinion . 
  that said , keyboard and mouse beats all . 
  it amazes me how many people say this . 
  i do n't know if you 'd call my hands large or medium ( i can reach an octave and a third , or a 10th , or from c4 to e5 , on a piano when stretching ) , but definitely not small . 
  i find the xbox controller 's asymmetrical design absolutely horrid . 
  it feels like i have to contort my hand to use it . 
  for me thats the biggest problem , and i do n't really understand how other people do n't feel the same . 
  i also prefer l/r 1-2 over the xbox 's buttons and triggers on the back , but i get how that 's a matter of opinion . 
  that said , keyboard and mouse beats all . 
  let me just preface , because hand size seems to be relevant . 
  i do n't know if you 'd call my hands large or medium ( i can reach an octave and a third , or a 10th , or from c4 to e5 , on a piano when stretching ) , but definitely not small . 
  i find the xbox controller 's asymmetrical design absolutely horrid . 
  it feels like i have to contort my hand to use it . 
  for me thats the biggest problem , and i do n't really understand how other people do n't feel the same . 
  i also prefer l/r 1-2 over the xbox 's buttons and triggers on the back , but i get how that 's a matter of opinion . 
  same with concave vs. convex analogue sticks , and with the buttons . 
  in every case i prefer the ps design , but all of these at least make sense as differing opinions . 
  that said , keyboard and mouse beats all . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  the picture describes the three different approaches that the three companies have taken with their controllers . 
  each of them is a perfectly valid approach . 
  it is very common to use material from one movement within another , but does n't always happen . 
  5 is the best example , where the famous rhythm from the first movement is hinted at frequently in the other movements . 
  41 ( yeah , sorry , this one is n't romanatic period , but it 's still a fair example i think ) has a little of this , the first theme ( made up of 3 triplet quavers or 4 straight semiquavers , followed by a crotchet ) from the first movement is used a few times in later movements . 
  the main thing is usually just some sort of story , not an explicit one ( although sometimes you do get that , like beethoven symphony no . 
  6 `` pastoral '' ) . 
  the music works in a way that a listener could create a story out of it in a fairly natural way . 
  just a side note , similar things can be said of many multi-movement styles , not just symphonies . 
  this is particularly true of sonatas , but also concertos , standard 3 -- 5-movement quartets/quintets/trios , etc. 
  i 'm so glad my instrument ( clarinet ) can be taken carry on without needing anything fancy like an extra seat or special permission or whatever . 
  the problem with cold is in the extremities . 
  there 's not much you can do about keeping your ears and nose warm when it gets really cold ( for me , `` really cold '' is probably anything less than about 10 \u02da -- i do n't like the cold ) , not to mention fingers . 
  and even the methods that do exist for keeping those areas warm are incredibly uncomfortable . 
  no , i 'd much rather a nice balmy 25 -- 30 \u02da , thanks . 
  edit : just to clarify i 'm talking about natural temperatures . 
  for whatever reason i 've never felt cold on the extremities due to air conditioning . 
  just curious , if you 're going to give them control why not actually give them control ? 
  why limit it to 1 \u02da ? 
  similarly , if you do n't want them changing things , why not give them a slider that actually does exactly nothing ? 
  does that mean if 6xx is current , then my 9800 is 6 generations old ? 
  and your 6200 9 gens ?
