  and the fourth is where it has a specific cost and * does * consume the component . 
  for these spells , you have to go out and get the component every time you want to cast the spell , and it will cost you for each time you use it . 
  most of the resurrection type spells are in this category , for example . 
  light does not consume its material components . 
  but the difference between the two , in theory , is that with 2 , the value of the item does not matter . 
  with 4 it does . 
  for example , the different resurrection spells all require diamonds of suffering values . 
  if they were of type 2 instead of 4 , any tiny cheap-arse diamond could be used for all of them . 
  however , i suspect that the comparative vagueness is exactly why 2 is a purely theoretical possibility . 
  to steal a response from someone a little further up the thread :, 
   google voice still is n't outside america , 7 years after its introduction . 
  spoilers in title , and more spoilers in the actual link ... 
  for troubleshooting purposes , grab a copy of one of the free programmes out there . 
  lily pond or musescore . 
  try importing into one of those . 
  if they also lose a bar , the problem is with how finale exports music xmls . 
  if they do n't , then you know the problem is with sibelius . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with your first two bullet points under the base race . 
  sure , most others have a base of +2 and a secondary +1 , but the way this is structured is rather different than a race with subraces . 
  it 's more like a base template with different uses . 
  ( an abstract class and an implementation of that class , if you 're familiar with object-oriented programming . ), 
  so having the base be +1 and the subrace being the more substantial part of it with +2 makes sense . 
  and pure immortality also makes sense . 
  these are undead , after all , and living forever is kinda their thing . 
  besides , it 's not like it affects balance in any way . 
  i 've never heard of a character dying from old age before . 
  otherwise , i think you 're pretty spot on . 
  someone should really write an article collating examples of brissy times and other newspapers taking content from reddit and spinning them into articles , and submit it all onto / r/brisbane as a self post . 
  see if * that * gets picked up as a story by a newspaper . 
  would be hilarious . 
  if you 're using the gritty realism * rest * rules , then a short rest is 8 hours , and a long rest is 7 days . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  anything that recharges on a short rest takes an 8 hour rest ( probably sleeping , but not necessarily ) to get back . 
  anything that recharges on a long rest takes a full week of recovery time to get back . 
  even better . 
  like paper towns on a map . 
  can someone explain to me what bitcoin classic is ? 
  i 'm familiar with the basic technology behind bitcoin , but i 've never used it myself and am completely unfamiliar with any recent events in the bitcoin community . 
  what is the problem with normal bitcoin that `` classic '' aims to solve , and how does it go about it ? 
  should they ? 
  yes . 
  it 's an obvious move with no real downsides . 
  will they ? 
  they love their gods damn `` local gaming stores '' , and consumers be damned . 
   home brew and rulings on different aspects, 
  do n't conflate the two . 
  they are completely unrelated . 
  rulings absolutely and unambiguously belong here . 
  they 're an important part of discussing the game , because in many situations it is either unclear what the right ruling should be , or there are multiple possible right rulings with upsides and downsides . 
  discussing these is interesting and useful , and it 's a basic part of the game . 
  i love homebrew . 
  i 'm subscribed to / r/unearthedarcana and / r/boh5e , and i even contribute occasionally . 
  i particularly really like most of the motd monsters . 
  but i do n't think they should be on this subreddit , and i they were actually what first really got me frustrated with the state of this subreddit . 
  a post a day meant that there were always two of them on the front page . 
  when there 's a better subreddit for it , i 'd rather not see that on here . 
  i 'd rather go to ua when i want homebrew stuff , and keep this subreddit for discussing official material and questions . 
  i think that since stonestrix has stopped making a monster a day , the amount of homebrew has been far more reasonable . 
  i really liked the monsters , but having him post one every day , resulting in there * constantly * being one or two * at least * of his posts on the front page , was really annoying . 
  at that point , i really did think we had reached the point where there was too much homebrew being posted . 
  i personally think that the limit should be reduced from one per day to one per week per user . 
  it would mean that even if/when stonestrix returns , or someone else takes up a similar project , the amount of stuff on the front page would remain reasonable . 
  damn , not a lot more information than we already knew . 
  ah well , still super excited to see what we do get on 15th march . 
  thoughts on what player options will come along with this ( or in a companion pdf ) ? 
  hahaha , nice . 
  by the way , i just wanted to say , * very * nice use of formatting . 
  piracy already happens in droves . 
  i used pirated pdfs before i bought the books , and i * still * use pirated pdfs . 
  they could have a second sale from me if they sold reasonably priced pdfs , since it would be better quality than the pirated ones , and searching through it with ctrl/cmd-f would be so much better than the ocr on pirated copies . 
  but they do n't do that , so i * still * have to use pirated pdfs . 
  and i know i 'm not alone in this . 
  the vast majority of pirates are either also customers , would not be customers no matter what they do , and perhaps some are put off by the expensive price of books and would choose to buy a pdf if it were priced reasonably . 
  i suspect that there would be next to no increase in piracy if they did this . 
   also , you cant ctrl + f a dead tree, 
  well , there 's always the index !, 
  oh wait ... if only that were actually useful ... 
  \\* sigh *, 
  that 's not how change.org works . 
  they always set a target number of signatures . 
  once you reach it , the system automatically sets a new , larger goal . 
  it 's just because having a specific goal people can see and work towards makes them more likely to sign . 
  getting an extra 1500 signatures and reaching whatever the goal is at the moment has no significance whatsoever . 
  it 's dvorak . 
  the d is capitalised , but nothing else . 
  it 's a person 's name . 
  this is an absolutely lovely arrangement of one of my favourite of the new star wars themes . 
  though you might want to come up with a different name . 
  `` clarinet quintet '' typically refers to a clarinet plus a string quartet . 
  `` rey 's theme for 5 clarinets '' might suit better . 
  genuine question : is the word `` americanised '' or `` americanised '' ? 
  when made into a verb , does it retain its `` proper noun-ness '' , or not ? 
  haha yeah , it 's a slightly misleading name at first glance . 
  i believe other instruments can be used in the same way . 
  a `` flute quintet '' might be a piece for flute and string quartet , and a `` horn quintet '' is horn and string quartet . 
  though to my knowledge , clarinet quintet is one of the most popular of this sort . 
  ( `` of this sort '' meaning where it 's instrument plus string quartet , so not talking about a `` wind quintet '' or `` string quintet '' , which work differently . ), 
  edit : as a side note , do you have the sheet music for this ? 
  i would n't mind learning to play it myself !, 
  you should have seen some of the feedback kingdom come : deliverance ( a historical fiction game made by some czech devs , set in a real-world part of what is now the czech republic ) got when they announced that it would only be featuring white people ... it 's a game set in medieval eastern europe , and they 're trying to keep everything as close to the real world as possible .
