  made up of those same countries , so if they all act a certain way the un probably will , too . 
  wow . 
  that 's really bizarre . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't help you , except to make sure it is n't actually down at the bottom , and that you ca n't press the left or right buttons from the new tab page . 
  i would assume you 've probably done that already , though . 
  if no one else comes up with an adequate solution , try uninstalling and reinstalling chrome . 
  i 'll juts piggy back and ask , does anyone know how to force a thumbnail reset on a particular site ( or all sites ) on your most visited page ? 
  or at least know how it decides when to update the thumbnail ... seems to be completely random . 
  side note , how the hell can people stand dubbed films ? 
  it completely ruins the artistic integrity of the film . 
  the only time dubbing is ever acceptable , in my opinion , is when it 's for children . 
  some of the best films i 've watched have been foreign ( french , mostly ) , and i would never * dream * of watching them dubbed . 
  this is probably a reference to something i do n't know about , but i 'd just like to point out that at a speed slightly * better * than the world record for a single marathon -- two hours -- you could only do 36 marathons in 3 days . 
  i wo n't pretend to fully understand that legalese , but it would appear to be referring to the weight of people in * the united states * . 
  when the us is so famous for being full of particularly fat people , i do n't think that makes a fair representation of the * world * 's population . 
  my school 's orchestra butchered this last year ... 
  delicate `` easy '' pieces are in fact the hardest to play well . 
  i can breath out into a straw for over a minute . 
  circular breathing . 
  this may not necessarily be a useless talent , but i 've so far been unsuccessful in using it on the clarinet , so that means so far it 's useless except as a party trick . 
  does anyone know where one can find the full lecture ? 
  the video 's description has a link to a version that was taken down . 
  nono , you were absolutely right . 
  i studied it for my ib music course , the fourth movement shares a bit of material with the first theme from the first movement . 
  i 'm looking up specific bars atm , and will reply to tinytim 's comment . 
  actually , there are some links between the first movement and the last , but not any that i noticed when i was studying it between any other movements . 
  fairly tentatively , you could say 3b4 mvt .4 links with the first theme of the first movement ( particularly viola and violin 2 at bar 9 ) . 
  this link is less tentative when the same theme is used towards the end : bar 404 , and bars 314 -- 325 in various instruments . 
  much more clear , however , is the link at bar 233 -- 253 in the violas , celli , and basses ( celli and basses drop out of this link at 242 ) . 
  i think if you looked you could probably find other links between various movements , but that one is really clear . 
  edit : [ here 's the score ] ( http://conquest.imslp.info/files/imglnks/usimg/8/81/imslp100325-pmlp01573-mozart_symphony_41_score.pdf ) , if you want to cross-check, 
   whatever i hate beethoven, 
  ouch , bold words . 
  care to elabourate ( it may save you from all the downvotes people 've been giving this comment ) . 
  but seriously , i think it 's grossly unfair to simply say you `` hate '' any composer at all , especially without some serious justification . 
   but it depends on whether we 're assuming that mozart lives until 1824 , or whether he 's hearing it outside of time altogether, 
  yeah , this was my first thought , but perhaps for a different reason . 
  if mozart had lived on through until then , he would have had the chance to get used to beethoven 's ( and his contemporaries ' ) style , through pieces like symphonies nos . 
  3 , 5 , 7 , many of his greatest piano sonatas ( and concertos ) , overtures like coriolan and egmont , the middle quartets and all the others . 
  having gotten used to that , mozart may have really been able to appreciate beethoven 's symphony no . 
  i really get the impression from mozart 's late music ( especially what he had written of the requiem ) that he was moving in much the same direction as beethoven , he was just a little behind , and had he lived longer he himself would have gotten there . 
   besides classical and jazz, 
  this is interesting . 
  i find classical musicians are often also fans of jazz ( i 'm the same ) , it 's a really curious link . 
  i wonder why it is ... 
  i label them as `` soundtrack '' in my itunes library , but they do very often bear strong resemblances to romantic and 20th century classical music . 
  it depends on the composer , really , but i find john williams and howard shore are particularly `` classical '' in style . 
  hans zimmer ( the amazingly overrated composer of god knows how many films , imo ) is a much more electronic and modern `` pop `` y kind of style . 
  williams in particular is very well known to have taken influences from romantic composers like wagner , and 20th century ones like stravinsky . 
  both shore and williams make heavy use of themes to represent something ( but shore does this much better in my opinion ) , in a style very similar ( i believe ) to operatic music . 
  for me it 's primarily jazz and soundtracks . 
  i 'm a huge soundtrack geek ( to the point i find faults in williams 's score for the star wars prequels because of how he used thematic material ) . 
  got the soundtrack to the first 5 harry potters , all 6 star warses , the 3 lord of the rings ( and will get the hobbit after i 've seen the film ) , the first 3 pirates of the caribbean , as well as a game called dark cloud ( amazing music , though unfortunately it 's made on really low-quality virtual instruments ) . 
  i find most games ( and films , these days ) have really lackluster soundtracks . 
  they 're really atmospheric , make you feel sad when they need to , or happy , or scared , excited , whatever . 
  they 're brilliantly epic when you listen to them , but they do n't have those great motifs and themes that you leave the theatre ( or end the game ) singing to yourself , and that you can instantly associate with a certain idea from the film/game ( think darth vader 's theme , or the hobbit theme ) . 
  so i do n't have a huge selection of music from this genre . 
  i do n't `` listen '' ( i.e. , choose to put it on and listen to it ) to any more modern music , but i do enjoy a lot of it when i hear it . 
  i 'm particularly fond of muse and coldplay . 
  ah , sorry if i was n't clear . 
  i simply meant that both seemed to be moving towards a general more `` romantic '' style . 
  more expressivity , greater chromaticism , more dissonances , et cetera . 
  yeah , i hesitated over that one myself . 
  `` star wars films '' just does n't sound cool enough , 
  well of course . 
  you have to learn the rules before you can break them !, 
  new twists on old forms has always been a great way to make amazing artwork . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that it 's been true since the very second artistic creation ever created . 
  ( or even the first , if you think of it as being based off of something from nature . ), 
  i did this in tok class and definitely did n't notice the gorilla the first time . 
  that said , i do n't think it 's always relevant . 
  it works if you 're hiding to get past guards , but not if you 're trying to hide from guards already looking for you specifically . 
  if mass effect is any judge , i really hope ai never becomes a thing . 
  that said , i 'd still love it if it could happen how you describe . 
  not really . 
  at least , not out of films i 've actually watched . 
  i 've a collection of film and tv soundtracks from a compilation album i downloaded , and the godfather sounds absolutely amazing from just the theme . 
  pink panther films have a few cool themes ( the pink panther theme and inspector clouseau theme ) . 
  i 've not played the game , but heavy rain 's title theme is awesome . 
  i have n't actually got the soundtrack , but from when i watched it for the first time recently , jurassic park had awesome music , though i did n't think all that much of the sequels ' . 
  how could i forget !, 
  mission impossible 3 !, 
  that had an absolutely awesome soundtrack !, 
  i did n't think much of the previous mis , and i do n't remember the 4th one 's soundtrack specifically . 
  oh god i hope that is n't a me3 spoiler ... i 've only just finished me2 , but legion seemed awesome in it . 
  ( downloading me3 right now ... or trying to ... ), 
  but referring to the geth as they are portrayed in the first game , and all the geth we see apart from legion in me2 , then yeah i agree those geth = bad ; edi = awesome . 
  p.s. , please do n't reply telling me if it is a spoiler or not , i 'd rather be left hanging in this case . 
  i do . 
  what if i want to play the game when i 'm on a plane or otherwise unable to get an internet connection ? 
  i am firmly against any anti-piracy methods that hinder legitimate users in any way . 
  if it 's a game that does n't * need * multiplayer ( i.e. , a multiplayer game ) , you should never have to have an active internet connection , end of story . 
  edit : but as a compromise , you definitely should n't need an internet connection every time you start up . 
  maybe just the very first time in order to verify , or at worst once every month . 
  yeah , ai is most definitely a thing , but ais in the real world ( as they exist today ) are more like what the me universe calls vis . 
  there are currently no artificial intelligences capable of true thought and self-adaptation in the way an ultimate ai in the way many science fiction stories present them . 
  you could also criticise valve for not allowing their games to work without steam/with other platforms . 
  to be fair , ea is doing * exactly * the same thing valve does . 
  you ca n't play portal or half life 2 without steam . 
  in the case of an inherently multiplayer game like tf2 i see requiring steam ( or a similar platform ) as no big deal , but i really do n't believe single player games should require any software apart from the actual game .
