  if you gradually increase the speed , you can get used to it pretty quickly . 
  besides , you do n't have to just listen while driving . 
  i listen while cooking , cleaning , eating , shopping , etc. , in addition to whenever i 'm actually commuting . 
  some people also listen while exercising , but personally i use that time to relax my mind and just space out mentally . 
  honestly i 'm the exact opposite , and unfortunately for you , i suspect the majority of the audience is the same . 
  i do agree with you about twiet . 
  padre is easily the worst host on the network . 
  if they could get someone as engaging as mjf ( who actually makes the enterprise stuff on ww bearable for me ) it would improve greatly . 
  agreed . 
  christina warren is probably my second least-favourite semi-regular guest , behind jolie o'dell . 
  why he so regularly has someone who admits to not liking modern technology at all on his show is beyond me . 
  uhh , mate , there 's no 5 foot step written in 5e . 
  that 's the point . 
  personally , i think it should be added in as a house rule , because i ca n't see any good reasons that it should n't be , but certainly the game is n't designed assuming it . 
  nah mate , clearly you could n't possibly be right . 
  it destroys the game !, 
  but seriously , the downvotes you got for politely expressing a differing viewpoint are disappointing . 
  the people doing the downvoting should be ashamed of themselves . 
  that 's perfectly doable . 
  set the speed a little higher each week , and ignore the skipping ads part . 
  i 'd start at 1.5 x and move up from there . 
  yeah , there are plenty of criticisms of the prequels that are valid . 
  ( in fact , * most * of the criticisms are valid to some extent or other . ), 
  but i thought yoda 's portrayal was actually really good , especially in episode iii . 
  depends on the type of game . 
  if there 's a lot of talking or reading in the game ( such as rpgs or games with heavy narrative ) , i find podcasts too distracting ( or the game too distracting to listen to the podcast ) . 
  if it 's an fps or rts or something where the game does n't have speech involved ( i often listen while playing tagpro ) , then it 's perfectly fine . 
  but for me , that 's got nothing to do with the speed . 
  i could n't do both at 1x anyway . 
  that 's so awesome . 
  but also , i 'm now imagining you starting the session with `` did you think i 'd forgotten you ? 
  perhaps you 'd hoped i had . '', 
  especially if it was after a longer than usual break , that would be so awesome . 
  or perhaps `` cry havoc , said he who fought chaos with chaos , and let slip the dogs of war ! '', 
  seriously , it 's bloody insane . 
  after what 's gone on in this thread , i 'm seriously considering unsubscribing . 
  i 've always thought this a really good , positive community , but apparently not . 
  apparently merely suggesting a house rool based in logic and fun ( and previous editions of the game , for god 's sake ! ), 
  could be enjoyable is deserving of mass downvotes in this subreddit . 
  for shame . 
  hl maths , physics , music , sl english lit , french b , economics . 
  i do wonder why the ib world average is so low . 
  it surprises me , because i would have thought most ib schools are the really good ones that care a lot about academics . 
  less well funded or academicly-minded schools would , i would have thought , do the national curriculum . 
  but apparently that 's not the case . 
  that 's very interesting , because it 's the exact opposite of my experience . 
  i went to a private international school on a `` scholarship '' ( officially that 's what it was for tax reasons or something , in reality my parents are teachers and it was part of their contract ) , but at my school academic performance was * very * highly regarded . 
  all the parents pushed their kids hard . 
  and especially among the asian girls , extracurriculas ( particularly sports ) were very low on the scale . 
  my 37 was probably around the middle , maybe just outside the top 1/3 , of my year group . 
  and , for what it 's worth , while some of the kids definitely were rich snobs , most were not . 
  for many , their own overseas work contracts paid for their children to go to school , too . 
  this was in vietnam . 
  is 5 feet not about a step ? 
  i 've always just assumed it is . 
  surely it ca n't be more than like two steps ? 
  my sense of scale working in the outdated measurement systems in d&d is a tad off . 
  i 'll be honest though , regarding flanking , i probably would have been giving advantage for it even if there * had n't * been a rule for it in the dmg . 
  i agree that it makes advantage too easy to get , but it just makes perfect sense to me . 
  it would feel really bizarre if somehow you * did n't * get advantage for it , just thinking logically . 
  i know the few times i 've done free fencing against multiple opponents , if they get on either side of you , you 've got basically no chance -- the benefit gained from advantage in game is way less significant than it would be in real life . 
  when i dmed , i often used monsters that would line up in formations specifically to stop flanking being too easy , or would use terrain to their advantage . 
   you 're bringing back something from an edition where aoos were intended to be punishing and lethal , and adding it to an edition where aoos are more of a trade-off , a bit of damage for the ability to run and keep your action . 
  i find it interesting that you view it that way , because i would have said the opposite . 
  in 4e , players ( and monsters ) had so many hit points that an aoo was n't a significant threat . 
  in 5e , hit points , especially at low levels , are a pretty damn scarce resource , and every hit counts . 
  but back on the note of that flanking thing , i think that brings up something about the way i generally choose to enforce rules . 
  i try to enforce all rules that exist \\* , never ignoring or removing rules that are in place . 
  * however * , i do sometimes * add * rules , or enforce things in certain * ways * , where i think it makes sense . 
  ( regarding `` in certain ways '' , a good example would be how , with most skill checks , i follow [ the angry dm 's suggestions ] ( http://theangrygm.com/five-simple-rules-for-dating-my-teenaged-skill-system/ ) pretty much to the letter . ), 
  balance is n't really something i 'm concerned with when going for `` what makes sense '' . 
  so most of the mechanical arguments do n't really phase me . 
  ( i still think -- somewhat more weakly than i did at the start of this conversation -- that it 's not going to have a significant impact mechanically , but that 's not where most of my reasoning comes in . ), 
  in the abstracted turn-based combat of d&d , to me it makes sense to be able to slide back just a short distance safely , sacrificing the rest of your movement to do so . 
  i really ca n't see any * logical * explanations for why that does n't make sense . 
  tl ; dr mechanically , i guess i 'm kinda sorta on board with you now . 
  but thematically ... * logically * ... it still does n't make sense not to allow it . 
  to me , that 's more important . 
  edit : \\* actually , that 's really not true . 
  i ignore lots of rules , like most people . 
  handwaving encumbrance , for example , unless people try to do something stupid . 
  what i probably meant here was that i try to use all rules that add options to players , encounters , npcs , etc. 
  they 're from house of cards ( us ) , same as op 's examples . 
  the first one is from s02e01 , and the second one i 'm not sure about . 
  however , it 's something hoc took from shakespeare 's julius caesar , wherein `` cry ` havoc !, 
  ' , and let slip the dogs of war '' is the full quote . 
  well as i said , one 's from shakespeare , so it 's spread pretty widely throughout popular culture . 
  the other one though ... maybe you read it on reddit some time ? 
  i 've seen it used a few times . 
  also , if you ever do watch it , sorry for the spoiler :\\ the first one 's a pretty big one for that episode . 
  where 'd you drop the 2 points ? 
  personally i just use the `` masculine '' / neutral word for everyone in pretty much every case i can think of . 
  makes things much easier . 
  haha yeah , that would be interesting to see . 
  i suspect not many . 
  that said , as a player i generally like to keep track of ammo , and i think i 'm gon na keep track of my own personal encumbrance ( at least at first ... who knows how long before i get bored ) , just to see how it goes . 
  but i would n't enforce that on others . 
   `` you exist because we allow it , and you will end because we demand it . '', 
  man , the whole speech that comes from is just so damn chilling . 
  me 1 and 2 did such a fantastic job of presenting what a threat the reapers were .
