  in the uk , i * think * the silmarillion would be considered to have been authored solely by j. r. r. for legal purposes , but i 'm not really sure . 
  if so , it 's that 2044 date . 
  if christopher would be considered co-author , then it wo n't be until 70 years after * his * death . 
  yeah , that 's definitely one of the things we factored in when we decided to play it that way . 
  23 hours and counting . 
  even better . 
  if jackson does n't want to make a silmarillion movie , you could make a film yourself and play beren in that . 
  hell , you can do that even if jackson does make a film . 
  it 's not just `` this is the point at which peter jackson is now allowed to make a film '' , it 's `` the point at which * anyone * can do * anything * with it '' . 
  i note that one of the prerequisites is that you must be a `` living race '' . 
  i 'm going to assume that vrylokas would probably be considered living , for this purpose ? 
  anyway , i love what you 've got here . 
  it 's really quite good . 
  a few bits of feedback :, 
   a target may be fed on a number of times per day equal to its size, 
  i would change that to `` a number of times per day dependent on its size '' , since its size is n't an actual number , it 's a descriptor ( `` tiny '' , `` small '' , etc. ) . 
  i wonder , is there a particular reason undead fortitude does n't work with a shield ? 
  it seems to me that it probably should . 
   roll a number of d8s equal to the level of the spell slot you expended as extra necrotic damage on the attack . 
  this feels really awkwardly worded , but i ca n't think of a specific way to fix it . 
  the biggest problem to me is that it feels like you 're rolling the d8s , and the damage is happening , but the way it 's worded the two do n't seem as linked as they should be . 
  i do n't exactly know how to explain it . 
  i do n't much like the name `` somber elegance '' . 
  love the feature , but not a fan of its name . 
  `` charming gaze '' and `` domineering gaze '' were the name of a couple of abilities the vampire class in 4e had , for example . 
  the description could also serve to be improved somewhat . 
  take a look at the way things are worded in existing charm effects . 
  the biggest problem is `` repeating the saving throw at the end of each of its turns '' . 
  that 's quite different from the normal way of wording things . 
  remember to specifically note the 20 cap for sinister nourishment , or to explicitly mention that the feature allows you to break it , if so . 
  every time wizards gives out an ability score increase , they mention it either way . 
  but all in all , i love it . 
  i 'm not great at feeling out the balance , but from my perspective it seems okay . 
  most importantly though , it has a really strong flavourful feel to it . 
  the use of blood points like a monk 's ki or sorcerer 's sorcery points is a nice touch . 
  the one thing i find odd is that you 've given it a full caster progression . 
  do you not think it might make more sense as a half caster ? 
  especially since it seems they only have 6 total spells that they can use . 
  i dunno , just a thought . 
  this is really interesting , and i 'm gon na have to make a few minor alterations to the vryloka homebrew race that i 'm working on to accomodate it , i think . 
  but what if the rest of your party is a druid ( who can transform himself , and does n't need you ) and a barbarian ( for whom it would be decreasing his efficacy to be transformed into an animal ) ? 
  all i 'm saying is that * if * you 're going to be casting it on yourself , for whatever reason , that 's the way to go about it . 
  i actually love using the terminal . 
  a lot of the time , i find it way quicker for certain tasks than going through the gui , especially navigating the file system . 
  the problem is that it really should n't be * necessary * to use the terminal to do basic tasks . 
  jestakilla is right about one thing . 
  5e * does * work pretty well with parties of mixed groups , so if people are enjoying the game as it is , there 's nothing wrong with continuing to give people xp only when they 're present . 
  but as kenkenken1313 says , it can be less fun if you 're at a lower level than everyone else , not so much because you feel underpowered , but because it feels like they 're progressing but you are n't , and the feeling of progression is what makes the game fun for many people . 
  i would say you should talk to the group and ask them what they want . 
  there 's really no wrong decision . 
  yeah that works much better . 
  but not `` add '' , i think . 
  i 'd say `` deal 1d8 extra necrotic damage per ... '', 
   so the vampire can remove exhaustion, 
  the way it 's worded , they can specifically only remove exhaustion that was gained from their lack of blood points . 
  from the sounds of it , that 's mostly meant to be about flavour anyway . 
   there is a reason the damage on a paladin 's smite is capped, 
  seems like an oversight on op 's part , since the vampire prestige class only goes up to 3rd level spell slots as it stands now . 
  probably just did n't think about the way it could combine with a full caster multiclass . 
  it just needs a brief note stating that it ca n't be used higher than 5d8 or whatever . 
   i 'm just trying to figure out a situation where a player would choose anything but the wight or ghast, 
  agreed . 
  the ghoul is basically a weaker ghast in every way . 
  all its stats are equal or lower , it deals less damage , and it has the same immunities , but not the poison resistance . 
  it 's even mostly the same flavour . 
  though even the ghast seems like it would be much less of a good option than the wight . 
  the wight deals more damage and has a higher to-hit bonus , and , at least to me , it is a better fit with the vampire theme . 
  not sure that it really matters , though . 
  sure , one option is clearly the best most of the time , but maybe you want to go with the weaker option for flavour or something ? 
  perhaps there could be the option of summoning two ghouls vs. one of the others , to balance it out a bit ? 
  i 'd guess that batting is about 50/50 with lefties . 
  i 'm a right-handed batter , and i know a lot of other right-handed batters who are mostly lefties . 
  but i also know there are plenty of lefty batters . 
  as far as i know , the vast majority of people use mouses with their right hand , mainly because that 's where it 's typically set up , and moving it across and switching the buttons in software is a big hassle , especially when you 're on public computers or borrowing someone else 's machine . 
  personally , i say you call yourself what you want to call yourself . 
  unless it 's clearly just stupid and plain wrong , like calling yourself lefty when you do nothing with your left hand except hold cutlery or something weird like that . 
  personally , i identify as ambidextrous . 
  i write mostly with my left hand , but my right hand is significantly better than most right handers ' left hands ( and indeed , i tend to prefer my right hand when doing calligraphy ) . 
  the same is true when i 'm fencing , or doing most activities . 
  i use a mouse , bat , and golf right handed , and do most other things left handed . 
  so i identify as ambidextrous , but i would n't have any problem with someone calling me left-handed , because i 'm definitely way closer to that than to right-handed . 
   sounds hard to track and overly complicated, 
  i do n't agree , it 's really pretty simple . 
  you got exhaustion because you did n't drink blood ? 
  you can remove that exhaustion by drinking blood . 
   another question would be whether it should be allowed to be used alongside paladin smite for a double/triple smite . 
  very good point . 
  i 'm tempted to say no , but then i think of other similar combinations . 
  there 's nothing stopping one from combining smites with rogue sneak attacks , for example . 
  on a slightly different tangent , a warlock/fighter can effectively cast 3 spells on its turn , 2 through action surge , and a third by provoking an opportunity attack and then using a reaction to cast hellish rebuke . 
  it can be * 4 * if you also cast a spell as a bonus action , but make the two action surge spells cantrips like eldritch blast . 
  but to keep it balanced , i think i might change my previous suggestion and say it should be capped at 3d8 , since that 's the highest level spell slot the vampire gains on its own . 
  it 's the same as the paladin being capped at the highest spell slot * it * earns on its own . 
   the main advantage of bringing a ghoul/ghast is the paralysis, 
  fair point . 
  nope . 
  i just tried it with a random flight on the airline i 've most recently booked with , and [ there was definitely no mention of the aircraft ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ckuqp ) . 
  also queensland , the northern territory , and western australia . 
  and all of asia except for a tiny handful of middle-eastern countries . 
  yeah , the real you should know is that you should know what your time zone is , and quote it with a utc offset .
