  afaik it 's because they could n't get ad hits on mobile . 
  nope , this is absolutely correct . 
  flash is a dead technology , and not supporting it is not a real problem . 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  it 's still hanging on desperately in a few sad places . 
  fair enough . 
  i suppose we all go through that stage at some point . 
  yeah , that 's kinda how i feel about it , too . 
  unfortunately these music rights holders do n't usually think in such logical terms . 
  on the internet it can help know if you 're at least basically compatible . 
  i.e. , the genders match with your preferences , ages are within the right range , and , if you are so inclined , it can rule out people who live top far away . 
  really ? 
  i never thought they were in front of each other . 
  op is n't playing violin , ( s ) he 's playing * viola * . 
  there are 10 types of people in the world . 
  those who understand binary , and those who do n't . 
  hahaha . 
  at least as a double bassist you can also choose to play some jazz !, 
  that 's what i love about my instrument , the clarinet . 
  some great classical parts , but also a lovely variety of other genres . 
  hahaha wow , that 's really cool !, 
  now i 'm jealous . 
  yeah , i 've heard it . 
  a great piece of music , though not my personal favourite . 
  i personally prefer the mozart and the webers . 
  yeah of course . 
  in fact , it is technically possible to have a negative base , or even non-integer bases . 
  they 're just so awkward we never use them . 
  oh , it 's more than a * bit * overpriced . 
  it 's incredibly so . 
  that said , i disagree that it does n't have `` shitloads '' of power . 
  people often assume gaming pcs are the most powerful you get , but that simply is n't true . 
  the most intensive tasks for a computer are generally video editing/motion graphics creation ( outside of * really * specialist stuff like science ) . 
  if the mbpwr can be used for these things , in the field , without being a pain , then i 'd say it deserves to be called a very powerful computer . 
  it can do this , so it does deserve that . 
  taking the specs with a mac and comparing them to windows does n't quite work as simply as that . 
  because of the whole software/hardware thing , lower specs can get greater result . 
  it 's 2.3 ghz quad-core ( remembering that many computers are still only on dual-core ) , with `` turbo boost '' ( i 'm assuming that 's some sort of overclocking thing , i do n't really know ) up to 3.3 ghz . 
  or 2.6 -  3.6 if you go the higher model . 
  do n't forget you 're also getting 256 gb ( or 512 , or even 768 ) of solid state storage . 
  that makes a ** huge ** difference to how fast the computer is in nearly any type of activity . 
  like i said at the beginning , i still definitely think it 's overpriced , but there are definitely reasons one should still consider it anyway . 
  what do you enjoy doing ? 
  do you play a musical instrument , do you do any sports ? 
  any creative endeavors ? 
  ( have you ever written , painted , knitted , whatever ? ), 
  if you do n't do any of these now , then how about when you were younger ? 
  did you used to enjoy any of these ? 
  yeah , i was actually more surprised at how * high * the number was . 
  i put a large-ish number for time per week , but that 's mainly just on youtube and reddit , although i ticked facebook and twitter , as well as writing in g + . 
  still , nice survey , and i hope you show us the results . 
  i always say softdrink , but more often i use the specific drink . 
  oh of course . 
  `` shitloads '' for a laptop are probably equivalent to about `` good '' on a desktop , in my mind . 
  my only context is the picture , but it looks like this was n't really a poll , and it 's just strange that they 've set it up like one . 
  it seems more like people clicking on something to show their support for something . 
  you may want to consider cross posting this to / r/samplesize , if you 're after larger numbers . 
  yeah , i would n't want to see that in the violin section at a professional orchestra in a concert hall ( unless it was played by a soloist in a concerto or something ) , but i think it 's absolutely ridiculous that they would do this in a school-level orchestra . 
  growing up in the suburbs of brisbane , i was a little frightened of redbacks . 
  i 'm so glad i did n't live in sydney ... 
  yeah , there 's harder than hl maths , called further maths . 
  the weird thing ? 
  until the 2014 examination session ( which has just started its first year ) , further maths was counted as an sl subject . 
  i found that calculus was not the hardest part of the hl maths course , but to each their own , i guess . 
  would you be interested in getting back into playing an instrument ? 
  a lot of other people have mentioned getting into hobbies , and i know music can be a great one . 
  just purely out of interest , what do you play ? 
  what styles of music are you interested in ? 
  i saw that you 're going to a counselor , and that you feel you 're getting something out of it . 
  i think that 's great , and i really ca n't offer any advice there . 
  i just hope the counseling pays off , or something else causes things to turn for the better . 
  haha yeah . 
  i think the reasoning was that since you have to already be doing maths hl to do further maths ( a rule that the still have ) , they did n't want to use up another one of your hl subjects . 
  yeah . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , some of that integration stuff was really hard . 
  i just found my option topic ( statistics & probability ) , and the 3d vectors , to be harder . 
  i know it 's already been answered , but the depth of field is so small , it could n't possibly be a webcam , and is probably either a dslr or a particularly high-end point and shoot . 
  i do n't understand how people can not do that . 
  it 's the same on youtube , so many people do n't go through the comments on their own videos . 
  i understand that the bigger ones ca n't do it all the time , but at least leave 4 or 5 responses ... 
  what if the movie was originally envisioned as multi-part ? 
  like the lord of the rings , except something not based on a novel . 
  you only put one of them ... 
  where are all the others ? 
  but is n't that exactly what he said ? 
  as far as i can see , your assessment of what you think he means is exactly the same as what he himself said . 
  wait ... 
  what ? 
  could you explain this more . . ? 
  i 've always thought the two were interchangeable . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't think it 's fair that the guy was downvoted for it , especially since no one actually explained to him why it was . 
  it was pretty clear he was talking about biology ... 
  til you ca n't use a typewriter in an exam , because it would be considered a computer . 
  vowels and common consonants are remarkably easy to reach ? 
  look where t and n are . 
  they 're not horribly placed , but not ideal . 
  the dvorak simplified keyboard is truly designed to minimise hand movement . 
  it places all the vowels on the left hand home row , and the most common consonants in the right hand home row ( dhtns ) . 
  where does it make sense that the semicolon , arguably the least used standard punctuation mark in written english , would be a home key ?
