   i had n't really gotten over with the hideous url bar, 
  uhh ... are you talking about the omnibar ? 
  because that was one of the * highlighted features * of chrome when it first came out . 
  if you do n't like that , perhaps chrome is n't the right browser for you ? 
  agree * almost * completely with the redundancy . 
  it does n't add 0 functionality , it has the microphone button so you can use that without needing to actually go to google.com ( because who does that these days ) . 
  agree with the burying of features on youtube though . 
  it 's a real pain . 
  not sure what you 're talking about with the search page . 
  i see a link to `` gmail '' right on the top in the black bar , along with drive , images , maps , calendar , youtube , and g + . 
  it 's possible that they 've removed it again in canary . 
  i run the beta stream and i had this new tab page for a while , then they got rid of it , and now they 've brought it back again recently ( but with a microphone button in the search bar ) . 
  i just opened canary for the first time in ages and i also am not seeing the new new tab page . 
  holy shit dude . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't realise , but they 've also put the `` other devices '' into that menu . 
  then why were you complaining about the black menu bar ? 
  it seems like they got * rid * of it in order to make these changes . 
  holy fuck unis in america are expensive . 
  i 'm paying just under $ 4500 a semester for uni , including student amenities fees . 
  less than $ 4000 a semester when you consider the discount for paying upfront ( although that discount is going away next year , i think ) . 
  that 's under $ 9000 a year . 
  [ washington post march ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxrh1crmmty ) , [ stars and stripes forever ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-7xwhyvipe ) . 
  or if you want to move away from * american * exceptionalism , tchaikovsky 's [ 1812 overture ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbxgylcnxe8 ) is essentially a massive parade of russian exceptionalism in their victory over france in the [ * other * war of 1812 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_invasion_of_russia ) . 
  listen for the mockingly repetitive refrains of la marseillaise . 
  where do you get those ? 
  i do n't think i 've come across them here in brisbane , although i have n't lived here very long . 
  i wanted to like it when i first came across it , but the more i delved into it the more i realised how unrealistic it is . 
  their ideas on social policy are mostly great , but they tend to take freedoms * too * far , preferring that one person should have the freedom to do something which infringes on other people 's freedoms ( e.g. 
  being against regulation on smoking in public places , which infringes on other people 's right to clean air ) . 
  on economic policies they 're just plain nutty . 
  even typical right-wing parties would n't go near the stuff they tout . 
  cutting minimum wage , removing social safety nets , and the like . 
  so yeah , i wanted to like it at first , but now i 'm very happy to say i do n't like it one iota . 
  no , not even close . 
  in fact , the exact opposite is true . 
  if you take a 2d axis and put social issues on the y-axis , with `` authoritarian '' being higher values , and economic issues on the x-axis with right-wing being positive values , most people lie roughly on the line y = x. 
  typical libertarians are in the bottom right corner , socially libertarian and economically right-wing , well outside the range of typical politics . 
  that 's fair enough , and i realise that `` libertarians '' are not one mind any more than `` redditors '' are , and of course have individual opinions . 
  the majority that i 've come across have been against smoking regulations , which is why i brought it up . 
  first of all , that 's bullshit . 
  there are very clearly some issues that relate to the economy , such as education , healthcare , and infrastructure projects , regulation on businesses , and minimum wage laws ; then there are some that are clearly social issues , such as drug laws or marriage laws . 
  not all areas are as clearly defined as these , but on the whole it 's fairly easy to classify . 
  second of all , that 's irrelevant . 
  most people clearly do not line up with a spectrum from purely ` authoritarian ' ( presumably you mean with the government intervening in both the economy and social lives ) to purely ` libertarian ' ( which i take to mean low economic intervention as well as personal freedoms ) . 
  look at political debate in your country . 
  just like in mine , it is between the `` left '' which is ostensibly about personal freedoms and economic intervention , and the `` right '' which imposes personal restrictions while leaving the economy closer to free-market . 
  by that measure it 's virtually worthless to classify most things , since a simpler classification can usually be made , albeit one that loses detail . 
  individual policies can indeed * usually * be put on a single axis , however a second axis is necessary to compare an individual or group 's beliefs overall in a wide variety of issues . 
  as for the claim of hypocrisy , / u/electricblues42 said it better than i could . 
   having regulated economies and unregulated communication is not at all inconsistent . 
  life is n't all about absolutes , we 're allowed to have different opinions on different things . 
  absolutism is a terrible way to view the world , unless you actually simply believe in the issues that it leads to . 
   i have no problem having authoritarian views on economics and libertarian social views . 
  when it comes to economic issues , the wealthy and powerful use the power to screw the little guy hard and fast . 
  the little people like me can not compete with that . 
  saying we can all work together and not buy from that wealthy/powerful person is a pipe dream too , look at how well the boycott wal mart has gone in this country . 
  we as the little people of the world have to protect ourselves from the powerful , yet not over regulate them so that no money can be made , as i also believe in [ well regulated ] capitalism . 
   as for libertarian social issues , well i think thats so obvious that i do n't need to explain it . 
  my life i do what i want with it as long as it does n't hurt others . 
  so you * absolutely * dislike any government action ? 
  that seems the absolutionist point of view to me . 
  though as he said , if you actually use reason and decide that in every case that is what you prefer , it 's fine . 
  it 's if you 're taking a purely moral stance because you just do n't like intervention , that 's poorly thought out . 
  i personally do n't like the idea of an unregulated economy , and i believe that in some cases there needs to be someone who can step in and fix inequalities and inefficiencies . 
  that 's why i believe government intervention is sometimes necessary . 
  i also believe that the power of the free market is very strong , and that in some cases it should be left mostly to its own devices . 
  i take each case as i see it , rather than a blanket view . 
  oh right , i see what you mean . 
  i 'm not sure i see it as that big a deal , but it certainly can be slightly distracting at times . 
  do most guys know when that happened anyway ? 
  i know i would n't have had a clue when it happened . 
  your last question is going to get ambiguous results . 
  there 's no differentiation between `` i have n't had sex yet '' and `` i do n't wish to answer this question '' . 
  similarly , as others have pointed out , other questions are lacking in an option of `` not applicable '' . 
  i have this exact problem at the moment , except with assignments rather than quizzes . 
  i 'm doing three maths courses , and each of them has an assignment every two weeks . 
  they 're on the exact same two-week cycle , and two of them are due on the same friday , with the third due on the following tuesday . 
  not fun , but i can hardly blame them . 
  it varies , but each assignment usually takes around 4 hours or so . 
  it was particularly bad last week when i had a single larger assignment from another course due on the same friday as the two regular maths ones , but in general it 's not too bad . 
  oh right . 
  i must have misinterpreted your previous comment then . 
  it seemed to me that you were complaining about it . 
  voice changing and growth of pubic hair are extremely gradual events , and thus it is ambiguous . 
  there is n't some exact point at which you can definitively say it has occurred , which can be problematic . 
   but to say you `` love batman '' implies some sort of extended knowledge or interest in the character, 
  i get what you 're saying , but i 'm not entirely sure it 's true . 
  i agree that the ultimate aim of any massive fan should be to read some of the comics eventually . 
  however , saying that someone is not a true fan of something just because they have n't read all of the media relating to it is nothing more than a no true scotsman fallacy . 
  the fact is there is a lot of media out there in the form of movies and tv shows , and a lot of that media is incredibly high quality . 
  regardless of quality , though , the fact is that the media is canon , being licensed by dc or marvel , and thus an official part of their respective universes . 
  if someone is a fan of the character that is portrayed in this canon representation of that character , then they are a fan of that character . 
  if we were to take your argument to the extreme , one could argue that someone is not a true fan of the character without having read * all * ( or , in a weaker form of the argument , * most * ) of the comics . 
  this is an absolutely obscene notional requirement . 
  the amount out there is ** enormous ** and following it all is both costly and time-consuming , and may not be all that rewarding to the prospective fan . 
  i personally have refused to get in to comic books because of how they are set up . 
  if you want to follow spiderman properly , you need to read :, 
  * the amazing spider-man, 
  * the spectacular spider-man,
