  and if the former , what elements and genre did you get ? 
  you 're welcome to take [ any of the ones from my collection ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sh/lb76x2g6qdleqpo/urgscuoe0_ ) if you want a kick start for your collection . 
  the elements are the required line , character , and prop , sorry . 
  yeah , watched trespassers and trixie fixx . 
  really cool !, 
  both somewhat less obvious takes on their genre . 
  particularly the comedy one , which was more odd occurrences rather than something which actually makes you laugh . 
  i really liked it for that . 
  will watch sugar now , too . 
  haha no problem , and yeah , i 'm subscribed to / r/tla already :d, 
  not outside the us . 
  haha fair enough . 
  i look forward to seeing the latest one when it goes up !, 
  ( sugar was a huge leap forward over the last two , by the way , so i 'm hoping for a similarly large leap !, 
  haha i 'm glad i 'm not the only one that thinks that . 
  haha brilliant !, 
  loved the shots at 3:10 ( showing the mic boom ) and 4:39 with the ( the sound guys ) , really clever touch . 
  best of luck for the awards !, 
  because of the confusion/ambiguity with social vs economic issues , i 'm a big fan of the [ political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) . 
  a way of classifying people 's political views on a 2-axis chart , with economic issues on the x-axis and social ones on the y-axis , rather than the confusing and often inadequate simple `` left-right '' line . 
  libertarians are positive economics . 
  right wing economics means they believe the government should n't interfere in the economy . 
  on this axis , right wing economics is represented by a positive x value . 
  `` libertarian '' social policies means the government should n't be involved in people 's personal lives , and is represented by negative on the y-axis . 
  it 's worth noting that the libertarian party/movement is not only libertarian on social issues , but right wing when it comes to economics . 
  you still known yourself , you just got ta know the political compass a little better , 
  speaking of which , you should definitely read through their analysis page , faqs , and all the other pages in the sidebar . 
  they 're all well worth the read , ranging from fun and interesting to quite insightful . 
   he is alone on earth, 
  i feel this would be a more powerful statement were it true . 
  but many other kryptonians have found their way to earth . 
  originally , he was supposedly the only one , but then many others arrived , ruining that potentially incredibly poignant fact . 
  i quite like the other points that you 've made , regarding his own internal struggle over who he is and who he wants to be . 
  it 's not something i had ever thought of before . 
  do they literally base it purely on the percentage ? 
  i 've always been taught that they use the percentage as a guideline , and if it 's too high they 'll check to see if the parts getting detected are well sourced etc. , and if not , then if they are actually infringing and not just the result of there only being so many ways to state fact . 
  taking just the percentage is a terrible approach that 's bound to sacrifice the integrity of the essays ( ironically , the exact opposite of what it is aiming to do ) . 
  i 'm familiar with golliwog 's cakewalk ( used to be able to play most of it on the piano ) , but i 'm not particularly familiar with tristan und isolde ( except for the prelude ) . 
  could you link me to the section it 's parodying ( or , even better , explain the parody ) ? 
  yeah , that 's what i thought . 
  it 's neoclassicism , which is regarded as an ernest attempt to bring many of the features of classical era music into contemporary times . 
  that would suck if you work in politics or the media . 
  since they do n't really have a mechanism for removing portals , i would suggest submitting a request to relocate the portals to just in front of the house . 
  that way , at least people wo n't have to trespass to get at it . 
   rule 1 : never talk about religion or politics at work, 
  i was just being pedantic . 
  sorry the joke did n't work :(, 
  if by curving you mean setting a predetermined number ( or percentage ) of people who get each grade level , then no . 
  however , grade boundaries will be adjusted based on the difficulty of the individual paper . 
  i 've always felt that bit seemed odd . 
  it kinda stuck out from the rest of the piece . 
  i never before realised the similarity between that section and tristan . 
  hearing it now , though , it 's glaringly obvious . 
  cheers . 
  quickedit : if you 're not familiar with tristan , the bit that 's quoted is actually from the very start of the prelude [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fktwpgcr7yw ) . 
  not me that downvoted you ( and i 'm surprised someone else came across this so quickly , even so late after my reply ) , but could you clarify what you mean ? 
  if you lie on the left hand side ( negative x value ) , you believe government should be acting in the economy . 
  issues such as social healthcare and other forms of welfare come here ( and those that support these things will tend to be towards the left-hand side ) . 
  if you lie at the bottom , you believe the government should avoid interacting in people 's private lives . 
  issues such as drug legalisation would fall here . 
  i happen to fall in the bottom left quadrant , somewhere around ( -5 , -5 ) , and i happen to think it 's a brilliant measurement . 
  it 's not perfect , but it is extremely good . 
  ah , well that makes this problematic . 
  you initially said `` in every way '' , but now you 're trying to change it . 
  there are many factors that people have described to you in which macs are better , but you 've dismissed them as not relevant to you . 
  for many of us , build quality is very important , especially in a laptop . 
  for others , the access to the wider range of media software ( able to use both premiere/ae and fcp/motion , both lightroom and aperture , etc. ), 
  is an important distinction , especially for those of us who find the apple equivalent easier to use . 
  another example would be that , for a beginner video editor , imovie is without a doubt better than anything available at a similar level on windows . 
  again , this does n't seem to matter to you ( and indeed , this particular one does n't matter to me , either ) , but it serve to disprove your initial statement of `` in every way '' . 
  as for my personal taste , i have one of each . 
  a custom-made desktop tower running windows xp ( though i will upgrade to windows 8 soon ) , and a macbook pro 15-inch . 
  i love having both , because there are distinct advantages to each . 
  the build quality on the laptop is brilliant . 
  you wo n't get anything with similar specs from another manufacturer with anywhere near the weight and thickness of apple 's . 
  you get media buttons that work out of the box ( i 've had nothing but bad experiences with media buttons on windows ) , and a backlit keyboard . 
  and you do get a heap of power . 
  i 'm currently running 24 chrome tabs ( plus a heap of extensions ) , sibelius 7 , a small vlc video , 3 python files plus the python shell , a terminal window , 3 arduino code files , a few other small things ( text files , pdfs , a dc client , torrent client , im ) , and aperture . 
  i 'm getting no slowdown at all . 
  the same could not be said if i were in windows with the same specs . 
  i 'm on a laptop , but the same would be true on a desktop : the same specs get far better performance on a mac . 
  for me , none of this is worth it compared to the cost for a desktop . 
  i do n't care about build quality on my desktop , and i want to be able to run a wide variety of games . 
  so i do n't buy a mac desktop , and unless i have ridiculous amounts of disposable income , i doubt i ever will . 
  but for a laptop , build quality is super important , so the extra cost is worth it . 
  to summarise : your initial post said you believe pcs to be better than macs `` in every way '' . 
  i 've demonstrated a large number of areas in which that is not true . 
  these reasons may not matter to you , but they do exist . 
  have you considered setting up mods or something to get a group of trusted answerers for people in various subjects ? 
  a tired ass-joke ? 
  that was intentional . 
  really ? 
  how ? 
  ah exactly . 
  my point was they do n't have a method for users to submit portals to be removed . 
  your biggest problem is that we 're never going to be able to understand what it sounds like in your head . 
  perhaps record yourself singing it and upload the audio to something like soundcloud ? 
  damn that 's fun to play with !, 
  i 've just gone through entering a few famous pieces just to see how well it works . 
  really accurate !,
