  clearly against school policy , and the school has the right to take any internal action they like over it . 
  also clearly ** not ** in any way illegal . 
  neither a felony nor a misdemeanour . 
  congrats on making stupid it departments realise their error . 
  i regularly install chrome on computers at my school . 
  it 's technically against policy , but i do n't care , i do n't want to put up with ie . 
  the teachers do n't really care anyway . 
  which reminds me , there 's a new one up today . 
  got ta go see it . 
  where you yourself catholic when you entered ? 
  and are you now ? 
  aww man , i thought they were going to be sent to the space station ... 
  you shoulda tried moving overseas , to teach in an international school . 
  you can continue to teach the same curriculum ( or choose an ib school , if you like ) , and the students are so much better . 
  you 'll still likely get shit from in-school politics ( head teachers , ptg , and the like ) , but the students and parents will ( on the whole ) respect you so much more . 
  sad thing is , graphical calculators have n't evolved much since then . 
  texas instruments charges obscene amounts of money for processors much weaker than what 's found in your average smartphone , and software to match . 
  that 's not very french . 
  many thanks, 
  wow , that would really be so cool . 
  how would this public and private key encryption work ? 
  i know , right ... 
  what kind of kindergartener knows the word pussy for anything other than a cat ? 
  i studied the play of the same name in literature class , and that got me to listen to this . 
  both the quartet and the play are unbelievably awesome !, 
  i have to agree the cello is way up there . 
  above the violin , in my opinion . 
  it just feels so much deeper and more beautiful . 
  you say that as if in jest . 
  the bassoon can truly be a beautiful sounding instrument , given the right composer ( and , obviously , performer ) . 
  i 'm a clarinettist , so naturally it comes to mind . 
  i adore the sound of , say , the second movement of mozart 's clarinet concerto . 
  it 's incredibly beautiful . 
  then there 's the cello , as i 've described elsewhere . 
  the oboe , and also the cor anglais can express such beauty , especially when used with the right accompaniment . 
  see `` across the stars '' , from star wars ii . 
  the horn in that is beautiful too ... 
  honestly , i think the most beautiful instrument is the orchestra . 
  i just ca n't pick a single one , i think that when all are combined together in the right way , using timbre effectively it can sound absolutely beautiful . 
  i think i 'd rather mehrune 's razor . 
  a chance to 1-hit ko a dragon ? 
  yes please !, 
  i definitely agree the horn is beautiful . 
  will have to listen to mahler 's 6th again , although with percussion like that it 'll never be as effective with a recording as in performance . 
  lol funny , except that i 'm not the only one finding this too dark . 
  of course it 's going to look fine to you , you 're the one that took it . 
  the ambient light of the room where i first looked at it was terrible , and looking at it now in better conditions it 's bearable , but still too dark . 
  this puts it on par with most [ / r/skyrim ] ( / r/skyrim ) screenshots . 
  is your name ironic ? 
  hahaha that is brilliant !, 
  i would recommend preaching safe browsing habits over anything else . 
  this applies to both windows and mac . 
  antivirus really should be there as a backup , not as a front line defense . 
  still , the other comments give good advice for software to recommend to him . 
  wow , there really is an xkcd for every ( reddit ) occasion . 
   5.25 '' in length and girth, 
  really ? 
  i must be incredibly abnormal then . 
  i definitely do n't have the same length as girth ... 
   most guys are smaller than the average, 
  not sure you understand how average works ... 
  but in all seriousness , this is a great ama , and some very interesting and insightful responses ( and questions , which is always nice ) . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  whoever said band names were supposed to be good ? 
  honestly , most of them are so stupid , that 's what makes them good/cool names . 
  ah yes ... i know what you mean . 
  hahaha , fair enough . 
  that damn obama and his `` climate change '' . 
  sorry , i assumed that was self-evident . 
  true , if by average we 're talking mean . 
  ( remembering that both mean and median are , strictly speaking , a type of average ) . 
  still , someone else explained a good likely explanation . 
  i 'm pretty sure every school is supposed to do it ... it 's a part of the course ... 
  i dunno about how your school does it , but at our school there 's little-to-no emphasis on scientific content , really . 
  more the scientific method . 
  my group asked volunteers for hair samples ( which we carefully cut to a specific length ) , and tested different colours of hair for which were the strongest , but gradually applying masses to them till they break . 
  edit : little-to-know ?? 
  yeah , there 's not much to know about emphasis ... urgh * fixed *, 
  pretty sure that 's actually illegal , if you 're under 18 . 
  i know it is in australia , and i remember seeing someone else in america saying they got kicked out , and the comments were saying to call the police and/or child protection services to force the parents to let you back . 
  did you know this at the time , or were you happy to have left them at the time ? 
  i can see how you 'd say that for lockpicking . 
  but pickpocket it can be incredibly useful . 
  you can get the one that makes it easier to pick money , and then get training for free ( by picking it back after you pay for it ) . 
  also removing armour and weapons of your opponent before fighting is incredibly useful for situations where you ca n't sneak ( like when you come across three thalmor in the wild , you only get the chance to assassinate one ) . 
  then there 's the sneak 15x damage perk , which is absolutely essential for that playstyle ( which i 'm doing atm , and finding really entertaining ) . 
   your fellow non-american redditors, 
  ftfy, 
  either that , or lawyer up . 
  does being a student count ? 
  i agree . 
  i often have to go out of my way to prove to religious people that i * am * a baby-eating monster . 
  [ relevant ted ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0kyu2j0tm4 ), 
  awesome . 
  i ca n't wait to upgrade from my phone that was already shit when i got it in 2007 . 
  i loved the first one , ca n't wait for the next two . 
  but the romance was over the top . 
  they really do n't need to call each other sweetie every time they talk to each other . 
  interesting fact , at the start of the third season , iroh has no speaking lines for quite a few episodes . 
  this was planned , and * not * in response to the death of mako , but did provide ample time for them to find a replacement for the season .
