  like , programming ? '', 
  google drive , dropbox , and time machine all automatically do revision history . 
  unless it takes you until after their revision history ends to notice , all of those tools have got your back . 
  the first two require an internet connection , but time machine does n't . 
  i imagine there 's probably a utility included in windows for the same thing . 
  oh , and for the inevitable time your students forget anyway , you skills try recommending spinrite . 
  it can work wonders on a damaged or corrupted hard drive . 
  yay for 3 2 1 backup strategies . 
  i do n't know exactly when my last backup was , but i know it certainly was n't too long ago . 
  i got time machine just doing automatic backups on a regular basis , and i leave it plugged in to my computer almost the entire time i 'm using it . 
  at the very least , when it finally dies , try running spinrite on it . 
  you may get some extra life out of it . 
  but you can extend its life even longer by running spinrite regularly . 
  did you just refer to judaism as m and islam as sub-denominations of christianity ? 
  i mean , i get what you 're getting at , and your point was correct with mormons , but those two are completely different religions . 
  sure they 're all abrahamic religions , but that 's like saying tigers are a sub-denomination of lions because they 're both big cats . 
  yeah it does n't even seem like they were expecting a long essay answer anyway , so it 's not like the student cheated the system . 
  probably saved himself 8 words . 
   everyone apart from abed felt a little like side characters in this ep . 
  i just want to say , i definitely agree with that statement , although i have problems with the rest of the paragraph . 
   shirley got hard done by . 
  we 've had nothing from her this season, 
  are you kidding ? 
  she was probably the most important character in both episodes 8 and 9 , and i at least felt her character was pretty well done in the ass crack bandit episode . 
   and you might as well write three kids on her identity because that 's what they have reduced her character to, 
  in this episode , at least , i think that was a very deliberate choice . 
  remember , the whole episode ( pretty much ) takes place in jeff 's head . 
  what we 're seeing is n't an accurate portrayal of shirley 's character , but it 's how jeff perceives shirley . 
  and i 'm not surprised to see her portrayed this way . 
   britta had gone back to her ` witty ' anarchist save the world character , again not taken seriously and having her lines become jokes, 
  same deal : this is about how jeff perceives her , not about how she actually is . 
  i thought ( apart from the mustard stuff ) that her character in episode 8 was spectacular , so i would n't consider it an endemic problem this season . 
  the same kind of thing applies for annie and abed , too . 
  they played the role that jeff expects of them . 
  yeah , i mean , is n't that generally true ? 
  as you get older , the acceptable age gap widens ? 
  a 16-year-old with anyone younger than 15 or older than * maybe * 18 is weird . 
  someone 20 could probably be with someone 18 -- 24 without it being weird . 
  as two examples . 
  oh right , fair enough . 
  but in that case , why single out mormonism ? 
  because it * is * a sub-denomination of christianity . 
  i think the mention of that is what caused me to misinterpret it . 
  yeah , power surges would still be just as much of a problem . 
  thing is , they 're not the only cause of hard drive failure -- especially in a laptop . 
  i 'd go so far as to say for most users they 're a relatively infrequent cause of problems for people in developed countries . 
  what is it about cyrodiil that we 're needing to explain here ? 
  what 's the transcription error about cyrodiil , and what 's it meant to explain ? 
  you 're telling me most people would n't find it strange if an eighteen year old was dating a 40 year old ? 
  no they absolutely ** are not ** talking about financial investment . 
  read the original comment that stemmed this discussion again :, 
   view it as an investment that may or may not pan out . 
  there is no implication that this is about `` investment '' in the legal sense as it applies to business and finance . 
  instead , it 's all about the idea that you are paying money for something that you help will get you a product some day . 
  that 's an investment , although not in the sense you are looking for . 
  on the plus side , looks pretty certain ludlum will be getting back his senate seat now !, 
  but we 're not talking about what should be okay , we 're discussing what 's generally true in society at large . 
  and most of society deems it strange for an age gap that large , whether you or i agree with it or not . 
  oh , and it 's worth bringing up that in most western countries , and even most states in the us , 16 ( or even younger ) is already legal . 
  it is over a quota right now , but if they got no votes from the last 30 % of the votes to be counted , that percentage would probably drop to below a quota . 
  ( i ca n't be bothered to actually do the maths . ), 
  pretty sure thing that he 'll get in , but not quite 100 % . 
  you 're stuck on the financial definition of investment , but that 's not what we 're discussing here . 
  in real life , many things can be viewed as an investment that do not even resemble financial investment . 
  if you 're unemployed , buying a good suit might be viewed as an investment in the hopes of increasing your chance of getting employed . 
  doing exercise might be viewed as investing in your health in the hopes of living longer or having a better life . 
  buying a better computer is an investment that you hope will make you more productive , or will help you enjoy your free time more . 
  think of crowdfunding as an investment in something other than the strict sense you 're thinking of it now , and it becomes irrefutable that it is , indeed , an investment . 
  you 're thinking of investment in the sense that it is used in finance or economics . 
  but that 's not what we 're discussing here , and that 's probably the cause of your confusion . 
  instead , it 's all about the idea that you are paying money for something that you help will get you a product some day . 
  that 's an investment , although not in the sense you are looking for . 
  no , they 're not an indicator of how true you statement is , and saying that is just bullshit and you know it . 
  what they * are * ( although really should n't be ) is an indicator of how much most of reddit agrees with your statement . 
  but that 's the thing , we * are n't * talking about financial investment here . 
  again , go back to the comment that first brought up calling it an investment , and read the wording . 
   an investment that may or may not pan out . 
  that sentence has absolutely no indication that he was talking about financial investment , and if you read it that way , i think that 's what 's gotten you confused . 
  i know that 's not the way i read it . 
  but i do agree with you , crowdfunding should n't be seen as investing in a financial sense . 
  uhh ... i 'm thinking that might be a bit much . 
  he 's arguing from a mistaken premise , but he 's got some good points , and he 's been polite thus far . 
  besides , as i said , i agree that crowdfunding is n't investing in the financial sense , which seems to be his main point . 
  ( apologies to / u/storm-crow if you 're a she . ), 
  [ massive spoilers to the ending of the non-theatrical version ] ( #s `` i dunno , the idea of sacrificing himself by killing himself in the womb , in order to save everyone else from him was really poignant . '' ), 
  / u/grottohopper was being a dick , but he 's right . 
  you 're talking doylist explanations with that darth vader thing , but that does n't help when we 're trying to explain plot holes within the universe . 
  it 's like the whole parsec thing . 
  the doylist explanation is that lucas just picked a random sciency-sounding word and gave it to solo to say . 
  but we want a watsonian explanation , and so we come up with things like `` it was through a dangerous path '' or `` han solo was just trying to sound smart '' . 
  yeah i got the impression that his father was also cursed . 
  the ending felt like he was ending the curse for good . 
  also the fact that the mother had had many miscarriages before . 
  food for thought . 
   congratulations to scott ludlum , the greens had their highest ever vote in w.a. !!!!, 
   they will eventually hold power in this country , their policies are simply too sensible to ignore . 
  i like the guy 's optimism , but i ca n't help but think the greens ' massive success this election is something that wo n't be repeated . 
  the combination of protest against liberal ( because we 've already seen what a dick abbott is as pm ) and labor ( still angry about the last 3 years ) , and the fact that it 's scott ludlum -- possibly one of the most liked politicians in the country -- lead to an overwhelming result this time round . 
  i doubt it 'll be as good in three years when ludlum is n't up for election , and the hate towards labor has ( probably ) died down . 
  as a queenslander ( just popping into this subreddit for election stuff ) i really appreciate the use of the term `` eastern numpty time '' to refer to aedt .
