  he definitely did under the existing rules . 
  imo the rules should be stricter . 
  that works for weapons , but shields have a time of one action to don or doff , from the armour donning and doffing table on page 146 . 
  yeah i think it 's because the game rules assume a sort of strapped in kite shield , rather than the arguably more common boss held type of shield . 
  as for bucklers , personally [ i have different rules for them ] ( http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/4kcj3fbal ) slightly different to the standard shield . 
  i also allow shields to be donned as an action , but dropped using just the free item interaction . 
  the action to grab it gets rid of that cheese you described , but allows a barb to drop the shield when raging without having to lose a whole action . 
  honestly though , right up the other end on the very play right before , i was thinking nsw had done the same thing . 
  hi sorry , but this subreddit is n't the place for homebrewery tech support . 
  you should contact its creator , / u/stolksdorf , or use the service 's own built in [ issue tracker ] ( https://github.com/stolksdorf/homebrewery/issues ) . 
  thanks . 
  anyway , for a quick answer to your question . 
  no , not yet , but the creator is working on it . 
  hey , i 've applied an appropriate flair to this post for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  if you are not sure how to flair , you have a number of options . 
  click the little `` flair '' button underneath your post , after it has been submitted . 
  then click on the flair you want , and hit `` save '' . 
  include enough information in the title that our automod script can automatically apply the correct flair . 
  text such as `` fighter archetype '' or `` adventure '' in the title will apply the `` subclass '' or `` adventure '' flair , respectively . 
  be wary when using this method to make sure it is applying correctly . 
  leave a comment on your post consisting of nothing but the flair you want , in square brackets . 
  for example , if you had commented ` [ spell ] ` , this would have been automatically flaired `` spell '' . 
   you just ca n't attack with it, 
  right ... so ... you see the problem there , no ? 
   i , for one , disagree with the assertion that movement should not have a cost . 
  fine . 
  explain why , in reference to the extremely solid arguments to the contrary . 
  ditto for scraping an ability score roll in favour of an entire new mechanic which takes multiple pages to explain . 
  you should * always * submit * every * document you write as a pdf , regardless of which platform you used to actually do the writing . 
  this way it is guaranteed to look correct on virtually any platform . 
  if you do n't bring invocations into it , eb is in no way noteworthy . 
  it 's on the same tier as standard damaging cantrips like * firebolt * . 
  sure , but that 's not the premise under discussion if you read the earlier comments . 
   standing still and swinging a sword versus running 30 feet to my target and swinging a sword, 
  in real life , following after an opponent who is retreating is a completely natural and instinctive thing to do . 
  if someone starts backing away from you , you do n't have to deliberately plan ahead and decide that you 're going to pursue them , it 's the natural instinct of anyone with even a moderate amount of combat training . 
  ask anyone you know who 's done fencing , or probably even boxing . 
  yet these rules go against that . 
  if your opponent backs away from you , and you did n't penalise yourself by declaring a movement action , you are stuck . 
  you literally have no choice but to stand there looking like an idiot . 
   here 's another take on that topic ... 
  i love him , but virtually every one of his videos about d&d is just awful , and this one is no exception . 
  i really enjoy his other videos , but he seems like he has no fucking clue what d&d is actually like in this decade ( if indeed he * ever * knew ) . 
  the only good ones i can think of are about torches and how dungeon ceilings would actually be built . 
  in this one , he 's taking the english definition of the term `` initiative '' , and trying to apply that to the game . 
  is this also the video where he completely hates the basic idea of a turn-based game by saying he should be allowed to run away after his turn is over , because he misunderstood how * thunderwave * works ? 
  or is that a different video ? 
  but the game has a very particular meaning when it uses `` initiative '' . 
  it 's about who is able to act the fastest under pressure . 
  if you dislike the impact of dexterity , allow any ability check to be used , or a particular subset that 's more to your liking ( maybe allow only dex , wis , or int ) . 
  but introducing an entire new system has enormous problems with it . 
  it introduces questions of how various other ability in the game are meant to be affected . 
  how does * guidance * work now ? 
  can you apply bardic inspiration to your rolls ( and how would it work ? ) . 
  what about jack of all trades ? 
  it 's also going to be much slower , since instead of rolling one die and adding/subtracting some static numbers that can be worked out and known in advance , you have to first work out which various different dice you need to roll ( and how many ) , then roll them , then add them up . 
  it 's vastly slower than the angry system ; a slow down * in addition * to the difference between the angry system and the basic phb `` roll initiative only once at the start of each encounter '' system . 
  that last point might be a matter of taste . 
  maybe the slow down is a worthwhile trade for some people for some reason . 
  but vast changes to how a wide variety of other external abilities interact with something should only be done with extreme care , and i do n't think that mearls or colville have truly thought this through . 
  it * can * be done , but those proposing it need a really strong argument for each and every other ability that is being affected , and why they * should * be affected in the way it is . 
  the movement thing , though is non-negotiable . 
  it 's bad from a gameplay perspective . 
  it 's bad from a realism perspective . 
  it has no redeeming value . 
   why would n't you factor in invocations, 
  i dunno , ask / u/rtfree that . 
  i simply continued under their own assumptions . 
  perhaps hypothetically considering if the spell were made available to other classes , or people who pick it up through arcane initiate or some other way . 
  also , see my reply to their reply to me for why it 's * not * necessarily better than * firebolt * without invocations . 
  not sure why you deleted it , as i thought it was a completely worthwhile comment . 
  below is the comment you made in response to my response to your comment , followed by the response i made to * that * , prior to discovering it had been deleted . 
   it 's still the best cantrip in the game without invocations . 
  force damage only has 1-2 enemies with resistance / immunity vs fire which has the most resistances in the game . 
  multiple attack rolls mean you have a higher chance of dealing some damage vs 0 damage on a missed firebolt . 
  if every class that has to firebolt had access to eb , the only ones that would pick firebolt are ones with + fire damage . 
  but fire also has things which are vulnerable to it . 
  none or very few are vulnerable to force . 
  raw , * firebolt * also has greater utility , since it can set things aflame . 
  eb is not able to do anything other than deal damage to creatures , raw ( although personally , this is something i would overrule , because it does n't make much sense from a flavour perspective in my head , and flavour nearly always trumps mechanics to me ) . 
  and the `` some damage vs. 0 damage '' thing is actually a wash . * firebolt * is all or nothing . 
  it either hits and does 2d10 damage , or it misses and does 0 . 
  with a 70 % chance to hit , its amortised expected damage output is 7.7 . 
  * eldritch blast * might hit with the first beam , or the second , or both , or neither . 
  the same assumption leads to it having an amortised output of 7.7 per turn . 
  so it 's a matter of preference . 
  i agree it probably is a * little * better , but it 's not cut and dry . 
  bikes have a specific exception for them , presumably because they 're useful for getting to the train and to your final destination from where the train leaves off . 
  is it just me , or does it look like the security guy stood by and watched him put the fridge * on the train * , before telling him to remove it and fining him . 
  like , could n't you just not be a dick and tell him it 's not allowed on the train beforehand ? 
  i 've already addressed the damage type and the `` some damage '' issue in a different comment in response to you . 
  tl ; dr not necessarily true . 
  damn , 1 sec without an nd filter ? 
  how bright were the conditions to your eyes ? 
  lovely photo , by the way . 
  side load ? 
  is that so you can get an older version than the one in the play store ? 
  i have n't had any problems with the play store version . 
   certain regions, 
  wait , what ?
