  somewhat off topic , but is there an italian word that 's related to the french word `` clef '' , meaning key ? 
  as a musician who speaks some french but no non-musical italian , i had assumed the italian word for key would be similar . 
  so i was surprised to see that key is chiave . 
  true , [ but they can influence the way people think about the nouns when asked to describe them ] ( http://www.cracked.com/article_18823_5-insane-ways-words-can-control-your-mind_p2.html ) . 
  oh interesting . 
  thanks . 
  i did n't realise that clef was a word we use that 's entirely from french . 
  the implicit assumption in the above comment is that we are discussing the inherent difference in how a generic cancer patient will look after losing their hair because of chemo , to how a healthy person will be after shaving . 
  any specific individual may look better or worse , but in general there 's no difference in the physical appearance between cancer and no-cancer . 
  it certainly does seem like the whip 's job in australia ( i would have thought it would be the same in the uk ) is much less important than in the us . 
  this is somewhat unrelated , but was the use of `` man '' in question actually a gendered one ? 
  i know i use the term in a gender neutral way quite often . 
  ( for example `` come on , man '' or `` what the hell , man '' . ), 
  i play as a female in eso . 
  got ta be honest , it 's absolutely never come up as an issue for me . 
  ( though to be honest , i think the monthly fee may keep out most of the more immature players . 
  the whole community does feel more mature than other games i 've played . ), 
  well , you do have the dutch word for `` father '' in your username . 
  i do n't know of too many female fathers . 
  on a more serious note , `` thanks man '' would ( at least to me -- i know i use it this way all the time ) be a gender neutral phrase . 
  no assumption that you 're male at all . 
  could you point me to the mythological figure of avalon . 
  the only uses of the term i know are a * place * associated with the king arthur legends ( i.e. 
  no gender at all ) and the name if melbourne 's shitty airport . 
  oh , and also a run-down old theatre near me . 
  so i personally would n't associate your username with any particular gender at all . 
  you may have , but i 've never read the book or seen the film . 
  yeah it took me way too long to realise that `` general lack of behaviour '' was referring to literally not being able to do anything , rather than just behaving badly/differently to normal . 
  considering death occurs well below 1 % ( with legal limits usually below .1 % ) , 13 % definitely would count for `` off the charts '' . 
  i do n't think i 'd call mount & blade ( at least m&b warband , which is the only one i 've played ) a proof of concept . 
  sure , it 's got some issues ( especially with the awful zergy nature of sieges ) , but it 's very much a fully playable game , and i 'd highly recommend anyone check it out . 
  / r/mountandblade for more info . 
  you can see in the graph in the op . 
  there was an initial dip from november to december which brought the alp and coalition more or less equal in popularity ( alp slightly higher ) . 
  then it stayed stable until mid april . 
  since then it 's been a straight freefall for the coalition , thanks to the budget and subsequent fuck-ups . 
  do you want these to be us only ? 
  because if not , anything about baseball ( which i 'm assuming that first point is referring to ) is a bad idea . 
  also , is n't `` innings '' both singular and plural ? 
  you have `` an innings '' . 
  ( i know it 's used that way in cricket . ), 
  not outside america it does n't . 
   if im mistaken, 
  you are . 
  last time i was in holiday in europe we bought sims just for texting/calling so we could keep in touch if we split up . 
  they 're easy to get and relatively decent pricing . 
  my situation was probably fairly different though , because there were a number of people i knew who were in the area at the time . 
  we were n't using them for international calls . 
   guy was talking about a person from romania . 
  as in , the country . 
  you sure about that ? 
  i just assumed that they meant to say romani , because it fit better with the rest of the comment . 
  i think some of the diplomacy stuff could be better implemented , but i really enjoy the campaign element . 
  i 've never even been tempted to go into multiplayer because the campaign mode is so fun . 
  yeah fair enough . 
  hopefully m&b ii bannerlord will fix a lot of the issues with the campaign . 
  because lord knows it has a lot . 
  that was my first thought , too . 
  but take a closer look . 
  see how stable the shot is ? 
  her head has absolutely no shake at all . 
  she 's presumably just shooting this with her phone held out , so without stabilisation it would be really jittery . 
  so this has clearly been stabilised , and very poorly at that . 
  as a guy with resting depressed face , i * wish * i had resting asshole face . 
  i constantly get people asking if i 'm okay , and then when i tell them i am i keep getting `` are you sure ? 
  what 's wrong ? '', 
  but what if i 'm a physicist specialising in radioactive decay ? 
   what do you want , a fucking cookie ? 
  well , since you 're offering . 
  i would n't mind one right about now . 
  as a male runner , can i just say that i often get arseholes commenting on me when i run , too . 
  it 's not sexual in nature , but it 's still really offputting . 
  things like sarcastically cheering me on , or just calling out `` wanker '' , and then laughing amongst their mates about it . 
  i think people just hate seeing someone else working hard at stuff . 
  do n't go to eastern asia . 
  i 'm not american so i 've never dealt with the american telcos , but from what i 've heard they 'll usually unlock it for free if you tell them you 're going overseas . 
  oh god . 
  are you me ? 
  did you mean to reply to someone else ? 
  because that does n't contradict what i said . 
   his climate/economic stances are , which are probably the worst of all, 
  i 'd say they did n't touch on those because , while to someone like you or me those are the worst of them ( anyone that 's left of centre , or heck , even people who lean only * moderately * right ) , they 're likely to be the most controversial stances . 
  ones that a significant portion of the population would argue in favour of . 
  the ones that they did bring up ( as well as the other points you mentioned ) are just downright bad in every way , no matter what viewpoint you take . 
  ( though personally i have no problem with what he said about the soldier . 
  it was a bad wording , and he handled the aftermath abysmally , but what he actually said clearly meant well . ), 
  i ca n't speak for you , but google most certainly * has * gotten my trust . 
  they deliver a massive array of awesome online services completely free of charge . 
  they 've shown time and time again that they support an open and unrestricted internet , and have generally taken a pro-consumer stance . 
  they 've certainly never done anything to lose my trust , and until they do , i 'm going to continue trusting them . 
  they do n't sell data to advertisers , they sell advertisers access to * you * , based on the data . 
  big difference . 
  nobody outside of google ever actually sees your data . 
  google just chooses which ads to show to which people based on criteria the advertiser gives , and based on the users ' data within google . 
  i 'm going to assume nsq was a typo , and you meant to type nsa . 
  in that case , it 's just completely wrong . 
  google never , at * any point * willingly gave user information to the nsa . 
  previously , the nsa had tapped unencrypted connections that google used to transfer data between their servers at different locations ( assuming that these were private connections ) . 
  these connections have since been encrypted . 
  i 'm trying to decide if your downvotes are because people missed the sarcasm ( and they do in fact care about people outside of america ) , or they noticed the sarcasm , but actually * do n't * care about those outside of america .
