  any plans to change this ? 
  i know there have been a few times when op has changed my mind about something ... 
  awesome job getting in to exercise !, 
  i do a lot of exercise myself , but personally ca n't get in to playing ingress on my bike . 
  riding with my phone in my hand feels unsafe , and having to keep stopping and getting my phone out of my pocket is a pain :(, 
  by the way , op , what is it exactly we 're looking at in this picture ? 
  correction . 
  how any sports game appears to fans of a sport team involved . 
  but seriously , as a queenslander i saw absolutely nothing wrong with the calls in origin 1 . 
  we played poorly , and the scoreboard reflected that . 
  my interpretation of that article is that basically , the similarities in name are n't an issue because that sort of thing is n't in violation of the criteria :, 
   * does not relate to an eligible political party ;, 
  * is not in accordance with s. 126 of the electoral act ; or, 
  * should be refused under s. 129 of the electoral act . 
  am i the only one that thinks , as much as i want to see palmer lose , that this is n't very fair ? 
  the similarity in name and voter confusion that will arise from it is a real issue , and people who want to vote for palmer 's party should be able to do so without hindrance . 
  if it were a company 's product infringing on another company 's trademark that would n't be allowed , why should it be any different for political parties ? 
  side note : [ the uniting party 's website makes me feel really claustrophobic ] ( http://www.unitingaustraliaparty.com.au/policies---the-uniting-australia-party.html ), 
  i 'm not a cellist , but i 'll try and give a quick overview of playability . 
  your f-a double stops are super easy if the a is an open note . 
  however , i believe most cellists would prefer to avoid open notes for long slow music like this as they stand out in a bad way . 
  in that case , they become very difficult . 
  the same is true on the d-b , although to a lesser extent since the open string would be the lower note . 
  all the other ones with intervals of a 6th i think should be relatively easy , as i believe that 's a fairly comfortable interval for double-stopping . 
  that said , i believe it is the case that slow double-stops like this are generally advised against , because they do n't sound particularly nice . 
  i 'm sure someone will come along and correct me if i 'm wrong , though . 
  i recommend checking out [ orchestration online ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/orchestrationonline ) 's youtube channel and [ facebook page ] ( https://www.facebook.com/groups/278568792265515/?fref=ts ) for learning more composing tips , from beginner to advanced . 
  you could * definitely * put lesotho and swaziland back where they normally sit . 
  ah , muphry 's law . 
  i thought new england was a state up until this moment . 
  then again , i 'm not american ... 
  yes absolutely . 
  i only played them in the latter half of last year , and i 'm so glad i did . 
  you get to make all the choices and have them carry forward into latter games . 
  still have n't been able to play 3 yet , though . 
  worth noting it 's not just australian businesses . 
  steam 's prices in australia are abhorrent as well , when they 're not explicitly on sale . 
  oh no , i have n't been holding back . 
  my computer 's just been in for repairs and i have n't got it back yet . 
  definitely going to play me3 as soon as i can . 
  hahaha , i finished me2 in time to pack up my computer and move countries , around early december . 
  because i was only staying somewhere temporarily until march , i never even looked at it until then , at which point i found out it had been damaged in transport . 
  i gave it to a family friend to fix , but he 's been busy so has n't been able to fix it yet . 
  oh i have another computer . 
  just not one that i can play many games on ... 
  could you explain what this fight was ? 
  if * you * are funny , not if the post itself is funny . 
  we do n't know about op , so for all we know he is incredibly funny . 
  oh right !, 
  i remember that thread now !, 
  thanks !, 
  he 's allowed his opinion , but he was n't being constructive or contributing to the discussion . 
  now , whether equally unconstructive posts * supporting * labor make it to the top is another issue . 
  yeah sorry , but [ that 's ] ( http://www.google.com/permissions/trademark/ ) [ not ] ( http://www.google.com/permissions/trademark/our-trademarks.html ) [ true ] ( http://www.google.com/permissions/trademark/rules.html ) . 
  [ google has been very careful to avoid losing their trademark ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generic_trademark#avoiding_generification ) . 
   most x skipped vista completely | \u2200 x, 
  i 've always recommended specifically that people * do n't * get custom stickers or a custom keyboard like this . 
  it 's mainly for when you first learn , so that you can be sure to have the positions memorised and not be relying on looking at the keyboard , and once you 've already learnt it i do n't see the point in switching the physical layout . 
  yeah that 's what i did when first learning . 
  i printed it out and stuck it under my monitor . 
  what did the deleted comment say ? 
  i get the impression he probably deserved it . 
  if you can , try and find a reseller . 
  prices here in aus are ridiculous -- * if * you 're with telstra , optus , vodafone , or one of the other big guys . 
  but we 've got awesome options like vaya , amaysim , and more recently kogan mobile , which offer unbelievably competitive rates . 
  i suspect you guys down in nz probably have similar options if you look around . 
  and one for those in the uk : http://giffgaff.com/ ( and damn i 'm jealous ) . 
  kryder 's law applies to hdds . 
  as in , spinning magnetic disks . 
  it also states ( according to the wikipedia link you shared ) that the rate is much * faster * than moore 's law of doubling every 18 months . 
  the maths should still work , however , because i believe ssds are expected to follow moore 's law , and therefore doubling every 18 months is the correct figure . 
  tl ; dr , your maths is right , for the wrong reasons . 
  tb or tb ? 
  the description and title say byte , but then your comment says bit ... 
  yeah sorry , but i 'm very doubtful that it 's going to happen . 
  steam 's been out on os x for a little over 3 years now , and while there 's been improvement in the number of games available , it 's not been very much . 
  considering linux 's market share is even smaller , i doubt its having steam is going to make as much of an impact as people hope . 
  best thing you can do in most cases is buy a decent dedicated graphics card . 
  most cheap ( ish ) computers will have enough ram for most gaming , and processors are awkward to upgrade ( plus medium-end computers will mostly be able to play most games and decent settings anyway ) . 
  but a cheap computer will have onboard graphics , and that 's where you really take the hit in gaming performance . 
  i believe people usually quote it as `` there are more people alive now than there have ever been '' , as in , the current living population is higher than the living population has been at any previous instant in time . 
  if people are really saying it how you quoted it , then they 're mistaken . 
  yeah , it 's in my top 3 worst movies-based-on-books of all time . 
  the other two being avatar and tomorrow , when the war began . 
   a bunch of political bullshit we do n't care about, 
  the `` political bullshit '' was exactly what i loved about it . 
  it had the brilliant potential to be a sort of orwellian allegory . 
  setting up the resistance ( i forget their name ) to be like the pigs in animal farm , only to resolve it in some amazing way . 
  as it happened , that entire bit of the story was completely messed up and made no sense . 
  we end up with very little idea of what happened at all , politically . 
  not even `` compared to tolkien 's other work '' . 
  it just * is * a children 's book . 
  a damn good one , in my personal opinion , but it 's clearly meant for children . 
  ouch guys , downvoting just because it 's an unpopular opinion ? 
  jesus christ , not everyone has to like the same damn things . 
  i mean , sure , he 's * wrong * , but it 's still an opinion . 
  or you could mention them a heap and overload them . 
  any time spent dealing with direct accusations is time not spent actually shilling . 
  nice try apple employee . 
  i 'm sorry to tell you this , but a lot of people seem to not care how the developer pronounces things .
