  from then on , the movement was just amazing . 
  i do think it a shame the tempi were so slow , because he 's got a brilliant balance going on in the orchestra . 
  i mean , of course this is all largely subjective , and what one person likes does n't have to be what another likes . 
  i 'm just listing off my own personal feelings for the recording as i listen to it . 
  that said , his tempo is quite a bit below the markings beethoven put in the score . 
  still , if you like the recording , who am i to say it 's bad ? 
  aye , that he would . 
  but that 's not how the public perceives him . 
  also , if you 're getting your licence for the first time over the age of 25 , you can skip your red ps completely and move straight on to green . 
  ca n't drive at all between those hours ? 
  wow that 's pretty terrible . 
  people on their p plates in australia ( or , at least in my state ) must not :, 
   drive with more than 1 passenger under 21 who is not an immediate family member ( unrelated by blood , marriage , or a guardian relationship ) between 11pm and 5am, 
  in other words , you can only have one young person in the car with you , unless you 're related , between those hours . 
  it 's to stop hooligans ... hooliganing . 
  which i think is pretty reasonable . 
   in the north , the sun rises late and sets early, 
  in winter , it does . 
  in summer it rises early and sets late . 
  haha i definitely hear it , too . 
  i think it 's the overtones of the celli and contrabassi playing tricks . 
  technically , this is how it * should * be , but in practice it rarely is . 
  my uni 's `` computer science '' programme is basically `` software engineering lite '' . 
  none of the calculus or statistics maths courses , less strict requirements on which computer-related courses ( be it design , hardware stuff , or programming ) they have to take , but generally the pool of courses they choose from is a subset of the software engineering courses . 
  it 's also a three year degree versus softeng 's 4 years, 
  most other unis i 've looked at do something more or less along these lines . 
  they do n't actually take into account the particular details of the difference between software * engineering * and computer * science * , beyond perhaps requiring more general engineering or science courses be taken . 
  this is speaking at the undergraduate level . 
  the distinction becomes more significant at higher levels of study , for obvious reasons . 
  i 'm sitting at a touch over au$ 49 . 
  ca n't wait for the day it reaches $ 100 and i get a payout , but at the same time , i 'm too damn lazy to actually put out more videos ... 
  the best thing you could do is take a free online course in app development -- or in programming in general . 
  coursera has some pretty good ones . 
  no it 's not . 
  the terms of service when you sign up make only one reference that 's relevant to this :, 
   ( ix ) if you are not a resident or citizen of the united states , all services that you use the site to perform for a requester will be performed outside of the united states . 
  that is , if you 're not a citizen or resident of the us , you ca n't do work while * in * the united states . 
  eh , i have no interest in being `` a youtuber '' . 
  i make videos for myself , because i enjoy making them when i do it . 
  the fact that i might at some point in the next few years make a little money from it is just an added bonus . 
  i misread that . 
  speaking of which , if you think about it , any objective , outside look at the christian mythology would probably find that both ` god ' and the devil are `` gods '' . 
  no , that 's not what gnostic atheist means at all . 
  a gnostic atheist professes to know with certainty that there is know god . 
  an agnostic atheist does n't believe there is a god , but acknowledges that there is no way to know for certain . 
  similarly , a gnostic theist believes that they * know * there is a god or gods , while an agnostic theist believes there is a god or gods , but acknowledges that they ca n't know for sure . 
  his character was a theist of some sort , probably gnostic . 
  he knows the gods are real , he just does n't like them . 
  keep a copy in dropbox , and a copy in google drive . 
  i clicked on a couple of your videos ( including the `` bout that bass '' one ) with the intention of clicking on an ad to increase your click-through rate . 
  but i 'm not seeing ads on your videos ... ( and no , i do n't have adblockers installed ) . 
  ah well . 
  at least they were funny . 
  i tried that in a directory containing `` armour '' , `` sword '' , `` cursed sword '' and `` armour of protecting ( cursed ) '' . 
  rm : of : no such file or directory, 
  rm : protecting : no such file or directory, 
  rm : ( cursed ) : no such file or directory, 
  rm : . / cursed : no such file or directory, 
  the end result was everything * but * the cursed items was removed . 
  tifu by not writing my 10 page essay in something that 's continually auto-saving . 
  send me ally our money . 
  `` me '' as a colloquial form of `` my '' . 
  this is what i really do n't get . 
  how could abbott have ** ever ** thought it was a good idea ? 
  i 'm no fan of the libs -- not even close , but it 's pretty clear to me that this can * only * be a vote loser . 
  i ca n't imagine there would be anyone sitting on the fence that would think `` hey , this is a great idea , i think i 'm gon na vote for the liberal party now '' . 
  and yet i can easily imagine some moderates thinking `` hmm ... i was n't a huge fan of the liberals , but i probably would have voted for them before . 
  but this is just so terrible that i might have to reconsider ... '' . 
  ah right . 
  that was the segment with the pegasuses , yeah ? 
  tony is a necromancer ? 
  close ... 
  do n't play with douchebags . 
  this includes ignorant people who hate on 4e without good reasons , and also includes people who kill things for meta-game reasons like `` i want the loot '' . 
  i came to the thread hoping for discussion about the news and what they should/shouldn ' t be reporting on . 
  instead , just lots and lots of anecdotes about people whose brother 's mate 's uncle saw spacey at a gay club . 
  and other mindless celebrity news drivel . 
  and lobelia stole bilbo 's spoons . 
  yeah this is my feeling as well . 
  it 's a big part of the reason i think the most common criticism of 4e , that it 's `` designed around combat '' and has no room for role-play , is bullshit . 
  it has rules for the thing that needs rules , and lets players and dms do their own thing otherwise , for the most part . 
  too many non-combat rules makes the game too clumsy . 
  no idea . 
  i was mainly speaking of google drive . 
  i know word does have that feature , but i 've found it to be ... unreliable . 
  i imagine libreoffice is much the same . 
  could be a country thing . 
  i rarely get preroll ads here , for example . 
  the expected result for any die is ( ( number of sides ) / 2 ) + 0.5 . 
  this means on a d6 , the expected result is 3.5 . 
  obviously you ca n't give them exactly 3.5 hp each time , it has to be an integer value . 
  this leaves you with a few options . 
  give slightly * under * the expected value each level ( 3 ) , give slightly * over * the expected value ( 4 -- this is the method described in the handbook ) , alternate between the two ( give 4 at level 2 , 3 at level 3 , 4 at level 4 , 3 at 5 , etc. 
  ) , or roll for stats . 
  personally , i would say let them choose to roll and potentially win more than average , but likely go slightly under , or let them use the official value of average rounded up . 
  particularly at low levels , pcs are already really low on hp , so giving a tiny bit more is n't a problem . 
  to make it really fun , let them pick between roll or average ( rounded up ) * each level * , but without rererolls or switching . 
  gives them an extra gamble . 
  of course , the options other commenters have given regarding switching or rerolling ( e.g. 
  reroll once and only once if you get below average ) are also good options .
