  at our most recent federal election ( in september last year ) the results for the state of western australia got mixed up , and so this april wa goes back to the polls to re-elect their senate representatives . 
  this was a decision made by the high court at the request of the aec . 
  not sure why the same ( both having an independent body and the possibility of by-elections in cases where problems arise ) could not necessarily be done in the us ( and probably should have been done in at least florida in 2000 ) . 
  i was living overseas at the time , and i was absolutely stunned with it . 
  it was amazing . 
  i was a bit surprised when i found out that apparently a lot of australians did n't agree . 
  it does n't even make sense . 
  we already have a sliding minimum wage : from $ 6.03 under 16 up to $ 16.37 for those over 20 . 
  others have explained to you the true meaning of a mandate , so i wo n't go into that , but the carbon tax thing is very , * very * simple . 
  they could n't get through their initial ets plan , so they altered it somewhat . 
  what labor ended up putting through was an emissions trading scheme with a fixed-price introductory period . 
  this is standard practice and is recommended by economists for implementing a cap-n-trade system , as it allows polluters time to adjust to the existence of limitations on how much they pollute . 
  labor did an incredibly poor job of communicating this fact , and so the media and the coalition were able to present it as lying and flipping on their staunch election promises , but none of that was actually true . 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't watch the video , but is the proposed system there similar to the one john cleese purposes in the video i linked before ? 
  i must say i really , really like that kind of method opposed to other proportional systems like mmp , because you still have the idea of local representatives , and no one can get in just because they are their party 's favourite . 
  2 percent is perhaps statistical error , but 6 % ? 
  much less likely , especially considering the sample size is probably huge . 
  honestly i think that 's a terrible system . 
  it is completely subjected to strategic voting , and anyone voting according to their actual beliefs would be heavily penalised . 
  if you kinda sorta like one of the major candidates , maybe an honest vote would be 60/99 , but really do n't like the other major candidate , say 20/99 , you would strategically have to give 99 to your preferred candidate in order to minimise the chance of your least preferred candidate winning . 
  range voting , like approval voting mentioned elsewhere in the thread ( although in different ways ) can only work if people are voting completely according to their beliefs and ignore strategy completely , but no rational person would ever behave like that . 
  it 's against their best interest . 
  it 's inevitable because forming parties , even if it were unofficially ( if , say , parties were made illegal ) is ultimately beneficial to the candidates running and to the overall functioning of parliament , as well as being beneficial for voters to vote for the major candidate they least disagree with instead of the candidate they agree with the most out of all the candidates . 
  no i definitely understand the system . 
  the point is that giving anyone 50 is pointless . 
  if you agree with someone , even if you do n't massively agree with them , you would be prudent to give them 99 and give 0 to everyone you disagree with , even if a more honest opinion of each of them would be , as i said before , 60 and 20 . 
  let me take the us , and the democrats , republicans , greens , and libertarian parties . 
  if i was being honest i 'd probably vote 60 , 20 , 85 , 25 . 
  however , i really do n't want the republicans to win , and i do want the democrats to . 
  i also want to show strong support for the greens , as they are my preferred party . 
  so my actual votes would be 99 , 0 , 99 , 25 . 
  if i thought the libertarian party had any actual chance of winning , i 'd drop them to 0 , too . 
  essentially , it becomes only moderately better than approval voting ( mentioned elsewhere in the thread -- i found / u/utopiancomplex had some great arguments against that , so i have n't commented on it myself ) because many of the votes will be at or close to the maximum or minimum possible . 
  this is called strategic voting , and it is the bane of many voting systems . 
  a perfect voting system would be completely devoid of this flaw . 
  someone could vote completely honestly , and it would have the perfect effect of not reducing their preferred party 's chances of winning at all . 
  yes , fptp is subject to strategic voting . 
  range voting would in fact be much better than fptp , and if the choice was between those two i would jump on rv in a heartbeat . 
  but you have to understand that these two are n't the only two systems , and i am considering those other options , too . 
  in particular , my country uses av for its house of representatives , and stv for its senate . 
  av is , in my opinion , the best method for electing a single winner , such as for a presidential election , but should be avoided where possible due to its tendency to devolve to a two-party system ( though it has this problem far less than fptp does , in the sense that third parties can still get significant amounts of votes , it 's just that the * winners * will tend to be from two parties ) . 
  my ideal situation would be stv for the senate ( my country elects 6 senators from each state : in america where they only elect 1 , av would be appropriate ) , and multi-candidate electoral divisions elected by stv for the house of representatives . 
  [ john cleese explains specifically how this would work here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsukma1cyhk ) . 
  his video is obviously centred around the uk 's house of commons , but the same concept would work in the us or any country with a system where you elect local members . 
  ( sorry if i linked this before , this thread has gotten rather convoluted and i ca n't remember where i 've posted it and where i have n't . ), 
  i do n't know about other places , but australia includes gst in advertised prices , but on the docket it very clearly states how much of that was gst and what the price without tax is . 
  gst is also exactly 10 % , so it 's not like calculating it yourself is too hard . 
  it 's not really about it being large so much as diverse . 
  australia is just as large , but you could go from melbourne to perth and culturally not much would change . 
  ( though you 'd see an amazing variety of incredible scenery on the way . ), 
  i have n't heard either of those terms , but i can confirm that australians use the word doona . 
  fair enough . 
  it would be better than approval voting -- marginally . 
  essentially , it would deteriorate to very similar to approval voting , with the exception of being able to add some nuance into it , such as my example where i gave the libertarians 25 . 
  that 's not what av stands for though . 
  most people understand av to stand for the alternative vote : a special case of stv with n = 1 . 
  it 's the most basic preferential voting system . 
  also sometimes known as instant runoff voting . 
  your first link says :, 
   another theorem : in range voting , it also never pays to `` betray your favorite '' by giving him anything other than the top score . 
  but it does n't explain why that is . 
  until i actually see an explanation of that , i refuse to believe it . 
  they 've claimed something completely counterintuitive without any justification . 
  i can simply not see why it would not be beneficial for me and the majority of people to alter their votes in the way i described in my previous comment . 
  yeah that 's a problem , but that is largely a problem with people , not politics . 
  certain proportional systems -- particularly ones with party lists -- cause this to become an actual political problem , but for most systems it 's purely a matter of people needing to actually hold politicians accountable and refuse to vote for people who do n't live up to or make a clear attempt to live up to their election promises . 
  the media can also play a big role by failing to report on members not living up to their promises for people of political viewpoints that align with theirs , but exaggerating non-issues for viewpoints that do not . 
  uhh , is there any particular context to this ? 
  or a reason you considered it noteworthy ? 
  yeah i assumed that was the main point , but i was hoping there was at least a little more to it ... i mean , anyone can create a female character and take off their clothes , what 's special about this photo ? 
  why the title mentioning ebonheart specifically ? 
  i 'm probably trying to read way too far into this , though ... 
  i think his point ( whether or not it 's valid ) was that americans with irish heritage behave more according to the stereotypes of what irish people are like than actual irish people do . 
  i 'd posit that this is largely because the stereotypes come from irish americans behaving like that , and people just assumed that 's what all irish must be like . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not american , but i love me some jam or honey on my sandwiches . 
  as another australian , i agree . 
  the uk 's weird mash up of imperial units and si/metric is really strange . 
  it 's like they decided to make the switch , but just could n't be bothered seeing it through all the way . 
  whereas when we did it , we went all in on the new system . 
  a certain date was set and everything was required to be switched . 
  i really do n't get how the uk managed to bugger it up so badly . 
  side note and a little bit of nitpicking . 
  i like that you correctly used a capital l for litre , although you accidentally seem to have used a lower-case l in ml . 
  also , kilo is abbreviated with a lower-case k, 
   `` so , to win that game , a man with a busted knee comes in to bowl his 25th over , and hits the off stump twice in 3 balls with 140kph yorkers . 
  you really ca n't argue with that . '', 
  no , james , you ca n't . 
  it is great to see australia back where we have all been used to seeing them . 
  bloody-minded , tough cricketers who leave it all out on the field . 
  a lot of skill involved too . 
  this pitch did n't have anything for the bowlers on the last day , and they manufactured six wickets with six terrific deliveries . 
  this was just great test-match cricket . 
  and south africa have finally been conquered . 
  for the first time in five years . 
  it needed a man on knees that need surgery to bowl two sensational deliveries in the end . 
  that 's how difficult it has been to beat south africa . 
  and we all knew there was only one team that could do it . 
  it had gone missing for a while . 
  we were just waiting for that team to come back and do it .
