  it 's slightly difficult to explain , but no , i do n't think job security should be performance based . 
  the situations in which they should be fired are not when they ca n't teach * well * ( which is far too shaky a thing to measure reasonably ) , but when they simply do n't do their job . 
  if there have been numerous complaints that they are not teaching what they should be , or are teaching things that they should not ( for example , refusing to teach evolution and instead teaching ` intelligent design ' in a science class ) , some sort of investigation as to whether these complaints are valid should be made , and if the complaints are confirmed , that would be grounds for termination . 
  however a class getting all ds would not . 
  i 'm guessing you 're american , because the word major means something different in other places . 
  i ca n't speak to the uk ( where op 's from ) but here in australia , i 'm doing engineering , but my * major * is in `` software engineering '' . 
  or , to be specific , it 's an `` software engineering extended major '' . 
  yeah , this exactly . 
  unfortunately for ingress , google glass is n't something over your entire field of view , only up away in the corner . 
  you are the classiest shit stirrer i 've come across on this site to date . 
  just a psa , ** do not use a tourniquet ** . 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't provide a source , but relevant bodies recommend against it . 
  instead , splint the limb and keep it as still as possible . 
  then also use what 's known as the * pressure immobilisation technique * . 
  do n't feel too bad . 
  most native speakers do n't know the difference either . 
  no , really ? 
  that took me way too long to notice . 
  losing government also does n't usually happen right after such a massive shift . 
  it makes predicting what will happen afterwards based on previous norms difficult . 
  yeah , the waterproof makeup may be a secret of the kyoshi warriors . 
  yeah , you can usually expect to pay anything from 50 -- 100 % more here than in the us . 
  i 've heard and can understand claims of genericness in its gameplay , but the fact that you say it had a bland story leads me to believe you have n't played it . 
  do so , and see yourself proven wrong . 
  if you do n't have a ps3 , at least watch a no commentary playthrough on youtube -- it 's definitely worth it . 
  that 's nice for you , but for me story is far and away the most important thing for games that i play single player . 
  gameplay is almost irrelevant to me . 
  i would strongly recommend you watch a playthrough ( without commentary ) of lou . 
  it 's really good and i 'm so glad i did it , even if i could n't play the game myself . 
  that was a deliberate choice to prevent the inevitable situation where ai problems would result in her being seen and would ruin your stealthiness . 
  i was n't saying it * does * have generic gameplay . 
  i did n't play it myself ( only watched on youtube ) , so i wo n't comment on it . 
  i merely said that i can understand if others do make that claim . 
  i do read , and i watch tv shows and movies as well . 
  games are just another medium through which stories can be told . 
  player choices * can * be a part of the storytelling , but they do n't always have to be . 
  i would go so far as to say that they * should n't * always be . 
  for games like mass effect , it works well because the player * is * commander shepard , and your decisions are his actions . 
  but in , for example , last of us , the player is controlling the actions of the character joel , and the story should be designed around the what the character would have done , not what i would have done in the same situation . 
  had the player been allowed to choose , so few people would have been able to get the incredibly emotional ending that made the game so good . 
  both types of games have great merit , and it 's up to the developers to decide what 's right for their game . 
  i do n't think anyone here would disagree with me when i say games are a form of art , and the artists get to say how the art is experienced . 
  if they want to tell an incredible story through the medium of interactive gameplay , then they have the right to do that . 
  and i , as a gamer , have the right to choose to play this game rather than something with incredible gameplay if i so choose . 
  if you want a game like that , then that 's your prerogative and i do n't hold it against you . 
  however , you do n't get to tell me -- or the developers of other games -- what is objectively important in video games . 
  this was in response to someone else that replied to my comment . 
  their comment began `` you should consider reading storybooks instead . 
   i do read , and i watch tv shows and movies as well . 
   games are just another medium through which stories can be told . 
  player choices can be a part of the storytelling , but they do n't always have to be . 
  i would go so far as to say that they should n't always be . 
  for games like mass effect , it works well because the player is commander shepard , and your decisions are his actions . 
  but in , for example , last of us , the player is controlling the actions of the character joel , and the story should be designed around the what the character would have done , not what i would have done in the same situation . 
  had the player been allowed to choose , so few people would have been able to get the incredibly emotional ending that made the game so good . 
   both types of games have great merit , and it 's up to the developers to decide what 's right for their game . 
  i do n't think anyone here would disagree with me when i say games are a form of art , and the artists get to say how the art is experienced . 
  if they want to tell an incredible story through the medium of interactive gameplay , then they have the right to do that . 
  and i , as a gamer , have the right to choose to play this game rather than something with incredible gameplay if i so choose . 
  no way . 
  good guy brahms treating all keys equally !, 
  i 'm surprised at how low c minor is for beethoven . 
  ( but not at all surprised about the hight of eb major . ), 
  and * damn * , nearly a full quarter of haydn 's works in the key of d major . 
  that 's an incredible bias . 
  perhaps something to do with how much he did for violin ? 
  ( d major is great because the tonic , dominant , subdominant , and the dominant of the dominant are all open strings . ), 
  i wish they 'd gotten back to that original question about the ets and integration with europe . 
  would be interesting to see how he answered that one . 
  regarding modern orchestral music , the op has already accounted for that . 
  they stated that where it changes key , they used the initial key . 
  while this is less problematic in common-practice-era music compared to more recent music , it is still an issue as most multi-movement works will have at least one movement in a different key . 
  this is really surprising to me . 
  is your condition something they * can * test for , or is it something for which no test exists ? 
  in either case , i think that even given ` mandatory ' organ donation , an opt-out would have to exist for cases like yours from a purely pragmatic standpoint . 
  ( this is devil 's advocate , by the way , i do n't actually think mandatory donation is a good idea anyway . ), 
  i 'm not sure i see this as a necessary counter-argument . 
  it could simply be counted as another type of donation . 
   to what extent is the state justified in doing things that individuals would never do themselves ? 
  i really like that you worded this `` to what extent '' . 
  because of course any reasonable person ( i.e. , anyone whose political ideology * does n't * involve the word anarchist ) would recognise that it is necessary to some extent . 
  that is , after all , the entire point of the state to begin with . 
  but to what * extent * is it justified ? 
  that is in itself a question worthy of a lot of thought , and one that would take a lot more than reddit 's comment character limit to answer . 
  i 'm curious , for purely personal reasons , what were the stats for the two in australia ? 
  that is , in itself , a trope . 
  i do n't remember the name , and there 's no way i 'm heading over to tv tropes to look for it , but basically they exaggerate certain qualities of characters over time to appeal more to the audience 's perception of those characters . 
  [ not always ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/downton_abbey ), 
  i 'm scanning through this thread just enjoying all the people making comments about the real office . 
   i stopped liking it after ricky gervais left . 
  is probably my favourite . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , i was n't arguing in favour of mandatory organ donation . 
  merely that there are * some * things that a state is necessary for . 
  also piano sonata 14 in c #minor , first movement , aka `` moonlight '' sonata, 
  you touched on this , but did n't explain it fully . 
  the way dogs are killed for their meat is absolutely horrid . 
  tied up and whipped to death . 
  apparently it gets their adrenalin going and makes then taste better or something . 
  this is the reason eating dog , at least how it is at the moment , should be looked down on . 
  that was my first thought , too , but i 'd be interested to hear from them why ( or if ) they still think it 's a good idea .
