  i 'll just add that the entire halo series has zero appeal to me , but i 'm not going to criticise the game for that , especially not the next game in the series that 's only an improvement on previous ones . 
  microsoft seems as though they really do n't care about gaming on windows anymore . 
  paying for exclusive early releases to xbox but not windows , making their main series of games xbox exclusive , the useless pos that is games for windows . 
  i used to know someone named christian who was , in fact , muslim . 
  haha fair enough . 
  and ouch , that 's such a shame , it 's a brilliant bit of orchestration . 
  i really need to listen to more of both these composers . 
  every time i hear one of their pieces i love it , but i never go out and seriously build a collection the way i have with some other composers . 
  but ... i like both ... 
  my question was : `` a comparison of how the clarinet is used in the clarinet quintets by mozart and brahms '' . 
  it 's important to note that the `` research question '' does not actually have to be a * question * per se . 
  bonus points for ee-experience stories ? 
  i 've told mine on this subreddit before , but fuck the ee marking , so i 'll say it again . 
  i was predicted a strong a by my supervisor , and i definitely think my ee deserved that grade . 
  i ended up getting a b. 
  another student who also did a music ee , was constantly late to deadlines , put hardly any effort into it , ended up getting one mark more than mine ( his topic was percussion in beethoven 's 9th compared to symphonie fantastique ) . 
  a third student , who , like me , put a lot of work into her music ee , but our supervisor ( she and i had the same one ) predicted her an a , but a lower a than mine , did end up with an a. 
  her topic was jazz influences in tom and jerry . 
  i believe ( as does my supervisor , the other music supervisor who supervised the second person , as well as a fourth that is n't relevant to this ) that i was unfairly marked down because my topic is very esoteric , and because the examiner is not necessarily an expert in the subject of the ee , he was n't able to appropriately mark the very technical musical analysis appropriately . 
  compare this to the more poplur style topics of beethoven and tom and jerry , who both got a higher score than i did , and you see the problem . 
  i 've been told that had my school been one of the larger , older , schools , with a stronger reputation and more sway , that they would have launched an official challenge against the result . 
  this cost me one point , as i got a b for tok , so getting the a i deserved would have gone from bb ( 2 ) to ab ( 3 ) . 
  it should n't end up mattering to my university acceptance , so it 's not too big a problem , but it 's the principle ( thanks ianmikyska ) of the thing . 
  tl ; dr , ee examiners are retarded , fuck the system wherein the marker does n't have to be a specialist in the subject they mark . 
  i agree that it sounds like a videogame score , but i do n't like the way you say `` do you have any compositions that are less tonal or more original-sounding ? '' . 
  that seems to imply that you do n't believe tonal music can be original , which , quite frankly , is utter , elitist , rubbish . 
  you may be right that in order to get into one of these universities you need to be able to write a variety of styles , including atonal music , but that 's not how you framed that statement . 
  right , i should have specified that tonal `` art music '' , or tonal `` western classical style '' music can be original . 
  but if you did mean by your original comment that a completely tonal portfolio is not likely to be well received , then i agree with you , and i apologise . 
  i do feel , however , that you worded yourself poorly if that is what you meant . 
  two finger swipes for me . 
  the water has quite a nice ribonny effect to it . 
  what shutter speed did you use for this ? 
  i imagine that the funny angle you 'd hold the camera at to get this shot ( straight downwards while held out in front of you ) would make it hard to do without camera shake . 
  why point it out , in that case ? 
  if you could care less , that does n't say anything . 
  maybe you care a tiny little , maybe you care a whole lot , all that means is, 
  care ! = 0, 
  pitch bending , as you mentioned . 
  i also think it is helpful to be able to do vibrato , both jaw and diaphragm . 
  circular breathing is a technique that can be incredibly useful if you can do it well . 
  by the way , does anyone have advice for how to learn double tonguing or diaphragm vibrato ? 
  sibelius all the way . 
  it 's a programme dedicated to actual composing of music , unlike some other programmes which are a number of other things with sheet music as an added function . 
  sibelius is just so much easier to use , and comes with better sound sets than finale , and finale beats out the open source solution musescore . 
  agreed . 
  my school did two tok presentations in the first year , and one in the second year . 
  ias for various subjects were spread fairly evenly , ending halfway through the first term of year 2 . 
  we did n't start on the ees until early term 3 year 1 . 
  mine was about two clarinet quintets . 
  the clarinet quintet is an incredibly uncommon ensemble , in my research i only found three from major composers . 
  beethoven is definitely in the top three most famous composers , and probably 2nd after mozart , his 9th symphony is regularly touted as one of the greatest pieces of music ever written . 
  symphony fantastique is less well known , but still probably more known than brahms or even mozart 's quintets for clarinet and string quartet . 
  not to mention that the topic was very specifically comparing the evolution of the percussion section and how it was used . 
  it 's a great topic to cover , and very worth doing , but it 's a lot more easily accessible to a non-musician than mine was . 
  tom and jerry is an extremely well known cartoon , and the specific pieces of jazz music that my friend used in her analysis were quite well known ones . 
  in this case , the ee was about describing techniques used in the jazz pieces , and how they are used in the show , with brief references to its effect on the show itself . 
  again a very interesting topic , but it 's also one that i could give to any person in this thread and they could understand it without having to learn any musical theory ( only look up a few words here and there , perhaps ) . 
  i 'm afraid that beyond that you 'll have to take my word for it , the word esoteric is n't actually one i gave it myself , another teacher did , and my supervisor agreed that was likely the case . 
  after looking up the word esoteric , i was reluctant to admit that that was the problem , but after taking the time to think about it i realised they were right . 
  i assume you 're referring to the difference between sibelius first and true sibelius . 
  i 've only ever used the full sibelius , so i ca n't say much about the other version . 
  you can see a comparison of the features [ here , in a nice table ] ( http://www.sibelius.com/products/sibelius_first/compare.html ) . 
  the main ones are that you ca n't write for an orchestra/large ensemble with more than 16 staves , you ca n't use some less common instruments , and you do n't have some more complicated notations ( really odd tuplets , more advanced articulations , old bar notations , etc. ) . 
  a * legal * copy of sibelius 7 will put you back $ 600 , which is obviously a lot of money . 
  sibelius comes with a great sound set for playing back your compositions , in sib7 it 's 35 gb , and sib6 is 2.5 gb ( and no , there was no decimal missed in the first or added in the second , it 's a difference of over 30 gb ) . 
  if you are going to * buy * a copy , you 'll probably have to settle for sibelius first , which is $ 120 . 
  if you do want to go full sibelius , you 'll have to decide between 6 and 7 . 
  7 is clearly the one you should go with if you can , but the sound set in sib7 will take a lot of resources , so you 'll have to have a powerful computer ( a good i5 processor and an absolute minimum 4 gb ram ) if you want to use sib7 with the high quality sounds . 
  if the sounds do n't matter to you then sibelius 7 will run fine with the default midi sound set . 
  if your computer is less powerful ( min 2 gb ram , but preferably 4 , and you 'll be ok with a good core 2 duo processor , or a low-end i3 ) and you want to still get decent sounds , sibelius 6 is the choice for you . 
  there 's no point going further back than sib6 , because all that does is lose features . 
  the reason i say that if you can , you should go sibelius 7 is because of the interface . 
  many experienced sibelius users dislike the change to a ribbon-like interface , but that 's because they are used to the old interface and do n't like the change . 
  if you are just starting out you 'll have to learn the interface either way , and the ribbon interface is more intuitive to someone with no prior experience . 
  huh ... really interesting . 
  i 'm gon na give that a go . 
  ~ ~ edit : do you know what l and s refer to ? 
  i 'm assuming one is the trill key fingering and the other is the little key in between the second and third tone holes , but which is which , and where do the names l and s come from ? ~ ~, 
  honestly , multiphonics came to mind , but i do n't think it 's something you would say `` every clarinetist should know '' . 
  it 's very limited in where it 's used , and sounds absolutely horrible . 
  if you 're specifically interested in playing late 20th century music , then you should learn it , but otherwise it 's something fun to learn if you feel like it . 
  about the vibrato , i 've seen different opinions . 
  one thread i saw on another website ( after googling , not a website i actually frequent , so i ca n't tell you the name of it ) said that a particular person had trouble remembering to switch between jaw vibrato on the sax and diaphragm on the clarinet . 
  that said , most people i 've seen have tended to prefer jaw vibrato . 
  i suppose i probably should put diaphragm vibrato as another technique worth learning if you want , but not a must learn . 
  for someone that ca n't roll their rs , how do you go about learning flutter tonguing ? 
  and how do you growl ? 
  is it as simple as humming into the clarinet ? 
  if so , do you hum on the same note as you 're playing , or does the hum frequency not matter ? 
  i 've read it and i do n't understand how it could help . 
  it 's seems like voodoo to me , but i 'll reserve judgement until after i 've actually tried it out . 
  not to mention , i kinda like the sound of , maybe not slapping per se , but the keys moving on the clarinet . 
  edit : do you know what l and s refer to ? 
  i 'm assuming one is the trill key fingering and the other is the little key in between the second and third tone holes , but which is which , and where do the names l and s come from ? 
  lawyers , or so the saying goes . 
  unless they make allowances for groups , particularly families , this is a terrible idea . 
  if they were to board people travelling in groups first , and then do the rest by seat , that could work . 
  you have n't really said what your level was before , so it 's hard to say what 's a good piece . 
  i learnt the clarinet for a long time before this , but at one point i listened really closely to the second movement of [ mozart 's clarinet concerto ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxgmork61yq ) and i really fell in love with my instrument for the first time .
