  the american show , over seasons 3 & ndash ; 5 , has diverged so incredibly far from the original . 
  they 've stopped concentrating as much on frank 's care for his legacy , they 've stopped leaning on shakespearean themes . 
  but most importantly , frank has already lost the presidency . 
  the impact of the fall is nowhere near as significant if it 's not a fall from the absolute peak , but more like a slow glide half way down before the actual fall . 
  they do n't . 
  flat earthers are nearly all engaged in a massive game of trolling . 
  prefix each line with ''  '' to have it display as greentext . 
  see [ our manual of style ] ( / r/dndgreentext/wiki / style ) for more advanced style and formatting options on this subreddit . 
  but francis urquhart became prime minister after only the first season , and his show remained thoroughly entertaining throughout . 
  they actually ca n't guarantee that it 'll run all software that would run on ubuntu -- and they do n't try to . 
  they 're very specific about it being intended solely for developers , not for users . 
  the way it works is essentially they 've listened to calls these applications are trying to make to their linux kernel and intercepted those and made the appropriate calls to the windows kernel instead . 
  it 's really quite interesting . 
  [ a recent episode of the windows weekly podcast ] ( https://youtu.be/oiekjgfzshm ) had an interview with the senior product developer for bash on windows where he explains this , and a little more . 
  well worth a watch if this interests you . 
   macs as sound/graphic friendly, 
  the thing is , macs are almost equally as developer friendly as linux . 
  macos is a true certified unix operating system , and you 've got all the command line power you could want , just like on linux . 
  it 's the bsd tools , not gnu , so there are some small differences in implementation , but for the most part it works the same . 
  the bug difference between macos and linux comes in the gui space . 
  and in that , macs are much , much less customisable . 
  but that 's a sacrifice you make for macos also being every bit as user friendly as windows . 
  in a sense , it trapped is the best of both worlds . 
  now i just wish either apple would open it up to be put on any computer , or at the very least go back to making the same laptops they did in 2012 with modern equivalent internals . 
  i 've been so disappointed with the way their computers have changed since then . 
  personally , i have a mac laptop ( plus a small windows partition for on-the-go gaming ) and a windows/kubuntu desktop . 
  the main reason for having kubuntu , for me , was to run my web server . 
  i 'm currently in the process of moving that server across to a raspberry pi , because having kubuntu open all the time is a pain . 
  honestly , i find the general user experience very much lacking compared to windows . 
  the window manager is awkward to work with , the gui is slow and less responsive , even just how the cursor moves i ca n't seem to find a setting that feels as natural as whatever windows is doing by default . 
  i do love linux for development , but i 've been using it a majority of the time ( if you exclude when i 've been away from home , and when i 've been gaming ) for a year now , and i 'm aching to get back to windows . 
  all of that is a hell of a lot more effort to go to than , say , typing ` apt install bash ` , and that 's a command meant for installing new software that your os very much does not come with . 
  this is why in my world i made gnomes and halflings completely different . 
  halflings are still more or less the fun loving pranksters , but my gnomes are highly officious , serious folk , and highly bureaucratic . 
  i treat them a lot like the goblins in harry potter . 
  essentially , just as dwarves and elves are the lawful and chaotic medium creatures , gnomes and halflings are the lawful and chaotic small folk . 
   if that did n't work i would use windows . 
  and now that wsl exists , it might not suck quite so much !, 
   technically true , but i 've never felt hindered . 
  sorry , perhaps i was n't clear about what i meant when i said that . 
  basically , i was really disappointed when they got rid of the mbp 15 inch non-retina version , because that was the last laptop you could get with discrete graphics for anywhere close to a reasonable price . 
  today , the cheapest i could get discrete graphics for is $ 3,600 . 
  last year 's upgrades seem to have made it even worse , getting rid of the much loved magsafe charger , as well as the standard usb ports , and even the headphone jack . 
  now , usb-c may very well be the future , but that does n't help me very much * today * , when all my stuff is standard usb . 
  and i very much disagree with apple that wireless is the way forward any time soon for audio . 
  i use my plug i 'm earphones every day on three different devices running three different operating systems . 
  all it takes is unplugging from one and plugging in to the next . 
  with wireless , getting it set up and paired with the right device each time would he am absolute nightmare . 
  my current mac has the old lightning/mini displayport port , while the older retina models that replaced it have hdmi as well as that . 
  the new ones have neither . 
  basically , what i really want is a computer with the same external ports and peripherals as my current 2012 non retina 15 inch mbp , but with 2017 internals . 
  or , failing that , the same ports and stuff as the old retina computers , but with a reasonably priced option that comes with discrete graphics . 
  but apple keeps making the external hardware to their computers worse and worse , while making the entry price higher and higher . 
  that 's what i wish they would fix . 
   i 'm basically the same on all points . 
  huh ? 
  i love the way macos does window management , and i 'm saying i rather * like * windows , too . 
  i 'm moving back towards it . 
  windows 10 is n't shit at all , it 's actually really good . 
  does n't sound to me like you 're the same on any points . 
  except maybe disliking the user experience on linux ? 
   i feel like you 're trying to argue that the subsystem install is n't trivial but it 's again like 3 things . 
  it is n't trivial . 
  i 've had to look up how to do it every time i 've done it . 
  it 's a number of rather arcane and rarely used menus and options . 
  but the triviality or lack thereof is n't really the point . 
  the point is that windows clearly * does n't * `` come with '' wsl . 
  you have to tell it to go out and download and install it . 
  by no reasonable definition of `` coming with '' something does windows subsystem for linux qualify . 
  whose copypasta is this ? 
  i 've seen it before but it has no name attached . 
  i was n't really even doing that . 
  i just wanted to provide a little more context to explain how this really cool new tool works , and also have an excuse to provide the link to the interesting interview with its lead dev . 
  wait , stallman did n't write the first one my whole life is a lie . 
   they inject ads into the start menu and desktop, 
  it was a linux distro that * invented * desktop ads , and continues to be one of the most pernicious about it . 
  those amazon ads in ubuntu are fucking obnoxious , whereas i do n't think i 've seen the ads in windows more than a few times . 
  umm , that 's kind of the definition of trivial . 
  at least as programmers usually use it . 
  ( mathematics ) self-evident . 
  nobody could work out how to do it on their own except perhaps by accident . 
  therefore it can not , by definition , be trivial . 
  this post is being removed for being unflaired . 
  this is your third instance of posting something without remembering to flair it . 
  you may feel free to resubmit if you remember to flair it , this time . 
  hey , i 've flaired this `` monster '' for you , but in the future , please remember to apply an appropriate flair to your submissions . 
  do n't tell / r/trebuchetmemes that . 
  queensland has no upper house , so if you want your vote to be worth anything , you have to end up preferencing either labor or lnp ahead of the other , and one of those will end up receiving your vote . 
  i 'm rugged up already , [ it 's cold enough here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0xia7ro.png ) . 
  ( although seriously , i 'm in uni atm and i 've been looking at the job market in my industry , and quite a lot of jobs in australia seem to be various government departments . 
  i dread the idea of having to move to canberra ... ), 
  i think the problem is that the overworld map is unrealistically small in order to make it more fun to play in most scenarios , so enemy lords can track you down in time to prevent you starving out the castle too easily . 
  season 8 should be eggball season . 
  personally , i 'm a big fan of champion fighter 3/rogue x. 
  champion fighter lets you get longbow proficiency , as well as an extended crit range to make your sneak attacks as a rogue hit harder more often . 
  in theory , sure . 
  but you 'd need them all concentrated in one area . 
  for the most part , the single-winner nature of irv means that the more populist labor and lnp are bound to win . 
  to put some numbers to it , at the last election , the greens ' strongest seat was mount coot-tha , where they got 22.17 % of votes . 
  in that seat , even if every vote in the first round of eliminations went to them , they would not have enough to survive being eliminated in the second round .
