  it 's just that i know these ads are n't going to convince me to buy their products , they 're wasting their money showing me them , so i wish i could opt out on a per-ad basis like with facebook . 
  that said , the nike ones i 'm seeing are specifically for some sport that i do n't play ( i do n't know which , i always switch to a different tab while i wait for it ) . 
  so the relevance is lessened somewhat : only working for the brand as a whole , not the specific product they 're advertising . 
  wait wtf ? 
  what do they call it ? 
  ah cool , thanks . 
  i would probably use electrical and medical tapes specifically for their respective purposes , masking or duct tape would be grouped together ( but also sometimes just called stick tape ) , and everything else is just sticky tape . 
  i love these sorts of little quirks in language . 
  really interesting . 
  i get highly emotion in these sorts of situations . 
  if the guy i replied to had a similar comment about windows 8 it would probably draw out accusations of being a windows fanboy ( except that that anti-microsoft mindset is n't quite as strong as the anti-apple one these days ) . 
  and you would be right about me . 
  i 'm mainly a general technology enthusiast , though i 'm currently studying software engineering . 
  ideally i 'd like to keep that separated from a general enthusiasm about technology , though , because what 's the point in creating software if you do n't care about or understand the general state of computing ? 
  security has always seemed so complicated to me ( watching steve gibson talk about hashing and salting and stuff just confuses the heck out of me ) , but at the same time it seems really interesting . 
  if you 've got the time , could you explain what penetration testing is ? 
  i do find it interesting that you 'd have a low opinion of apple because of security reasons , though . 
  i know that it 's not nearly as safe as apple would have you believe , but i do n't really know of any major security flaws in os x that have been exploited on a large scale . 
  yeah , much less creepy . 
  i 've got one of these as an official group -- well , it 's more like 3 facebook groups for one course -- but then most of my courses also have a student-organised one where we help each other out with assignments and stuff . 
  really handy . 
  ( that said , i do n't get the hate for blackboard . 
  my university uses it really well for most courses . ), 
  hmm yeah , that does make sense . 
  most of my mac gaming is done with the trackpad on my mbp . 
  personally what i usually do is pull up the sheet music on imslp and follow along there . 
  i do n't know of any channels that have a large collection of music with the score . 
  could you post a link to their vine accounts ? 
  probably best not . 
  i took a look at it ( did n't complete it because i 'm not actually in high school ) , but it asks for your gpa as a point score out of 4 , which ca n't easily be converted to anything related to a levels ... 
  is it the [ kin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microsoft_kin ) you 're looking for ? 
  this is a terribly organised survey . 
  i use os x on my laptop , there was no option for it . 
  when asked how long you use each device , it required a maximum of one response per time length , rather than per device type . 
   select the purpose of using internet on device, 
  which device ? 
  also , the answers regarding not browsing internet on smartphone or tablet were completely out of phase and made no sense . 
  the question about which browser included options for the extremely obscure dolphin and skyfire ( what the hell is that ? 
  ) , but left out the default browser for ios and os x : safari . 
  you also specifically mentioned opera mini . 
  why mini ? 
  it should have just been opera . 
  those using opera mini fall under this as well . 
  i did n't complete this survey , it was essentially incompletable . 
  with a spoon and straw ? 
  what on earth does that mean ? 
   well , really for the reason that there is only one way to arrange nothing, 
  to be fair , that 's just a more elegantly worded way of saying exactly what / u/andrewneo said . 
  yeah same here , and i get that a lot when i look up references from recent reddit threads . 
  the time magazine ( hardly a `` random magazine '' , really , fwiw ) person of the year in 2006 was `` you '' . 
  of course , that only works because `` average '' is understood to mean mean . 
  technically , mean is only one type of average , and if you were to use either median or mode instead , the average would be 2 . 
  i do n't know about you , but when i was taught in primary school maths , we were taught it exactly as i described it . 
  all three are types of averages , it 's just that mean is usually meant when one simply says `` average '' . 
  i do n't have floris , but my lances couch automatically once i reach the right speed . 
  see , that 's what i think about `` streets ahead '' . 
  i 'm sure i 've heard of it outside of the context of community . 
  but wrinkles my brain ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that one ... i thought it originated with community . 
  you still did n't * really * answer op 's question . 
  you described , in great detail , the process of going from a `` social smoker '' ( by the way , was n't it canada that had the ads about how there 's no such thing as a social smoker ? ), 
  to becoming addicted . 
  but op very specifically said why would you * start smoking * . 
  why would you pick up that very first cigarette ? 
  the risks of it are incredibly well known ( i would go further than op , and say anybody younger than about 40 today ) , so what reason could you honestly give for * not * staying away from it like the plague , in the same way you would cocaine or heroin ? 
  off topic , but where are you that a schooner is 12 oz ( 355 ml ) ? 
  as i know it , the term most often refers to 425 ml ( 15 imperial ounces , in qld , nsw , and nt ) , but could also be 285 ml ( 10 imp . 
  oz , in sa ) , 946 ml ( 32 oz , in canada ) , or a minimum of 532 ml ( 18 oz ) in the us . 
  that 's not what native android looks like . 
   electives generally account for roughly a third of your classes unless you 're going for a degree of questionable worth, 
  can i just say , this seems a uniquely american thing . 
  i 'm studying engineering in australia , and my degree is 64 units ( most courses are two units each , so i 'll study 32 courses ) . 
  of those , because i 'm doing an `` extended '' major in software engineering , 60 come from the list of software engineering related courses . 
  even if i was n't doing an extended major , but just a standard software engineering , it would be a minimum of 50 units from the approved list , but even those last 14 must get approval from the executive dean of engineering if you want to do something from outside of that list . 
  so , much less than a third for me . 
  slightly off topic , but just something interesting that i 've noted . 
  unfortunately not . 
  on tablets in native android the option is there , but not phones . 
  it 's also one of the biggest expat cities for australians in asia , along with with singapore and kl . 
  it 's not the brightness that 's important , it 's the temperature . 
  your brain recognises high colour temperatures ( blues and whites ) as representing the middle of the day , while lower colour temperatures ( reds and yellows ) are associated with dusk , and thus your body will feel as though it is closer to being time to sleep . 
  just remember to turn it off before doing any colour-sensitive work e.g. 
  photo editing . 
  at what level ( s ) should they learn music ? 
  at least in australia , it 's standard in primary school , and probably up until the last two years of high school ( i do n't know , i left half way through primary school ) . 
  in the uk system , i believe it 's standard up until the start of igcses in the 4th last year of secondary school . 
  do you agree with these systems , or believe it should be required until the end of secondary school ? 
  i get that for learning to play an instrument , but would you not also consider it important to learn basic `` music appreciation '' , as it is sometimes referred to ? 
  the ability to analyse a piece of music in the same way english class teaches you to analyse a poem , play , or prose . 
  things such as understanding cultural causes and impacts go along with that , too . 
  if anything , i might say that this is * more * important for everyone to understand , just as that is what is taught in english , rather than the ability to actually write a novel . 
  sure , mean is normally interchangeable with average , but that 's only because of an understanding that that is what is typically meant . 
  however , yes , there are other types of average , most commonly ( after mean ) median and mode . 
  all it takes is a simple google search for `` types of average '' to prove this . 
  the top result [ is this wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/average ) , which states in the lead `` in colloquial language average usually means the sum of a list of numbers divided by the size of the list , in other words the arithmetic mean . 
  however , it can alternatively mean the median , the mode , or some other central or typical value . '', 
  this essentially verifies exactly what i previously said . 
  i 'm guessing you 're from yorkshire , then ? 
  honestly ... i do n't think anyone would ever ask me that question . 
  i have n't heard the term ` skin coloured ' pencil/pen since early primary school ( year 1/2 , * maybe * 3 ) .
