  it 's also legal , like , basically everywhere . 
  the vast majority of western and asian countries have an age of consent of 16 * or lower * . 
  even in america , most states use 16 , not 18 , as their age . 
  half life . 
  i bought the whole series when it was on sale one time . 
  got about two thirds of the way through the first game before i realised it just is n't worth trying to force myself through this game that i 'm not enjoying . 
  a game with puzzles and platformer mechanics where objects move half way across the room with a light touch , and you ca n't actually jump right before reaching the edge is just not a well-made game . 
  not to mention how awful ladders are . 
  and the story , the most-hyped element of the series , is basically non-existent . 
  there 's nothing interesting or particularly bad about it . 
  there 's just nothing there . 
  fishbowl does n't work . 
  only one side is a fish . 
  both halves of bastard bowl are bastards , and same goes for all the other bowls . 
  i thought 3 was great , but 4 was pretty weak tbh . 
  the villain just did n't feel as engaging or as believable as a threat . 
  i would echo the sentiments of other comments that it 's worth giving another go . 
  it 's never going to be as good as the original , but it 's still well above the average level of kids ' programming . 
  however , even if you do n't bother with the whole show , you ** have ** to watch season 2 episodes 7 and 8 . 
  titled `` beginnings '' parts 1 and 2 , they are some of the best stuff mike and bryan ever did . 
  easily on par with the best of the original show . 
  and the way it 's written , it can easily be watched standalone without missing anything substantial . 
  i can totally get that . 
  there are games i 'm nostalgic for that i still enjoy today that i can quite confidently are not games that hold up today . 
  the thing is , i so frequently see people defend half life and claim that it * is * still enjoyable today , that it still holds up , even for someone 's first time . 
  and from my experience , that 's just not true . 
  wow , somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning . 
  but anyway , all that link does is prove me right . 
  look at the language they use . 
  force clicking is the act of pressing harder to achieve a different result , like creating popovers to quickly reveal extra information . 
  haptic feedback is what it does to make it feel like you 're actually clicking on a moveable button even though you 're not . 
  just because they 've tied these two bits of functionality to the same setting toggle , does n't mean they 're the same thing , and apple 's descriptions even acknowledge this . 
  not likely , to be honest . 
  most things have already switched to 64-bit time , and we 've got over 20 years to get the remaining things on board . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'm 90 % sure you just explained this to someone that already knows ... 
  could always start with episode 3 , then . 
   her whole empire was the threat, 
  that 's really where the problem lies , in my opinion . 
  the fact that she was able to build up this empire that was happily working together against both the earth kingdom and the united republic . 
  she never made a compelling enough argument on screen that i could see her gaining that many followers , and she never came across as charismatic enough to just assume she 'd be able to gain them . 
  for a villain like kuvira to have worked , we needed to see the build up . 
  actually * see * how she gained enough followers to go from being in charge of stabilising the earth kingdom to conquering it and turning against the united republic . 
  it would have helped on two fronts . 
  we would have been able to understand and better believe the situation presented as the threat of the season , but we also would have been better able to sympathise with the villain . 
  could have made for an interesting morally grey story . 
  unfortunately , it probably would have required a full season to do things that way , not the half seasons that korra was given . 
  not to mention it would have been difficult to write korra 's storyline to be interesting to last that whole time . 
  plus , the awful forced romances : both korrasami and varrli ( or is it zhurick ? 
  ) , certainly did n't help with the quality of the season , and neither did the lower budget ( that clip episode they had to do was just awful ) . 
   ca n't be trusted to keep the minimum wage high enough, 
  there 's your problem . 
  you 're trying to argue in favour of smart economic policies with a libertarian . 
  a libertarian would probably look at your state 's low minimum wage and say `` they 're doing it right , we need less federal power and more state power so more places can be like that ! '', 
   they 're not really `` small government '' as much as they are conservatives who like weed and dont have that much of an issue with gay people, 
  i mean , i hate libertarians as much as any other person with morals and a basic understanding of economics , but come on . 
  i 'm sure there are some people who self-describe as libertarians that fulfill that description , but that 's not even close to an accurate description of them . 
  oh that 's not what i was referring to . 
  google drive can also be used in a similar way to dropbox , as a file syncer . 
  both dropbox and google drive allow you to copy a direct link to that file ( for example , [ here ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b5rrdiym5hn4q1zvuy1vs0w5beu/view ) is a pdf someone uploaded and shared on / r/unearthedarcana , looking at the url is the important part , not the content of the link itself ) . 
  the reason i recommend google drive and not dropbox is that dropbox is * painfully * slow to load the file for the person you 're sharing the link with . 
  the conversion to google sheets * might * be useful , but it might end up being more trouble than it 's worth , depending on the size of this spreadsheet and what features it 's using . 
  i probably will give it a go , once it 's finished . 
  there 's no need to apologise for invoking muphry 's law . 
  i 'm amazed at the assertion that it 's 30 miles and that 's just so far . 
  my grandparents live about 80 km from me as the crow flies , and that 's basically just the next town over . 
  here it would only cost $ 13 for the trip , though , so \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  well it was n't . 
  at least for me . 
  i had no idea what you were on about until i read the comments . 
  eh , if you live in a city it 's pretty easy . 
  a bike is a really convenient mode of transport , being completely free to use once you 've got it ( no paying for petrol , parking , and far , far less maintenance cost ) , and easier to find a place to lock it up closer to your destination than is often possible with a car . 
  public transportation is readily accessible and generally pretty convenient for journeys too long for a bike , or where you need to carry stuff . 
  yes . 
  it 's a damn pain . 
  i really wish they could just integrate it with gocards , on the condition that your gocard is connected to a credit/debit card . 
  that would make it such a useful system . 
  i happen to be a big fan of classical music , and the abc 's station is seriously amazing . 
  a good mix of the well-known favourites and lesser known pieces from all across musical history . 
  plus they have a non-geolocked online stream , which i just love , especially when i 'm overseas . 
  it 's an in-joke more than anything else . 
  it 's good practice , wherever you are , to have lights on when it rains , as it increases visibility . 
  but for some reason , every time it rains in brisbane , / r/brisbane-ers make a post reminding people of this fact and/or criticising drivers that do n't do it , to the point that it 's become a recurring joke . 
  edit : oh , and it 's only while driving . 
  do n't leave your car lights on while in the driveway at home . 
   ~ ~ brisbane 's ~ ~ real estate agents are the biggest oxygen thieves on the planet, 
  ftfy . 
  realtors are barely a step above insurance agents the world over , it 's not a brissy thing . 
   telecom services are similarly expensive, 
  i 'm assuming you 're criticising the prices here for being overly expensive . 
  this is true in australia only if you do n't shop smart . 
  telstra and optus are stupidly expensive , but if you go with an mvno you can get extremely good deals . 
  that 's * probably * true in canada too , but i ca n't say for certain . 
  i know i 've heard of decent mvnos in america , though from my looking the american mvnos are crazy expensive compared to what an aussie mvno can get you . 
  i would highly recommend [ yomojo ] ( https://www.yomojo.com.au/ ) , since you can build a custom plan with exactly as much data , calls , and sms as you need ( and international calls , if you want that -- personally i use skype for mine so it does n't matter ) , keeping the price extremely low if you do n't use a lot of one or two of those factors . 
  also good are [ vaya ] ( http://www.vaya.net.au/ ) and [ amaysim ] ( https://www.amaysim.com.au ) . 
  the great thing about * all * of these is that they 're not lock-in contracts . 
  if you 're with them for a month and decide you do n't like the service , you can always switch to a different plan or a different company entirely . 
   not to mention he was the only person we never saw roll for stats , and he ended up with an all star array, 
  this would have been my first point of contention . 
  i like rolling for stats , i think it makes for more interesting parties , where some characters are really good at one thing and others are kinda good at a bunch of things , and anything in between ( i also require rerolls for characters too good at too many things , and allow them for characters too bad at too many things , but that 's just me ) .
