   if they actually disagree with the terror laws, 
  whether the us asked them to do it or not , abbott and his crew would have been backing this 100 % . 
  i 'm a little more disappointed , though not entirely surprised , to see that the labor opposition gave this the support it needed to make it through the senate . 
  sorry , tones , but you are . 
  i lived there for a little under 6 years . 
  internet is absolute crap . 
  besides the speeds being terrible when they 're working , it 'll frequently go out completely , and the government occasionally decides to be `` tough '' on censorship and you 'll have to make some minor fix to access sites like facebook . 
  ( usually it 's as simple as using a manual dns . ), 
  just about everything else about the place is absolutely fantastic . 
  the people are incredibly friendly , it 's a really cheap place , and it 's an absolutely beautiful place , once you get out of the city . 
  definitely true . 
  i do n't think i 've seen this in any major news outlet . 
  heck , i only saw anything about it at all maybe one or two days ago . 
  rudd was a bad leader . 
  pretty much his entire party hated him , it 's why he got kicked out by gillard in the first place . 
  that said , i would take * any * labor government over this fucking mob . 
  it 's terrifying . 
  once every three years in australia . 
  and it 's spelt labor party , for some reason . 
  there 's always the greens . 
  if this had n't happened so far out from a federal election i would have strong hopes that it would dramatically increase the green vote . 
  but in two years ' time , we 'll have forgotten about this , unfortunately . 
  i do n't know how interested in this you are , but if you want some really great learning material on computers , i 'd highly recommend the [ security now !, 
  ] ( http://twit.tv/show/security-now/1 ) podcast , going through from episode 1 . 
  there 's a lot of actual security news , which you can probably just skip , since it 's outdated , but some of the episodes teach stuff like networking , encryption , computer architecture , etc. 
  a number of them have touched on programming in assembly , since one of its hosts is a programmer who works exclusively in assembly . 
  it 's pretty easy to digest , and since it 's in audio form you can listen while you would otherwise be unable to do much at all ( like driving , doing many household tasks , eating , etc. 
  it 's funny , the directors i 've worked with have been incredibly nice people . 
  but at some point between two weeks and a month from opening something flips in them that just makes them go completely insane . 
  not exactly . 
  last week they staged a big operation -- lots of media coverage -- where they arrested some people involved in an alleged terrorist plot . 
  how real that threat actually was is ... up for debate . 
  regardless , they have definitely been using that as an excuse to get this stuff passed . 
  what 's so terrible about that particular situation is that he really * was n't * all that at fault . 
  when he said ` shit happens ' he clearly meant ` sometimes shit goes wrong , despite all planning ' . 
  he could have just fucking explained what he meant . 
  but no , instead he just stands there bobbing his head like someone who belongs in a psychiatric ward . 
  i think asis is like america 's cia . 
  asio is probably more analogous to their nsa . 
  the problem is , of course , unless you live in melbourne , chances are eventually your vote will have to go to either labor or lnp . 
  sure , i 'll be voting for the pirate party and the greens ahead of them ( as i did last year ) , but eventually i got ta put labor ahead of lnp ( or vice versa , if i were so inclined ) . 
   also australian politics are ass backwards you cant even vote for who you want you vote party right and they decided who they nominate what in the fuck kind of backwards shit is that . 
  yeah , mate , this is n't an ass backwards system . 
  it 's representative democracy how it 's supposed to work . 
  disregard the president , and it 's how the us system works . 
  think of the leader of the house as our prime minister . 
  you wan na point to some things pre-abbott that make australia worse than the us ? 
  this is the names of every senator , not just the ones that voted it in . 
  i have n't been able to find a list of the ones that voted it in , but it 's safe to say all or nearly all liberal senators did , probably the same for labor , and palmer . 
  the greens voted against it . 
  as for the others ... no idea . 
  do they have a different order for writing things ? 
  \\* raises hand * i do . 
  i got my passport , driver 's licence ( well , learner 's permit ) , adult proof of age card ( that i got before i got my learner 's to prove i 'm 18 and can drink , basically ) , and student id , the latter of which is generally acceptable as a secondary id in my state , but any of the first three count as primary id . 
  but i definitely agree with your point . 
  should n't be necessary to go through that much effort for these things . 
  to get a passport or licence , sure , but part of the point of having these is so that they can be used to identify you elsewhere , and you should n't need any further id in most circumstances . 
  even when it 's in english ? 
  yeah , harold holt went for a swim and presumably drowned . 
  the queen ( or , more likely , the queen 's representative , the governor general ) is the official head of state , and thus can dissolve parliament and is officially responsible for appointment of ministers . 
  the thing about the westminster system ( used in at least australia , the uk , canada , and new zealand ) is that it relies very heavily on convention . 
  that convention has only * very * rarely been broken . 
  in fact , in all of australia 's history , i can only really think of one example ( albeit a very notorious example -- it 's known as `` australia 's constitutional crisis '' ) . 
  these reserve powers are an incredibly important part of the system . 
  they mean that if a government is unable to do its job ( in particular , if it ca n't get supply past the senate ) , we do n't run into issues like the us has frequently where they risk having no budget at all ( and the country essentially ` shutting down ' ) . 
  instead , the gg will just dismiss the government . 
  now , i would vastly prefer it if the governor general were not associated with a hereditary monarchy , although i 'm a republican ( not in the us political sense , in the original sense ) who would also prefer * not * to have a popularly elected president , although that 's a big rift among australian republicans -- and a big part of the reason the republican referendum failed in 1999 . 
  but the powers that the gg has are ones i 'm glad exist in an a-political entity . 
  seems like it would n't be too hard most of the time to just flip it , rather than having people read backwards . 
  dude you 're supposed to be on the * people 's * side . 
  urgh with the roundabouts . 
  seriously people , the rules are n't that hard . 
  before you enter the roundabout , and while traversing it , you indicate in the direction of your final location ( relative to where you started ) . 
  i.e. , if you 're turning left , put your left blinker on . 
  if you 're going straight , do n't indicate , and if you 're turning right , use the right blinker . 
  then , just as you 're about to exit , indicate left . 
  simple . 
  specifically ? 
  i remember some talk about regulation that ended up being dropped , but that 's it . 
  / u/dannyr was either making a joke , or was deliberately trolling for downvotes . 
  do n't feel too bad for him . 
  if he actually wanted to present a reasoned argument for why it 's a good idea , and * still * got downvoted , then you can feel bad . 
  from what i heard about it earlier in development , it seems like one of those world war z situations , where they had something that was awesome , and then the execs decided to force an ip upon it . 
  it 's good if you ignore the fact that it makes no sense within the universe it 's supposed to be set . 
  again , i say this based only on vague memories from what people on reddit and elsewhere said about an earlier look at the game , not my own actual experience . 
  i want to hear the one for avatar , if there is one . 
  do n't worry skittle . 
  it 's not paranoia when you are being watched . 
  sounds like desert bluffs/nightvale to me . 
  nah , 3 's a great game . 
  miles better than any non-age rts imo . 
  my order of preference hoed aom , aoe 2 , aoe 3 , aoe , but honestly there 's not much in it . 
  do n't get me wrong , they 're great games . 
  for me , though , i 've always found myself coming back to the age of empires series . 
  really ? 
  i always found them much more underpowered than their visual design would suggest they should be . 
  plus they 're basically as difficult to build as a wonder . 
  it makes sense that they would be op . 
  i actually really liked the home shipment stuff . 
  i thought it added an interesting unique extra element to the gameplay .
