  smaller f/values means a large hole . 
  this lens is probably f/2 .8 , although cheaper long lenses are probably f/4 at best . 
  a standard 50 mm prime lens is f/1 .8 . 
  oh it does . 
  probably . 
  a vm is basically a computer that runs virtually on the hardware of another device . 
  in your case , you were probably connecting to a vm on a server with dozens of other vms running on it , all sharing the same resources . 
  you were using a citrix service to remote connect to the vm on this server . 
  the computer you were actually using physically would be called the host machine in relation to the remote connection , but there 's no term for it in relation to the vm since it 's running on separate hardware . 
  could you explain those other games ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of them before . 
  that sounds really cool !, 
  i gather gre calibre means really hard words , but how exactly do you decide which words qualify ? 
  aaahh right . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , the first time you do it they give you a bit of text on the screen that kinda helps , but its instructions are n't really all that great , and people are obviously frequently going to just skip it . 
  i managed to figure most of it out from the instructions and trial and error , but there are a heap of things i 'm still not sure about , especially regarding enchanting . 
  goggles is actually older than that . 
  the wikipedia article says it was released for ios in october 2010 , and was on android earlier than that . 
  not to mention the article actually pokes fun at the idea that it 's probably going to be really wrong . 
  the cheaper end of smartphones is around $ 300 , a price at which you can certainly get some really cheap laptops . 
  not wrong at all . 
  out of context and does n't apply to this situation for many reasons , but in the right context it is completely correct . 
  taking photos of interesting events or objects in an artistic manner is an extremely enjoyable activity by itself , and can certainly cause you to notice more about what it is you 're taking a photo of , by virtue if having to frame the image well and decide how to make it look its best . 
  but videoing a live event is n't like that . 
  you 're just sticking your phone ( or in this case laptop ... ) in the general direction of the action and letting it record . 
  typos and autocorrect not working correctly ! = bad grammar . 
  yeah i was deliberately ignoring the whole context of this thread and all the earlier comments , and instead replying only to the comment directly above mine . 
   if police catch you with a bong , they can seize it and give you a slap on the wrist , suspecting you might have been , or were planning to smoke marijuana with it . 
  not true . 
  we had a cop come to my college last year and he basically explained that they ca n't do this . 
  what they can do is test it for trace amounts of marijuana and if they find any , penalties apply . 
  but simply having it ( you can claim it 's for decorative purposes ) is perfectly legal . 
  that 's exactly what the cop that came to my college last year also explained . 
  this reads like an seo keyword packed article on `` rights violations '' or something similarly silly . 
  the fastest technique would be to disable everything and re-enable them one by one until ads start to appear . 
  i use res and pushbullet , and neither of those is giving be ads . 
  keep is from google themselves so you know it 's fine . 
  and adblock is a pretty obvious safe bet for not being the culprit . 
  i would enable all of those at once and wait a while , then do the others one at a time . 
  use chrome 's built in extension manager rather than a third party one . 
  no i would n't find that fair enough . 
  the stuff on those sites is n't * illegal * , so if i wanted to visit them purely out of interest then i should n't be assumed to be cheating and have my data sent to them . 
  neither can i , to be honest . 
  i 've noticed most americans seem to * love * forrest gump for some reason . 
  i guess it lines up well with what americans hold important or something . 
  but ask most people from other countries and you will find out that the film is generally considered awful outside america . 
  i do n't think i 've ever talked to a non-american that liked it . 
  also , as a musician , we played a medley of music from that film and by god it was absolutely abysmal . 
  completely dull and totally static . 
  i really do n't feel forrest gump is a great movie . 
  i just do n't see what 's so good about it . 
  i 've heard that it appeals to some quality that 's important to americans , but that obviously is n't something that holds for me because i would probably call it the most overrated movie of all time . 
   from what i 've seen , forrest gump is pretty much universally loved by everyone you will ever meet, 
  i 'm just curious , how many non-americans have you met ? 
  i have found that the vast majority of americans i 've met loved the film , but nobody else . 
  in fact , those that i 've gotten into conversion about it with have nearly universally rated it an absolutely awful film , and i agree with them . 
  now , i am squarely in the age range you mentioned , but then it was a very large bracket . 
  i 've talked to many in their mid-thirties and older ( off the top of my head the oldest would be mid-fifties ) who also agree it 's terrible . 
  i read somewhere that the reason for this i 'd because it appeals to something relevant to americans that just does n't work for those from other countries , but i do n't remember exactly what that was . 
  take this with a grain of salt because i think gump is a terrible film . 
  but for movies that are both moving and entertaining :, 
  * le concert, 
  * wreck-it ralph, 
  * the perks of being a wallflower, 
  * the iron giant, 
  * the truman show, 
  are a few that come to mind . 
  [ here is the specific section of the sonata with the boogie woogie in it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqmcfqfr4xa&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ), 
  but his later pieces were n't classical era ... 
  my first thought , too . 
  until i got the joke ( he 's using lunacy in its original sense -- having to do with the moon ) i was like `` whose clair de lune ? 
  there 's no way debussy 's is lunacy . '', 
  you mean fourth movement , right ? 
  measure is the term americans use for bar , and the fourth bar definitely is n't the ode to joy theme . 
   the oncoming romantic era he never got to experience himself . 
  i get what you 're saying here : he never got to truly experience romanticism in the way tchaikovsky or berlioz did , but the the first piece of romantic music i 'd generally considered to be beethoven 's symphony no. 3 , so in a way he certainly did experience it . 
  the civ series is all sid meier in name . 
  am i the only one that finds first person more efficient in combat ? 
  ( either archery or magic . ), 
  third person is often better for walking around , though . 
  side note , your first and third points were bullets , but your second was a number . 
  why ? 
  edit : just looked at this on my computer . 
  1 and 3 were n't bullet points , my mobile app just apparently renders ordered lists as bullets . 
  1 and 3 correctly used reddit 's syntax , but 2 did n't because it accidentally missed the space . 
  3 appears as a 1 due to the poor design of reddit 's numbering syntax . 
  same . 
  i enjoyed it right from the beginning . 
  i 'd even say levels 9 and 10 were the least interesting for me , but that was because i got stuck in quests due to bugs and ran out of things to do . 
  i 've got ta be honest , i do n't particularly understand why you * would * be redguard . 
  or breton , for that matter . 
  to be honest , i would n't really play any of the human races , mainly because it seems to me that the other races always have better stats . 
  ( definitely happy for anyone to tell mr what play style each of them is good for , though . ), 
  oh that 's interesting . 
  their stats are better than altmer or dunmer ? 
  never once crashed on me on mavericks . 
  no issues in the game either , other than connection problems ( but of course there were , it was a stress test ) and buggy quests ( due to it being a beta ) . 
  nothing that would n't have been the same on windows . 
  as the other guy said , you can buy apple 's superdrive .
