  it 's so much easier to just make a bunch of gmail or hotmail accounts ... 
  more like negatively . 
  wait this closes everything ? 
  if you 're in incognito mode when you click it , it will also close any open normal windows ? 
  because that would competitor defeat the purpose of incognito mode imo . 
  but i thought the point of the above comments were that he has nothing to lose , and that 's * why * he was able to defect . 
  go and grab some fliers and share them here for karma . 
  if they required all question 's be asked 30 minutes before watson actually answers them , the whole ama could be done in a matter of seconds . 
  not a lot of time and resources on the part of watson . 
   4 big boxes or 512 small boxes one at a time, 
  if the small boxes were 4 kilos and the big boxes were 512 kilos , definitely the small boxes . 
  where 'd you get it ? 
  ( i 'm guessing from the age it was n't from the actual 4chan thread . ), 
  i really wish i could speak to the op , because i 'm really confused about how this rp actually worked . 
  all those people simultaneously playing online . 
  it seems really difficult to manage ... 
  yeah that was kinda my feeling to be honest . 
  naaaaaaaaaants ingonyaaaaaaaa !!!!!, 
  [ ftfy ] ( http://www.lionking.org/lyrics/omps/circleoflife.html ), 
   it 's great on its own , but it really shouldnt try to link back to the original series as it sometimes does . 
  well you should feel happy about the next season . 
  after the way the last season ended , it looks like they 're probably going to be * forced * to do that . 
  i got ta say , though , i really liked the links back . 
  the show as a whole is weaker than the original , but the links were n't what caused that , for me . 
  but anyway , if you want to know what happened to the gaang right after the events of the series , read the comics !, 
  there 's three series of three comics ( for 9 comics in total ) . 
  the first series : the promise , describes the situation immediately after the events of avatar . 
  aang has to decide how to deal with the fire colonies in the earth kingdom -- some of which have now been around for over 100 years ( so obviously he ca n't just throw them out ) . 
  the second : the search , follows on from the promise , and details zuko 's search for his mum ( spoiler alert : he finds her at the end , and it 's amazing ) . 
  the third series , the rift ( only part 1 of 3 is out so far ) is about the building of republic city , and is also meant to be about toph 's relationship with her parents . 
  [ nice explanation of the theory ] ( http://au.eonline.com/news/523425/after-reading-this-you-will-never-watch-frozen-tangled-or-the-little-mermaid-the-same-way-again ) . 
  ( ignore that part about the little mermaid . 
  calling it tenuous would be extremely kind . ), 
  the original was part of a series of 5 films . 
  the second one was absolutely terrible , but the others are a mixture of really good and alright . 
  i 'd suggest you go and watch them ( including the second , if only to understand what was going on ) . 
  an asteroid has destroyed all of human civilisation . 
  that 's canon . 
  yup . 
  i did this semester 2 last year , to make up for failing math1051 the first time round . 
  you 'll probably need to contact someone to get si-net to allow you to do it , though . 
  i got a gpa of 5 in semester 1 , but it still would n't let me sign up for the fifth course until i emailed my faculty 's office . 
  i did it just fine following on from a gpa of 5.0 , which is n't all that much better . 
  actually , on imgur , it does n't . 
  it actually is a gif . 
  got ta wait about 4 seconds , but something does happen . 
  i ca n't speak for canada , but we got rid of our 1 and 2 cent coins in australia a long time ago . 
  the answer here is no , for credit or debit card transactions , you pay the exact amount . 
  uninstall . 
   integrated flash player ( proprietary license and code ), 
  one could make a strong argument that this means it is more safe . 
  the stuff about rlz also means that chromium is more `` private '' than chrome is * if chrome is downloaded from anywhere other than google themselves * . 
  it 's the same as fianc\u00e9 vs fianc\u00e9e . 
  in french , many words can be made feminine by adding an e to the end ( and doubling the preceding consonant , if necessary ) . 
  that 's the default , but you can very easily override it . 
  i like it that way , though , although it is a bit weird with multiple monitors and different wallpapers . 
  especially if they 're both set to change every x minutes . 
  it seems to change them one at a time x minutes ( i.e. , each monitor will keep the same wallpaper for 2x minutes ) . 
  the theme colour ends up being whatever the most recent change is . 
   before being eaten by leopards, 
  is that how one of the other disney films starts ? 
  i 'm thinking that could make sense for tarzan or possibly the jungle book . 
  odd . 
  it definitely was n't automatic for me . 
  xp could do blue or silver with the xp theme , from my memory . 
  actually the historical figure of jesus was n't born on christmas . 
  the christian celebration moved it there to better fit in with pagan traditions , to make it easier to convert them . 
  i can see how this trick works with friends , but i have to say for me it definitely does n't work in the way you describe . 
  more often than not , i do n't take fliers being handed out to me . 
  if i do , it 's usually because what they 're about seems interesting . 
  the spca ? 
  is that like the rspca but not royal ? 
   they look homely as fuck, 
  is homely the word you wanted to use there ? 
  because that 's definitely not a word i would use to negatively describe something ... 
  i achieve the same effect by looking over their shoulder on the side i would like to pass ( usually my left , over their right shoulder , since we drive on the left here ) . 
  they * can * tell where i 'm going , and so they usually move out of the way to accommodate . 
  indeed it is . 
  source : have owned lenovos . 
  if languages were * consistent * about their gendered nouns , it would n't really be a problem . 
  but * nooo * . 
  german bridges have to be all elegant and slender , while spanish bridges are strong and sturdy . 
  [ so i just looked it up ] ( https://www.google.com.au/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=homely+definition&amp;spell=1 ) . 
  apparently like the north american usage is very different to the british ( and australian ) usage . 
  i ca n't say i 've ever heard the american usage before . 
  '' ( of a place or surroundings ) simple but cosy and comfortable , as in one 's own home . '', 
  yeah thanks . 
  i just did n't know that interpretation of the word . 
   if you 're a ) white b ) male c ) above 20 then you can basically get anywhere you want no questions asked . 
  the key is to look like you know what you 're doing and to always speak down to people . 
  most people always assume that other people know what they 're doing/telling the truth if they have no reason not to believe it . 
  oh god how true this is . 
  my cousin managed to get within metres of our prime minister at some sort of speech ( on the actual stage ) by dressing up in a suit with an earpiece and just walking on in as if he belonged . 
  there were apparently at least two different teams of bodyguards there . 
  he was asked briefly by one guy who he was with , and he just answered `` the state '' , and without anyone stopping him , he stood at the back of the stage with the prime minister . 
  i mean , i always knew that you could get away with a lot by acting as though you belong there , but i did n't think it could go that far . 
  ( and did n't believe him until he showed me the pictures of it . ), 
  net neutrality is a big issue if you know about it , but do n't pretend it 's akin to shutting down the * entire internet completely * . 
  no , if that happened in a western democracy , there would absolutely be massive protests . 
  most likely on a scale never before seen .
