  the fact that it 's not available in vietnam is n't surprising , but germany is right next door . 
  precisely . 
  anything you post on facebook should be fair game . 
  heck , even your facebook messenger messages are alright -- the same thing is done by other companies like google , and it 's not as though they 're making the information public , just showing ads to you personally . 
  but reading your sms messages , something that has * nothing * to do with facebook , that is * totally * off limits . 
  they have no right to be reading your messages sent through another service . 
  hangouts are also great for the multi way video chats , which is heaps of fun . 
  surely they are pressing the like button for the * sender * , not the recipient , so this would n't work . 
   stop putting words in my mouth and downvoting me, 
  dude . 
  what the fuck ? 
  how about you do n't put words in * my * mouth ? 
  i was n't talking about you at all , merely responding to what the other guy said . 
  i did n't downvote you , either . 
  in fact , res is telling me that on balance i have you at +1 . 
  it 's worth reading / u/thepenisfish 's link , but a tl ; dr is that when you have a dissonant chord ( one that sounds `` bad '' ) , and it changes ( usually by shifting a few notes up or down by just a tone or semi-tone ) , you say that the dissonance has been `` resolved '' . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one that was off put by this . 
  nah man , that 's not it . 
  we have the same types of problems in australia where ( practically ) * everyone * votes . 
  i really like the composition , although at times the performance seemed to let it down a little , especially in the first movement . 
  any chance we could get the score for it ? 
   luckily more people are into chicks with dicks than you 'd think, 
  seriously . 
  you only need a quick browse of / r/rule34 to see that . 
  it 's going from a tritone ( aka diabolus in musica or `` the devil in music '' ) , b and f , to the tonic . 
  yes that tritone happens to be the 7th chord in the scale , but it 's still a tritone . 
  you could also look at it as a diminished seventh without the middle note of the chord ( which would be a d ) , but even then , diminished chords are often referred to as `` resolving '' . 
  if you ask me ( as an android user and former subscriber to / r/android ) , the absolute worst is any time apple comes out with something new . 
  android fanboys go * nuts * . 
  it 's just unbearable . 
  but us only services , those i 'm more than happy to * provide * drama about when i come up against them . 
  actually , it 's probably not so much the * fault * of his isp , as the * pro * of yours . 
  your isp is probably caching things to help . 
  [ they definitely do something like this ] ( http://youtu.be/oqqk7kluak4?t=3m8s ) , but they do n't like to make it publicly known exactly what 's going on . 
  i would n't worry too much about the fresher 5 thing , i was merely putting that up as a matter of interest for any americans that might be reading this . 
   why you 's take such a test as a bloke is a different question ... 
  well ... duh . 
  you take it to find out if you have testicular cancer . 
   forgot my audience, 
  i 'm curious , what 's the audience that you would usually use this word in front of ? 
  i really liked the first hobbit film . 
  many criticised it when it came out , but i kept defending it . 
  i 'll admit it was too long , especially the scene in the cave where they were running away from the goblins . 
  the second one , though , was incredible . 
  i thought it was * miles * better than the first . 
  trackpads are definitely worse for gaming than a mouse or a joystick , but i 'll tell you what , the mac trackpad is streets ahead of the touchpad on any other laptop i 've used , and * outside * of gaming ( for just browsing the web , watching videos , etc. 
  ) , i actually find it better than a mouse . 
  nothing beats a mouse for gaming , though . 
  trackpads are definitely worse for gaming than a mouse or a joystick , but i 'll tell you what , the mac trackpad is streets ahead of the touchpad on any other laptop i 've used . 
  i played portal 1 and 2 on it without trouble . 
  a mouse would 've been better , but i did n't have one with me at the time , so the trackpad was good enough . 
  * outside * of gaming ( for just browsing the web , watching videos , etc. , but not for more precise things like video and photo editing ) , i actually find apple 's trackpad better than a mouse . 
  nothing beats a mouse for gaming , though . 
  i 'm really comfortable bending/scooping from the e , and with proper preparation from the d. i 'm not a particularly talented clarinetist , by any stretch , either . 
  but yeah , i 'd say definitely stay away from asking for pitch bending on anything lower than the d played with all 6 fingers + thumb and register key . 
  the only exception is that you can get a noticeable bend if it 's a single held note , bending it down and then back up , probably down as far as the g below that before it becomes ineffectual . 
  i would alter your instruction regarding vibrato to say that rather than a blanket `` use vibrato in expressive parts '' , i 'd suggest marking specific areas with vibrato . 
  personally i find it a shame that vibrato is n't more used on the instrument ( i used it in my highschool music final performance of [ rachmaninov 's vocalise ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9szfzoslrek ) , to provide interest during the repeats ) , because i think it sounds really nice -- especially in sonatas or other pieces with just clarinet and piano . 
  just thought i 'd chime in and say i replied to the other guy 's comments with my thoughts . 
  how exactly is the thumbnail misleading ? 
  yeah i noticed a few things wrong . 
  the one that stood out the most for me was how they entered beorn 's house . 
  i really enjoyed that passage in the book , and in the movie it seemed odd . 
  but honestly , we always knew that these movies were going to be a bigger departure from the book than the lord of the rings movies ( which were one of the most faithful film adaptions of a novel that i 've seen ) were . 
  so i choose to accept that there are some departures , and judge whether or not the departures make sense in context , and honestly i thought they did a good job mostly . 
  i know what misleading means , and i understand what a misleading thumbnail is , but reading the title and seeing the thumbnail , i , at least , was n't mislead at all . 
  it looked to me like a bunch of old buildings , quite possibly greek -- as was claimed . 
  my main question was asking what the thumbnail looked like to you . 
  you do n't make sense to me . 
  first you start off by saying that the luck of the dice rolls is what makes the game fun . 
   it adds some unpredictability to the game, 
  and then you say that players being unpredictable is silly . 
   players are silly and unpredictable, 
  why is one form of unpredictability good , and another bad ? 
  more importantly , how is unpredictability in a player * ever * a bad thing ? 
  sure it might throw off your plans , but is n't that the entire point ? 
  the two are by no means mutually exclusive . 
  in fact , the former is practically a subset of the latter . 
  or is it biennial ? 
  i could never remember which one 's which . 
  ( edit : looked it up , it 's [ biennial ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biennial ) ), 
  but anyway , it 's every 2 years on average ( actually closer to alternating between 1.5 years and 2.5 years , so that it can be played in the summer , alternating between being in england and being in australia ) . 
  this latest one was actually only 6 months apart . 
  they moved it because of the world cup taking place next year . 
  no worries mate . 
  i think it might have been annual originally . 
  the cricket world cup . . 
  high 20s , maybe as much as 31 \u02da ? 
  i mean , that 's hot , but it 's nothing to write home about . 
  brisbane 's predicted 37 on monday . 
  ^ ( then again , i guess it is winter there , and having temperatures that high in winter is pretty interesting . 
  just how far south is florida ? 
  if you know any , what cities in south east asia or australia are at roughly the same ( or * -1 , in the case of australia ) ^ latitude ? 
  mate , i 've heard that myth many times , but as someone young ( finished my first year of uni last november ) , can i just say that i wear a watch , and while i might be in the minority , it 's a large minority . 
  they absolutely are a useful tool . 
  it 's so much easier and more convenient to twist your wrist and look at it to check the time rather than reaching into your pocket , pulling out your phone , pressing the on button , and looking at it , before having to reverse that whole process to put it in your pocket again . 
  i 'm an adult , and i 've had to wear a tie on a regular ( but not frequent ) basis for the last year , and only towards the end of the year did i not have to look it up . 
  when the new year starts i 'll probably have to look it up again because over the months of holiday i 'll have forgotten it . 
  i do n't know exactly what methodology they 're using , but it 's relatively simple to have a tie in most systems . 
  there 'll be a few different criterion each worth a certain amount of points .
