  not having an option for `` student '' as occupation status is problematic . 
  some might go with `` unemployed '' while others go with `` employed full time '' , or maybe even `` employed part time '' . 
  none is necessarily correct , because the survey was , in this respect , badly designed . 
  hey man , they 're the university for the * real world * . 
  if they do n't learn that they could get fucked over by shitty businesses and shitty people , the uni would n't be doing its job right !, 
   computers were in short supply at the time, 
  every report has said the lab was near empty , or at least not close to full , at the time . 
  hear , hear !, 
  agreed on all points . 
  i just hope xge fixes the invocations back to how they were in march . 
  removing the flavour of being tied to a patron in this week 's ua was lame :(, 
  it 's when i read threads like this that i wish i was up on all the inside jokes and drama . 
  mechanics are simple to get a hold of . 
  characters , personalities , motivations , and the like are hard . 
  warlocks breed that shit in * droves * . 
  but warlocks are also plenty mechanically interesting . 
  the warlock has the largest number of different discrete choices to make in the whole game . 
  you got your cantrips and spells , like any caster . 
  then you 've also got to choose a patron to get your power from , a pact boon for that patron to grant you , and on top of all that you get invocations for a bit of spice on top . 
  i like it . 
  i do n't know how it 'll be received here in general ( i kinda suspect poorly ) , but i think it 's a really good idea . 
  i do n't really understand how your reasoning leads to your conclusion . 
  you keep saying things like minors players are getting shafted by captains , which leads to them having lower involvement , which leads to them not improving . 
  that seems to be your main bit of reasoning ; captains not caring about minors . 
  but by your own admission , this proposal would * help * with that . 
  if captains are incentivised to care about their minors players , because the only way they can win is if the minors teams are able to pick thm up enough points , then minor players will be less likely to drop off . 
  i 'm not saying that your reasoning is wrong , or that your conclusion is . 
  only that i do n't think your reasoning and conclusion really connect . 
  it seems a non squitur . 
  this is a reason to rail against wotc 's stupid al policies , not to make * more * bad decisions to cover up for the existing ones . 
  well that 's a damn shame . 
  i do n't suppose you 'd know why they did it ? 
  seems like removing a useful feature for absolutely no reason . 
  but anyway , i 've been using swiftkey for a couple of years now and i still regularly have to fight against its recommendations . 
  i was hoping to give it a big pool of my writing to learn from . 
  there are n't enough if you ask me . 
   removing patron specific invocations was the wrong direction to take, 
  everyone really needs to point this out in the survey . 
  but also remember to point out that they need to continue to support the undying patron , and design the game for the real d&d players , * not * for those limited by the al 's ridiculous restrictions . 
  i assume you mean the character and quest dlcs . 
  because me also has a bunch of bullshit item dlc available , like the equaliser and the aegis packs . 
   kasumi is probably the weakest release, 
  [ firepower pack ] ( http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/firepower_pack ), 
  damn , i misinterpreted the title and for a second i thought the critical success podcast was alive again , and i got super excited for a moment . 
  that podcast was * so * good while it was alive . 
  i 'm really not sure if thre actually ar that many people complaining about the policies . 
  i see a lot of complaining about it in forums and stuff , but i 've not really seen any signs of it being directed * at * wizards . 
  if people were to get out en masse and ask that they design the game for real players in the ua surveys , i think that would be much more likely to have an impact than a bunch of comments on rddit . 
  i 'd really encourage you to leave a comment to that effect in the feedback if you can . 
  what if & mdash ; and obviously this would never happen , but speaking hypothetically & mdash ; they were promised a coalition deal to move towards an independent northern ireland ? 
  sorry , but we are not a subreddit for requests . 
  per rule # 1 , this post is being removed . 
  you might try searching the sub with different keywords , or searching previous arcana forge threads . 
  also consider looking at / r/dndhomebrew to see if your request has an answer there . 
  best of luck . 
  uhh , i 'd pronounce those two the same . 
  / m\u0251\u02d0t\u025b / , in ipa . 
  and both would be wrong , at least according to / u/burnaby 's comment . 
  the best english approximation i can think of would be `` matt\u00e9 '' , as in the normal english word `` matte '' , but with an \u00e9 at the end like it 's a french verb . 
   i open a new tab , go to wikipedia , and search for the item instead, 
  you know it 's super easy to just go to the url bar and remove the `` m. '' from the link , right ? 
  ( i mean , it 's also super easy for the person * sharing * the link to do . 
  and they should & mdash ; and be scolded when they do n't . 
  my point was just that if someone does give you a mobile link , it 's probably easier to do that than to find it in a separate tab . ), 
  they 'll sound more or less the same in any non-rhotic accent , which in addition to boston is new zealand , australia , south africa , and most of england . 
  i do n't know about other accents , but i pronounce bacon and beer can very differently . 
  birkan is n't a real word , so i 'm really not sure how it 's meant to be pronounced . 
  it * could * be the same as beer can , but it could also be like `` bird can '' without the d , which would be a third different sound . 
  the word you were trying to spell is queue . 
  the word you actually * meant * is cue . 
  maybe there could be some other balancing mechanism if the other team decides to field all minors players instead of a major one . 
  not sure exactly what , but like a couple of points handicap , maybe ? 
  i 've never heard of scoot before . 
  my usual airline of choice is airasia . 
  they 're one of those ultra-budget airlines the same as scoot seems to be , but i 've found the experience to be acceptable . 
  worst part of it is that you have to leave from the gold coast , as they do n't fly in to brisbane , and you have to stop over in kl which has fucking * terrible * airports ( just really over-the-top security theatre bullshit ) . 
  they 're never overly nitpicky about carry on weight and they do n't stop you bringing on your own food . 
  the price to pre-order a meal is fairly reasonable , although the selection is perpetually terrible . 
  i 'm 178 and find the legroom in the cheapo seats acceptable . 
  not * nice * by any stretch , but acceptable . 
  i usually go aisle seat so i can stretch one leg out into the aisle as i sleep . 
  shoulda just said yes . 
  they could n't possibly be iding someone to comply with an `` over 12 '' policy , could they ? 
  as far as i know most 12 year olds do n't have id . 
  you do n't combat bad driving with even worse driving . 
  fuck that shit . 
  follow the fucking laws and be courteous to others on the road . 
  even if they do n't and are n't . 
   there have been suggestions that the sinn f\u00e9in mps would take their seats to counterbalance a government propped up by the dup ( a unionist northern ireland party ) mps . 
  but sinn f\u00e9in denies this . 
  that 's from an article written after the 2015 election . 
  people have been speculating that they will take their seats for a long time . 
  they 're not the expedient sort . 
  they 're 100 % idealists , reality or practicality be damned . 
  i was actually thinking of the infinitive , which is spelt with an er , but pronounced the same as an \u00e9 anyway . 
  just that the \u00e9 makes the pronunciation clearer for an english speaker . 
  besides , even with the \u00e9 , it 's still a verb . 
  it 's just one particular conjugation thereof . 
  `` neither one '' means you were given exactly two options , and neither was correct . 
  i 'm not sure if this is purely by convention or by a strict meaning of the word , but certainly to any native speaker , if you say `` neither '' when you mean `` none out of three or more '' , it 'll sound unnatural .
