  super excited if that 's true , though !, 
  what sort of things can cortana do on a desktop ? 
  is it worth buying a mic for ? 
   the only thing i wish it had that it does n't is a chatbot functionality, 
  i often think this about google now on my phone ... 
  i just wish it had a little bit of personality to respond to funny or strange questions/queries , in the way apple 's siri does . 
  nice to know that cortana strikes a middle ground between the two , at least . 
  that sounds like it would be a lot of fun for lefties . 
  and really bloody terrible for ambidextrous people . 
  couple of questions . 
  most importantly , how do you tell the difference between xi and ix on a roman numerals d20 ? 
  and did they use iv or iiii for 4 ? 
   i have not taken this decision lightly , however it is because of my love and respect for the institution of parliament and the australian people that i have resigned as speaker . 
  someone with respect for the institution of parliament would have never done this in the first place , or would at * least * have come out and admitted guilt the moment the accusations started . 
  yes !, 
  this is exactly what i did following my first watch of chuck . 
  it definitely helped . 
  also there are a few mini web series that you can watch . 
  yeah pathfinder sounds like a terrible idea for kids that young . 
  5e would be a much better choice , or 4e ( especially essentials ) . 
  or another game entirely with a focus on kids . 
  perhaps that recent one wizards put out for kids , though that might be * too * simple for op 's age target . 
  though this might be partly my bias against the finicky detail in pathfinder/3 . x in general . 
  he 's right . 
  googling `` mensa members us '' i found the following :, 
   with more than 57000 members , american mensa is the largest national mensa operating under the auspices of mensa ... 
  2 % of america 's population is 6 million . 
  that 's a big discrepancy . 
  now , that could be due to a number of factors . 
  most likely the vast majority of mensa eligible people do n't join it . 
  would those leg float things help ? 
  so you 're not doing any kicking ? 
  i dunno , i have n't used it . 
  the other guy 's comments seemed to imply it * does * interact like siri , but just not quite as * much * . 
  present, 
  that 's because it 's not . 
  you hear this criticism all the time from the anti-apple crowd , but honestly it 's utter bullshit . 
  i know for one thing , i can do way more stuff way more easily using the bash terminal in os x than i can in whatever the fuck windows ' command prompt is supposed to be . 
  i 'm not * really * sure what you 're referring to , but googling some of the things you brought up it * seems * like you 're comparing os x to linux and saying os x is more locked down than it . 
  but you 'll note that not once did i imply that i disagree with such a sentiment . 
  my comparison was with windows specifically . 
  comparing to linux is n't really a fair thing to do , since it is open source and specifically * not * locked down . 
  it benefits in some ways from this , but loses out in usability . 
  oh god . 
  i 'm so fucking sick of all these completely artificial ( and in some cases less artificial , but where the company clearly just does n't give a shit about supporting more countries ) regional restrictions . 
  google is one of the absolute worst at this and i really wish people would put more pressure on the industry as a whole to stop it . 
  but unfortunately , the vast majority of press is us based , and they do n't care at all for what 's not available to other people . 
  for anyone else who 's wondering , according to my googling :, 
   at the launch of windows 10 , cortana will be available in the usa , uk , france , spain , germany , italy , and china . 
   microsoft has announced that , `` over the coming months '' after windows 10 's release , cortana will be made available in japan , australia , canada ( english only ) , and india ( english only ) . 
  later in the year , cortana will be made available in brazil , mexico , and canada ( french ) . 
  this is not true . 
  like , it 's so ** far ** from true that it 's cleary you 're just talking completely out of your arse and have n't got any personal experience : you 're just parroting what the usual anti-apple crowd have fed you . 
  i use my logitech mouse with my mac ( which is connected to the internet through my huawei modem/router ) all the time , as well as my android phone . 
  i print things out from my mac using an hp printer , and listen to music through either my bose speakers or my a-jays earphones . 
  to be frank , there 're hardly * any * hardware peripherals that would work on windows that * would n't * work with os x. 
  and the fact that someone in australia , canada , or new zealand ca n't already use it without messing up the rest of their system ? 
  english and french languages are clearly already supported . 
  it should at the very least be possible for someone to turn on cortana in their chosen language without changing the rest of the platform 's settings . 
  similarly , on android , you ca n't ( or at least could n't , a little while ago ) use google now 's `` ok google '' feature unless it is officially supported by the language you have the system ( or is it keyboard layout , i 'm not sure which ) in . 
  for a while , you could n't have the system in english ( australia ) and also use `` ok google '' , since that was only supported in english ( uk ) and english ( us ) . 
  well what if i want my system to be using english ( australia ) , and just use `` ok google '' with english ( uk ) ? 
  should be easy , but they did n't allow that . 
  but even then , as i said , it 's not just artificial restrictions . 
  it 's the fact that there are many examples of features that these companies just do n't care to make available internationally . 
  you have no idea how frustrating it is to constantly hear in tech media , or reading comments on reddit , about all these cool features or programmes that you can use , only to find out it 's `` only available in the us '' . 
  off the top of my head : google voice , bing rewards , and amazon 's mechanical turk ( actually , amazon in general : where i am , they literally only started selling * anything * last year , and even so it 's only a very limited selection of books ; no non-book-related things at all ) . 
  these are all ( to one extent or another -- allowing mechanical turk or bing rewards would wake a lot less effort than amazon selling stuff , for example ) cases where there certainly are reasons that it would require some effort on their part to implement in other countries . 
  the issue in these cases is that the companies just seem not to give a shit . 
  ah very cool . 
  fwiw , both french and english are already supported ( via france , uk , and usa already being supported ) . 
  the idea being that just like they went leopard to snow leopard and lion to mountain lion , el capitan is a place * inside * yosemite , and the next release is mostly a bug fixing , performance , and stability update . 
  they switched from cats to locations in california with mavericks . 
  they made a fairly big deal about the change when it happened . 
  not a huge deal of course , but it got a good 5 minutes at the keynote . 
  to me , this is exactly how any good software * should * be designed . 
  it should be as easy as possible for new or casual users to get in and do most of the basic things they want to do , while still being flexible enough that advanced users * can * do their more advanced tasks . 
  modern android takes exactly the same approach , and it 's part of the reason i love it . 
  these days it 's incredibly easy and comfortable for anyone to use , but you can still turn on `` allow packages from anywhere '' for a little extra flexibility , or root it for heaps more . 
  i 've got the exact opposite problem . 
  steam constantly forgets my details . 
  if my internet is down and i open up steam , it comes up with a prompt saying it could n't connect , and would i like to open in offline mode * or try again ? 
  if i reconnect the internet and then press try again , it will always ask me to enter my login details . 
  generally it remembers my username , which is nice , but not my password . 
  \\* aside : why the * fuck * do you need a dedicated offline mode ? 
  just fucking let me play my games without going through that hassle . 
  damn that us a very awesome performance !, 
  can i just ask , what was your reason to do the brisbane marathon ? 
  i 've not run any marathons ( or halfs , for that matter ) , but living in brisbane , i 've considered doing the gold coast half , mainly because most of what i 've heard has been that the gc one is much nicer than the brisbane one . 
  i ca n't stand the default programmer 's dvorak , and so i made my own based on that . 
  the main difference was putting numbers in the right order , but i moved around a few other symbols , too . 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't link an image right now , but can do so later if you want . 
  it 's mostly optimised for c-like syntax languages ( c , java , js , php ) , and also for using in a bash environment ( and using vim as an editor ) . 
  but what i do is basically have both dvorak and my coder 's dvorak installed , and i just use normal dvorak whenever i 'm not programming . 
  i think for now the size we 're using is fine . 
  ideally i 'd like it to eventually grow to about double what it currently is , but we 'd need more active users before that can happen . 
  i think 3 months is fine . 
  it fits well enough as far as i can see . 
  haha yeah , i already know this , mainly thanks to google + / youtube using the same annoying syntax . 
  ( though in that case i 'm more just grateful that they finally allowed any text formatting .
