  work out the mean revenue , and charge a little bit above that . 
  perhaps a harder , but more useful task , would be to also work out which users are more likely to actually pay for it , and use the mean of their revenues , rather than the mean of all users ' revenues . 
  that could be quite a challenging task , though again , certainly not impossible . 
  oh no , i definitely do n't think it would be worth it . 
  if it were , they probably would have done it already . 
  i love my clarinet for this . 
  it goes under the seat in front of me , while my backpack goes overhead . 
  nice hard , solid case with soft padding on the inside . 
  there 's basically no chance of it getting damaged . 
  thankfully , most airlines have a policy of allowing one musical instrument in addition to your carry on bag . 
  otherwise , it 'd be a bit difficult with anything larger than a flute . 
  they do indeed . 
  it 's actually really good . 
  better than facebook on just about every count , design-wise . 
  the only problem is that you 're unlikely to have your real-life friends on it . 
  ( unless your real-life friends are google employees or professional photographers . 
  [ a link to the actual letter ] ( http://mumbrella.com.au/piracy-least-lannisters-pay-debts-219984 ) . 
  yeah that was the first thing i noticed . 
  thought i was in / r/classicalmusic . 
  eh , i think the only people likely to be offended by this are hardcore marvel fans . 
  the ones that generally would not be interested in anything dc anyway . 
  it 's really damn obvious that he 's not being serious here , and i think that you would have to fit in the above category in order to not get the joke . 
  i was for a second , but then i thought about it and figured it 'd probably be doing exactly what it was . 
  we 've had quite a few similar jokes in this subreddit . 
  i still find them funny though , so it 's all cool . 
  sounds just like every percussionist i 've known . 
  wow that 's awesome . 
  i joined a few g + `` communities '' . 
  i think communities are one of the greatest features g + put in as far as trying to make it stay useful even if you do n't have real life friends on it . 
  i 've described it before as being just like subreddits . 
  i circled a few famous/internet-famous people i knew , and from them and some of the `` hot '' posts , i branched out to circling people i had never followed before . 
  these days my biggest use of google + is related to ingress . 
  i 've probably got 4 or 5 communities and 6 or 7 text hangouts just related to that . 
  all that said , unless i can also get my real life friends , and their friends , to switch over to using g + as a mainstream social network , i wo n't be able to delete my facebook account for quite a while yet . 
  facebook is the primary form of communication at my college * , and it 's a major method of communication among students in my university courses . 
  i did delete the facebook app off my phone recently , though , and i 'm definitely glad of that . 
  \\* just a bit of clarification , the word `` college '' is really ambiguous . 
  i 'm using it here in the sense of a residential college . 
  [ see the second paragraph of the linked section of the linked article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/college#australia ) . 
  for me it 's shyness , but almost the opposite . 
  i can talk to anyone normally , but flirtiness / `` escalating '' is something i just ca n't do . 
  i 'm curious . 
  who asked out whom with you two ? 
  but 8 also rhymes with hate . 
   my last girlfriend broke up with me over religion, 
   i lost faith, 
  it just works so well . 
  is that ... this century ? 
  only 35 km ? 
  i feel like a race like that should be * longer * than a marathon , not shorter . 
  something like 50 km . 
  i do n't know who you are . 
  i saw it on my sister 's tumblr and did n't really want to link redditors to that . 
  oh man that 's just too good . 
  i tried tumblr . 
  did n't really like the format . 
  lack of replies etc. 
  i follow a few friends using the rss that tumblr provides . 
  would you care to explain what it does mean , then ? 
  when i read the first part you quoted , i interpret it in exactly the same way as i interpret the second one . 
  thanks for the great reply , and i 'm sure some people will greatly benefit from it . 
  that said , i learnt most of what you described in my high school maths course , and i do n't think it really changes my previous comment . 
   the natural-warming hypothesis may be ruled out `` with confidence levels great than 99 % , and most likely greater than 99.9 % . '', 
  to me , this means that at a confidence level of 99 % ( and most likely at 99.9 % ) , the null hypothesis ( that there is no relation between human-created greenhouse gasses and global warming , or some other criterion that basically means `` humans do not have an effect on global warming '' ) can be rejected . 
   statistical analysis rules out ` nature ' caused global warming hypothesis with more than 99 % certainty, 
  i interpret this in exactly the same way as the above . 
  that there was a hypothesis to the effect of `` humans do n't affect global warming '' , and that that hypothesis is rejected at the 99 % level . 
  what that map is technically showing is `` what the states would look like if they were based on closest capital city '' . 
  remember map projections are n't going to be accurate . 
  you ca n't just draw a line on a projection and infer distance relationships from that . 
  i imagine that 's what causes the difference here . 
  so ... pretty much exactly how it was for 100 years before that , and still is today ? 
  it 's always seemed odd to me that canada modelled its upper house after britain 's house of lords . 
  britain has such an undemocratic system because of tradition , but canada could have so easily made their upper house much more democratic and for some reason chose not to . 
  many other westminster-based systems , like australia and india , use a system more similar to that of the us . 
  in australia , each state elects 6 senators ( half the state 's total senators ) every 3 years ( so that senate terms last 6 years ) . 
  votes come directly from citizens of the states . 
  india elects one third of its upper house every 2 years ( terms last 6 years ) . 
  votes for each state come from that state 's legislative assembly . 
   how dare me use the definition of democracy ?!, 
  no , how dare you use the definition for one subcategory of democracy , while implicitly claiming that it is the only type of democracy . 
  there 's also a matter of the way it 's used . 
  some comments which would , at face value , be highly offensive , are also clearly ( at least to the vast majority of readers ) only meant in a non-serious way : they 're obvious jokes . 
  while some others may be * intended * in the same way as these , but that intention does not get through to most readers , and so they get offended . 
  three pronouns . 
  `` they '' is also acceptable as a singular pronoun these days , and has the added bonus of working for literally anyone you come across . 
  wiktionary :, 
  ( uncountable ) rule by the people , especially as a form of government ; either directly or through elected representatives, 
  wikipedia :, 
   democracy is a form of government in which all eligible citizens participate equally -- either directly or indirectly through elected representatives -- in the proposal , development , and creation of laws . 
  oxford dictionary of english :, 
  a system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state , typically through elected representatives : a system of parliamentary democracy . 
  \u2022 [ count noun ] a state governed under a system of democracy : a multiparty democracy . 
  try again . 
   we seem to do well enough with `` you '' as both a singular and a plural, 
  i do n't . 
  the lack of a plural `` you '' really bothers me . 
  it 's part of the reason the word `` y' all '' developed in southern usa . 
  i use the word `` yous '' . 
  but i agree with you that using `` they '' for singular is fine .
