  can i just say , of those , i 've played probably 6 . 
  pong , pac-man , super mario bros. ( that 's the ` normal ' mario game , right ? 
  ) , tetris , wii sports , and angry birds . 
  and i would n't really consider any of them must play . 
  perhaps they were important on the industry , but that does n't make them games that everyone should still play today . 
  i would certainly look at someone weirdly if they 'd never played mario or pong , but i certainly would n't consider that they were missing out on something major . 
  i 've never been a huge fan of final fantasy games , i 'm just not a fan of the gameplay style ( the turn based combat and the way that stuff works ) . 
  that said , i 'm a huge fan of games for story . 
  i watched last of us on youtube because of how incredible it was , since i could n't play it ( no ps3 ) . 
  would you say ff has a story good enough that you should play it even if you despise the gameplay ? 
  ( genuine question , not rhetorical . ), 
  like i said , no i ca n't . 
  that feature does n't work outside the us . 
  cluedo 's always been one of my favourites , does anyone know of a good computer version of the game ? 
  preferably with multiplayer that you can selectively play with friends over the internet . 
  for anyone that 's a fan of risk , [ lux delux ] ( http://sillysoft.net/lux/ ) is an awesome adaption of it for computers . 
  best of all , it 's on windows , mac , and linux . 
  what is that monopoly-like one , and how does it differ from monopoly ? 
  my understanding is that it currently uses live audio , but with it tied to a scrolling electronic score . 
  i 'm watching beethoven symphony no. 5 at the moment , and you can hide families of instruments . 
  quite handy . 
  can i just say , though , i do n't think you used a very good recording of that symphony . 
  i 'm listening to it at 1.25 x now ( by the way , ** awesome ** feature to have included ) , and it 's at exactly the right tempo . 
  i.e. , the recording is 1.25 x too slow . 
  and by `` right '' tempo , i 'm going by roughly the tempo that seems to be most common , as well as my own personal taste for a fast allegro tempo . 
  on a less subjective note , the red line/scrolling seems to be having some issues . 
  i do n't know if it was a result of listening at 1.25 x , or if it had something to do with me switching tabs so it was away from focus , or something else , but a large amount of the time the page would n't scroll when the red line reached the end . 
  instead , the red line would keep going while i 'm stuck looking at the previous page . 
  i figured out that by pressing the zoom in and out buttons it would force a reset , though . 
  ( though this also caused a stutter in playback . ), 
  one last gripe , i find the shortcuts for skipping forward and backward a page to be somewhat unintuitive . 
  it seems more logical to me that down would skip `` down '' the page to the next line , in other words , `` forward '' a page . 
  love the fact that you have the ability to skip forward and backward between bars and pages , though . 
  if you 're looking for more exposure , it may be worthwhile putting more up onto the youtube channel . 
  i noticed you have the beethoven up there already . 
  i know that 's how smalin got a lot of his attention . 
  what sort of materials do you need to make new pieces ? 
  i 'm a bit of a wiz with sibelius and could copy up some scores from imslp for you if you like . 
  what about the audio tracks ? 
  how do you get them synced up like that , and is the source material open source , or have you been negotiating rights or something ? 
  side note , i was looking through the html source . 
  i just love the word obfuscated . 
  obfuscated . 
  but anyway , thanks for making this , it 's amazing , and i ca n't wait to see what more music you add , and where it goes from a technological standpoint . 
  you are totally awesome !, 
  i 've had the opposite problem , it usually seemed to lag behind the audio . 
  i could be wrong , but i thought the aec reports numbers of informal votes ? 
  which would mean that should n't be the cause of the discrepancy . 
  not a parent , but i would probably try explaining it just as this thread has explained it . 
  if you can eat without making a mess -- * any * mess -- then you can eat in the lounge room . 
  only once you 've shown me that you consistently eat at the table without making any mess , can you eat in the lounge . 
  he explained hp 's business . 
  their business is making poor decisions , not tech . 
  damn , i always had the impression of ibm as all suited up and boring . 
  ( thanks , [ apple ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r706isydrqi ) ... ), 
  no joke , abc news 23 was the first place i saw about sophie mirabella conceded defeat . 
  came here to verify it , though i suspected that part of the story was true . 
  mathematically , we could say being sikh * implies * having the name singh . 
  a -  b \u2260 b -  a, 
  you 're absolutely right , it wo n't happen . 
  that 's irrelevant , though . 
  the question is n't will it or could it , but * should * it . 
  and i , for one , say yes . 
   airline food is much better than it used to be . 
  am i missing something , or is this as completely unrelated as it seems ? 
  oh right . 
  cheers . 
  i feel like that is the kind of thing that actually * does * belong on this kind of citizen test . 
  knowing arbitrary facts about the country and its history , like famous figures , longest rivers , who they bought territory from , that 's cool stuff , but it should n't be a requirement to become a citizen . 
  knowing what the role of the highest office in the country is , that 's a lot more relevant . 
  recently , just for shiggles , i took the [ australian citizenship test ] ( http://www.citizenship.gov.au/learn/cit_test/practice/ ) ( as someone who is australian by birth ) . 
  i was expecting stupid questions about history or famous figures , similar to some of the questions in this survey , and there were a few like that , but the vast majority of them were about the law and functioning of government . 
  which , to me , is exactly how a citizenship test should be . 
  i ca n't speak for the american one , but the [ australian one ] ( http://www.citizenship.gov.au/learn/cit_test/practice/ ) is actually a little * easier * than this . 
   what is the economic system of the us ? 
  officially , or in practice ? 
  i answered based on the latter , but i do n't really know what was meant . 
  yeah , i probably was exaggerating . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've played it so i do n't have an accurate memory of it . 
  i 'll probably give it a go at some point , if i get around to it . 
  who was he referring to when he said some resisted the change of leadership rules ? 
  a lot of people in the room seemed in on the joke , so it seems fairly widely known , but i must have missed it . 
  oh thanks !, 
  yeah that works . 
  i agree , it 's annoying , but android fucks up the language differences anyway . 
  despite having english uk or english aus set up on every language-related setting except the keyboard layout ( which is set to us ) , it still insists on spelling aluminium , colour , and realise incorrectly . 
  and the voice recognition still insists that the only way to mark the end of a sentence is with a `` period '' . 
  so switching the language input setting to us ( which i can do without changing the keyboard input language ) is n't even that big a deal if it gets this feature to work . 
  thanks a heap for the tip , worked a charm . 
  well said . 
  holy shit what . 
  that dick is a lefty ? 
  fuck it , i 'm switching . 
  i definitely would n't take his accusations seriously , but that 's what had me confused . 
  if we assume his accusations are bogus , then what is the * actual * explanation for the inconsistencies . 
  a couple of reasons you should n't do it like this . 
  theoretically , the electoral college * could * be adapted for a preferential system , and so the way op did it would work perfectly . 
  if preferential voting was abolished , the majority of people would adapt and vote for their 2pp instead , and thus op 's method would be close to correct . 
  ^ this, 
  as much as i do believe the vast majority of australians would prefer a fttp nbn , you ca n't work that out based on anything other than a large-scale survey of their opinions .
