  haha sorry i had to be a douche and point it out , it 's just one of my biggest annoyances with grammar . 
  probably partly because the way you ( and far too many other people ) say it , it actually has the exact opposite meaning ... 
  anyway , the other reply to you is generally right . 
  you can take amazing photos with even a basic mobile phone camera . 
  the only issue is that if you want to act as * the * photographer at a social gathering , it 's best to look as professional as you can . 
  that , unfortunately , means having a fancy looking camera . 
  there are plenty of good cheap dslrs out there for beginners , i quite like the nikon d3100 with just the kit lens . 
  then there 's also the option of going second had if price is an obstacle . 
  if photography has `` has always intrigued '' you , a dslr , even a basic one , is a great way to start learning . 
  it makes you feel more legit ( as unfair as that may be ) , and might encourage you to shoot more . 
  if you just wanted to * look * legit , you could also go for one of the newer mirror-less cameras , i imagine those are mostly cheaper than dslrs . 
  i do n't know very much about them , though . 
  there is n't one . 
  i never said there was . 
  skype is , however , an im client , and many people use it as such . 
  imo it 's the best of the clients i 've used . 
  by the way , genuine question , do people still use aim , or was it your example because the name is synonymous with im clients in the us ? 
  edit : it is because of the fact that skype is an im client ( not to mention that you would also leave it open to receive calls from others ) that staying open when you press the x makes sense as a default action . 
  i thought this until now . 
  the only problems i 've got have been from some music composition rights thing , but they 've been really easy to remove . 
  just fill out a page of forms , and the claim disappears . 
  musicians : play all the scales !, 
  why not do both ? 
  but in all seriousness , for discovery separate movements is probably better , and also if people want to perform only one movement . 
  putting the movements together is best for those that go there knowing exactly what they want , and want to hear the whole thing . 
  yeah , i know . 
  god , a simple understanding of scales and arpeggios ( including dominant and diminished sevenths ) , and you can play almost anything by mozart ... 
  but people often think they are , so it made a relevant comment . 
  i 'm not entirely sure i understand . 
  surely if everyone staples `` vertically '' , then they will all have the same angle , so they will continue to meet staple-to-staple ? 
  also , i do n't really understand what you mean by vertical . 
  is the staple parallel to the long edge of the paper , or the thin edge ? 
  with the more conventional stapling , as shown in [ this random image from google ] ( http://www.lovecreative.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2008/05/dsc00466.jpg ) , why is that any worse than the vertical stapling ? 
  and why would it cause the top-right corner to be taller , unless all the papers are placed upside-down , which i must confess confuses me . 
  these are all genuine questions , sorry if it comes across otherwise . 
  may i ask exactly what `` correct '' stapling is , exactly ? 
  i think it should be `` always know where your towel is '', 
  i 'm particularly looking at the first movement of the clarinet concerto , and all the difficult bits are as simple as scales and arpeggios . 
  the beautiful melodies ( the easier bits ) of course are not simple scales . 
  well , that 's obviously meant hyperbolously , but iirc the 41st symphony is the same ( remember , i 'm saying harder parts generally involve scales , not all the more melodic bits ) , as do many of the beginner piano pieces like that famous sonata in c. 
  edit : i specifically mention the 41st symphony because that 's what i 've studied for my ib music class, 
  hahaha fair enough !, 
  that 's a trait i can very much relate to . 
  you know what , though . 
  i reckon you could make a little money if you found a service that actually makes posters and other merchandise on demand , and sold them on there . 
  that way people could still get the digital copies for free , but if people want good quality printed posters , or maybe have the image on a mug or something , they can get them easily , and you can make a little money on the side . 
  or , you could give them away for `` free '' , where people pay the base price from the service for the product , without you getting any money yourself , if that 's what you 'd rather do . 
  what ? 
  c-e-c-e-c-g-e-c ? 
  unless that 's just random notes , i 'm afraid i do n't know it . 
  of course , without rhythm it 's very difficult . 
  oh yes , the wp articles on these things are absolutely incomprehensible . 
  the tonic is the root note , if you 're in a minor , it 's an a ( it 's also an a if you 're in a major ) , if you 're in d major/minor , it 's a d. pretty simple . 
  dominant is the fifth note , so in the key of a that 's an e , in d that 's an a. 
  just count five notes up from the tonic . 
  if you ca n't tell what key it is from the key signature ( it is n't that hard to learn , though ) , just look at the last note . 
  that 's usually going to be the tonic . 
  if you see a sharp on the note below the tonic ( in a minor that 's g # ) frequently , it 's probably a minor key . 
  extinct_fizz is absolutely right , though . 
  learning piano is the second best way to do this ( past taking music classes in school , or even doing music theory exams with external boards like abrsm ) . 
   scale degree, 
  basically it 's the note of the scale . 
  they use this word because depending on the piece the tonic can be different notes , but it 's still the tonic . 
   diatonic scale, 
  this is n't a technically correct definition , but just take it as meaning a normal major or natural minor scale . 
  i 'm sure you 've learnt major scales , c d e f g a b c , etc. 
  all of them have the same note intervals , tone , tone , semi-tone , tone , tone , tone , semi-tone . 
  natural minor scales are weird . 
  we do n't usually play them . 
  when you play minor scales you usually do either `` harmonic '' or `` melodic '' minor . 
  harmonic minors are the same going up and down , and follow the key signature , except that the seventh note ( or `` leading note '' ) is sharpened . 
  melodic scales are really weird , they have sharpened sixths and sevenths on the way up , but follow the key signature exactly on the way down . 
  natural follows the key signature the whole way , thus an a natural minor scale goes a b c d e f g a. 
  on the piano , that 's all white notes ( the terms white and black notes are often used for other instruments , as a convenience ) . 
   tonal centre, 
  irrelevant . 
  it basically just means the note of central importance in the key , which is another word for the tonic , which means the main note . 
  there 's no way to define it un-circularly . 
  just think of it as another word for tonic . 
   final resolution tone, 
  i can only assume that this means the top note when you play the complete scale . 
  it 's another weird word that you do n't really need to know . 
  wow , yeah , that does make perfect sense , now . 
  thanks !, 
  i never knew there was such a science to paper stacking !, 
  hahaha , thanks . 
  that 's a movie i do n't think i ever saw as a kid . 
  actually in korean it 's written \uc774 , the \u3147 is a silent character , and the \u3163 makes an ee sound . 
  it 's not that there 's an l ( or \u3139 ) that is n't pronounced . 
  except that they would still be ( i assume ) visible if the posts appear on the main page of reddit for subscribers . 
  torrenting is my method of watching it , but i do n't find a good quality torrent until sunday afternoon at best ( which probably means late saturday night or early hours of the morning sunday in the us ) . 
  then i have to actually download it , which on a good day takes just 2 hours or so , but on a bad day wo n't be done until it 's too late to watch on sunday , so i have to wait until monday to watch . 
  by this time there are heaps of spoilers all over this subreddit . 
  personally i have n't had a problem with being spoiled very much , but i can understand that others would be . 
  hahaha, 
  no problem !, 
  if you ever have questions about music theory again , do n't hesitate to ask me . 
  i love music theory !, 
  by the way , great pick with the viola . 
  it 's such a lovely , if underrated , instrument .
