  any dog ( or other animal ) that comes at me in a threatening manner like that is going to get a massive fucking kick in the face . 
  if it 's hurt or killed , too fucking bad . 
  the owner should n't have it off leash . 
  i 'm curious , what 's the best way to test the reliability of a single die ? 
  i got my first set a little while back , rolled a thousand or so times on each , and all i know how to do is a two-tailed hypothesis test on the mean roll , and not the actual accuracy overall . 
  ( obviously i could do hypothesis tests on each of the counts of the rolls -- you 'd expect 5 % of any given number on a d20 , for example , but that 's a rather clumsy method . ), 
  i made the same mistake , but flipped it in my head as women are not given birth by men , and i was like `` duh ... ( unless you 're a seahorse ) '' . 
  ah right . 
  i remember learning chi squared tests , i just never understood really what they were for . 
  you would do a chi-squared test for the number of rolls you got , assuming that each side is equally likely ? 
  ( i.e. , with a total of 4,000 rolls , you would expect 200 for each face on a d20 ? ), 
  what 'd it say ? 
  oh right , thanks . 
  so you would want a minimum of e = 10 , so for a d20 you 're looking at at least 200 rolls ? 
  thanks a heap . 
  not with my internet connection it did n't . 
  8 hours `` anti-anti-piracy petition to sign '', 
  you 're teaching after 1.5 years ? 
  damn man , i 've never gotten that good that quickly at anything . 
  that 's because the hobbit films were always meant to be both the story of the hobbit itself , as well as a link to the lotr movies . 
  that , as well as how fast paced the hobbit book is , they could easily get in two movies . 
  do n't forget , the lord of the rings is extremely slow paced . 
  there 's a lot of time where not much happens . 
  the hobbit as a book is a little longer than one of the 6 books that makes up lotr , but just about every moment of it is action . 
  now , they 've gone way too far with slowing it down -- the scene escaping the goblin cave in the first , the barrel scene * and the dwarves escaping erebor in the second were especially egregious in this respect -- but it did need to take more screen time per 100 words on average than lotr did . 
  and that 's without adding in the links to lotr and the stuff like expanding on the necromancer stuff , which i happen to really , really like . 
  * i ca n't express how much i hated this scene . 
  it not only completely flies i the face of the clever simplicity of the escape from the book , but it was also expected in a technically substandard manner . 
  you can just see the low quality of the video is when they switch to gopros . 
  i 've always heard it either naughts ( as in naughts and crosses ) or the naughties . 
  godfather 2 ? 
  yeah i was confused , too . 
  the cheapest way is definitely thepiratebay.whatevertheyareusingatthemoment . 
  however , operating systems can be very risky to pirate . 
  you never know what issues you 'll run in to as a result of it . 
  if you can shop around and find a good cheap legal copy , that would be preferable . 
  still , if you want to pirate it , considering this is a boot camp partition rather than your main partition , it should be mostly okay , compared to pirating an os to be the primary os . 
  it 's really up to you , whether you 're willing to take the risk . 
  [ shares in robot , you say ? 
  and even if it did become interesting enough for a large amount of people , that would n't mean it should be in the olympics . 
  robot events like that are n't sports , just like computer gaming is n't a sport ( esports are just that , ** e ** sports ) , and neither are things like chess . 
  it may at some point be something that a lot of people watch for fun in the same way that people today watch sports , but it will never belong in the olympic games . 
   practically though , krombach is 79 years old . 
  15 years in prison will probably be a life sentence for him , especially if he 's in the equivalent of french federal pound-me-in-the-ass prison . 
  sounds awfully like [ rolf harris 's sentence ] ( http://crimeandjustice.co.uk/_wp/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/sentencing-remarks-mr-j-sweeney-r-v-harris.pdf ) . 
  the judge took into account his advanced age and his poor health to result in a sentence that many considered too light for the crimes of which he was convicted . 
  he specifically mentioned that these were ( among ) the mitigating factors for the sentencing . 
  is it retroactive ? 
   not to mention the fact that an older person is statistically less likely to commit a serious crime than a younger person , which means that , relative to their peers , an older person who commits a serious crime is actually an even worse person . 
  eh , that seems a really poor argument to me . 
  how bad a person one is should be judged only on what actions they took , and their reasons behind it . 
  age is n't much of a factor . 
  the two do n't look similar enough to me for them to pull that off . 
  i think if they did go with the younger and older idea , it 'd probably be the same as with oliver : the age difference shown through costumer & makeup , and from the acting . 
  that 's correct . 
  if you 're putting year first , it makes sense to have the month before the day . 
  but if you 're putting year last , that goes out of the window . 
  it just does n't make sense , in the situation where you 're putting the year last , to put the month before the day . 
  some of the opcode for atmel microcontrollers does weird shit like this . 
  ` or rd , rr ` ( rd being destination register , and rr being the source register ) translates to ` 0010 10rd dddd rrrr ` . 
  for everyday usage , the * day * ( as a number ) can often be left out . 
  french does all sorts of weird shit when it comes to numbers . 
  four twenties ten eight , because why the fuck not . 
  yeah it probably is , but i suspect you 've got your cause and effect around the wrong way . 
  americans ( i 'm guessing ) probably say july 28th because when writing shorthand , they write 07/28 , so when reading it they think `` july 28 '' , or something like that . 
  other english speakers , who write it 28/07 , probably read it as `` 28 july '' , and so that 's how they normally speak . 
  none of this is backed up by any evidence that i know of , though . 
  just guessing really . 
  new south wales . 
  an australian state ( it 's the one where sydney is ) . 
  which is only necessary for the purposes of gaining closure . 
  you ca n't report them to their superior ? 
  20 year old here . 
  i had dial up until i was at least 8 or 9 . 
  trying to play runescape over that connection was a massive pain . 
  two times that ? 
  no way , definitely not , regardless of gender and age -- at least under normal conditions . 
  [ adult men should be having roughly 2.6 litres of * fluid * per day ] ( http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/bhcv2/bhcarticles.nsf/pages/water_a_vital_nutrient ) . 
  that 's all fluids , not necessarily just plain water . 
  obviously people in particularly hot environments and those who are very physically active would take more , but in general a recommendation of 3.2 l is definitely not a good one . 
  four buckets good , two buckets better ? 
  damn mate , that 's fucked . 
  the route i usually bike along between my uni and the centre of my city ( brisbane , australia ) has probably a dozen water fountains along it in a 6 km stretch . 
  i ca n't imagine what it would be like to run over there and not be able to stop at a random tap in a park or at a water fountain to take a drink . 
  yeah . 
  in my state ( qld ) i did n't agree with the results of tpp 's preference dealings . 
  but at least they were completely open and upfront about how they did it , and it was n't some weird backroom dealing like some other parties were involved in . 
  the biggest problem with spotify is that it is absolutely * awful * for musicians . 
  like [ unbelievably awful ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/infobeautiful2/selling_out_550.png ) . 
  it works well as a discovery mechanism , but musicians need it to be a driver of sales elsewhere , because they simply can not make a living off of it . 
  yeah i have to be honest , the whole attitude towards powers is pretty much the only thing causing doubts in my mind about 5e . 
  for me , though , it feels like a really big issue . 
  the whole mechanic around known and prepared spells is a huge step back from 4e . 
  why a level 1 wizard only gets to use 2 spells per * day * ( 2 level 1 spell slots , which are regained after a long rest ) just makes no sense . 
  sure , you 've got cantrips , but they so far seem to be much more limited in choice , and apart from ray of frost and maybe one other , they are n't really going to be useful very often in combat . 
  the distinction 4e made with at-wills , encounters , and dailies was a good one . 
  even better , perhaps , might be something like what psionic classes did with power points . 
  but for god 's sake , do n't limit a fucking wizard to 2 spells per day before he has to whip out the crossbow . 
  then you go to a class like the fighter , whose time in battle is mostly going to be `` i hit it with my sword '' . 
  where 's the fun in that ?
