  i find mathematicians ' senses of humour hilarious , by which i mean really really terrible . 
  what level did you take ? 
  guess you were in a different timezone , then . 
  i did n't get any question like that . 
  ( also hl ), 
  what option do you take ? 
  i 've got statistics on monday ... sigh . 
  that sounds better than my preferred study method : go on reddit with a textbook opened next to me . 
  ah see , you 've been fooled by the similarities between them . 
  that 's not a koala , it 's a deadly dropbear . 
  i was fairly ok with p1 , although there were too many complex numbers for my liking ... 
  p2 was a lot tougher , though , especially b section ( although the first question in section b was not too bad , i thought ) . 
  good luck to you , too . 
  quickedit : actually , if you 're posting now , there 's a good chance we 're not same timezone . 
  it 's 2:00 am here , and i 'm just about to go to bed . 
  i would be just as happy seeing any memes using ib as content in this subreddit . 
  i have n't seen any rules on this subreddit that would disallow that , and / r/ibo is already small enough that going after an even smaller audience with a meme just does n't seem logical . 
  do the words theteengeek mean anything to you ? 
  wow ... 
  that really makes one think about how precious our life here on earth really is ... 
  i only had to memorise 6 states and 2 territories , and their capitals . 
  it might have been the point you were making , but i was just confused . 
  other guy helped me ( and hopefully others like me ) understand . 
  does n't seem a headbutt to me , i was gon na say the same thing about charges . 
  the fact that it 's a mystery confuses me , though . 
  i thought it was just because of a slight imbalance ( a million -- a million and one ) in the number of antimatter vs. matter particles at the big bang . 
  it 's very possible that that was an oversimplification for the sake of a documentary , though . 
  do n't need much differentiation in my statistics and probability option anyway :p, 
  is n't that episode 4 ? 
  yeah , they animation is done in a studio in korea . 
  i 'm not good with names , but if tahno 's the `` main '' one of them , that korra scares with her polar bear dog , tahno is water . 
  he has a blue sash on as he goes out to start the match . 
  plus we see republic city police bending metal without touching it on the very first episode of korra . 
  just fyi , you can get to the profile using the url : you have n't blocked that out . 
  what place would you recommend shopping for games in australia , if one insists on going retail ? 
  you may only have created this subreddit in gest ( or in spite ) , but i actually really like the pieces posted so far ( none of which i 've heard of before ) . 
  so , thanks !, 
  that could be why the majority of americans do n't like soccer , but does n't apply to the many australian cricket fans that also do n't like soccer . 
  cricket is an incredibly slow sport , and yet i enjoy it far more than soccer . 
  my biggest problem with soccer ( when watching it ) is that the players are incredibly weak . 
  the diving , and massive complaints at relatively minor injuries , just really gets on my nerves . 
  not to mention how incredibly obnoxious they act when they score . 
  i love playing the sport , but i can not stand to watch it played professionally . 
  what 's that even supposed to mean ? 
  average income/middle class ? 
  average composing abilities ( surely not ) ? 
  average looks ? 
  ha , that 's nothing . 
  try coming to vietnam , where i 've seen people indicate * the wrong direction * . 
  i do n't even know how it 's possible to do that accidentally ... 
  i always say the sky , or the roof , as a joke , 
  what exactly is a jury ? 
  i mean that they react to small injuries like complete wusses . 
  edit : i have , no joke , seen soccer players stretchered off the field , only to come back on a few minutes later . 
  ah ah , thanks for that . 
  perhaps not , but there are enough of them that it is a real problem . 
  even worse , of course , is the rampant diving problem , which for some reason the governing bodies refuse to do anything about ... 
  and the obnoxiousness of the players is just something i can not stand , how the run around , take their shirts off , etc. 
  after scoring a goal ... 
  the nokia joke was old after the third person used it . 
  i do n't actually watch nfl , so i really do n't know about that . 
  and sure , my preferred sports have celebrations for key moments , but they just seem more , i dunno , polite , about it . 
  soccer players typically run towards the crowd showing off . 
  cricketers and rugby league players seem more to celebrate as a team , rather than for the crowd . 
  could be my personal bias , but i 'd rather like to think not . 
  i 'm very sceptical about the scientists proved statement , but i 'll definitely believe that the statement is correct . 
  i may actually check that out !, 
  thanks, 
  hahaha , fair enough . 
  i 'll except that as good proof , very cool !, 
  thanks, 
  i happen to use skype every day . 
  not only are it 's calling features good , it 's by far the best im client out there . 
  i 've not experienced that , out fucking safari on the mac . 
  quit out of it , and a few seconds later there it is , bouncing open again . 
  well then you always have the option to close skype the same way you 'd close any programme designed to stay open ... 
  this is such a massive double standard . 
  if you do n't want to continue using skype , just quit out of it . 
  you ca n't praise steam for staying open and then criticise skype for doing the same thing , especially when the programme is specifically designed to do what you seem to not want it to do ( nevermind that it 's also an amazing im client ) . 
  really ? 
  i 've never had any serious issues with it , and i 'm on a terrible vietnamese internet connection . 
  urgh ... that might be true , if you can get past oovoo 's horrendous bloaty , in-your-face , childish interface . 
  hahaha , i like the analogy . 
  that definitely does n't make it acceptable , though . 
  in fact , it makes it even worse . 
  this diving and faking injury practise need to be severly clamped down on . 
  if i were involved in the governing bodies , i would push for season bans for a repeat offender . 
  actually , this specific example was referring to the top korean league of soccer ( i.e. , not by any means the top 1 % / champion 's league ) . 
  the only professional-level match i 've ever been to see . 
  on the plus side , i did n't see too much diving in this match , which is a good thing . 
  i like the idea of it being to discourage faking , if only it actually worked for that purpose . 
  i do n't understand how it 's difficult to quit skype , though . 
  it absolutely amazes me that this entire thread is so un-tech-literate . 
  you simply right click on its icon in the system tray , and press quit . 
  [ * if you 're on a mac you simply press command + q ( or use the menu bar , like any app ) . 
  this is the same method that you use to quit steam , or any other im client , so i do n't understand why people are criticising it . 
  i dunno , i just do n't see how it 's at all inconvenient to close something from the systray . 
  for me that 's always been the most natural way to close a programme designed to stay open for extended periods of time ( as both im clients , and programmes like steam , are ) . 
  edit : to me , it just sounds like a massive whinging circle-jerk of complaint against skype . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i took out of your previous comment .
