  no , you 're absolutely right about that . 
  i wish people would make it clear where they 're from when it 's relevant , but i find it safe to assume that they 're american until otherwise specified . 
  it 's not exactly fair but it works most of the time ( and most people are n't offended by it ) . 
  the key word for baroque music is `` contrapuntal '' . 
  that 's basically the term for the multiple different lines going at once . 
  other features of baroque music are terraced dynamics ( they do n't use crescendos/diminuendos , or gradual changes in loudness very much , instead will go suddenly from forte ( loud ) to piano ( soft ) ) , and would sometimes use figured bass , where the bass part would be partly improvised around certain chords . 
  romantic music features rich chords and harmonies ; expanded orchestras , such as brass instruments that could play chromatically ( every note of the 12 used in western classical music , previous brass instruments could only play the harmonic series ) and much more percussion instruments ( before this it was mostly only the timpani , which is the heavy sounding instrument tuned to the right note ) . 
  you find more chromaticism here , that is , moving between chords that are right next to each other rather than the `` related '' keys like the dominant ( 5th , c -  g ) . 
  in the classical period the dominant feature is form . 
  you 've got ternary ( aba ) , binary ( ab ) , rondo ( abacada ... ) , sonata form , which i explain [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/classicalmusic/comments/11mkuz/the_1st_of_january_i_accidentally_got_into/c6o5xgi ) . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure exactly what you meant with your question , so i 've only put the briefest ideas down , if you can narrow your question i can elaborate further . 
  it 's worth learning the basic ones , though , like `` dynamic '' , `` forte '' , `` piano '' , crescendo , diminuendo , allegro , adagio , rit . 
  many of which are used in or related to the english colloquial language . 
  you do n't have to , but it 's worth doing . 
  if you ca n't tell me what `` adagio sostenuto , si deve suonare tutto questo pezzo delicatissimamente e senza sordino '' means , then i 'm not going to come to any conclusions about you . 
  there is a difference , though . 
  many pieces a lot of people consider unlistenable today are now much older than , say , beethoven 's grosse fugue was when it started being appreciated . 
  i think there are some modern pieces that will never be considered `` listenable '' by the general population , even the general population of classical music fans . 
  one hour later here , good job , you called it . 
  this is a stance i take issue with . 
  for what reason should all rights be `` negative '' ? 
  i find it absolutely abhorrent that libertarians can deny that there is a right to education , and specifically free primary education . 
  but then , they also tend to want to tell the un to fuck off , so to speak , so that would n't be the only libertarian stance that i disagree with . 
  this is what a hate about libertarians . 
  they try to equate taxes , and all the beneficial things associated with taxes , as being money stolen from you . 
  it 's an absolutely immature stance that ignores the fact that taxes are necessary for a well functioning , fair , society . 
  universal health care , free primary education , crucial infrastructure , the police force and other important publicly funded employees , all of these * need * taxes in order to exist at all , let alone in a useful way . 
  not to mention that taxes are a crucially important mechanism for improving socio-economic mobility and the negative effects of income inequality . 
  it is indeed . 
   i 'm not sure that the general population of classical music fans is the right place to look for people who appreciate challenging new academic / experimental music, 
  the thing is , this is the only time in the history of western classical music ( or `` art '' music , as some like to call it ) where that is n't true . 
  50 years after beethoven , his works were more or less universally accepted as amazing , but there are some 50 year old experimental pieces that are still inaccessible for most people who * are * interested in bach , beethoven , and brahms ( to say nothing of the 20th century composers that * are * appreciated by most like stravinsky , prokofiev , and bartok ) . 
  that is n't to say that these pieces are n't * good * , but simple that most people will never be able to appreciate them properly . 
  i think you 're probably right in that it says a lot about the listener , but we ca n't ignore that there 's something about the music that causes this too . 
  my understanding , also without looking it up , but with [ schiff 's lecture about it ] ( http://music.guardian.co.uk/classical/page/0,,1943867,00.html ) in the back of my mind , sustained and slow , you must play this piece * something * superextradelicately and without mute . 
  i feel `` delicately '' is an inadequate translation of delicatissimamente , so i invented my own word for it . 
  but hey , you got got all the important points of it !, 
  the bits you missed were not really related to the musicality . 
  i 'll just add this for anyone interested , `` senza sordino '' ( without mute ) here refers to the sustain pedal . 
  the instruction is to keep it down throughout ( because the sustain pedal lifts the mutes off the strings ) , but on modern pianos the sustain is much greater than it was in beethoven 's time , thus schiff recommends keeping the pedal half-pressed throughout , rather than lifting the pedal occasionally . 
  seen it before , but it 's hilarious and i 've got nothing wrong with seeing it again !, 
  so you deny the right to education ? 
  or the right to `` a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services '' ? 
  both of these laid down in the * universal * declaration of human rights . 
  very well put . 
  the comments seem to have again returned to an anti-un circle jerk in the time since you posted this . 
  it absolutely disgusts me the way people act as though something ca n't be a right if it has to be given . 
  yes , education is a human right , and so is `` a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services '' , which i would argue includes access to contraception . 
  i do n't care what they fuck you ( not you , serri , but a general you ) have to say about how it should n't be `` forcefully '' taken from you , or how it must then be `` denying other people their rights '' . 
   you probably think i that social mobility , poverty , redistribution of wealth , or peace are issues that i do n't see as important . 
  not at all , i usually try to assume the best intentions in anyone . 
  i believe libertarians want these things , i just think the their viewpoint is a misguided one . 
  let me get back to this in a moment . 
   we do n't do sound bytes we do essays and that makes libertarianism hard to introduce and difficult to explain, 
   my question is not about theft , in fact i never even said that anything being done in that example was wrong . 
  and yet just moments ago you linked to me a video that describes exactly what i said you were describing , it conflates taxes with the forceful taking of money , and i simply presented it as `` theft '' which is a term other libertarians i 've debated with have used . 
  this video was hardly an essay , it was an extremely simplified presentation that uses false analogies to get its point across ( not that being fallacious * necessarily * means it 's wrong , but simply that the arguments made in this video are not good ones to support libertarianism ) . 
  believe me i 've done everything i could to learn more about libertarianism . 
  i love its ideas of legalising drugs and marriage equality , and i definitely think less military spending is in order . 
  i just can not see how people can argue that taxes violate their rights and they should n't have to pay them . 
  the entire point of taxes is so that these public programmes , which benefit * everyone * , can be funded . 
  it just seems so simple to me that taking larger amounts of money from the rich and giving it to the poor in the form of public services like free healthcare and education is going to result in a greater level of equality . 
  the universal declaration of human rights ( partly authored by roosevelt of the us , and officially adopted by it ) declares the right to `` a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services '' . 
  might not be a law book , but it has got mention of the right to food . 
  i agree that the veto power in the security council is a terrible idea . 
  we 're lucky that the soviet union did not attend the un in 1950 , or the korean peninsula could be a very different place . 
  but i agree more with gvwondk . 
  it 's been unable to do anything about global warming because the major polluters ( like china and the us ) refuse to do anything . 
  the un is not an enforcement agency , and i 'm sure you 're glad of that . 
  all the un can do is * try * to get countries to reduce their emissions , and from what i 've seen it 's done the best it can , which admittedly is n't much . 
  yeah i agree that 's probably where it comes from , but it really is a shame that people can still think like this . 
  it means doing the best to allow everyone a good standard of living and equal opportunity to succeed in life . 
  without free healthcare and education , people from rich families will be able to succeed much more easily than those who are poorer and may not be able to attend school , or who will not be able to progress through education or a workplace environment because they are sick too often , for too long . 
  just a couple of examples , but i feel that gives a good representation of what i mean by equality . 
  yeah i agree , it 's a statement that i 've heard from teachers many times but found somewhat hard to believe . 
  given that i probably should n't have mentioned it . 
  i think you will agree , though , that the dynamics are both much more subtle and much more extreme in romantic period music . 
  i 'm not saying it is . 
  we should n't tax 100 % of inheritance , and we should n't make taxes so high that the rich are n't rich . 
  but the rich should pay more in order to help those that are , for no fault of their own , in a less fortunate position . 
  i hate when people conflate taxes with `` infringing upon the rights of others '' . 
  that 's just not what taxes are , and it 's a false analogy to say it is . 
  and actually , the right to education states that it `` shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages '' , and the other bit ( article 25 ) states `` the right to security in the event of unemployment , sickness , disability , widowhood , old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control '' , which does seem to imply that , where possible , social securities should be provided for . 
   how many people do you think will actually read this comment i spent an hour typing ? 
  let 's not ruin what was a good point by attacking people . 
  remember , just because something is really long does not mean it 's more valid . 
  it 's sort of like a proof by verbosity fallacy . 
  but thank you for the detailed answer . 
  i wo n't bother responding to it since you wo n't be replying . 
  the universal declaration of human rights ( key word * universal * ) was authored in part by roosevelt from the us , and it has been official adopted by the united states . 
  besides that , this entire thread is about the un , in case you did n't notice . 
  ignoring anything else , i 'm afraid i do n't have time to be arguing with people too much when they ca n't accept the basic premise of the right to free education . 
  right , it 's regional , but he said north america , as in the entire continent from costa rica to canada . 
  i 'm not from anywhere there , but if someone asked me for a `` pop '' i would stare at them blankly , and i imagine many people in na would have the same reaction . 
  reddit has ads ? 
  all i ever see is things saying thank you for not using adblock . 
  right now it 's a picture of a $ 20 american note , saying you can buy ads for that price . 
  edit : earlier today i saw an ad for a subreddit ( / r/mylittlepony ) but i do n't count that because it 's a `` house ad '' , so to speak . 
  [ not quite the same thing ] ( http://xhamster.com/ ), 
  cool thing about all the apple trackpads , there 's no left or right !,
