  shame it does n't work when you use the correct pronunciation of gif though . 
  almost makes me wish hard g gif was the correct one . 
  hmm ... the current top comment has been deleted but the replies to it make me think it * was * serious . 
  was that one you guys . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's awful reasoning . 
  unless of course you happen to also pronounce the u in scuba the same as the u in underwater , in which case more power to you . 
  yeah , i thought that may be the case . 
  cheers, 
  three is great too . 
  i rented it from the local video rental place ( remember them ?? ), 
  and never managed to finish it , but it was a fine game as well . 
  huh ? 
  nonsense . 
  we use stv in australia for the senate , and we have the results later the same day . 
  that 's ~ 20 million voters . 
  at the very * worst * , if 300 million americans voted and it took one day per 20 million people , that would take 15 days . 
  and that 's a conservative estimate . 
  in practice it would n't take so long because more total people means you would have more people doing the counting -- you 'd get through them faster than 20 million a day . 
  what the limiting behaviour of stv is does n't matter . 
  the calculations are n't done by hand , and a computer can do its job easily fast enough to be negligible compared to the human task of counting the actual votes , which does scale linearly . 
  ( specifically , n * c , where n is the number of people and c is the number of candidates -- a constant within any one election -- assuming preferences are fully distributed and there 's no `` above the line '' type voting . ), 
  edit : so referring back to your first question , it 's a limit of counting . 
  with regards to social policies it 's totally fine ( and on social issues i myself am ` libertarian ' as the political compass terms it ) , but the economics of it simply would n't work . 
  * some * government intervention is absolutely necessary to have a long term functioning economy . 
  even normal ` right wing ' parties like the liberals are better than the libertarian movement ( at least its implementation in the us ) in terms of the economy . 
  it 's also what makes it so damn good here in aus . 
  america 's reluctance to do a good job of it is their problem . 
  same goes for important infrastructure like roads , although as i understand it most libertarians are n't against the government doing that ( unlike ancaps , which are basically like libertarians only even more fucking retarded ) and education . 
  most importantly , the government is needed to bring consumption/production of goods and services to their social optimum levels , which can be done by adding taxes/disincentives for goods and services with negative externalities , and subsidies/incentives for those with positive externalities . 
  and finally the government can help regulate growth of the economy , which normally takes large fluctuations such as those seen [ here in this graph ] ( http://www.econedlink.org/lessons/images_lessons/1050_figure3.gif ) , and by decreasing spending in growth periods and increasing it during a bust , they can stabilise the economy closer to the long-run trend . 
  pretty sure he meant the link to the / r/funny thread . 
  wait , runescape 3 is out ? 
  have we got tubes going into our head to control the game with now ? 
  because i remember a while back jagex saying runescape 3 would n't come until that was a reality . 
  agree , you really need to specify a time zone ... 
  i suspect this is probably either east or west coast usa , but ideally they should use utc so anyone from anywhere can easily calculate the time in their time zone . 
  i personally do n't believe in any god , but my belief is that we absolutely can not disprove the existence of some sort of more powerful deity . 
  so i pose this possibility as a devil 's advocate type response :, 
  we have laws of physics that apply uniformly throughout the universe . 
  why is that , and how exactly did they come to be ? 
  we 're incredibly lucky that those laws are such that they are sufficient to allow the creation of planets , followed by life , and then even intelligent life . 
  evolution clearly works , but how and why ? 
  where exactly do these small changes come from . 
  then , what happens after one dies ? 
  does there entire existence disappear after death ? 
  someone who believes in a deist god might answer these questions by saying a deity , or `` god '' created the universe and its physical laws . 
  perhaps they ended their involvement there , or perhaps they subtly guided evolution along the way . 
  then , after one dies , perhaps some form of memory or ` soul ' does indeed go to some kind of `` heaven '' . 
  we have no way of * dis * proving these claims , and thus they do n't conflict with science . 
  any amount of rationality can thoroughly disprove god as he exists in any of the major religions of the world , but some sort of non-interventionist god could very well exist . 
  personally , i do n't think one does , but to me the question is largely moot since we can never know for sure either way . 
  it really does n't matter how many times i hear or read it , the word cookie just never sounds natural to me . 
  but anyway , that was a pretty cool survey . 
  best of luck with it . 
  mmp is n't bad , but it has immense flaws . 
  chief among these is the institutionalisation of parties . 
  a __ far __ better system would be stv , which is how the senate is currently elected , except with electorates roughly the size of 4 current electorates ( with 4 members per electorate ) . 
  mmp is * defined * by the fact that it institutionalises parties . 
  you vote twice , once for your preferred candidate in your local seat , and once for your preferred * party * . 
  it 's this second vote that is used for proportionality , but it is also the problem with mmp . 
  ( which i will get to . ), 
  in our current system , parties are n't an official part of the system , and are instead simply the result of politicians with similar views needing to group together in order to magnify their voices . 
  now , for the disadvantages of mmp as compared to stv :, 
  * so-called `` list mps '' , or those voted in through the party vote rather than directly in their electorate , are not accountable to their electorate , but instead the party . 
  * relatedly , members rejected by their own electorate can still get into parliament through the favour of their party . 
  * it overall increases the importance of the party 's hierarchy, 
  * in stv , you * still have a proportional parliament * . 
  it 's important not to miss this point . 
  * all members are accountable directly to their constituency, 
  * with multiple members per electorate , individuals are more likely to have at least one member who fits with their views . 
  basically , stv has the advantage of being proportional , without the disadvantage of institutionalising parties . 
  in 2007 , john howard was voted out of his own electorate of bennelong . 
  under mmp , he would have undoubtedly being brought back as a list mp , despite clear wishes that the people did n't want him . 
  it is indeed . 
  your source was probably the same as mine , a discovery channel ( or national geographic , i forget ) doco . 
  i doubt that it would really be enforceable below a few hundred metres , though . 
  if you 're interested , head over to / r/australia or / r/australianpolitics , and i 'm sure there 'll be heaps of people that would be willing to help . 
  abc 's [ vote compass ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/votecompass/ ) is pretty good , too , and is based off of the [ political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) , which is incredible . 
  alternatively , ask any questions directly of me , i 'd be happy to do whatever i can to help . 
  ( this is my first election too , fwiw , but i 've always been interested in politics and try to keep myself informed . ), 
  this was my first thought when i saw the question , too . 
  although from memory i do n't think it directly answers the question at hand , only provides extremely interesting information around the topic . 
  ( such as how the size of the projection is always the same . 
  wow ), 
   especially in europe, 
  you sure about that ? 
  my experience has been that the only people who would use `` american '' to refer to all people from the americas is latin americans . 
  that 's largely because they consider the americas to be a single continent . 
  you ca n't travel at the speed of light , so the question is moot . 
  in theory , however , the answer would be no , you would n't ( this is my assumption based on high school physics only though , so take it with a grain of salt ) . 
  as holydeltawings said , it 's significant other . 
  it 's a generic term for husband/wife/girlfriend / boyfriend/fianc \u00e9 / fianc\u00e9e / life partner/whatever . 
  you just do . 
  you say you 're independent , and that 's about it . 
  now , getting other countries to recognise you is more difficult , and does n't often happen . 
  you would likely be a `` micronation '' , which [ is worth reading about ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/micronation ) . 
  a good way to start in getting recognition would be to write letters to the heads of state in nearby real countries , issue currency and stamps , and have some form of constitution written up .
