  uk ( london is 3rd highest city in reddit visitors ) : age of consent is 16 is england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  in scotland it 's the same , with the additional rule that consensual sex with anyone ages 13 -- 16 is not rape , but a lesser charge of `` having intercourse with an older child '' . 
  australia ( sydney and melbourne are 6th and 9th , respectively ) : all states except tasmania and south australia have aoc of 16 . 
  i got it for the same reason i subscribe to / r/southpaws, 
  vive la france !, 
  ( disclaimer : not actually french ), 
  no , photography is n't about manipulation . 
  it 's about getting across a message . 
  you 're absolutely right about that . 
  and sometimes , manipulating your photo is required to get that message across in the way you want . 
  the funny thing is , photojournalism is perhaps the most obvious area of photography where manipulating your images after the fact * is n't * considered ok . 
  and just to be clear everyone : casablanca was made at a time when colour footage was very much a possibility . 
  the director and cinematographer made an artistic decision to film in black and white . 
  the fact that colour film was more expensive and not yet at the same quality level as b&w probably factored into the decision , but it was certainly at least in part due to the artistic qualities . 
  i do n't know the geography of london , but the greenwich meridian ( elected the prime meridian in 1884 ) passes through london , so parts of it are western hemisphere and parts are eastern , so you 're probably correct . 
  reminds me of the random trivia fact that alaska is both the easternmost and westernmost state of the us . 
  i knew there was a difference between towers and buildings when talking about the `` tallest building '' . 
  but i love that it 's decided by something known as the `` council on tall buildings '' . 
  i do n't know if it 's just a common thing in australia , but you would n't happen to be at uq , would you ? 
  i know the marxists / `` socialist alternative '' are pretty active here . 
  by weighted , i meant converted your ib grade-point average to the same scale used by the us . 
  i do n't really understand how usa gpas typically work , but your ib gpa is the sum of your 6 subjects , divided by 6 . 
  it should be a number out of a maximum gpa of 7 , where 4 or greater is a `` pass '' , and any less is a fail . 
  you seemed proud of your gpa of 3.8 , so i assumed you had probably converted to being inline with the normal us grading system , where as i understand it anything greater than a 3 is pretty good . 
  i 'm wondering what your gpa actually is in terms of ib scores . 
  trademark *, 
  i prefer to think of op as a low double-reeded woodwind instrument . 
  the fact that there are n't any other desks is a bigger issue to me . 
  the gym where i sat my exams had windows on the door , so you you could have taken a photo from outside . 
  i do n't see why this one necessarily * has * to be different from that . 
  why would they remove all the other chairs and desks , though ? 
  that 's what makes me doubt this . 
  indeed . 
  what 's another name for it ? 
  there 're a couple of reasons that i think you should reconsider . 
  people in general have a tendency to act meaner when behind the mask of anonymity . 
  they would n't behave anything like this in real life . 
  the kinds of people doing this on reddit are not , i suspect , the same people who would actually be going to the meetup . 
  i could be completely wrong on this point , though . 
  i prefer to call my tacos '' [ catacala ] ( http://www.wordgenerator.net/random-word-generator.php ) '', 
  bassoons are known in german as fagotts ( and in italian it 's fagotti ) . 
  oh fair enough . 
  i had gotten the impression you considered it , but then decided against it based on a judgement of reddit as a whole . 
  it seems you did actually give it a fair go , before deciding against it . 
  i 've also graduated with an ib diploma . 
  * sl english - 6, 
  * sl french b - 6, 
  * sl economics - 6, 
  * hl physics - 6, 
  * hl maths - 5, 
  * hl music - 7, 
  * ee in music - b ( though an [ unfair mark ] ( http://zagorath.wordpress.com/2013/01/28/problems-with-ib/ ) ), 
  i went to school at an international school in ho chi minh city , vietnam , and am now in my first semester of uni in australia . 
  also willing to answer any questions about anything even tangentially related to my ib experience . 
  i consider it world music , mainly because when i talk about classical music , i consider the term a shortened form of `` western classical music '' . 
  other forms of music can certainly be at the same level as western classical in terms of their artistry , complexity , etc. , but i would consider each one to be different , with `` world music '' being an incredibly large over-generalisation of the lot of them . 
  i 've studied quite a lot of hindustani music -- it just happened to be my prescribed focus when i did igcse music , and then i chose it as part of my investigation for ib music -- compared to other world music , and i have to be completely honest , i do n't enjoy it as much as western music . 
  i can certainly recognise the incredibly complexity behind it , and how difficult , for example , it must be to remember the tala correctly -- they 're so much more complex than western rhythmic patterns . 
  to summarise , i consider them different for somewhat arbitrary classification purposes , but equal in terms of their musicality , complexity , and overall `` importance '' . 
  wow dude , awesome job with this response . 
  glad you were able to take the time to write such a detailed response and get it published on such a high-profile website . 
  i 'll be very interested to know how ( or * if * ) turnbull responds to this , i hope you 'll be keeping us informed . 
  would be awesome to see him try to defend it in an ama on / r/australia ( i suggested it via twitter , but got no response ) . 
  haha really ? 
  thanks . 
  it kinda felt to me like i was rambling on a bit too much . 
  i considered just scrapping it because i could n't put my thoughts into words quite appropriately . 
  fwiw i thought your comment was incredibly well worded . 
  i did not expect to enjoy this , but holy hell this was amazing !, 
  the timbre in the more lyrical parts is absolutely uncanny . 
  it lacks a bit in the heavier parts , and you can much more easily tell you 're not listening to an actual orchestra , but it 's still amazing !, 
  i did n't do econ hl , but from what i coud tell it 's only a relatively small step up from sl , which i found relatively easy . 
  physics hl would definitely be the harder of the two . 
  i knew plenty of people who did both physics and econ hl , and the two are a perfectly doable combination . 
  maths hl is probably the hardest subject in ib ( apart from further maths ) , but if you put in the work , it 's definitely doable . 
  just expect to spend a lot of time going over a lot of past papers . 
  this is one subject where you really do need to put in the work to get the grade . 
  a variety . 
  your ib subjects do n't really have a large bearing on what you can or ca n't study at uni . 
  maybe it 'll mean you do n't have to do do one or two courses at the start of uni , but that 's about it . 
  one in particular is studying a bachelor of economics , others i 'm fairly sure are doing business , commerce , law , and probably a variety of other things . 
  edit : the fact that they were doing physics probably has n't got much bearing on this , which should help show how your subjects at ib do n't matter all that much . 
  they mainly did physics because it 's the most interesting of the sciences , and hl because they know they 're good at it . 
  i certainly find that i like the idea of the * prequels * more than i actually like it . 
  i first became aware of this thanks to / u/yootskah 's comment [ in this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1c71cf/til_that_game_of_thrones_author_george_r_r_martin/c9dtwb1?context=4 ) . 
  i 've always thought i loved the prequels based on the characterisation of anakin going from a little slave boy , to being freed and become a jedi knight , and then his gradual fall from grace . 
  the problem was that said fall from grace was n't actually handled very well , and the same problem with exists with many other aspects within the films . 
  ( such as the way the entire galaxy developed from its artistic and cultural high during the prequels to the fall of the jedi and loss of elegance in the originals : shown in part by the less elegant style of fighting in the original films -- even if this was n't intentional at the time . ), 
  reading in to the star wars films and discussing the underlying themes of them is probably far better than the actual films themselves , which seem to have attempted some of this deeper meaning , but that did n't work out and they 've ended up being relatively shallow films . 
  the technology change and a few other inconsistencies between the originals and the prequels can , in my opinion , be explained very nicely , even if it 's not something that was intended that way by lucas and the others involved . 
  the destruction of the jedi and other events that took place at the formation of the empire have resulted in a destruction in culture , technology , and knowledge that existed prior to those events -- during the prequels . 
  the empire taking over resulted in a sort of dark age . 
  one of the more obvious ways this is noticeable is in the difference in fighting styles between the original films and the prequels . 
  the prequels had an incredibly intricate and complex style of fighting , but in the originals it 's much more crude . 
  this is almost certainly not what was intended , but i find it works as a sort of retcon to explain some of the inconsistencies , and in my opinion it does n't just explain away inconsistencies , but adds some depth to the films that was n't actually there . 
   one of which must be your native language, 
  one of which must be * a * language at a high enough level to study literature . 
  i know plenty of people who took english despite it being their second language . 
  ( and then for group 2 they took yet another language . 
  god i wish i was good with languages like that ... ),
