  by moving to renewable energy , we can reduce our nation 's emissions , doing our part in the global battle against climate change , but not only that , we can produce a cleaner local environment for future generations to grow up in . 
  an additional benefit is that the process of increasing our renewable energy output will require research and investment in renewable technologies , which will both have economic benefits for the nation , and will make it easier for other nations no adopt such technologies , thereby having a global benefit . 
  mr speaker , this bill is important to the future of australia and the world , and i commend it to the house . 
  zagorath , member for brisbane and surrounds, 
  i have n't followed it super closely , but i think the beta should be coming out later this year . 
  it 's been in alpha for backers of a higher level than i for quite a while now . 
  i only backed it to the beta level . 
  out of curiosity , have you played mount & blade ? 
  if so , how does the combat compare to it ? 
  from what i 've seen , it looks like they 've taken a similar concept to m&b , but have set it up to be far more natural and in-depth , which is brilliant . 
  i 'm so glad my parents were n't like this growing up . 
  they would always insist on a healthy ratio of meat and veggies at dinner , but there was no forcing my siblings or me to eat more than my full . 
  cunningham 's law . 
  yeah , well we did n't all grow up in yorkshire . 
  good . 
  when you 're first starting out , i especially think style should be really heavily enforced . 
  that 's with regards to obvious things like indentation and whitespace , but also variable naming and commenting . 
  ( the `` indentation '' bit is part of the reason i like python so much as a first programming language , despite rarely using it for anything practical anymore . ), 
  in this case , because it was so meta , it actually made the joke funnier . 
  it annoyed me that i had to scroll to see the whole image , but other than that , this was really nice and easy . 
  and oh god , i can already tell i 'm going to be spending way too much time on that website . 
  yeah , it 's pretty much a non-thing here . 
  below sports like netball , and even individual sports like swimming and cycling . 
  in fact , of the big american sports ( the others being gridiron , basketball , and cars driving in an oval ) it 's probably the smallest . 
  * maaaybe * bigger than nascar , i 'm not 100 % certain on that one ( though i personally know more people who follow car racing than baseball ) . 
  i only discovered reddit in the february before my final exams ( in may ) . 
  at some point after that , i discovered there was an ib subreddit , so i figured i 'd jump in . 
  i 've never , at any point , gone to any other websites for it . 
  when i was doing work , i 'd discuss it with my classmates , teachers , or parents . 
  i had a few miscellaneous discussions related to ib on here because other people had started them and they seemed interesting . 
   posting pictures of past papers is an infringement of copyright, 
  of whose copyright ? 
  did we sign over the rights to our ees as part of the diploma programme ? 
  or do the students who wrote them still retain the rights ? 
  personally i try to avoid forums , too . 
  not because they 're a bad or dated technology , but because the vast majority of the ones i come across seem dead , or i 'll come across a piece of information that seems on the surface useful , but once i read into it it 's actually worthless . 
  i rarely see any good material on forums , and so i continue to avoid them . 
  they 're trying to use the word `` liberal '' in its classical sense ( i.e. , what gets referred to as `` classically liberal '' ) , which is to say liberal economics . 
  they want low taxes , low economic regulation , etc. 
  basically , as close as possible to a free market . 
  what `` classical liberals '' have to say on social issues is n't , to my knowledge , fixed . 
  one could be classically liberal and socially conservative ( which is what the liberal party more or less is ) , or classically liberal and socially progressive ( `` libertarianism '' , which is a fairly popular movement in america , and on reddit , is an extreme example of this ) . 
  though the phrase classical liberal these days is usually associated with conservative movements socially . 
  now , there are arguments to be made that australia 's liberal party is n't * actually * liberal even in this sense , but i 'm not going to get in to that . 
  oh right , in that case yeah . 
   unfortunately , portuguese tv , aside from one of the public channels , is not much for the culturally-oriented viewer, 
  you could probably replace `` portuguese '' with pretty much any country and have that be true , more or less . 
  i know it works with australia . 
  aside from the abc ( our national broadcaster ) , tv here is pretty damn awful 90 % of the time . 
  well of course past exam papers and ees are n't the same . 
  the above comment was ambiguous , i thought they were referring to the ee . 
  i wan na know why they were talking about the ashes at the start of that . 
  surely there ca n't be many fans of wrestling theatre who also follow the cricket . 
  what was the context here ? 
  if they want this to make sense , it needs to substitute `` millennial '' for `` snake person '' and `` millennials '' for `` snake people '' . 
  hahaha congrats , and welcome !, 
  i must admin even now , two years after i first started watching it ( i binged the first 4 seasons when that 's how many there were ) , i still sometimes say `` cool cool cool '' without realising what i 'm doing . 
  now for the important question , in what order would you rank the seasons ? 
  which is your favourite , and which is your least favourite , etc. 
  hey , i do n't know if there 's a human monitoring this bot , but if there is , is there any chance you could add in utc offsets ? 
  i find it much easier to browse for `` utc +10 '' than to look for `` australia/brisbane '' , only to find that it does n't exist . 
  then i have to look for something in the same timezone , ( `` australia/sydney '' , in this case ) , work out if they 've got their stupid wibbly-wobbly time in effect ( thankfully they do n't right now ) and subtract an hour if so . 
  all that 's way harder than just browsing for the simple number . 
  a half measure would be to at least put the time zones in order , with new zealand at the top and hawai'i at the bottom , more or less . 
  that way you 'd still have to look for the * word * rather than just scanning for a number , but at least you 'd have some idea of where in the list it would be . 
  oh holy shit . 
  thanks bot !, 
  i had no idea that 5 gallons was such a huge amount . 
  figured it would be something like 3 l , and i was way less impressed by this comment . 
  that 's actually pretty cool . 
  i 'm not weighing in on the actual tpp debate here ( i actually disagree with savanna in general on this matter ) , but this is absolutely not an appeal to authority fallacy . 
  an argument from authority is only fallacious if it is in the case of formal logical reasoning ( which this does n't even come close to ) or if you use an authority in order to dismiss specific evidence . 
  that said , an argument from authority is not , in and of itself , a particularly * good * argument even when it is not fallacious . 
  however , when that `` authority '' is the vast weight of consensus from experts in a field , it 's generally worth yielding to the authority unless you have specific refuting evidence . 
  oh fair enough . 
  i have n't actually installed it , i just read the description ( and of course , your title on reddit ) , which was a little misleading . 
  who are these five guys , and why are they worth driving a long way to ? 
  i never cared for the vixen character in other animated shows ( ca n't remember if it was young justice or justice league : unlimited that i 've seen her in ) , but i must say i 'm intrigued . 
  this looks pretty promising . 
  also , guggenheim said at the start that it takes place `` within the arrowverse '' . 
  we obviously knew that this was the case already , but is this the first time they 've used the phrase `` arrowverse '' in such an official way ? 
  it is n't . 
  the person you replied to is implying that some of the * other * top level comments were humblebrags . 
  ( i ca n't speak to whether or not * they * are , because this is currently the top comment thread and i have n't gotten further down yet . ), 
  yeah , by not being humble about it . 
  that sounds like a dumb thing to say , but it 's true . 
  and there certainly are ways of tastefully talking about your achievements while not pretending to belittle them . 
  i find it so much harder to be productive on anything related to programming/development on windows . 
  have to be in either os x or linux , because doing stuff without a bash terminal is so painful . 
  probably worth noting that the `` cryptic '' referred not to the idea of the humblebrag being cryptic , so much as the general description of what it is they were doing . 
  very minute difference . 
   while i thought about just listing the utc offset , a lot of users are not aware about in which offset they live right now , calling for an easier system, 
  well , i might argue that that 's the damn user 's fault for being too stupid , but i guess there 's not much you can do about that . 
  still , could you not put the utc offset in there in * addition * to place names ? 
   currently the timezones are ordered by their location . 
  ( longitude ) starting with greenwich and going east . 
  i did n't realise this !, 
  it seemed odd that some of them were in order , but others were n't . 
  i did n't make the connection . 
  basically , i 'm suggesting you should use the international date line , rather than the prime meridian , as your starting point .
