  neither of these things is illegal , but nonetheless many people may not want anyone knowing about it . 
  particularly in the latter case , it 's not even something most people would consider immoral ( while cheating would be ) . 
  it 's something that person enjoys , and why should n't they be able to enjoy it without the judgement of others ? 
  or perhaps you 're sharing important company secrets over some web-based service . 
  if that were to get out it could have an impact on that business 's operations . 
  if the government can get its hands on that information , it can easily be leaked out ( remember the government is made up of individuals ) and could have all sorts of negative implications . 
  i think it 's terrible . 
  not because of their intentions : people should ** not ** be playing while driving . 
  however , they have no way of knowing if someone is driving or a passenger , and disadvantaging passengers is , in my opinion , indefensible . 
  does n't make a difference , in terms of the maths . 
  edit : misread it . 
  this ... why was this purple ? 
  i misread it as cah soh toa . 
  if you subtract the 10 % gst , that 's still a $ 100 difference : without tax in australia it 's au$ 499 . 
  ( edit : converting currencies , that 's us$ 471 , so still a $ 70 difference ) . 
  and overhead is indeed higher , but there 's no way they can justify a $ 100 ( edit : or even a $ 70 one ) increase because of that . 
  it 's not niantic 's job to police how people use their devices . 
  yes they should n't be using them while driving , but `` for safety both get nerfed '' is ridiculous . 
  you ca n't reasonably say that because there 's a few idiots using it while driving ( which it should be the police 's job to stop , if there are people doing it ) , it 's then fair for niantic to stop * anyone * in a moving vehicle from using it . 
  that 's just completely illogical . 
  there must be thousands of people who play ingress while on a bus , in a train , or as a passenger in a car each day , and ruining their experience to stop a few idiots is a bad move . 
  no fuck you . 
  but seriously , it 's really nice seeing such cordial conversations where people are informing each other of the facts and just generally being polite . 
  yeah . 
  that was the one bad thing . 
  still , it does n't in any way make them a worse option than xbox , since xbox also requires you to pay for online multiplayer , just like it did before . 
  christmas , new years . 
  sausage sizzles on the beach . 
  december 1st -- february 28th/29th !, 
  most koreans i know just say 1 , 2 , 3 . 
  ( forgive the spelling ), 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=splhkp0nzii ) would be nice , for obvious reasons mozart 's requiem 's probably a bit too long ... 
  eh , apart from pirates , i 've always found zimmer to be incredibly ... * generic * . 
  his music does the job of portraying the mood of the film , but beyond that , nothing . 
  compared to the awesome depth of virtually any williams score , or shore 's work in lord of the rings ( and the first hobbit film ) , i ca n't say i like zimmer very much at all . 
  this past weekend abc classic fm had a top 100 music in the movies countdown , voted by their listeners . 
  the mission, 
  star wars, 
  lord of the rings, 
  you can check the full list , if you 're interested , [ here ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/classic/classic100/movies/ ) . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with a lot of it ( especially the mission beating out sw and lotr ) , but it 's interesting nonetheless . 
  you were n't aware ? 
  no offense , but have you ever looked in to anything about zimmer before ? 
  he 's famous for it . 
  frequently criticised for having his team if underlings do his work without credit . 
  not that i think this is a valid criticism . 
  no , there 's * plenty * to criticise in his work , but that 's not it . 
  i would suggest if we want someone serious at the top , the eff would be the one to lead . 
   this is definitely a meta thread, 
  see , i strongly disagree with this . 
  i mean , yeah it 's kinda meta since it 's change my view about / r/changemyview . 
  but it 's still legitimate content . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the only threads that * should * be required to be approved by mods are truly meta ones -- i.e. , ones that are about the sub but are n't the op wanting a cmv on the topic . 
  agree with the rest of your comment , though . 
  that 's what i put !, 
  yeah i would have liked more than one option for that question too . 
  split screen and online . 
  as far as i know , its only real advantages are that it 's much smaller , and that it can go in either way ( no having to deal with plugging it in , it not fitting , turning it around , finding it still does n't fit , then getting it in the right way !, 
  my mum used to call my gameboy advanced sp a `` playboy '' ... 
   it 's the accent, 
  the funny thing is , very few of the different accents in england ( we 'll exclude the rest of britain for simplicity 's sake ) sound very formal or posh at all . 
  the stereotypical `` received pronunciation '' is of course incredibly posh , but i doubt anyone would hear a scouse or cockney accent and think `` ooo , i bet he 's classy ! '' . 
  england actually has as much ( if not * more * ) variety in accents as america does , in a country that would probably be in the bottom 5 if compared to us states by area . 
  speaking as an aussie , where we have almost no variety in accents ( relatively speaking ) in an area almost as large as the us ... 
  it 's in full-force here in australia , such that we 're likely to elect a government later this year that will absolutely cripple the country for years , despite a current government that 's actually doing a pretty decent job . 
  but the media 's turned it into a complete joke at least as bad as the us . 
  it 's really sad . 
  eh , the popularity of league vs afl here is so close it 's barely worth comparing . 
  yes afl has a slightly higher following , but it 's not by much . 
  also cricket 's the * best * sport , even if it is n't the most popular . 
  spectator counts are n't a good measurement . 
  the nature of afl ( being played all over the field and moving around quickly ) lends it much more to audience attendance . 
  nrl , on the other hand , because it 's played in a line that moves up and down the field , works much better on tv , where you can see the action up close and are n't missing much . 
  [ this comment thread explains it better ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/sports/comments/1fkjup/interested_in_watching_a_new_sport_australias/cabixm2?context=3 ), 
  well yeah , the perception of accents is bound to be different in different places , and i can see how oliver 's accent would be interpreted differently based on your exposure to it . 
  but do you think many people in the us would interpret [ this accent ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9mcuwxtt30 ) as posh in the same way ? 
  going the other way , most people outside the us would have the same biases regarding the thick southern drawl from the us , but perhaps some of the associations with some other accents would n't get through . 
  ( for example , i have no idea what you would associate the boston accent with . ), 
  no , you 're absolutely right , the mods have interpreted it your way in the past . 
  i replied expressing my disagreement last time i saw it but never got any response . 
  my reasoning for disagreeing is that cmvs about this subreddit are still cmvs . 
  it 's still fundamentally the op asking for people to challenge his/her viewpoint , coming in with a mind open to the possibility of it being changed . 
  i personally do n't see why the subject matter should matter . 
  as others have said , master of languages would be able to speak perfectly fluently in every language . 
  if they can already write well in at least one language , that ability could be extended to other languages . 
  the master of instruments would be able to play every instrument technically perfectly . 
  if they can already play with beautiful emotion on one instrument , that ability would be extended to the other instruments . 
  i 'd imagine it * does n't * include the sense to create beautiful music . 
  you would have to develop that yourself . 
  that said , if you 've got technical mastery , it makes it much easier to develop the beauty than if you keep making mistakes all over the place . 
  i think it 's fair to say that this question does n't do a good job of answering op 's question . 
  there 's a heap of awesome debate over it , but it seems most people are convinced as to their own answer . 
  as a musician , i 'd take every instrument hands down . 
  neither , i 'm not a fan of entr\u00e9es normally . 
  skip straight to the main meal . 
  i thought it was 111/2 as in 111 divided by two . 
  that made the difference in price * much * less insignificant . 
  exactly . 
  much less * insignificant * is what i said . 
  probably not the best wording , but it was also trying to point out how insignificant the difference * is * in reality .
